ICYMI: The Cap Times editorial on Tammy's appointment to the Appropriations Committee:
In the new Congress, Tammy will sit on the Senate appropriations committee, where she is looking forward to giving Wisconsin a ‘strong voice.’   Of her new position, Tammy said, “I will continue to focus on investing in job training and workforce readiness; making higher education more affordable; strengthening our manufacturing economy; and growing small business start-ups by supporting innovation, science and research.”   Read more here:
Tammy is joining a bipartisan effort to improve part of the Chicago waterway in order to prevent the spread of invasive Asian carp.  “This invasive species threatens our freshwater economy – from the $5 billion commercial and sport fishing industry on the Great Lakes to the health of the water and our coastal communities.” - TB   Read more:
ICYMI: Tammy and colleague Brian Schatz sent a letter to POTUS calling for him to submit an Authorization for the Use of Military Force on ISIL for Congressional consideration. This action will allow Congress to properly evaluate the President’s strategy for America’s military operations against ISIL, as well as foster American public debate about this critical issue.
Whether you’re celebrating in America or overseas, I want to wish you and your families a happy, healthy, and safe Thanksgiving! - TB
Tammy was proud to participate in a panel on “The Middle Class Squeeze & Effects of Inequality” at the Center for American Progress 2014 Policy Conference, #MakingProgress.  “Making progress means building a strong middle class from the bottom and the middle out!” - TB  View Tammy’s panel discussion here:
Tammy supports the President's recent proposal calling on the FCC to protect the free and open Internet and to keep Internet service providers from creating an unequal playing field.  “Equal equitable access to the Internet…is something we hold very dear.” - TB  Read more about Tammy’s stance on net neutrality here:
After last year’s propane supply crisis, Tammy’s teaming up with her colleague, Sen. Al Franken, to urge the Department of Energy to establish an emergency plan in case of another propane shortage.
Winter Storm Astro is making its presence felt across Wisconsin. With heavy snowfall, be sure to allow extra time when traveling and leave plenty of room for snow plows. Be safe and keep warm!
Today, we honor our nation’s veterans and thank them for their service and their sacrifice. Happy Veterans Day! - TB
Last night, Tammy met with tireless volunteers in Madison and Fitchburg who were getting ready to hit the doors in their neighborhoods and on their campuses for some Election-Eve GOTV. Everyone is fired up to work hard for Wisconsin Democrats straight through when the polls close tonight - it all comes down to today so if you haven't already, make sure you get out there and vote!! https://myvote.wi.gov/
Democrats can win in Wisconsin, but only if we show up at the polls and vote! Find your polling place here: https://myvote.wi.gov/
Yesterday was another great day of getting out the vote in Wisconsin! Tammy visited with & thanked volunteers in Platteville, Beloit, and Janesville -- and made calls, too!
Yesterday, Tammy was in Northeast WI to Get Out The Vote and thank volunteers in Fond du Lac, Sheboygan, Manitowoc and Oshkosh.   "Volunteers are the greatest asset our Democratic candidates have in the last days of this campaign. You are the ones who will close the deal!" - TB
Help Democrats win in Wisconsin by volunteering to help Get Out The Vote this weekend! Sign up for a shift here at the link!
ICYMI: Tammy met with students and volunteers working to get out the vote for Bruce Braley in Iowa last week. Bruce's race is one of the closest in the country and he has an amazing team of supporters working hard to make sure Iowans get to the polls on November 4th. Good luck Team Braley -- Iowans will be lucky to have you as their next Senator!
Tammy has joined w/ colleagues Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana in a bipartisan effort to aid businesses in the Midwest and across the country that have been affected by unprecedented shipping backlogs. The Senators are pushing federal regulators to foster competition among railroads, forcing them to improve the quality of their service, and giving shippers greater options and better service. To learn more about Tammy’s leadership on this issue, read here:
Tammy is proud to support Martha Laning's campaign for Wisconsin State Senate! Great to see such an excellent turn out last night at the event for Martha at Emil Mazey labor hall in Sheboygan.
Earlier this week, Tammy was honored to join Susan Happ for Attorney General, Congressman Mark Pocan, and hosts Eve and Mark Galanter at a great Wisconsin Dems event. With 25 days to go until Election Day, we need to make every one count for these terrific candidates!
ICYMI: Yesterday, Tammy reacted to the Supreme Court declining to consider appeals from several states, including Wisconsin, in which they sought to prohibit same-sex marriage, saying the "action by the U.S. Supreme Court is a huge victory for freedom and equality both in Wisconsin and in states across America. And now we can proudly say that marriage equality is the law of the land in Wisconsin. Love is love, family is family, and discriminating against anyone’s love, against anyone’s family, is not only wrong, it’s unconstitutional. This is a huge step forward for our entire country being a place where every family’s love and commitment can be recognized and respected under the law.” -TB   Read more about Tammy and others’ reactions to this monumental decision in Wisconsin, here: 
Tammy & Cecile Richards support Mary Burke in Milwaukee & Madison
“I believe that women make a big difference when we have a seat at the table and especially when it’s the chairman’s seat at the table. And I think it would be a step backwards generally for all Americans if our Senate becomes less diverse because of a change in partisan control.” - TB   Read more about Tammy’s battle on the front lines for Senate women: 
ICYMI: Cap Times’ John Nichols: “Tammy Baldwin is right with her Citizens United vote.”    Tammy, who voted proudly in the majority, said, “It is far too often the case in Washington that powerful corporate interests, the wealthy, and the well-connected get to write the rules, and now the Supreme Court has given them more power to rule the ballot box by creating an uneven playing field.”  Read more about Democrats’ efforts to overturn Citizens United, which were effectively blocked by Republican opposition, here: 
To our state’s workforce & their families - thank you for all you do to strengthen our #MadeinWI economy. Happy #LaborDay! - TB
Tammy knows that reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank is essential to Wisconsin businesses. Last week, Tammy toured three Sturgeon Bay companies to listen to the concerns of local business owners who benefit from the Bank's assistance. Read more about Tammy's Sturgeon Bay tour and support of the Export-Import Bank here: 
It's troubling that 38,000 Wisconsinites are currently uninsured. Governor Walker's decision to decline federal aid to expand BadgerCare Plus under the Affordable Care Act resulted in cuts that have yet to be addressed. Tammy is urging Governor Walker to track those cut from BadgerCare and develop a strategy to remedy this situation. For more on Tammy's advocacy on this issue, read here: 
While in Forest County, Tammy toured the Nicolet Hardwoods sawmill in Laona to learn what needs to be done so that the forests can meet their harvest goals. “When I hear how a well-vetted plan about how the forests in this area would be managed over the years – when I see that they haven’t even gotten close to achieving those goals, when they’ve been put together with a lot of stakeholder involvement, that’s disappointing and I want to know why.”   Read more about Tammy’s visit to Forest County here: 
ICYMI: Tammy made stops along the Mississippi River as part of her freshwater coast tour earlier this week. Read more about the tour, her commitment to restoring and protecting Wisconsin’s freshwater resources, as well her support of investments that will strengthen the state’s environment and economic security, via WXOW: 
Despite torrential rain, more than 250 supporters came out for Tammy's 7th Annual Summer BBQ in Madison. What a night, and what an intro from Rep. Melissa Sargent. Thanks to all who came for braving the storm! 
Earlier this week, Tammy was joined by friends and supporters including Rep. Ron Kind, Rep. Jill Billings, and Crawford County Board Chair Pete Flesch at an event in LaCrosse. Check out photos from the night here! 
NA
Tammy is backing a plan to amend corporate cash out of politics and reverse the effects of Citizens United. Read more about her efforts here: 
ICYMI: In the wake of the Hobby Lobby decision, women’s reproductive and healthcare advocates testified before Congress, calling for support for Tammy’s Women’s Health Protection Act. In its coverage, MSNBC called the act “a crucial step toward defending access to safe, legal, essential health care and the constitutional rights of every woman in the U.S.”, and that “if Congress is truly interested in acting for women, it should pass this important legislation without delay. 
Tammy met with with police officers in La Crosse this week to congratulate them on their community Gang Resistance Education and Training. Read more on it here.   http://www.tammybaldwin.com/news/2014/lacrosse-tribune-baldwin-commends-great-officers-tours-chart/
ICYMI: Tammy sat down with WKBT to discuss SCOTUS’ Hobby Lobby decision, the ongoing gridlock in Washington, and what she’s planning to do to fix the issues. Watch the video here: http://www.tammybaldwin.com/news/2014/wkbt-web-extra-full-interview-with-tammy/
A happy and safe 4th of July to you and yours!
ICYMI: Tammy was honored to speak at the Wisconsin state Democratic convention last week. Such a great, energized crowd -- now's the time to turn that energy into action for all the great Democrats across the state who know #WICanDoBetter!
Today's ruling to ensure marriage equality in Wisconsin confirmed what all of us in this state know -- love is love, and family is family -- and discriminating against anyone's love or against anyone's family isn't just wrong, it's unconstitutional.   We have made tremendous progress towards our shared goal of ensuring fairness for all in this state, and I am so incredibly proud that as of tonight, equality will be the law of the land in Wisconsin!    We still have work to do, but I know we will leave the next generation a nation that is more equal, not less. And we are the generation that will make marriage equality the rule for all.   Always a proud Wisconsinite, today, I am especially so!
This Memorial Day, let us remember all of our fallen heroes who gave their lives so that we may live ours with freedom. And let us also honor the Gold Star families who accept with dignity the solemn duty of keeping their memories alive. It is our duty as a nation to bear that burden with you, and to offer you strength where we can.        America thanks you for your sacrifice. -TB
Claire McCaskill joined Tammy at their first of three roundtables to discuss how colleges can better prevent and respond to campus sexual assault.   Read more here:
Tammy is fighting proposed funding cuts to Navy combat ships built at Marinette Marine in Wisconsin to protect hundreds of jobs and bolster future naval capabilities.   Read more:
Tammy heard University of Wisconsin-Madison students’ debt stories and is pushing for a plan to allow graduates to refinance their loans.   "Unless something is done about growing student loan debt, it will take a toll on the national economy." -TB
Governor Walker’s new law restricts early voting rights for Wisconsin citizens. Join Tammy and fight back!
At the Kenosha Chamber of Commerce breakfast, Tammy discussed how bipartisanship is crucial to strengthening both the Made in Wisconsin economy as well as the national economy.  Read more:
Wishing a very happy Mother’s Day to all the mothers out there! Thank you for all that you do. -TB
The lack of a sufficient Emergency Response Plan from the Department of Energy was a serious problem, and will not prevent any future crises. Actions must be taken so this does not happen again. -TB
ICYMI: Tammy expressed her frustration with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ report on keeping Asian Carp out of Great Lakes.  Read more:
Tammy is fighting to extend unemployment insurance because she knows it is a worthwhile investment in both our families and our communities.
The current trade negotiations with the European Union threaten not only the names of common state products, but also key drivers of our Wisconsin economy. -TB
Read how Tammy is fighting to protect Wisconsin brats, beer, and cheese from an European Union trade initiative seeking to change the names of products Wisconsinites enjoy everyday.
Today is Equal Pay Day! Share if you want to see the gender wage gap closed for good. -TB
Tammy and a bipartisan group of colleagues are calling on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to implement short-term measures to stop Asian carp from getting into the Great Lakes, and to move aggressively toward a long-term solution.
The Badgers tip off tonight against Baylor in the Sweet 16! Show off your Badger pride and let’s get to the Elite 8. -TB
Four years ago today, the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, extending health care benefits for young people, preventing insurance companies from discriminating against those with pre-existing conditions, and making it so no one has to be afraid of going bankrupt because of an illness or injury.   The deadline to get covered under ACA is coming up on March 31st - be sure to enroll if you haven't yet! - TB
ICYMI: Tammy has zero tolerance for workplace discrimination and has introduced the Fair Employment Protection Act to protect harassed workers and ensure they are able to seek justice.   Read more, here:
This week, Tammy stood with fellow Senators in unanimous support of a plan to change the way the military handles sexual assaults.  Read more, here:
Have you had a chance to sign Tammy’s petition telling Congress not to leave the middle class behind? Take a minute to add your name today, and share with your friends!
The Farm Bill creates new economic opportunities and makes important investments in our forest industry while providing land managers and the Forest Service with the tools they need to manage our working forests.
Tammy turns 52 today! To celebrate, we thought we'd share a photo of her on her birthday when she was a little girl. That's her in the back ready to blow out her candles -- all dressed up with her friends and all with bows in their hair, thanks to her grandmother's artistic touch.   Help us wish Tammy a happy birthday by sharing this post with your family & friends!
Tammy is pushing President Obama to support #MadeinWI shipbuilding at Marinette Marine Corp.
ICYMI: Tammy joined with fellow Democratic women senators in support of President Obama’s call for an increase in the minimum wage. Nearly two thirds of all minimum wage earners are women. It’s time for a raise - no one working a full-time job should have to live in poverty.    Read more:
At Madison Area Technical College in Fort Atkinson and Madison, Tammy touted her plan aimed at job training and workforce readiness for high-skilled jobs in clean energy.  Read more here:
Tammy has called on President Obama to take action on the propane fuel shortage impacting Wisconsin.  She has asked President Obama to moderate propane exports as Wisconsin and other states face a critical supply shortage. Read more:
ICYMI: This week’s Manitowoc Herald Times Reporter editorial says Tammy’s plan to expand green energy curriculum in schools “deserves serious consideration.”
Clean Wisconsin gives Tammy's #GreenAct two green thumbs up, saying it "poses a significant opportunity to revitalize our manufacturing base by training the bright students today to create the clean energy solutions of tomorrow." #MadeinWI   Read more here:
Milwaukee Area Technical College’s new green energy training programs will create exciting new partnerships for green collar jobs.
Today, we celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who gave us so much to build an American community that is more equal, not less. Let us continue to work together to make sure his dream is realized for every American. -TB
Forests in central and northern Wisconsin face underutilization. Tammy is committed to creating a more stable timber supply from our federal forest lands.
I enjoyed touring Appvion headquarters in Appleton last Friday. Manufacturing strengthens our #MadeinWI workforce and economy, and exports our Wisconsin-made goods across America and the world. -TB
Yesterday, the Senate took an important step towards helping the nearly 1.3 million Americans whose unemployment benefits were allowed to expire at the end of the year. Wisconsin's economy continues to lag behind other states and far too many hard working people are still looking for a job. Now both the Senate and the House must work across party lines to do the right thing and extend unemployment insurance - a critical lifeline for Wisconsin families. -TB
Tammy to co-chair the Congressional Cranberry Caucus. The cranberry industry contributes nearly $300 million annually to Wisconsin’s economy!
Wishing everyone in Wisconsin and beyond a very Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy and peaceful New Year! - TB
Joyce Roessler, Board Director at Repairers of the Breach in Milwaukee, describes the holiday season at the center, which provides help to the city's homeless:    "The sincere gratitude and relief the homeless, staff, and board members at Repairers of the Breach feel as we watch other non-profit organizations, church groups, civic organizations, corporations, youth groups, and many individuals bringing warm winter clothing, bag lunches, large casseroles, large containers of chili and soup, bakery and bread to our shelter, and then often staying to pray or visit with us is nothing short of beautiful people helping beautiful people."
Rose Collier, from Port Washington, volunteers at a local nursing home, sharing the gift of music with her elderly neighbors:  "I live down the block from a community nursing home.  As a musician and teacher, I am aware of the importance of music for the soul and the brain.  I decided to present a sing-along once a week for an hour for the enjoyment and participation of the residents. I started with "old and easy" songs and graduated to songs from musicals. To my surprise, the residents have learned them, including many tricky rhythms and difficult words, remember them and even request them.  We are branching out, singing our heads off, smiling and laughing and raising spirits weekly.  Attendance continues to grow.  This has been a wonderful, eye-opening experience for me and a joy to some of the loneliest people in our society."
Mary Ann Krems in Stevens Point serves those in need by volunteering at her church to help prepare holiday meals:  "We participate with our church in providing a meal for those alone on Christmas Day.  Last year we served 168 plus carryouts and deliveries. We are cooking again for 300 as we know the hunger issues are increasing."
Kimberly Walker-Daniels, from Sun Prairie, gives back to children in her community through a program at her local police department:   "We are not religious, but our family has its own way of celebrating all of the winter season holidays. We do this in part by supporting a very neat charity in our community, the Sun Prairie Police Department's "Shop With a Cop" program (coordinated by Officer Amy Bolling). This special program works with the teachers at the seven Sun Prairie elementary schools to select children who otherwise might not be able to shop for their families for Christmas. This year, thirteen children were selected to participate, and they spent a fun day with members of the SPPD having breakfast, shopping for, and then wrapping gifts for their families. According to the letter we received in yesterday's mail from Officer Bolling, 'Your support has touched thirteen special children and their families this Christmas ... You have helped make Christmas for the kids' families a little brighter this year.' Happy Solstice to all!"
Here, Vietnam Veteran Gary Plath from Wausau tells us how he gives back:  "Spending time with family, and throughout the year Kirsten and I donate $1200.00 to the Disabled American Veterans (DAV).  As a wounded veteran of the Vietnam disagreement it has been the right thing to do, caring for our returning brothers and sisters.    DAV Chapter 64, Wausau, WI"
Elizabeth Davy, from Oconomowoc, shared her family’s holiday tradition with us. Read it below:  "Every year we sponsor a child who may not have a Christmas through Waukesha County's Christmas Clearinghouse (CC).  Although I asked for younger children when my kids were young, I now ask for teens as the younger kids are usually chosen first.  We buy at least one fun gift and give a gift certificate so the teen can buy clothes they like.  I always write a holiday card for the family and enclose a $50 grocery gift card, too.  A little kindness goes a long way.  We have been through some challenging times, but there is always another that has more difficult challenges.  My kids have been involved in this for 15 years and I hope they will continue as they mature into adults. Community is what you put into it."
Here's our first story of how you all are giving back during the holidays. It was submitted by Tim Coburn, a volunteer for The Salvation Army, in Eau Claire:  "I ring the bell for The Salvation Army, this is my 12th year. I witness the magic of Christmas first hand, it's in the faces of all those who put money in that red kettle! One thing I never dreamed would happen is that I would be the benefactor of this charity work. I ring between 30-60 hours each holiday season & by the time hundreds of people have wished you Merry Christmas, how could you not catch the Christmas spirit?"
During the holidays, it's easy to get swept up in the hustle bustle of parties, delicious food, and finding the perfect gifts for your loved ones. But, it's also a time when so many of you make it a point to give back to your communities and to those who are in need.   We want to hear from you. Do you have a family tradition, or are you planning to volunteer somewhere this holiday season for the first time? Tell us your stories below, and we'll feature some of them on this page over the next few days!
VIDEO: Tammy discusses invasive species during her recent tour of the Upper Midwest Environmental Sciences Center.
I hope Americans in Wisconsin and across the country enjoy the holidays filled with family, food, and fun! - TB
I'd like to express my gratitude for heroes like Rachel Beauchene from La Crosse, WI, who are fighting against military sexual assault. -TB
Like and share this image to tell the House it is time to vote on ENDA!
Tammy teamed up with other Democratic colleagues to protect a woman’s right to make her own private health decisions.
We must fight terrorism while also protecting our freedoms. Domestic surveillance programs need more transparency.
I’m proud to #ActForWomen.   Every woman in America deserves the freedom to plan their own families, make their own health care decisions and access essential, quality women’s health care services. We need to act now to guarantee women have that freedom. -TB
VIDEO: Tammy tells Andrea Mitchell Reports the Employment Non-Discrimination Act represents America’s core values of freedom, fairness and opportunity.
Today we celebrate our nation’s veterans who’ve made sacrifices to keep America safe. Thank you for your service and happy Veterans Day! - TB
Wisconsin's Senators Split Over the Employee Non-Discrimination Act. Tammy believes passing ENDA is a step toward expanding freedom, fairness and opportunity for all Americans.
Wisconsin was the first state in the nation to add sexual orientation to its non-discrimination laws in 1982. It’s time for the House to act and pass the Employee Non-Discrimination Act.
Support ENDA! No one should be subjected to discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. -TB
Tammy wants to focus on revenue and spending issues for the current fiscal year in upcoming House-Senate budget conference committee talks, saying, “I just can’t imagine an appetite to get into another shutdown.”
Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel Editorial: Governor Walker made a mistake refusing to build a Wisconsin-made, state-based Health Insurance Marketplace.
A new report released this week by Citizen Action of Wisconsin finds that Governor Scott Walker’s “rejection” of federal Medicaid assistance and his refusal to allow the state to regulate rates has led to significantly higher premiums for Wisconsinites when compared to neighboring Minnesota.
In preparation for next week’s talks on a five-year Farm Bill extension, Tammy visited Fanning Cranberry Co. in Seneca to highlight our #MadeInWI economy and get a first hand look at what goes into harvesting Wisconsin’s largest fruit crop.  Read more here:
It was great to visit with University of Wisconsin-Madison faculty Tuesday! Investing in our world-class research efforts is critical to our future. -TB
The Tea Party government shutdown and threat of government default was an example of partisanship at its absolute worst. Wisconsinites, and citizens all across this country, deserve better. Now, we must work together towards passing a budget that grows our economy, invests in the middle class, and reduces the deficit without shortchanging our future. - TB
This GOP shutdown continues to harm the middle class. The latest resource being threatened? Wisconsin job centers that provide critical help getting the unemployed back to work.   No more reckless Tea Party games. It's time to end the shutdown, pay our bills and put progress ahead of politics.
Tammy recently received the Senate’s “golden gavel” for presiding over the chamber for 100+ hours. When presenting her with the honor, Senator Reid said “we have not had a harder working Senator.”
Tammy recently spoke to Salon about about the Tea Party shutdown and their threat of a government default, explaining her thoughts on both:   “The basic and most central part of our jobs as elected representatives of the people is to keep the government running and to make sure that the United States of America pays its bills on time. There is a lot that we should be discussing…but not in this context of shutdowns and threatened default.” - TB
First a government shutdown. Next a default? I ask Congressional Republicans to stop playing politics and start governing.
The shutdown is hurting Wisconsin families and businesses. Congress -- stop the political games and pass a budget.
The government shutdown is threatening Wisconsin families and economic recovery. Let's pass a responsible budget that invests in the middles class and creates jobs.
Gov. Walker kicked 92,000 people off #BadgerCare and he should take responsibility for the uncertainty and confusion he has created for Wisconsin families.
Extending employee benefits to domestic partners is about freedom and fairness. The majority of Fortune 500 companies agree.
I do not believe in engaging and involving ourselves militarily in the middle of a brutal, years-long civil war in Syria. -TB
Cuts to Great Lakes funding hurts Wisconsin’s ability to clean up toxic waste, combat the threat of invasive species and reduce stormwater runoff.
NA
We can’t let Wisconsin continue its effort to create burdensome roadblocks that make it harder to register and vote. Sign our petition now!
It was great to see so many friends and supporters at the Janesville Labor Day Parade! - TB
Wisconsin's working families are the backbone of our economy. This Labor Day, join Tammy in supporting them -- "like" and "share" this post!
Tammy believes we should protect, not restrict voting rights. Sign her petition here:
Small businesses, like the biotech startup Isomark, are the future of #Wisconsin. It was great to meet with them last week and have students from the Portage there to be a part of the conversation.
Sign the petition to demand that Governor Walker put Wisconsin families before his own politics and party ideology.
Congratulations to New Glarus Brewing for receiving the most votes in our craft brewers survey. To see a full list of breweries that received votes, click here:
Some people look at construction and see traffic delays; I look at it and I see jobs - TB.
Check out Tammy's day touring Chippewa Valley Technical College and new construction in Chippewa Falls.
Moving Wisconsin forward, Tammy's plan will accelerate research in biotechnology, advanced manufacturing and clean energy.
Investments in research are a win for #WI's future. Tammy's plan will boost support for young scientists.
Tammy calls on #WI to create a better environment for entrepreneurship.
Have you seen Tammy on her #MadeInWI tour? Share your photos and stories.
Today is the 78th anniversary of #SocialSecurity. LIKE if you agree with Tammy that we need to protect, not privatize Social Security!
ICYMI: Tammy knows small businesses are the key to a growing #economy. Check out her plan here:
#WI ports deserve the same treatment as coastal ports. Tammy tours port of Green Bay and calls for increased dredging:
Tammy had a great time in Manitowoc this week! Check out this video from her visit:
Tammy was excited to see growth in advance manufacturing opportunities on her tour through #WI.
It’s time to make your voice heard! Like this post and share your plans for #ActionAugust:
Tammy joins colleagues in #WI to call for transparency and review of #NSA surveillance program.
You get to decide whether 2014 is like 2010: another midterm election when young people stay home and Democrats don’t show up, or whether we’ll prove that we are ready to fight, fight for our #progressive values. - TB
Tammy works across party lines to better serve #Wisconsin businesses and economy.
Small businesses are the engine of our #economy. Check out Tammy's plan to create jobs and move #WI forward.
Tammy's has a plan to target small business startups and grow economy. #MadeinWI
College should be a pathway to the middle class, not a pathway to debt #dontdoublemyrate.
NA
Americans should not be left in the dark. Tammy joins Senate colleagues in demanding answers about government surveillance:
We've come a long way but the march towards freedom and equality continues. Please take a moment to check out this video on the progress we have made together.  http://bit.ly/10VgCfZ
Major victory for freedom, equality and progress. The Supreme Court finds Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional! Like & share to stand with Tammy in support of this historic decision.
The voices of Wisconsin seniors deserve to be heard. Tammy fights to protect funding for senior's Meals on Wheels.
“Baldwin delivers stirring Pride speech-- 'It’s about freedom: the freedom to love, the freedom to commit, the freedom to build a family.'"   Check out Tammy’s Pride Month speech:
We're seeing a lot of new things on factory floors that you wouldn't have seen in your father or grandfather's factory – TB.
Higher ed partnerships with business community are vital for growing economy. Read about Tammy's visit to Western Technical College.
June is national dairy month. Tammy visits a dairy breakfast in West Salem, Wisconsin to celebrate.
America needs strong technical and agricultural education programs.   "Wisconsin has a rich agriculture tradition that has been carried on from generation to generation. I believe it is important that we support and invest in innovative agricultural education programs so we can continue to carry on that tradition."   Check out Tammy’s plan:
The state legislature voted to restrict women’s reproductive rights. Tammy believes women in Wisconsin deserve better!  Like and share if you agree.
The Farm Bill supports a vital industry in Wisconsin. Tammy is glad to see the bipartisan legislation pass in the Senate. “The Farm Bill makes important investments in our rural communities and supports an industry critical to our state's economy."
Wisconsin has always taken the path of leadership in advancing health care reforms that serve as models for the rest of the country. It’s time to seize the opportunity to take that path once again. It’s time to move health care reform forward and put progress for Wisconsin ahead of politics. -TB.
Tammy calls for a bipartisan focus on building a strong middle class. Check out her speech at the Wisconsin Democratic Party Convention.
According to the Alliance for Retired Americans, Tammy’s voting record on seniors issues is 100% favorable!
It was great to see Mayor Julian Castro this weekend at the Wisconsin State Convention!
50 years ago JFK signed Equal Pay Act. We still have work to do. Like and share if you stand with Tammy in the fight to close the wage gap and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.
Check out Tammy’s plan to protect #journalists from having to reveal confidential sources.
ICYMI: Tammy fights to keep student loan rates from doubling.
The struggle of middle-class families in #WI should not be disregarded in Washington. Like and share if you stand with Tammy.
We look forward to seeing everyone at the state convention tomorrow! Be sure to stop by and say hello. - TB
It is great to see so many support strengthening Wisconsin’s middle class. Together, we can work to change Washington.
At the iMEt Center building in the Gateway Technical College, Tammy talked about how we need to invest in our economy.
During a tour of the Germann Road Fire in Douglas County, Tammy announced a plan that would support volunteer firefighters.
As a lifelong Wisconsinite, it's an honor for Tammy to represent all of #WI. She’s worked to build relationships in Washington to help the middle class in Wisconsin.
In case you missed it: Tammy addressed the Senate floor last week about bridging the gap between Washington politicians and working families.
Happy Statehood Day, Wisconsin! Here's to 165 years and forward.
Tammy is working to make sure that your student loan rates don’t double. We need to stand up for people like Mike, from Couderay. Mike has worked continuously since earning his master’s degree in 1998, but has found only low-paying jobs that don’t allow him to make a dent in his loan debt. We want to hear your student loan story.  Share it here:
Today we remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice. Words cannot express my deep gratitude for the brave men and women who have served our country. Thank you. - TB
In case you missed it: Here’s a recap of Tammy’s first floor speech.
I spoke on Wednesday about how every in America deserves a fair shot. That’s why I am fighting for and will continue to fight for the middle class. -TB
We’re thinking of those affected by the tornado in Oklahoma. Do you want to help those in need? Here is information:
Small businesses are the backbone of Wisconsin. That’s why Tammy is working to help local craft brewers in a new plan.
Do you agree with Tammy that student loan rates shouldn't double? Sign & Share our petition.
Tammy really enjoyed talking to, Founders Day Contest winners, Darryl and his wife Bridget at the Founders Day Dinner this weekend.
Wisconsin newspapers agree that Tammy wisely joined the bipartisan majority, while Ron Johnson got another vote wrong.
Investing in agriculture will help create jobs and improve energy efficiency. Tammy is working on a plan that will help producers invest and create new agricultural projects. Share & like this post if you support this!
Tammy meeting with the Wauwatosa East High School Students this weekend!
Along with 20 women of the Senate, Tammy had dinner with President Obama and discussed the need for economic growth for Wisconsin families and businesses.
Preventing employment discrimination of LGBT individuals is important to Tammy. Like & Share if you believe in fairness and equality for all Americans!
Tammy believes we need comprehensive immigration reform to fix our broken system. Agree? Sign & Share our petition.
Share & Like this post if you agree with Tammy's support of universal background checks for gun sales. From The Capital Times:
Tammy is fighting to fix our broken immigration system with a tough and fair pathway to citizenship.
"Fairness for Wisconsin women will lead to a stronger middle class." - TB
Tammy supports universal background checks for all gun sales. Like to show your support.
Our immigration system is broken. Like and Share this post if you agree with Tammy that it needs to be fixed.
Like and Share if you agree that Wisconsin deserves a vote to reduce gun violence.
Listen to Tammy in Wisconsin Public Radio's segment on gun control legislation.   "When you hear that 40 percent of sales and exchanges occur without any sort of background check, without any inquiry [into] whether the purchaser is a felon or dangerous in other ways that would be identified through a background check, it's really outrageous, and we can do a lot better."
Today is Fair Pay Day -- the day in 2013 that women need to work through to earn what a man earned in 2012 alone. Women in Wisconsin make 78 cents to the dollar on average when compared to men. Share this post to show your support for equal pay!
Thanks to everyone that came out Saturday and congratulations to everyone that made the College Democrats' Convention a huge success -- the largest in its history!
The President announced plans to protect voting rights by tackling problems at the polls like long lines, registration issues and access. Like this post and share to we're standing with him.
This week, the Supreme Court is hearing two historic cases that could move marriage equality forward in America. Tammy supports fairness, equal opportunity and freedom for all Americans -- 'Like' & share if you agree!
Congratulations to Marquette University’s men’s basketball team for advancing to the Sweet 16 in the NCAA Tournament - Go Blue and Gold!
Tammy has been tapped to lead the Democratic Women's Senate Network -- responsible for helping Democratic women get elected to the Senate, and for protecting those women already serving. From Tammy: "We achieved great things in 2012, electing and re-electing more women to the U.S. Senate than ever before, but the hard work does not stop...We must redouble our efforts to protect the gains we've made." See more at the link.
Share the news: This week, the President signed the Violence Against Women Act back into law. Federal protections for domestic violence victims are in place again.
Today we remember the long road women have walked to fight for equality, and how far we still have to go. Happy International Women's Day! -TB
No one party has all the answers to the challenges facing America. We all need to work together -- Democrats and Republicans -- to build a better nation. At Superior Days in Madison, Tammy calls for bipartisan solutions: "One party can’t move our country forward, our state forward." http://www.tammybaldwin.com/?p=5249
Tammy says its time to put progress ahead of politics. Governor Walker is wrong to reject federal funding that would help expand health care access for Wisconsinites.
Watch the video and see what Wisconsinites told Tammy at her breakfast with Superior Days delegates in Madison.
Tammy has fought for tax fairness and the Buffett Rule. It's a common-sense approach that will ensure that everyone pays their fair share. And now, the Senate Democrats have included the Buffett Rule in their plan to avoid the harmful, arbitrary cuts of sequestration.
As a newly-appointed member of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Tammy is listening to Wisconsin seniors, and those who care for them. In Stevens Point, Tammy visited the Aging & Disability Resource Center of Portage County,  “Being able to visit places like this and meet people helps me to understand the issues that I should be focused on."
VIDEO: Tammy speaks with the Green Bay Press Gazette on the sequester: "The people, the families, the small businesses and big businesses in this state and in this country need to know that there is a regular way of doing things, that we're not going to live from fiscal crisis to fiscal crisis." See more at the link.
Did you see the President's State of the Union address? He laid out a clear plan for the path we must take to move this nation forward. See what Tammy had to say.
Congratulations to Deb Carey of the New Glarus Brewing Co., on being invited to attend last night's State of the Union for her work in creating a small business, creating jobs, and keeping it made in Wisconsin!
Oak Creek Police Lt. Brian Murphy, the Wisconsin hero who was wounded while responding to the tragic temple shooting this past August, has been invited to watch the State of the Union address in the First Lady's box. Read more at the link.
Join our grassroots team in wishing Tammy a very happy birthday! 'Like' & share to send your best wishes!
"It’s time that the governor step up to the plate, hold his nose if he needs to and do what is in the best interests of Wisconsin by agreeing to expand the state’s Medicaid program."
The Family & Medical Leave Act -- the first & only federal law focused on helping workers manage their work/life balance -- was signed by President Clinton 20 years ago today. Show Wisconsin working families that you stand with them -- 'like' & share!
Making health care reform work for all of Wisconsin and expanding coverage to our most vulnerable citizens depends on Governor Walker doing the right thing.
ICYMI: On PBS Newshour, Tammy expressed hope that the Senate can find common ground, and come together to make a difference for American families on issues such as reducing the deficit and fixing our broken immigration system.
While calling on governors to expand their Medicaid programs, Tammy denounced lies about the President's healthcare reform law, adding that healthcare is a “right guaranteed to all, not a privilege for the few.”
“Medicaid expansion is about protecting the most vulnerable Americans at the most vulnerable moments in their lives.” In her speech at the Families USA Health Action 2013 conference, Tammy discuses the important work we have to do to expand Medicaid, and ensure the Affordable Care Act is properly implemented.
VIDEO: Take a look at Tammy on PBS Newshour, talking about the big issues facing Wisconsin and the nation.
Today, America celebrates the 4 year anniversary of President Obama's first bill signed into law - the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act- bringing women one step closer to #PayCheckFairness - Like & Share!
For too long, gridlock has been the norm in the Senate. It's time to change the status quo and get the Senate moving again. Tammy is working toward to make Washington work for Wisconsin. Check out this editorial in The Cap Times explaining why the time for filibuster reform is now: http://bit.ly/WWP2GB
VIDEO: Tammy visits Gundersen Lutheran Health Clinic in La Crosse, and praises the steps the company has taken toward improving their energy efficiency and value-based health care. http://bit.ly/10Qfud9
ICYMI: Tammy tours Johnson Controls in Milwaukee. The success of the facility highlights the importance of investment in innovation to create jobs, advance our clean energy industry, and improve our economy for Wisconsin families. http://bit.ly/UROcNl
Tammy talks about the need for innovation and hears from WI companies who need a level playing field.  http://bit.ly/142lZIC
At her stop in La Crosse last week, Tammy talked about the biggest difference in transitioning into her role as Senator -- representing the whole state. She said she's excited "to be able to fight for hardworking Wisconsin families, no matter where they live, trying to grow the economy." http://bit.ly/145m39r
Gridlock has been the norm in the Senate for too long, and political obstruction is worse than ever. That's why Tammy has joined the charge for filibuster reform, to get the Senate working for Wisconsin. http://bit.ly/Sxc8qz
Today is an exciting day: President Obama is officially sworn into his second term! Help Tammy congratulate him -- click the link below to sign the card!
Half a century ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led our nation toward fairness and equality for all. He provided moral clarity for America and proved that history moves in one direction- forward. Let's all take a moment today to remember his leadership and draw strength and inspiration from the path of progress he helped build for our nation. -TB
Tammy makes her first visit to Northeast Wisconsin as a United States Senator.
On a visit to University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh, Tammy spent time speaking with students and faculty about the university's programs to prepare student for careers. http://bit.ly/WL6EoF
On the Senate HELP Committee, Tammy plans on making students, teachers, and education a top priority. http://bit.ly/Wyof3f
Tammy is looking forward to shaping an agenda over the next few years that protects middle class families. And how do you do that? Tammys says: "The hallmark needs to be what's fair." See more. http://bit.ly/WKv0ys
Readers and subscribers of Wisconsin Politics named Tammy their "Most Important Politico of the Year (D)." http://bit.ly/U8VDPU
Congratulations to the Green Bay Packers on their huge win this weekend against Minnesota. Next up, the 49ers. Go Packers!
Catch Tammy on MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell at 12:30 CST/1:30 EST.
The Advocate Magazine has chosen Tammy as their Person of the Year. Make sure you read the article: http://bit.ly/134uP8d
"This has been an exciting week, but it's only going to get better when the Packers beat the Vikings" -TB http://bit.ly/UPgz0a
“I did not run to make history; I ran to make a difference.” -Tammy talks about her historic swearing in to the Senate http://bit.ly/138TpUw
It's official: Tammy is a United States Senator. The people of Wisconsin, and all of our grassroots supporters across the country, have made history. Now it's time for us to roll up our sleeves and make a real difference for America's middle class.
We've worked hard. And at 11 am CST/12 pm EST today, Tammy will be sworn in to the United States Senate.
According to MSNBC, Tammy's historic Senate victory was one of the "Top Dem moments of 2012." Tammy will officially become a United States Senator when she is sworn in tomorrow at noon.  We all had a hand in that victory, and we all deserve a share of the credit. But it's important to remember: There is still work to be done. Tammy's efforts for the middle class families of Wisconsin have just begun -- and we need to stand with her all the way! http://bit.ly/XjKkc0
