Good news for California: Final spending bill includes $5 million down payment for earthquake early-warning system.
The U.S. has too many nuclear weapons—the cost is undermining other national security priorities. Read my Washington Post op-ed:
I welcome the nomination of Ashton Carter as Secretary of Defense. He has the experience to effectively lead the Defense Department.
I was honored to be recognized yesterday by 9 arms control and peace organizations for my work on nuclear security.
We must increase oil-by-rail safety standards and inform towns and cities affected. Excellent Wall Street Journal piece here:
As international climate change negotiations begin today in Lima, I hope countries pledge big cuts to emissions.
Eight innovative programs in California are receiving Affordable Care Act grants. Great job!
Good news: UC Davis has received a $100 million USAID grant to continue the fight against pandemic threats.
Met with Secretary of Veterans Affairs Bob McDonald today to discuss how we can work together to better serve California's 2 million veterans. We talked about homeless housing at the West Los Angeles VA, seismic safety in California and improving accountability.
The number of homeless children in the U.S. is higher than ever—too many aren't eligible for help. Congress must act.
Important work being done at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography to locate those who were killed in action during World War II.
Great op-ed in USA Today explains why Congress needs to act on Cybersecurity before the end of the year.
President of First Focus, Bruce Lesley, explains why my bill with Senator Rob Portman would help homeless children.
Last week I was joined by Congressman Raul Ruiz and Congressman-elect Pete Aguilar in commemorating the 20th anniversary of the California Desert Protection Act.  I also unveiled legislation to designate two new national monuments in the desert, the Mojave Trails National Monument and the Sand to Snow National Monument. Read more about the bill here: http://1.usa.gov/1prL25Z
Yesterday I talked about a new bill, the California Desert Conservation and Recreation Act. The bill is designed to protect additional land in the desert and help manage California’s desert resources by carefully balancing conservation, recreation and renewable energy development. It will be introduced early next year.
My statement on the transfer and indictment of Russian national Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin on terrorism charges:
I'm so proud of the San Francisco Giants! World Series champs for the third time in five years!! Thanks for another great season!
Joined Senator Saxby Chambliss at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce today to discuss the need to pass the Senate cyber information sharing bill.
Attention student loan borrowers: The Obama administration is considering expanding eligibility for the “Pay as You Earn” program, which caps student loan payments at 10 percent of your monthly income. Under the administration’s proposal, borrowers who took out loans before 2007 or stopped borrowing before October 2011, would be eligible for income-based repayment. If you have student loan debt and believe you would be affected by the proposal, you can share your thoughts with the Department of Education. Share your comments by November 4, 2014, by clicking the link below.  Submitting comments as federal agencies consider new policies is a great way to ensure your voice is heard.
If you missed it, yesterday I talked about the recent lone-wolf attacks with Candy Crowley on CNN State of the Union. Watch here:
Mammography can miss cancer in dense breast tissue. Read my piece with Senator Kelly Ayotte in Women's Health Magazine.
For National Substance Abuse Month, we recognize efforts to prevent addiction and help those battling addiction.
I joined Senator Gillibrand and Senator Durbin to call on USDA to implement stronger safety standards against food pathogens.
It's National Mammography Day. By detecting cancer early, mammograms help save lives.
Eight in ten LGBT youth report being bullied. No one should be bullied because of who they are. Proud to join LGBT youth on Spirit Day and Go Purple to take a stand against bullying.
Medicare’s open enrollment period starts today and runs through December 7. Take a few minutes to review your plan at Medicare.gov to ensure it’s the right plan for you. Learn more about choosing a health plan here:
A closer look at major faults in the Bay Area. More proof an earthquake early-warning system is needed. From the San Francisco Chronicle:
Read this New York Times opinion piece suggesting the Obama administration should consider the request to ensure same-sex couples receive equal benefits. 
Congratulations to Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi, tireless champions for global children’s rights.
California universities are worldwide leaders in higher education. Two are in top 5 of the Times Higher Education rankings. 
October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month. Cyber attacks are a top economic and national security threat. 
The border is more secure than ever. There is no excuse to delay action on immigration reform. Read more in my op-ed.
Three former Forest Service chiefs explain in the Los Angeles Times why wildfires need to be funded like all other disasters. 
24 California schools received the Department of Education Blue Ribbon for student performance and closing the achievement gap. Great work!
Today’s peaceful democratic transition in Afghanistan is an important step for the country’s future. I look forward to continued U.S.- Afghan security cooperation. Terrorist safe havens must be prevented.
Good news: President Obama has expanded the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument to 490,000 square miles. This designation protects coral reefs and marine ecosystems, very vulnerable to effects of climate change.
We can no longer ignore the realities of climate change. Pleased to see all the action in New York. 
Today’s federal court sentencing of an al-Qaeda terrorist shows we will continue to capture and punish our enemies.
I strongly support airstrikes in Syria. They are critical for the president’s strategy to confront ISIL, Khorasan and other groups. Five Arab nations participated or supported the airstrikes. It's vital that the U.S. has strong allies for this mission. Read my full statement below:
Joined Senator Gillibrand and Senator Warren in asking the White House to improve antibiotic resistance tracking efforts. 
Interesting New York Times article investigates how climate change will affect certain cities. Drastic changes ahead.
If you missed it, I was on Face The Nation to discuss the threat from ISIL and the issues facing the NFL. 
Sunday is the People's Climate March in NY to kick off the U.N. Climate 2014 Summit. Read about why it’s important:
Antibiotics are modern medicine’s greatest achievement. We need a comprehensive plan to preserve their efficacy. 
Good step by NASA in awarding contract to SpaceX and Boeing to once again transport U.S. astronauts from U.S. soil.
California health centers received funds to expand primary care services by hiring qualified health care providers.
Great to welcome the California Credit Union League to my office and present them with a flag flown over the Capitol.
For 20 years, AmeriCorps has enabled Americans to serve their country, make a difference and enrich their lives.
I appeared on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports this afternoon to talk about President Obama’s plan to confront ISIL. Watch here: 
13 years ago, our nation was changed forever. We will never forget those who died, and the sacrifices made by so many heroes that day.
I support the president’s ISIL strategy, he's right to use his authority to go on the offense. It's critical that Congress and the American people come together to support this critical national security mission.
Governors Brown and Schwarzenegger have it right. California sets the example for the globe on how to tackle climate change.
This week we mark the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act, which has helped millions of women experiencing domestic violence. You can help by spreading awareness about the National Domestic Violence Hotline.
My op-ed with Congressman Adam Schiff in the Los Angeles Daily News highlights the need for an earthquake early-warning system.
I strongly agree with this San Francisco Chronicle editorial. Congress must fund wildfires like all other emergencies.
I discussed the need to confront ISIS on CNN's State of the Union with Candy Crowley on Sunday. Watch here: 
ISIS is a vicious, brutal terrorist group with the aim of attacking us. It must be confronted. My op-ed in USA TODAY:
If you missed it, I appeared on NBC’s Meet The Press on Sunday to discuss ISIL and the situation in Ukraine. 
“The gruesome murder of James Foley and the continued acts of terror by ISIL must be met with very serious consequences by the international community. The video leaves absolutely no doubt that ISIL is committed to attacking Americans and our allies."  http://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ffa609a3-237b-4704-969b-84dadc1fbde5
Startling new report details the challenge the U.S. Forest Service faces with the rising costs of fighting wildfires. This USDA report is a reminder that we must reform wildfire funding policy.
At today’s Lake Tahoe Summit, I was joined by an esteemed group of leaders committed to the welfare of Tahoe. This summit injects energy into public-private partnership, which is essential for Tahoe to thrive. Protecting Tahoe includes taking action against climate change—a wide range of problems will occur if we do nothing.
This story in the Los Angeles Times highlights why maintaining and upgrading our roads and bridges is an economic issue.
The U.S. Senate Youth Program is a great chance for students to learn about the federal government.
California water bond will fund storage, levees, watershed restoration and more. I urge voters to approve in November.
I strongly support targeted airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq. It takes an army to defeat an army, and I believe that we either confront ISIL now or we will be forced to deal with an even stronger enemy in the future. Inaction is no longer an option.  http://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=14eeb9b3-93ab-407e-a380-b895faf699ea
Unfortunately, the U.S. Forest Service has been forced to shift funds from fire prevention programs to fight wildfires. Congress must approve emergency funds so we can respond to forest fires, while helping to prevent future fires. http://www.sfgate.com/default/article/Firefighting-costs-draining-money-for-forest-5672673.php 
I received more than 140,000 postcards from Californians who are pledging their support for common-sense laws to reduce gun violence. Thank you to all who expressed views and know that I stand with you in saying #NotOneMore death from gun violence. To learn more about the great work at Everytown for Gun Safety, click here: http://www.everytown.org.
Jim Brady’s death is a loss for the country. He was a great public servant and a tireless advocate for gun safety laws. 
Glad to see California health centers receive additional Affordable Care Act funds for mental health services. #ACAworks
Proud to cosponsor Senator Shaheen's bill to ensure contraceptives for servicewomen and dependents are covered without co-pays. Women covered by Tricare deserve the same health benefits as women covered by private and other public health plans.
More Covered California success. 58% of previously uninsured Californians now have health care coverage. #ACAworks
The 4% increase in GDP is welcome news. I’m committed to supporting policies that would further boost economic growth.
The Senate Intelligence Committee today unanimously advanced the fiscal year 2015 intelligence authorization bill. Next step, full Senate consideration.
The difference between acting now on climate change and waiting may be billions of dollars. Addressing climate change gets 40% more expensive each decade we delay. 
Antibiotic resistance is a big concern. Read my letter with Senator Warren and Senator Gillibrand to FDA on reducing overuse. 
We can’t accept continued delays on train safety systems. Too many train accidents are preventable.
Good reminder in this column: It costs $2.8 mil/year to house each Gitmo detainee—yet another reason to close it.
Brent Scowcroft and I introduced Liz Sherwood-Randall at the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Great pick for Deputy Secretary of Energy.
Federal assistance programs overlook homeless children and families. My bill with Senator Portman fixes this problem.
Important step for Iraq with the election of a new president. An inclusive government is key to Iraq's democracy and the battle against ISIL.
A new report from the Union of Concerned Scientists shows how climate change increases the risk of wildfires in California.
Big step toward equality: Stronger job protections for LGBT workers and contractors in the federal government.
It is past time for Congress to take meaningful action to reduce the threat of cyber attacks. Read my op-ed in the San Jose Mercury News:
This brave Afghan girl offers a lesson about resilience in the face of tragedy. Read her story in the Los Angeles Times:
If you missed it, I appeared on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports this afternoon, to discuss the situation in Ukraine: 
On CNN's State of the Union, I made it clear that those responsible for the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 must be held to account. Watch here:
I’ll sit down with Candy Crowley on CNN's "State of the Union" this Sunday at 9 a.m. EDT to discuss the Malaysian Airlines crash, Ukraine, and Gaza.
Help is on the way from USDA for 73,000 Californians to protect drinking water during this historic drought.
Very excited for the public schools on California military bases receiving Department of Defense modernization grants.
My bill with Senator Ayotte would improve breast cancer detection. Early detection is key. Our bill would empower women to make informed health care decisions when they receive mammogram reports.
Earlier this week, I joined Chief Pimlott of Cal Fire at a Senate Energy & Natural Resources hearing to discuss wildfire funding.
Disappointed a minority of senators blocked a bill to preserve employee health care choices.
I remain focused on protecting a woman’s right to make her own health care choices. Health care decisions should be made by women and their doctors. Employers should not interfere.
Californians are ahead of the curve when it comes to using electric vehicles.
New UC Davis report highlights drought’s harrowing effects on California economy. These negative effects cannot be ignored. I’m working with other California members to limit catastrophic harm. 
Senate confirms Norman Bay and Cheryl LaFleur to FERC. They bring strong experience to energy regulation. 
A special congratulations to UCSF, UCLA and Cedars-Sinai medical centers—ranked among top hospitals in the country by U.S. News and World Report.
New report details the dangers of climate change inaction.
Percentage of Californians without health insurance has been cut in half since health care reform. 
Matt Olsen’s service as director of the National Counterterrorism Center has been exemplary. He will be missed. 
Talks on Ontario Int’l Airport are key to ensure Inland Empire residents benefit from a fully functional airport.
The Senate Judiciary Committee today considered a campaign finance constitutional amendment to protect the integrity of elections.
Cutting edge research at Livermore Lab could help restore memory function for those with traumatic brain injuries.
Proud to cosponsor legislation introduced by Senator Murray to ensure employees can make their own health care choices.
Senate Intelligence Committee today approved legislation to curb dangerous cyber attacks.
Shipping oil by rail is a critical public safety issue. Read more in the Los Angeles Times:
In striving to be a leading employer of veterans, Tesla will be assembling a top-notch team. 
Had a great meeting with cancer survivors and advocates from One Voice Against Cancer. Very inspiring. We talked about the need to increase support for federal cancer research and prevention programs. Thanks for coming in.
Keep up the good work. Contributions from high-tech California companies are vital to NASA goals. 
ISIL is a vicious and savage group that aspires to attack U.S. interests. We cannot allow this to happen. To help counter the very real threat of ISIL, Iraqi Prime Minister Maliki needs to go. Read my op-ed in Politico Magazine:
Expanding Yosemite would benefit Californians and the park. Read about it in the San Jose Mercury News:
My letter with Senator Flake and 40 other senators calls on the White House to counter misinformation about immigration laws.
Today is International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. We must prevent and treat abuse, as well as prosecute traffickers. 
The Senate passed bipartisan immigration reform 365 days ago. I remain committed to finding solutions. We can’t wait any longer to take action.
I am disappointed San Francisco missed the opportunity to house the George Lucas Museum. The City would have benefited.
Key federal court decisions today on gay marriage, including 1st Appeals Court decision since SCOTUS struck down DOMA. The march continues!
The humanitarian crisis caused by the surge of unaccompanied children crossing the border has generated significant media coverage in recent weeks. Read my op-ed in the Los Angeles Times about how we can address this heartbreaking crisis.  http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-feinstein-child-immigrants-20140624-story.html
Yesterday, I joined Candy Crowley on CNN's State of the Union to discuss Iraq and the threat posed by ISIL. Watch here:
Great meeting this week with Adm. Cecil Haney, commander of U.S. Strategic Command, about nuclear deterrence and disarmament.
I agree with the Department of Justice. It’s time to repeal DOMA and ensure equality for all marriages.
On World Refugee Day, let’s remember the daily suffering faced by millions of refugees and renew our vow to help them. 
I joined Senator Booker and 9 other senators to introduce an amendment to help prevent truck driver fatigue and save lives. 
The president's decision to expand marine sanctuaries is an important step in preserving the health of our oceans. 
The sharing of cybersecurity threat information between private sector and government is vital to U.S. security.
Television set-top boxes are massive energy hogs. It’s time to find efficient alternatives.
Great news coming from the CSU system! Number of uninsured students drops by 60%. Covered California is a national leader for enrollment.
We must remain focused on reducing sexual assaults on college campuses—trivializing the issue is counterproductive.
During LGBT Pride Month, we celebrate the progress we’ve made and are reminded of the work still left to do.
Senate came together today to pass bill reducing VA wait times, increasing accountability. Must fix these problems.
Truck drivers work long hours under tough circumstances. We must help ensure proper rest periods to counter fatigue.
Just returned from the Senate floor after voting to give students a fair shot at the future. I'm disappointed the Bank on Students Act was blocked. This bill is critical for borrowers with enormous debt.
Sobering data from Pew Research on the increasing number of unaccompanied children crossing the border. We must help.
The increase in measles and whooping cough cases shows just how important vaccinations are. 
In case you missed it, yesterday I discussed the release of Sgt. Bergdahl on CBS’s Face The Nation. Watch here:
This past Friday, I discussed the release of Sgt. Bergdahl on Bloomberg's Political Capital with Al Hunt. Watch here:
Approximately 1.2 million Californians older than 40 are paying off student loans. Far too many. The numbers are staggering.
Watch my opening statement from yesterday’s Intelligence Committee hearing on FISA reform. 
In May, we raised $103,710 for breast cancer research through U.S. Postal Service stamps. Each stamp purchase helps the fight. 
70 years since Allied troops fought valiantly on the beaches of Normandy. Your bravery will never be forgotten. 
I spoke Wednesday about easing student loan debt and closing gender pay gaps with my Democratic women colleagues. 
Sylvia Mathews Burwell confirmed as Secretary of Health and Human Services. She’s a leader, a problem solver and just what we need. 
Today, we remember the brave individuals who stood up for freedom and dignity in Tiananmen Square. My statement: 
Let your voice be heard. If you believe student loan debt is a problem we can’t ignore, sign this petition: 
Clean Power Plan encourages other states to follow California’s example and act on climate change. 
High-quality education is crucial. I welcome the Zuckerbergs’ support for a stronger education system in California.
As college graduates turn their eyes toward establishing careers, here are some tips to keep in mind for that first job:
We must do more for our veterans. Veterans Affairs accountability means more housing and jobs, faster health care and benefits. They deserve nothing less.
Worked with Senator Isakson and 43 colleagues to encourage a prompt coverage decision on lung cancer screenings for seniors on Medicare.
America lost a truly inspirational voice today. May Maya Angelou’s words and her example continue to inspire generations to come.
Good news: USDA will expedite food safety standards for Campylobacter, Salmonella. We must reduce foodborne illness. 
My resolution with Senator Isakson recognizing May as Cancer Research Month passed yesterday. Thank you to all who devote so much time to cancer research—many lives have been saved.
Elated that the Senate passed the California drought relief bill! We must take action to address California's historic drought.
Glad to see my friend and colleague Harvey Milk honored today. Read my statement here:
A range of different groups come together on Klamath Basin proposals. Great to see compromise on difficult issue.
Spoke at the Climate Action Rally today. We need everyone’s help to get Congress to deal with climate change.
Thrilled about LA Metro's Purple Line extension. Today’s signing ceremony locks in the Purple Line's $1.25 billion share of federal grant funding.
Being prepared can be the difference between your home surviving a wildfire. Cal Fire’s website is extremely helpful.
On Sunday, I appeared on CNN's State of the Union to discuss the Benghazi attacks, Nigeria, the NSA and other issues. Watch here:
As chairman of the Senate International Narcotics Control Caucus, I strongly believe we must combat prescription abuse. 
The efforts by those fighting the San Diego County fires are greatly appreciated.
I met today with members of the California Farm Bureau to discuss how to address the ongoing drought and other issues.
Children and young adults of Los Angeles looking for summer programs—here’s a one-stop shop with some great options!
San Diego fires are dangerous—stay safe, follow evacuation orders. I’m very concerned & continue to monitor situation.
Small businesses provide a foundation for our economy AND our community and deserve our support.
Great work being done at UC San Diego. This liver-like device removes toxins from blood, has the potential to save many lives. 
Keep an eye out for "Homegrown by Heroes", a new labeling program for food produced or grown by vets. More info here:
Add your name to the list of Americans who support giving young adults a fair shot at paying back student loans. 
Met with a group of very energetic and engaged Californians this morning. Thanks for coming in!
If you missed it, I appeared on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports to discuss Boko Haram and the kidnapping in Nigeria. Watch here: 
Important to recognize the contributions that small businesses make to California, including 52% of jobs. 
WATCH LIVE: I’m chairing a Senate Drug Caucus hearing on heroin and prescription drug abuse.
It’s National Small Business Week. Learn how you can participate below:
With tuition rising and student loan debt exploding, Congress needs to take action to give all students and graduates a fair shot.
In honor of National Police Week, be sure to thank law enforcement officers in your community for their tireless work. 
Join me today in celebrating the strength and character of military spouses—our heroes on the homefront.
This month we recognize the contributions made by our country’s vibrant Asian American & Pacific Islander community.
School choice is vital and charter schools are a big part of that—join me in recognizing National Charter Schools Week!
Bringing the Lucas Museum to San Francisco would be great for the City—a boon for art, education and tourism.
Read my letter asking the Department of Defense to halt changes to the way the National Guard conducts firefighting missions.
Proud to see my alma mater taking the lead on this very important issue.
Talking with Californians is a great way to start my day. This morning, I met with 150 to talk about key issues.
I support whatever actions are necessary to locate, capture & eliminate the Nigerian kidnappers.
Proud of the supermoms today as they bring the issue of antibiotic resistance to the forefront.
Quite a thrill to meet with Bill Nye the Science Guy to talk space exploration and science education. Thanks for visiting!
Climate report: Extreme temperature increases in store if we sit on our hands.
Climate report: If we don’t reduce emissions, drought conditions will be the new normal. Be sure to read the report below.
Great meeting with the Sacramento Metro Chamber on water policy, innovation, higher education and international trade.
Glad to see high school graduation rates among Hispanic students are at an all-time high. I think the following resources are especially helpful for Hispanic students hoping to take the next step.
Help our foster youth find their forever families and make lasting connections. May is National Foster Care Month.
More than 1.4 million Californians signed up for new health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Check out your options on Covered California's website.
Good news! Cynthia Bashant confirmed for California’s Southern District Court. She has been a real leader in San Diego. 
If natural disaster strikes, do you have an action plan? Find out how you can prepare here:
Senate confirmed California’s Michelle Friedland to the Ninth Circuit court, which now has a full complement of 29 judges.
Get outside for National Park Week. Visit Half Dome at Yosemite National Park—4,737 ft high from the bottom of Yosemite Valley!
VETERANS: The Department of Veterans Affairs has launched a one-stop shop with job opportunities for returning service members. Be sure to visit!
This week is National Volunteer Week. Plenty of opportunities available to help make your community a better place.
I enjoyed having breakfast today with 150 Californians. Health care, equal pay for equal work and California water were among the topics of discussion.
April is National Child Abuse Prevention Month. Numerous resources available to ensure a child’s safety and security. 
Read my statement on the Intelligence Committee’s vote to declassify the CIA detention and interrogation study.
I believe that competition is key to bringing down the cost of space launch. Read my letter to the Department of Defense: 
Watch me talk about the missing Malaysian airliner, Ukraine and U.S. intelligence programs on CNN's State of the Union with Candy Crowley.
Today we honor Cesar Chavez, a champion for workers and an inspiration for improving human rights worldwide.
Good news from the FDA. Drug companies agree to limit antibiotic use in agriculture. 
Senate today advanced nomination of Judge Owens for the 9th circuit. Vote on final confirmation scheduled next week. 
50 years ago, a tsunami from the Great Alaska Quake killed 12 in Crescent City, Calif. Remembering the lives lost.
Very proud of LA’s Maria Contreras-Sweet. She has all the right tools to be an effective leader at the Small Business Administration. 
The Supreme Court today voted unanimously to strengthen law preventing those convicted of domestic violence from having guns. 
Another senior al-Qaeda figure convicted on conspiracy to kill Americans. I expect Abu Ghayth will spend the rest of his life in federal prison with other terrorists.
Veterans must beware of predatory lending scams targeting those receiving GI Bill benefits. Report incidents here: 
Read my statement on proposed reforms to the NSA call records program.
Ran into Stephen Curry during the Bay Area Council meeting at  Warriors HQ in Oakland. Great win last night vs. Milwaukee. Let's go Warriors!
Happening today: The president will award Medals of Honor to 24 vets—six with California ties. Thank you for your bravery and patriotism.
I spoke on the Senate floor last week as part of the Senate Democrats all-nighter on climate change.
Congratulations to Redding’s Debbie Sprague, who was selected as the 2014 Elizabeth Dole Foundation veteran caregiver fellow for California. 
Veterans deserve to have their voices heard. My bill improves voter registration services for service members. 
I spoke on the floor of the Senate about the Intelligence Committee’s 6,300 page CIA Detention and Interrogation study.
FERC takes an important first step to guard against attacks on the electric grid—like the one that nearly knocked out a substation in San Jose.
Glad the Senate passed a resolution I cosponsored honoring World Wildlife Day. It is important we protect the world's biodiversity.
I'm pleased with the Army Corps of Engineers work plan. $370 million for vital California infrastructure projects.
I discussed economic development issues with the San Bernardino County Board of Supervisors today. Very productive meeting.
Read my statement on the situation in Ukraine: 
I'm grateful the White House used California flowers (the very best!) at the recent State Dinner for the French President.
I had a great meeting with Ellen Saracini, the widow of Captain Saracini of United Flight 175. I'm happy to cosponsor important cockpit security legislation.
St. Anthony’s soup kitchen is a very special place. Since 1950, 40 million meals have been served. A big help to the community. 
California’s Metrolink is the first commuter rail system in the United States to use lifesaving positive train control (PTC) technology.
President Obama raised minimum wage today for federal contractors. We shouldn't stop there. Congress should increase minimum wage for all workers.
8% of the 470,000 African elephants are poached illegally each year. Read my statement on a new national strategy to end wildlife trafficking:
I introduced a bill today that provides sensible and levelheaded assistance to drought stricken areas.
This is long overdue. It is time to act on housing for homeless vets in Los Angeles. Our veterans deserve better.
Good luck to all our U.S. Olympic athletes competing in Sochi - including 20 from California. I know you’ll make us proud.
I discussed terror threats and safety at the Sochi Olympics on CNN's 'The Lead with Jake Tapper'. Watch here: 
The Farm Bill creates a safety net for California dairy farmers by offering support when feed prices high/milk prices low. 
This picture explains the water crisis in California. Snowpack in Sierras at 12% normal level.
The farm bill contains much-needed assistance for California farmers, ranchers and producers. The Senate should act soon. 
"The president delivered a hopeful speech that should serve as a rallying cry for the American people and send a direct message to Congress: Stop the political posturing and come together to get this economy moving for all Americans."
I appeared on MSNBC's 'Andrea Mitchell Reports' to discuss the Sochi Olympics, NSA programs and the president's State of the Union address.
I discussed the future of NSA programs on NBC's Meet the Press with Rep. Mike Rogers on Sunday.
The Senate Intelligence Committee released its declassified bipartisan report on the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack. 
I've been privileged to work with Hillary Clinton, one of the most talented, impressive women I’ve ever known.
Twenty years ago, the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act became the law of the land, requiring background checks on all gun sales by licensed dealers. But the law does not require background checks on the estimated 40 percent of gun transfers made between private parties.
I was on CNN's State of the Union with Candy Crowley on Sunday to talk about the global threat of terrorism.
Read my statement on the Iranian nuclear agreement:
My thanks to Mayor Reed and the City of San Jose for hosting the new Patent and Trade Silicon Valley satellite office in San Jose City Hall. Opening this office in the middle of Silicon Valley, the highest patent-producing area in the country, was the logical choice.
Proud to support ENDA in the Senate today—an overdue piece of civil rights legislation to end workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
I’m thrilled to have this group of smart, engaged California students interning in my Washington office this fall.
I’ll be on CBS Face the Nation Sunday at 10:30 a.m. EST to discuss NSA programs and the Affordable Care Act.
A government shutdown makes no sense. It could cost the economy billions and punishes people who rely on government services. It will delay military pay and hurt military families across California.
I chaired a Drug Caucus hearing on dangerous synthetic drugs such as molly, K2, spice & “bath salts.”
It’s time to bring our railroad safety systems into the 21st century. Read my op-ed with National Transportation Safety Board Chairman Deborah Hersman in the Ventura County Star.
PHOTO: Today I met a group of very smart 8th graders from my alma mater, Convent of the Sacred Heart, who are visiting DC this week.
PHOTO: I hosted a Senate Cancer Coalition forum on next-generation cancer treatments.
Watch the recent Senate Cancer Coalition forum on innovative treatment options.
I had the privilege of meeting a very impressive Californian—Yossymar Rojas, this year’s Boys and Girls Clubs of America’s Pacific Youth of the Year. Not only was Yossy the first in his family to graduate high school, he was class valedictorian.
WATCH NOW: I’m hosting a Senate Cancer Coalition forum on innovative cancer treatment options.
I mourn those killed today in Washington and send my thoughts and prayers to those grieving the loss of loved ones.
We remember—and will never forget—the victims of 9/11. God bless America.
This new Breast Cancer Fund report on prenatal exposure to the harmful chemical BPA is a wake-up call to get BPA out of canned food. My bill requires companies to inform consumers when food packaging contains BPA.
Behind the scenes: Media interview following a Senate Intelligence Committee briefing on chemical weapons attacks in Syria.
On the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, we honor the legacy of Dr. King and continue working to realize his dream of equality.
Spoke today at the 17th annual Tahoe Summit on the need to restore and protect Lake Tahoe Basin for future generations.
Holding detainees on an island off U.S. shores for years — without charge — is an abomination. It is not an effective administration of justice, does not serve our national security interests and is not consistent with our country's history as a champion of human rights. It is time to close Guantanamo.
DOJ will now collect data on hate crimes against Sikhs, Hindus, Arab Americans and others. Senator Durbin and I first urged this after the Oak Creek shooting.
6000 homeless veterans in Los Angeles is a disgrace, but a problem we can do something about. Today the VA is making a commitment to new housing, medical outreach and additional services for the more than 6,000 homeless veterans in Los Angeles.
Just introduced a bill with Senator Reid, Senator Heller and Senator Boxer to restore and protect Lake Tahoe Basin. The Lake Tahoe Restoration Act authorizes $415M to improve water clarity, reduce wildfire threat and combat invasive species.
Asking Defense Secretary Hagel to transfer excess military planes to the Forest Service to fight wildfires.
Important step forward yesterday on nuclear waste legislation. This bill creates a comprehensive policy for safe storage and disposal of radioactive waste.
Despite these real threats that our intelligence programs seek to thwart, I intend to work with members of the Senate intelligence and judiciary committees to consider changes to the NSA call-records program in an effort to increase transparency and improve privacy protections.
VIDEO: Yesterday I was on CNN State of the Union to discuss developments in Egypt, NSA and the Federal Reserve.
The U.S. has no facility to consolidate spent nuclear fuel, leaving fuel rods stored at commercial nuclear facilities around the country, including states like California that are at risk of earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters.
I’m lucky to have these smart California students interning in my DC office this summer.
Last year Californians faced a gasoline price spike that forced commuters to pay hundreds of dollars to fill up their tanks. My amendment requires FTC and CFTC to coordinate energy market oversight to protect Californians from these unexplained price spikes.
This is a major breakthrough, and I commend Secretary Kerry for his tireless efforts and his relentless commitment to diplomacy. No foreign policy challenge is more critical to our collective security than securing a lasting peace agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians.
Traffickers of dangerous synthetic drugs continue to circumvent federal law by altering the chemical structure of their products and finding new markets for distribution, particularly among young people.
Working to jumpstart a patent and trademark office in Silicon Valley. Eight of the top 10 patent-producing cities in are located in California.
Cluster munitions are indiscriminate, unreliable and pose an unacceptable danger to U.S. forces and civilians alike. The U.S. government’s cluster munitions policy is outdated and should be immediately reviewed.
Today the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission stood up for California’s consumers and ratepayers, using authorities I fought for in 2005. This record fine—$453 million and the surrender of $34.9 million in profit—results from FERC catching Barclays manipulating our power markets for more than two years.
California has the most at stake in any immigration reform debate. We are home to nearly a quarter of the nation’s undocumented immigrant population – more than any other state. Our constituents and our communities are ready and waiting for reform.
A powerful piece from the Brookings Institution on Sandy Hook family advocates and the road to end gun violence in America.
Janet Napolitano will make a fine president of the University of California. I welcome her to California and look forward to a new constituent.
Urging President Obama to swiftly implement the Supreme Court's DOMA decision to ensure that legally-married, same-sex couples are treated equally under Federal law regardless of where they live, to the greatest extent possible.
As the United States prepares to wind down military operations in Afghanistan, we must not withdraw support for one of the most critical efforts to ensure security and stability in the region: the decade-long effort to curtail the Afghan drug trade.
It's time to end unnecessary force-feeding at Guantanamo and imperative the administration outline a formal process to permanently close the the facility.
"[Sen. Dianne Feinstein's] new bill, the Preventing Antibiotic Resistance Act of 2013, is smart, sensible, cautiously written and has plenty of support - more than 375 groups, ranging from the American Medical Association to the Infectious Diseases Society of America, have signed on."
I'm so pleased that California's budget provides $15 million/year to UC Riverside Medical School, the first new public medical school on the West Coast in 50 years.
I was thrilled to see marriage equality return to California this weekend as the first gay couples received marriage licenses.
I was proud to cast my vote today on the Senate’s comprehensive immigration reform bill, legislation to finally address our broken immigration system.
Today I joined a bipartisan group of senators to introduce a bill establishing a comprehensive nuclear waste policy.
Just introduced legislation to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act. This bill is necessary for full equality after today’s Supreme Court decision.
As author of the bill to repeal the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act, I am thrilled by today’s Supreme Court decision. Because of inequities in the administration of more than 1,100 federal laws affected by DOMA, it is still necessary to introduce legislation to strike this law once and for all. I will introduce that legislation today with 39 cosponsors in the Senate.  As a Californian, I am also thrilled by the Supreme Court’s decision on Proposition 8. Marriage equality will finally be restored in California.
I strongly disagree with the Supreme Court's decision to limit the Voting Rights Act. By invalidating a key piece of the law, the Supreme Court departed from settled precedent and dealt a real setback for voting rights in this country.
VIDEO: Yesterday I was on Face The Nation to discuss NSA programs and national security.
During our visit to the prison, we were briefed on the Department of Defense policies regarding forced-feedings and I remain concerned that these policies are out of step with international norms, medical ethics and practices of the U.S. Bureau of Prisons.
I support the president’s call to renew negotiations with Russia to reduce deployed strategic nuclear weapons by one-third, from 1,550 to around 1,000.
Immigration reform is good for our economy: the Congressional Budget Office finds it would reduce budget deficits by $197 billion over the next decade, $700 billion in the second decade.
"Individuals (who) steal firearms are more likely to commit violent crimes with stolen guns, transfer stolen firearms to others who commit crimes and create an unregulated secondary market for firearms''
It's been six months since the tragic shooting at Newtown, and one week since five were killed at Santa Monica College. It's time to get weapons of war off our streets.
The message is clear: We must do more to prepare for increasingly harmful dry years by capturing more water in wet years. In short, California needs a lot more water storage – and we need it now.
Scientific evidence continues to mount that BPA exposure is a risk to human health, especially for children. Therefore, it is essential that consumers know what chemicals are in the products they purchase.
Just back from Guantanamo with Senator McCain and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough.
I firmly believe this is the right thing to do for the more than 7 million Californians who live within 50 miles of San Onofre.
Attacking wildfires at night from the air—when temperatures and winds are down and humidity is up—is an important tool, so resumption of Forest Service flights comes not a moment too soon. As California grows hotter and dryer, we must make every effort to quickly contain wildfires, and nighttime aerial firefighting is a big part of that effort.
Judiciary Committee passes the comprehensive immigration reform bill 13-5. Next step, Senate floor.
Californian Sally Ride, the first female astronaut, will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. She was a hero and a role model to young women.
There were 26,000 cases of sexual assault in our armed forces last year. One in five female servicemembers report unwanted sexual contact during their service. We need a zero-tolerance policy for sexual assault and violence in our armed forces.
I met this week with British Prime Minister David Cameron to talk about national security and the US-UK partnership.
VIDEO: Yesterday I was on Meet the Press and talked about the Benghazi attacks, immigration reform and sexual assault in the military.
I’ll be on Meet the Press this Sunday with David Gregory to discuss the Benghazi attacks and national security.
"Supporters on the Senate Judiciary Committee beat back GOP efforts to substantially change the immigration legislation."
I'm grateful to the dedicated teachers in California and across the country who are making a difference this National Teacher Day.
“Before Obama's news conference, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) had urged the administration to renew its efforts to transfer from Guantanamo the 86 inmates cleared for release three years ago by an interagency task force. Obama should do so, ideally with congressional cooperation but unilaterally if necessary.”
“Drug traffickers are motivated by one thing: money. The illicit proceeds from their crimes are blood money, and blood money has no place in our financial system.”
“I would like to ask that the Administration review the status of the 86 detainees who were cleared for transfer in the past and let me know if there are suitable places to continue to hold or resettle these detainees either in their home countries or third countries.”
Today I introduced a bill to create a national cage size standard for the humane treatment of egg-laying hens.
Read my statement on Syria and chemical weapons.
Today Senator Boxer and I introduced a bill to expand and protect the western boundaries of Yosemite National Park—a true national treasure.
VIDEO: I was on Fox News Sunday to discuss the Boston terror attacks.
I agree with the decision to try Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in federal criminal court, where he’s very likely to provide intelligence and receive a severe sentence.
Full day of Judiciary Committee hearings today on immigration legislation.
Disappointed by today’s assault weapons vote, but knew this was an uphill battle. I will carry on the fight against these weapons of war.
PHOTO: I met with actress and child health advocate Jennifer Beals on the dangers of toxic chemicals in children’s products.
I am currently speaking on the Senate floor on my assault weapons legislation. Watch on www.c-span.org.
I’m lucky to have a talented group of students interning in my Washington office and learning how Congress works.
VIDEO: I started the day with Morning Joe. Had a good conversation on gun violence and the assault weapons ban. Watch HERE:
VIDEO: I joined MSNBC's The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell last night to discuss my assault weapons legislation. Watch HERE:
Today is Equal Pay Day. California women make only 85 cents for every dollar made by a man for equal work. It’s time to end the gender wage gap.
Lady Thatcher was an invaluable ally to the United States and the very definition of a strong leader who redefined politics for generations of women.
I am pleased more of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle support marriage equality. It's time to repeal the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act.
I am proud to support marriage equality and equal rights as the Supreme Court hears challenges to Proposition 8 and the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act #UnitedforMarriage   
FACT: The Affordable Care Act has saved Californians on Medicare $453.8 million on prescription drug costs.
FACT: The Affordable Care Act provides 435,000 young adults in California with access to health insurance.
Read my op-ed in the Los Angeles Times about bringing Al Qaeda terrorists to justice in federal criminal court:
The Affordable Care Act turns 3 years old this week. Here’s how it benefits California:
VIDEO: I joined Wolf Blitzer on CNN's The Situation Room last night to discuss my assault weapons bill and gun violence. Watch HERE:
I will join CNN's The Situation Room at 5:50 p.m. ET to discuss assault weapons.
PHOTO: Met with Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg yesterday. We need more women leaders like her.
The Senate Judiciary Committee passed the Assault Weapons Ban today—a big step to get weapons of war off our streets.
PHOTO: At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence. We'll be voting on my assault weapons bill.
I’m fighting to prevent egregious health insurance rate hikes in California and across the country. Read more HERE:
PHOTO: THANK YOU to Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America for coming to Washington and standing up for common sense gun laws.
I enjoyed speaking to the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce this morning about cybersecurity, assault weapons and the effects of sequestration on Los Angeles.
Chaired a Senate Intelligence hearing this morning on worldwide threats. Read my opening statement here:
Read about the effort to get weapons of war off our streets in today’s Sacramento Bee HERE:
Chairing a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing right now on worldwide threats with the Director of National Intelligence, the CIA, the FBI and the Department of Defense.
VIDEO: I joined Hardball with Chris Matthews yesterday to discuss John Brennan, the CIA and drones. Watch HERE:
VIDEO: I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about the nomination of John Brennan as CIA director and drones. Watch HERE:
I'm joining Hardball with Chris Matthews at 5 p.m. ET to talk about John Brennan, the CIA and drones.
Good news: President Obama has signed a new Violence Against Women Act into law, which protects ALL women from domestic violence.
The Senate Judiciary Committee is debating the Assault Weapons Ban and other gun safety legislation today.
PHOTO: Behind the scenes after today's Intelligence Committee vote on the nomination of John Brennan as CIA director:
Senate Intelligence Committee approves John Brennan for CIA director.
The Senate should confirm Caitlin Halligan for the D.C. Circuit Court. She is a well-qualified candidate with bipartisan support.
I agree with Captain Mark Kelly: we must close the gun show loophole and stop criminals from getting weapons without a background check.
I was proud to lead a group of 40 senators—joined by 172 members of the House—urging the Supreme Court to strike down the unjust, discriminatory and unconstitutional Defense of Marriage Act.
PHOTO: Behind the scenes last night when I joined Piers Morgan Tonight to talk about assault weapons.
Good news! The House finally passed the Violence Against Women Act. Everyone deserves protection from domestic violence.
VIDEO: Spoke to Piers Morgan Tonight last night about assault weapons. WATCH HERE:
Held a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing yesterday on assault weapons, gun violence. Read more about it HERE:
PHOTO: Behind the scenes before yesterday’s Judiciary Committee on assault weapons.
I will be joining Piers Morgan Tonight at 9 p.m. EST on CNN to discuss my assault weapons bill and sequestration.
PHOTO: Last witnesses at today’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on assault weapons.
PHOTO: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on assault weapons right now. Tune in here: http://cs.pn/YzEGPt
RIGHT NOW: Tune in to the Judiciary Committee hearing on my assault weapons bill on C-SPAN HERE:
I was honored to receive the Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life with U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham earlier today.
I will hold a Judiciary Committee hearing tomorrow on my assault weapons bill. It’s time to get weapons of war off our streets.
VIDEO: I joined Andrea Mitchell Reports today to discuss Syria, cybersecurity and gun safety. Watch HERE:
Read my op-ed and learn the truth about my assault weapons bill. There will be no confiscations, no registration. No legally owned weapons will be taken. None.
I am proud to get a 100% rating from the League of Conservation Voters for my work to protect our environment.
The looming sequester will have serious consequences to jobs, the economy, education, health/safety and national security. We must act.
Today's sobering report on the Chinese military’s efforts to hack American targets shows an urgent need for cyber security legislation.
This Valentine’s Day, I’m sending love and support to Newtown. Join me and the #1MillionHearts and send a valentine to the Sandy Hook community:
I met with One Million Moms for Gun Control this morning. Thank you for all the hard work (and for my valentines)! Keep it up.
President Obama is right: Americans deserve a vote. Gabrielle Giffords deserves a vote. The families of Sandy Hook, Aurora and Oak Creek deserve a vote.
886 mayors across the United States have endorsed the Assault Weapons Ban. It’s time to act.
I just left the State of the Union. The president covered some very important topics tonight.
February is Black History Month, a time to celebrate the contributions of African Americans to American history and culture. Today is we also mark the anniversary of the NAACP. Happy 104th birthday!
I'm proud the Senate passed the Violence Against Women Act. It's time for the House to act—domestic & sexual violence are not partisan issues.
PHOTO: Josh Stepakoff, my State of the Union guest, was only 6 when he was wounded by an assault weapon in a 1999 shooting in Los Angeles.
Bumpfire replacement stocks allow semi-autos to reach fully automatic rates of fire. They should be outlawed.
Gave Baltimore Ravens fans U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski and Senator Ben Cardin their winnings from Senator Barbara Boxer and my Super Bowl bet. Next year, San Francisco 49ers!
I am glad the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act passed its first Senate hurdle on Monday. We should pass it immediately.
Making an impact: 47 faith groups joined together to make more than 10,000 calls to senators during the Interfaith Call-In Day to Prevent Gun Violence.
Read my statement on the Justice Department’s “Lawfulness of Lethal Operation” memo:
Go San Francisco 49ers!
Congratulations to National Medal of Technology and Innovation recipients Dr. Frances Arnold of California Institute of Technology and Dr. Art Rosenfeld of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory!
The public supports an assault weapons ban—doctors, teachers, law enforcement, religious leaders, mayors. It’s time for Washington to follow suit.
VIDEO: I joined Wolf Blitzer on CNN's The Situation Room last night to talk about my assault weapons bill. Watch HERE:
FACT: After the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban expired, 37% of police departments reported an increase in criminal use of assault weapons.
FACT: 69% of Americans support a ban on assault weapons. Now is the time to stand up and get weapons of war off our streets.
Important Judiciary Committee hearing today on preventing gun violence. We must do something.  I agree with Gabrielle Giffords and Captain Mark Kelly: “Too many children are dying. We must do something” about gun violence.
Secretary Hillary Clinton was an exceptional Secretary of State and a great public servant. Thank you for your service!
Congratulations to new Secretary of State John Kerry. I can think of no one more qualified and better prepared  to be our nation's chief diplomat.
FACT: A Department of Justice study found that the 1994 Assault Weapons was responsible for a 6.7% DECREASE in total gun murders.
California women make an average of 14% less than California men. Let’s close the wage gap and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act! 1.usa.gov/14qHpyd
VIDEO: I spoke with Bob Schieffer on Face The Nation yesterday about gun policy. Watch here:
VIDEO: I joined Candy Crowley on CNN State of the Union yesterday to talk about my assault weapons bill. Watch here:
Senator Barbara Boxer and I just bet Senator Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski that the San Francisco 49ers will beat the Baltimore Ravens in the Super Bowl. Go 49ers!
I’m joining Candy Crowley on CNN State of the Union tomorrow at 9 a.m. EST. I will speak with Bob Schieffer on Face The Nation at 10 a.m. EST about gun policy and getting weapons of war off our streets.
PHOTO: Behind the scenes at my assault weapons press conference earlier this week. Weapons of war do not belong on our streets.
PHOTO: I spoke at a press conference about my assault weapons bill earlier today. This will be an uphill battle, but it’s one worth waging.
Thanks to Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy, Senator Dick Durbin, Senator Chuck Schumer, Senator Richard Blumenthal, Senator Christopher Murphy, Congressman Ed Perlmutter, Congresswoman Elizabeth Esty, Mayor Michael Nutter, Commissioner Ramsey, gun violence victims and others for standing with me to get weapons of war off our streets.
I held a press conference this morning to talk about the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013, a responsible bill that would ban military-style weapons and magazines—tools of war that have killed hundreds of innocent Americans.  The bill will ban the weapon that killed 27 people—including 20 children—in Newtown. It also bans the high-capacity magazines used in the shootings in Aurora, Colo. and Tuscon, Ariz.   But I need your help. Click SHARE to spread the word.   Let’s get weapons of war off our streets.
About to introduce my assault weapons legislation. Weapons of war do not belong on our streets.   Follow #AWB2013 on Twitter to follow the conversation.
Tomorrow I will introduce my assault weapons legislation.   Weapons of war do not belong on our streets.
Today is the 40th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s historic Roe v. Wade decision.   We must protect a woman’s right to choose.
Met with some smart students from my alma mater, Convent of the Sacred Heart High School, this morning. Enjoy your trip to Washington!
Celebrating the second Inauguration of President Obama today in Washington.
Today we remember the life and legacy of a man who changed America—Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I spoke to the The United States Conference of Mayors about gun violence this morning.
I have deep respect and admiration for President Obama and Vice President Biden for the comprehensive and commonsense gun safety reforms they outlined this morning.                   I support the president’s call to reinstate the ban on assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines. He was exactly right when he said ‘weapons designed for the theater of war have no place’ in our society. I couldn’t agree more. These weapons have one purpose: to kill the most people in the shortest amount of time possible.
FACT: 40% of gun sales in the United States—including assault weapons—occur without background checks.   It’s time to act and stop gun violence.
We hear you and we won’t forget you, Sandy Hook. Make the Sandy Hook Promise and honor the 26 lives lost one month ago today.
Sorry to hear that my good friend Senator Jay Rockefeller—a great senator for West Virginia—will retire at the end of his term.  He will be missed.
I commend Governor Andrew Cuomo for proposing an assault weapons bill to fight gun violence in New York.   He is right: “enough is enough.”
Another tragic shooting today at Taft Union High School in Taft, California—my father’s high school.   My thoughts and prayers are with the victims.
2012 was the hottest year on record in the contiguous United States. Climate change is real and Congress must act.
We MUST do something to prevent gun violence. Inaction is not an option—lives are at stake.   Click SHARE if you agree.
Two years ago, Gabrielle Giffords and 18 other innocents were shot in Tucson. Read her and Captain Mark Kelly's op-ed about gun violence:
John Brennan has the qualifications and expertise to be the next CIA Director.    As a 25-year veteran of the CIA, he has longstanding knowledge of the operations of this critical agency and also the strength to see that it follows the law.  He has a long and distinguished career in intelligence and national security, and I believe he will be a strong and positive director.
I am pleased to support Chuck Hagel to be the next Secretary of Defense.   I served with Senator Hagel during his two terms in the U.S. Senate, and found him to be a knowledgeable and independent voice with a strong grasp of the pressing national security issues facing our country. In addition to his service in the Senate, Senator Hagel served with distinction as a sergeant in the U.S. Army where he earned two Purple Hearts.
PHOTO: Proud to take the oath of office with Vice President Joe Biden for another term representing California in the U.S. Senate.
VIDEO: I joined the historic number of women senators (20!) for an interview with ABC News.    I am so proud to be part of the largest group of women senators in the history of the United States.   WATCH HERE:
Read this moving op-ed by an ER doctor on the everyday horrors of gun violence.
Just sworn in as senator for the 113th Congress. I am honored to serve the people of California for another term.
I’m glad the fiscal cliff deal prevents a tax increase for 98 percent of Americans and extends important unemployment insurance for 2 million people--including 362,000 Californians  I am hopeful this strong bipartisan vote will set a trend of more cooperation in the new year.
Wishing you a happy and safe 2013!
