Less than a week after Wall Street slipped a bailout provision written by Citigroup into the government spending bill, the Fed has given the big banks another victory. Delaying the Volcker Rule is one more giveaway that lets Wall Street have more time to make risky bets using taxpayer-backed money. This is a nice favor for the lobbyists working to slow down the implementation of Dodd-Frank and chip away at critical financial reforms, but it's a bad deal for middle class families and our economy.
Just before the Senate adjourned, I asked for a unanimous consent vote on my Truth in Settlements Act. The bipartisan bill is simple: If the government is going to use settlements to hold corporations accountable – rather than taking them to trial for breaking the law – the government should make the terms of those settlements public. The only group objecting to the bill is the Chamber of Commerce, a powerful lobbying organization for giant corporations, who says that if the public knew those facts, they’d demand more accountability for corporate wrongdoing. (Exactly.) I was disappointed but not surprised that some Senate Republicans objected to the vote. We’ll reintroduce and keep fighting for passage of the Truth in Settlements Act in the next Congress.
It’s time to end the outdated and discriminatory ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Read the letter that Senator Tammy Baldwin, Senator Tom Harkin, Rep Mike Quigley, Rep Barbara Lee, and 75 of our Congressional colleagues sent to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell today.
We were sent to Washington to work for the American people, not Citigroup. Watch the floor speech I just gave here. http://youtu.be/DJpTxONxvoo
In addition to my current committee assignments, I am very pleased to join the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources next year. This committee plays an important role shaping our nation’s energy policy, ensuring the responsible development of our natural resources, and overseeing the management of public lands.
The House is about to vote on a closed-door budget deal that slips in a provision — literally written by Citigroup lobbyists — to let Wall Street derivatives traders once again gamble with our economy. We all need to fight back immediately against this giveaway to the most powerful banks in the country. Share this video with your friends right now to fight back. Congress needs to withhold support of the budget package until this risky giveaway is removed from the legislation.
The findings of the Senate Intelligence Committee's report are deeply troubling. Transparency is the first step toward accountability – to fix our mistakes we need to face them honestly. We must always live up to our nation’s core values to preserve our role as a moral leader in the world, and that means recognizing that torture is never acceptable.
Some opponents of government regulation want to blame drug price increases on the FDA and its safety inspections. That's awfully convenient, but after 30 years of successful cost and quality control, the suggestion that consumers now have to choose between price spikes and drugs that come from dirty facilities contaminated with mold, urine, or glass doesn’t withstand scrutiny. Just yesterday a new Bloomberg report showed how important it is to regulate overseas generic drug manufacturers. Watch our recent hearing:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDyIkG0SUKM
Recent whistleblower reports have confirmed our old suspicion: The Fed is too cozy with the biggest banks on Wall Street to provide the tough oversight that’s needed. Just before the holiday, we held a hearing with NY Federal Reserve President William C. Dudley to discuss the failures at the Fed. The video is now up online – take a look.
I learned the special meaning of “home for the holidays” this week. I’ve been visiting the Middle East, learning first-hand more about the very difficult challenges in the region. I spent time this week with our troops stationed in Amman, Jordan. They are doing incredible work gathering information about the ongoing war in Syria and the dangers facing refugees. They are also working hard -- and quickly -- to strengthen our country’s long-time partnership with Jordan, as our ally takes on a leadership role in fighting ISIL.    When our briefings had concluded, I found the Bay Staters in the group and broke out a special gift: lots of Dunkin Donuts coffee.  They promised to brew it up and to share with those who don’t yet know the New England joys of “coffee regular.”    Wherever you are this Thanksgiving, I hope you have the chance to share a hug with old friends -- and to share a smile with a new friend. I’m deeply grateful for every blessing in my life, including you.
I was proud to vote for bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform in the Senate, but House Republicans have refused to even allow a vote on the bill for over a year. I support the President’s decision to do what he can under the law to keep millions of families together, to help scores of businesses, and to patch up this broken system. Congress still needs to step up – but if Republicans in Congress won’t do their jobs, it’s time for the President to do his.
Last Wednesday, President Obama nominated Antonio Weiss to serve as Under Secretary for Domestic Finance at the Treasury Department. Neither his background nor his professional experience makes Weiss qualified to oversee consumer protection and domestic regulatory functions at the Treasury. Enough is enough.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency is supposed to help underwater homeowners, but for 6 years it has not allowed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to help a single family by reducing the principal on their mortgage. Today I asked the FHFA director: How many more families have to lose their homes before you act?
The Federal Reserve needs governors who will look out for Main Street, not Wall Street. Read my Wall Street Journal op-ed with Sen. Joe Manchin on why the President should use the two Fed vacancies to nominate people who aren’t Wall Street insiders.  http://on.wsj.com/1xi013x
Sen. Tom Harkin, Rep. George Miller, Rep. Rosa DeLauro and I introduced the Schedules that Work Act to give hourly employees more flexibility and certainty at work. That helps both businesses and working families.
Senator Ed Markey and I have introduced a Senate resolution honoring Mayor Tom Menino and celebrating his lifetime of service to the City of Boston.
I just left the Senate Democrats caucus meeting, and I wanted you to know: Harry Reid has asked me to serve as Strategic Policy Advisor to the Democratic Policy and Communications Committee. That’s a fancy way of saying that I’ve been asked to join the Democratic leadership to advocate for policies that will help us build a strong middle class. Real change in Washington is tough, but we're going to keep fighting for what we believe in.
The President’s plan for a free and open Internet is welcome news for all of us who have stood up for truly effective net neutrality rules. But this fight is not over yet - lobbyists and lawyers have been lining up to push back against strong net neutrality rules. It's up to the FCC to do the right thing and adopt the President’s plan as soon as possible so that a handful of companies cannot block or limit or charge access fees for what we do online.
People who work hard and invest to build savings should feel confident that the investment advice they receive is honest and well-intentioned. We need a strong fiduciary rule from the Labor Department and SEC so that brokers cannot push bad investment products that improve their own finances at their clients’ expense.
Today we say goodbye to one of Boston's greatest fighters, Mayor Tom Menino. To share your thoughts, prayers, and memories with Mayor Menino's family, please visit TomMenino.org: http://tommenino.org/photo-gallery/#respond
NA
A new study released this week by Harvard, Syracuse, and Boston Universities finds that pollution-cutting policies like the Obama Administration's Clean Power Plan would have significant health benefits, preventing about 3,500 deaths, 1,000 hospitalizations, and 220 heart attacks per year. We must work together to implement smart policies that will help protect our health and environment, fight climate change, and build a better future for our kids and grandkids.
Our men and women in uniform make incredible sacrifices for our country, and they shouldn’t have to worry about predatory loans and other abusive financial products.  That’s why I’m glad that the Defense Department is taking serious steps to crack down on financial companies that target servicemembers and their families. 
The insurance giant AIG made reckless bets that nearly crashed our entire economy, forcing the government to bail it out with billions of taxpayer dollars. Now former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg – with the help of some of his Wall Street buddies – is showing his gratitude by suing the government for billions more because the terms of the bailout weren’t generous enough. What part of "we bailed you out" doesn't Hank Greenberg understand? 
When regulators care more about protecting big banks from accountability than they do about protecting the American people from risky and illegal behavior on Wall Street, it threatens our whole economy. We learned this the hard way in 2008. Congress must hold oversight hearings on the disturbing issues raised by yesterday's whistleblower report when it returns in November - because it's our job to make sure our financial regulators are doing their jobs.
Love is worth fighting for. I'm with NO H8 Campaign because equal means equal. No one should be discriminated against because of who they love, and we won't stop fighting until the law recognizes full equality for everyone.
 A couple of weeks ago while I was presiding in the Senate, my colleague Senator Sheldon Whitehouse gave an excellent speech explaining how the Citizens United ruling is linked to the Republicans' refusal to do anything on the environment. If we're going to discuss the dangers of climate change, we must discuss unlimited political spending by oil billionaires and other big polluters. Watch Sheldon's speech and share it with your friends. http://youtu.be/Ts-CUP1SIM4
We now have two decades of evidence that when corporations and their investors thrive, the profits no longer trickle down for working families to thrive too. Yesterday I asked a panel of income inequality experts: If we can't count on CEOs to reinvest at least some of their profits in their workers, what steps can the government take to fill that void?
Former Rep. Anthony Weiner didn’t like that I called out Eric Cantor for taking a revolving door job on Wall Street. Let’s look at the facts: http://huff.to/1BMFnsW
My Democratic colleagues and I went to the Senate floor today to call on Republicans to allow the Senate to pass the Bank on Students Act. Instead, they blocked it again. I'm deeply disappointed that the Senate Republicans put the interests of millionaires and billionaires before the millions of Americans being crushed with student loan debt -- but the fight isn't over.
Heading to the Senate floor with my Democratic colleagues to demand a vote on the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act right now. Tune in here: http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=73
Did you know that gay and bisexual men across the country are barred from donating blood for life simply because of who they are? This is wrong. There's no current science to back up this government policy regarding blood donation, and now it’s just plain old discrimination. This week, Sen. Tammy Baldwin, Sen. Tom Harkin, Rep. Mike Quigley and I sent a letter to the Department of Health & Human Services, urging them to put new rules in place that follow the recommendations of the scientific and medical communities. Equal means equal, and, in this case, it means following science, not prejudice.
Wall Street banks have been forced to pay billions of dollars in settlements for breaking the law and bringing down our economy, but not a single person has gone to jail. Yesterday at a Banking Committee hearing I asked the federal regulators: How many senior Wall Street executives have you recommended for prosecution by the Department of Justice?
We don’t run this country for a handful of wealthy individuals and giant corporations. Today I spoke on the Senate floor in support of a Constitutional amendment introduced by Senator Tom Udall to give Congress and individual states the authority to regulate campaign finance and rein in money pouring into our political process.
Rep. Ann-Margaret Ferrante and Mayor Carolyn Kirk joined me in Gloucester today for office hours to answer people's questions and hear their concerns. I also got to congratulate Gloucester veteran Michael Linquata for receiving the French Legion of Honor yesterday for his heroic service during World War II. Thanks to the Gloucester House for hosting us today - the chowder was delicious!
Today I joined Congressman John Tierney, Mayor Donna Holaday, and State Senator Kathleen O'Connor Ives in Newburyport to learn about the great services provided by Opportunity Works, a nonprofit organization that provides employment, day habilitation, and recreational programs for people with disabilities on the North Shore and in the Merrimack Valley.
The scientists and researchers of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) gave me a fascinating tour yesterday. We make these investments in scientific research because we know that the breakthroughs of today lead to the success stories of tomorrow.
U.S. Representative Bill Keating, state Sen. Dan Wolf, state Rep. Sarah Peake and I met with WE CAN - Women's Empowerment through Cape Area Networking, Cape Cod, MA, an organization in Harwich Port that provides support and services for women experiencing challenging life transitions like a job loss, divorce, or illness. We’re all stronger when we have one other for help.
This morning I visited the Cape Abilities Farm, a great nonprofit program in Dennis that employs people with disabilities to grow and sell local produce on the Cape.
Today, Congresswoman Katherine Clark and I toured the Framingham Community Outpatient Clinic, a clinic that provides primary care to veterans in the MetroWest community. We later saw a Mobile Vet Center that provides readjustment counseling services to veterans when they return home, and held a roundtable discussion about how we can better honor our veterans’ service by making sure they have access to higher-quality services and good benefits.
NA
Kinder Morgan has proposed a new natural gas pipeline from New York all the way to Dracut, MA. The need to improve our short-term energy outlook doesn't mean we should rush to support every infrastructure project, regardless of the outcome. We can do better than this proposal - and we should. http://www.berkshireeagle.com/news/ci_26322123/sen-elizabeth-warren-we-can-do-better-than
Massachusetts and Rhode Island are home to the largest Cape Verdean population in the United States. This morning, Congressman Joe Kennedy III and Congressman David Cicilline, Massachusetts State Senator Marc R. Pacheco and I welcomed Cape Verdean President Jorge Carlos Fonseca to Boston following the US-Africa Leaders Summit in Washington.
NA
Senator Dick Durbin, Senator Jack Reed and I sent a letter to President Obama today, encouraging him to take action on “corporate inversion” tax freeloading. The Obama Administration can prevent companies that renounce their citizenship from using other loopholes to avoid paying their fair share. 
This morning I got a great tour of W.B. Mason Co. world headquarters in Brockton. I'm proud of W.B. Mason for deciding to keep their corporate office here long-term and to reinvest in the local community.
Happy to be in Holyoke this afternoon with Girls Inc. for "Eureka! Teach Back Friday." Amazing girls from Holyoke, Springfield and Chicopee have been participating in a summer program to learn about science at the University of Massachusetts College of Natural Sciences. STEM education is an important part of building a future for our all our kids, and I'm glad I could watch their fantastic presentations today.
Earlier this week, a tornado hit Revere, MA. Thankfully nobody was killed or seriously injured, but the city is still recovering from the storm. This morning I joined Senator Ed Markey, Revere Mayor Dan Rizzo, former DA Gerry Leone, Sen Petrucelli, Rep Vincent, Sheriff Steve Tompkins, and residents to announce the Revere Tornado Relief Fund.
In 2005, banking lobbyists successfully convinced Congress to remove bankruptcy protections for private student loan borrowers. Today in a Banking Committee hearing, I asked a top banking lobbyist: If struggling student loan borrowers can't discharge their loans in bankruptcy, and banks won’t let them modify their loans, what are they supposed to do? Watch what he said. http://youtu.be/haoKLe3rJxc
Some U.S. corporations use a tax loophole to maintain all their operations in America but claim foreign citizenship to avoid paying taxes. Tax lawyers call it “corporate inversion,” but I call it freeloading. Watch the floor speech I gave this afternoon to learn more about the Stop Corporate Inversions Act, our new bill to hold these freeloaders accountable. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYKp-9aJyvQ
Massachusetts continues to lead the way in building a 21st-century innovation economy. Today, the EPA awarded funding to four Mass. small businesses developing new technologies that will help protect our environment, keep our families healthy, and strengthen economic growth: 
Join me in sending Danny a card and wishing him a very happy 6th birthday today! Birthday cards can be mailed to: Danny Nickerson, P.O. Box 212, Foxboro, MA 02035.  #CardsForDanny 
The Massachusetts Joint Task Force on the Underground Economy announced today that it recovered $15.6 million last year from businesses that broke the law and violated workers' rights. Thank you Governor Patrick and the state legislature for making the JTF a permanent investigatory unit -- this is an important effort to protect hardworking men and women across the Commonwealth from exploitation in the workplace. 
This morning I went to the Senate floor to say happy birthday to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Just three years since opening, the agency has already returned more than $4 billion to people who were cheated, and has helped tens of thousands of consumers resolve complaints. Watch my speech about how the CFPB is helping families in Massachusetts and across the country: 
Three years since the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau opened its doors, the agency is already making a difference for families who have been cheated by credit card companies, mortgage lenders, and other financial institutions. Read more from the Springfield Republican about how the CFPB is helping people in Massachusetts and across the country: 
Congress shouldn’t wait until the next financial crisis to address “too big to fail.” Read a CNN op-ed from me, Senator McCain, Senator Cantwell, and Senator King on why we need to pass the 21st-Century Glass Steagall Act, which we introduced one year ago last week: http://www.cnn.com/2014/07/17/opinion/warren-mccain-big-banks/index.html
I can't believe we're still debating if employers can deny women access to birth control in 2014. Watch my floor speech calling on the Senate to vote for the #NotMyBossBusiness bill today to protect women's access to basic health care coverage
I was very happy to join Americans for Financial Reform and Public Citizen today to receive 600,000 petition signatures supporting the 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act, which we introduced one year ago this week.  More than five years after the financial crisis, the big banks keep getting bigger and loading up on risk. It's time to pass a new Glass-Steagall to make banking boring, and to help protect our economy.
We just took a big step toward developing clean wind energy off our coast right here in Massachusetts.  I applaud the Department of Energy for its conditional commitment of a $150 million loan guarantee for the Cape Wind project to become America's first commercial-scale offshore wind farm. 
Great to be in New Bedford today. It was a beautiful morning for the Charles W. Morgan Homecoming Celebration.
This morning I spoke to the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network - ACS CAN in Boston about the importance of increasing funding for the National Institutes of Health, and renewing our nation's commitment to research
The EPA’s Clean Power Plan is a powerful step in the fight to protect our health and environment, and to tackle the climate crisis. Watch my remarks on the Senate floor: 
Tune in at 3:30pm EDT for a live chat on my student loan refinancing bill. I’ll be answering your questions with Senator Tammy Baldwin and Senator Richard Blumenthal. Every kid deserves a fair shot at affording college. RSVP: http://bit.ly/1kmVcRK
It was great to speak with the Professional Fire Fighters of Massachusetts in Framingham this morning. Firefighters work tirelessly and courageously, day in and day out, to protect our cities and towns and keep our families safe. They are always there for us, and we must be there for them.
Memorial Day is a time to honor the brave men and women in uniform who have given their lives in the service of our country. It is also a reminder of the sacrifices all our servicemembers make to protect our families every single day. Watch my Memorial Day message here: 
We need to do more to reduce the risk of heart disease among women. Women should have access to preventative heart screenings wherever they receive primary care. Read the resolution I introduced with Senators Murkowski, Mikulski, and Collins that passed the Senate this week, http://1.usa.gov/1k1EXTQ, and learn more about the importance of heart screenings for women here: http://www.sistertosister.org/screenus #screenus
We’ve got 40 million people across this country who are struggling with student loans, many of them at very high interest rates. This debt is crushing our former students. It is crushing our families. And it’s starting to create a drag on our economy.  Watch my NECN interview on why we need to pass the #BankOnStudents Emergency Loan Refinancing Act to help give students a #FairShot
Student loan debt is exploding. It is stopping young people from moving out of their parents’ homes, from saving for a down payment, buying homes, buying cars, starting small businesses, saving for retirement, or making purchases that grow our economy. It doesn’t have to be this way. This morning, two dozen Senators joined to introduce the #BankOnStudents Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, which would give student loan borrowers a #fairshot. The bill would allow them to lower their interest rates on old loans to match the rates that the government offers to new borrowers today. Watch my floor speech:  
Today I'm introducing a bill to allow student loan borrowers to refinance their debt. Learn more:
The hollowing out of America's middle class has been the direct result of choices Washington has made over the past generation to put the rich and powerful first and to leave working people to pick up the crumbs. We know how to strengthen our middle class, because we've done it before. If we level the playing field for working families and strengthen investments in our future, we can make sure that all of our children have a fighting chance. Read my op-ed on CNN.com today:
America’s women are tired of hearing that pay inequality isn’t real or that it is somehow our fault - and we’re ready to fight back against pay discrimination.  We need to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act now to level the playing field for hardworking women. Watch my floor speech today on #EqualPay:
It has been seven years since Congress last increased the minimum wage.  It’s time to honor work again, time to honor the people who get up every day and bust their tails to try to build a life for themselves and their children. It’s time to end corporate welfare for companies that pay poverty-level wages and then expect taxpayers to pick up the tab when their workers need public assistance to afford food, health care, and other basic expenses. It’s time to #RaiseTheWage to help level the playing field for America’s hardworking families. 
The Government Accountability Office says the federal government is charging nearly twice as much interest as it needs to run the student loan program for undergraduates. It seems to me we’re just taxing students for the privilege of borrowing money to get an education. I think that’s obscene.  The federal student loan program should not be designed to make profits for the federal government. 
Less than a week to go until the Massachusetts Business Matchmaker event next Monday, 3/24! Watch and share my video message to small business owners across the Commonwealth, and visit my website for more information and to register: http://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=page&id=36
On Monday, March 24th, I’m hosting a Massachusetts Business Matchmaker event at Roxbury Community College in Boston. This event will be a great chance for small business owners across the Commonwealth to connect with government agencies and contractors, and to identify new opportunities for partnership and collaboration. I hope Massachusetts small business owners interested in new contracting opportunities in the region will visit my website for more information about the event and to learn how to register. Please pass the information onto small business owners you know, and if you’re one of them, I hope to see you there! 
I joined dozens of my colleagues on the Senate floor yesterday as part of the all-night #Up4Climate effort to call for action on climate change.  I shared stories of people who wrote to me about what they thought the world would look like in 25 years if we do nothing to address this issue. Americans see what is happening to our environment, they see the paralysis of our politics, and they see we are headed down a dangerous path. We are on the cusp of a climate crisis, but we are also at a time of great opportunity. Watch my remarks: 
Today I joined Senators Durbin, Reed, and Gillibrand on the Senate floor to talk about the crushing burden that student debt places on our college students and our economy. I also discussed my plan to introduce legislation to allow graduates to refinance existing student debt. Our country should offer a helping hand to the young people who are working hard to try to build a future. Watch my remarks here.
In 2013 alone, JPMorgan spent nearly $17 billion to settle claims with the federal government. And at the end of the year, JPMorgan gave its CEO a 75 percent raise. If the CEOs of financial institutions that break the law can settle claims out of court and get rewarded with a pay raise for those settlements, then where's the deterrent? Today I asked federal regulators whether they thought our enforcement strategy is working, or whether it's actually so bad that we're making it more likely for big banks to break the law. 
Unemployment insurance represents our commitment that we’ll pitch in when our friends & neighbors have fallen on tough times #RenewUI
Unemployment insurance is a critical lifeline for people who are trying their hardest and need a little help. Republicans line up to protect billions in tax breaks and subsidies for big corporations with armies of lobbyists, but they can’t find a way to help struggling families trying get back on their feet. Last night I joined Senator Cory Booker for his first speech on the Senate floor to talk about why we need to extend unemployment benefits. Watch my remarks here: 
Watch my floor speech on the bipartisan Truth in Settlements Act I introduced yesterday with Senator Coburn. Enforcement agencies should not be able to cut bad deals with companies and then hide the embarrassing details.  The public deserves to know what’s going on.
I introduced the bipartisan Truth in Settlements Act yesterday with Senator Tom Coburn. Government enforcement agencies work for us, not for the companies they regulate. When those agencies settle with companies that break the law, they should clearly disclose the terms of those deals. Increased transparency will shut down backroom deal-making and ensure that Congress, citizens and watchdog groups can hold government accountable for strong and effective enforcement that benefits the public interest. Find out more about the Truth in Settlements Act here: http://1.usa.gov/1a1grlu
I spoke with MSNBC’s Chris Hayes last night about the Equal Employment for All Act I introduced yesterday with Senators Blumenthal, Brown, Leahy, Markey, Shaheen and Whitehouse. This legislation would prohibit employers from requiring prospective employees to disclose their credit history. Watch the interview here:
Today I introduced the Equal Employment for All Act, which would prohibit employers from using credit checks in hiring.  This is about basic fairness - let people compete for jobs on the merits, not on whether they already have enough money to pay all their bills.  It’s time to give more families a chance to get back into the workforce and get back on their feet. Read more about the legislation here (http://1.usa.gov/19whF8p), and watch my floor speech introducing the bill today:
For twenty years, Mayor Menino has made Boston into a city that all eyes can see is a model for the country and for the world. And he has succeeded because he knew all along that our fortunes depend on our work together – as one people, as one community, as one Boston.   Today I spoke on the Senate floor to thank Mayor Menino for his years of hard work, service, and dedication to making Boston a better place.
We are in a real and growing retirement crisis – a crisis that is shaking the foundations of what was once a vibrant and secure middle class. The absolute last thing we should be doing right now is talking about cutting back on Social Security.  The absolute last thing we should do in 2013 – at the very moment that Social Security has become the principal lifeline for millions of our seniors -- is allow the program to begin to be dismantled inch by inch. Watch my floor speech on the retirement crisis today.
Republicans now hold the dubious distinction of having filibustered all three immensely qualified women that President Obama nominated to D.C. Circuit. The President has nominated qualified, independent judges to fill vacancies on the court, and Republicans are refusing to allow votes on any of them. Republicans may prefer a court system that is rigged for the wealthy and the powerful, but President Obama won reelection. If Republicans refuse to allow him to fill court vacancies, then Senators have a duty to change the filibuster rules to protect the Constitution and the neutrality of our courts.
Veterans Day is a chance to stop and say thank you to all the men and women who have put their lives on the line to wear the uniform and defend our nation.  All three of my brothers served in the military, and I understand the important contributions our servicemembers and their families make to our country every single day.  You make us proud. We are grateful for your courage, your dedication, and your sacrifice.
Massachusetts is #1 in the nation in energy efficiency for the third year in a row. By continuing to support energy efficiency policies and by making the right investments in 21st century clean energy technology, we can protect our environment, lower costs for businesses, and grow our economy. Thank you to Governor Patrick’s Administration for your leadership promoting energy efficiency throughout the Commonwealth.
The Senate just voted to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). I’m proud to have voted in support of this legislation, and I hope the House will act now to pass ENDA and make sure no one is discriminated against because of who they are or who they love. In America, equal means equal. Watch my floor speech yesterday on ENDA here:
Thanks to Senators Begich and Markey, Representatives Tierney and Keating, and all the groups that joined me at the State House this morning for a discussion on issues facing our fishermen and how best to reform the Magnuson-Stevens Act.
Go Sox! Today I congratulated the World Champion Boston Red Sox for their outstanding, historic season in remarks on the Senate floor.
The Senate has just passed a bill to reopen the government and make sure the United States doesn’t default on its debts. At a time when little kids are being kicked off Head Start, seniors are being pushed out of Meals on Wheels, and scientists can't get the funding to do their research, a crisis like this is just taking billions of dollars and flushing it down the drain. I'll work hard with my colleagues to make sure we don't end up in this mess again.
We are now four days into a completely unnecessary, completely avoidable Republican shutdown. Now that the House Republicans have shut down the government - holding the country hostage because of some imaginary government health care boogey man – Republicans almost immediately turned around and called on us to start reopening parts of our government.   Why do they do this? Because the boogey man government is like the boogey man under the bed – it’s not real. It doesn’t exist. What is real – what does exist – are all of those specific, important things that we as Americans have chosen to do together through our government. In our democracy, government is not some make believe thing that has an independent will of its own.  In our democracy, government is just how we describe all of the things that “we the people” have already decided to do together.   Watch my speech on the Senate floor yesterday about why government matters.
Letting employers decide whether women can get birth control covered on their insurance plans is so important to House Republicans that they are willing to shutter the government and potentially tank the economy over issues like whether women can access birth control coverage. In the year 2013.  Not the year 1913—the year 2013. I have a daughter and I have granddaughters.  I will never vote to let a group of backward-looking ideologues cut women’s access to birth control.  We have lived in that world, and we are not going back.  Not ever. Watch my speech tonight on the floor of the Senate here.
Yesterday I stood with fellow women Senators, health advocates, new mothers and pregnant women to speak out against Republicans’ irresponsible efforts to tie a government shutdown to critical Affordable Care Act funding, and to take away guaranteed basic coverage like maternity care, prenatal care, and preventive screenings like mammograms for millions of women across the country. We’ve been living with universal coverage here in MA for six years and we know that it works. More than 98% of people in the Commonwealth are now covered by health care. Watch the video of yesterday’s event here.
Too Big To Fail is still a problem – today, the four biggest banks are 30% larger than they were five years ago, and the five largest banks now hold more than half of the total banking assets in the country. Visit the Boston Globe here to read my op-ed on important steps we need to take to make our families and our financial system safer.
As we mark the 12th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, we come together as a nation to remember those who lost their lives in this unspeakable tragedy, and we offer our prayers and continued support for the families of the victims.  Today at local observances in Massachusetts, survivors of the Boston Marathon attacks joined together with families who lost loved ones on 9/11. As we remember the victims of these attacks, we are also reminded of the incredible resolve, strength and spirit of community we saw across our Commonwealth and our country in the face of terrorism.  On this day we also honor the first responders and armed servicemen and women who selflessly risk their lives each day to protect our country and keep our families safe. Our nation owes them a true debt of gratitude.
The labor movement has been out there for years fighting for all working men and women - whether they are union members or not. Labor Day is a chance to say thank you. It's also a reminder that unions helped build America's middle class, and it is unions that will fight to keep our middle class. Watch my Labor Day message to working families here in Massachusetts and across the country.
Today, I stood with Mayor Menino and Mayors Against Illegal Guns to call for stronger gun laws. On the 50th anniversary of Dr. King's “I Have A Dream” speech, I can think of no better way to honor the memory of a man who dedicated his life to nonviolence than for us to come together to renew our pledge to fight back against the gun violence that rages through our cities and towns.
NA
Yesterday marked the 2nd anniversary of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) opening its doors, and last week's Senate confirmation of Rich Cordray made it clear the CFPB is here to stay. Now we have a strong consumer agency that is hard at work getting rid of tricks, traps, and fine print, and holding financial institutions accountable when they break the law. It is already making a difference for American families and standing up for students, veterans, and seniors. We must continue fighting to protect the important gains we've made and to create a level playing field for working families.
Yesterday, the Senate finally ended the filibuster and confirmed Rich Cordray as Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, ensuring American families will continue to have a strong agency fighting for them in Washington. Today I joined CFED and Democracy Journal to talk about how the consumer agency is already making a difference. Watch my remarks here.
The American people do not deserve endless re-litigation of stale political disputes and the uncertainty caused by repeated filibusters of qualified and proven nominees. It’s time for the Senate to confirm Rich Cordray so the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau can continue fighting for hardworking families. Watch my speech on the Senate floor today.
Today I joined CNBC's Squawk Box to talk about why we need the 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to make our financial system more stable and secure, and protect American families. Watch the interview here.
NA
Read my op-ed with Senator Jack Reed in Politico today on how we must invest in our students and keep interest rates on student loans low.
The Keeping Student Loans Affordable Act would drop the rate on direct student loans back down to 3.4% for one year, retroactively, and give Congress time to develop a plan to do the three things we really need to do:  reform student loan interest rates on new loans, refinance a trillion dollars in existing debt, and lower college costs for all our kids.   The student loan program will make $184 billion in profits for the government over the next ten years, and the Republican solution is to add another billion in profits for the US government.  In other words, their solution to the rising interest rate problem is to make students pay even more. But our students sent Congress a clear message: a bad deal is worse than no deal at all. I’m standing with students.
We should be investing in young people who are trying to build a future - not making money off the backs of our students and turning them into profit centers.   I'm supporting Senator Jack Reed's and Senator Kay Hagan's bill to keep interest rates at 3.4 percent for one year. This will give Congress time to work on a long-term solution.  We must act now to stop interest rates from doubling, and to support our students who are working hard to get an education.
Today’s Supreme Court decision to end DOMA’s two-tiered system of legalized discrimination is a major victory for our country’s core values of fairness and equality. We now must continue the fight so all Americans are treated equally under the law and can marry the person they love.
The Voting Rights Act is one of the most important civil rights statutes ever enacted by this country. It was designed to protect voters from discrimination and has been an incredible success for over 40 years. In 2006 it was reauthorized by overwhelming bipartisan majorities in both houses of Congress. Incredibly, the Supreme Court today voted to gut some of the Voting Rights Act’s most important provisions. I strongly disagree with this decision and call on Congress to act swiftly and reverse it.
There is an intense fight going on right now over whether our federal courts will remain a neutral forum, faithfully interpreting the law and dispensing fair and impartial justice - or whether we will see the corporate capture of the federal courts, with the courts transformed into one more rigged game.   If you care about the Affordable Care Act, if you care about the Voting Rights Act, if you care about financial reform, your fight is not just in Congress, your fight is in the courts. We must bring a new generation of judges to the bench - judges who will be fair, even-handed, and who have the experience to consider all sides of an issue.  Watch video from my remarks last week at the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy National Convention.
The Administration needs to be more transparent about trade agreement negotiations so the public can have real input in the process. I believe in transparency and democracy, and I think the U.S. Trade Representative should too. Read the letter I sent today to USTR nominee Michael Froman: http://1.usa.gov/19vg2IA
Today marks 50 years since President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, but women still earn only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.  It’s time to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to help close the wage gap and end pay inequality. Read my op-ed on the Springfield Republican’s website today.
Today, we salute all those who gave their lives to protect and defend our United States, our values and our democracy. We owe the brave men and women who serve immeasurable gratitude for their daily sacrifice and commitment to our country. Having three brothers who served in the military, I understood early that service has a powerful impact on an entire family, and I hold in my prayers the families of those we have lost. I'm also reminded today of the obligation we have to uphold our commitments to servicemembers, veterans and their families as we recognize the sacrifices made by so many in the name of liberty, justice and freedom.
Yesterday, House Republicans passed a student loan bill that takes a bad situation and makes it worse. The July 1 deadline should not be turned into an opportunity to make more money at the expense of young Americans who are working hard to get an education. If we can invest in big banks by giving them low interest rates on government loans, we certainly can do the same to help students get an education. It’s time for Congress to bank on students.
The government is making more money from student loans than every Fortune 500 made in profit last year. Share this image if you agree: Our government shouldn’t be making billions of dollars by drowning our students in debt.
The biggest banks in the country – the ones that wrecked our economy and cost millions of Americans their jobs – pay next to nothing on their debt, while students pay nine times as much. If those interest rates are good enough for banks, they’re good enough for students.
Today I introduced my first bill, the Bank on Students Loan Fairness Act. Students help us build a strong economy & middle class. They should get the same loan rate as big banks. Watch my speech on the Senate floor here:
Proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with our fishermen this morning at Boston Fish Pier. The fishing industry is such an important part of our local economy, and we need to support them. Here is the letter Senator Cowan and I sent urging President Obama to submit a budget amendment requesting emergency disaster assistance for fishermen: http://1.usa.gov/15VcNbX
Thank you to the first responders, doctors, nurses, and everyone at Boston’s world class hospitals. We now have lost four people to this cowardly act of terrorism, but the courage, the strength, and the perseverance of our entire health care workforce helped save the lives of many at the Boston Marathon.
"Through days that would test even the sturdiest of souls, Boston’s spirit remains undaunted." —President Obama in his Weekly Address: http://wh.gov/eej4
Every year during the Marathon, we are one family. We cheer for each other, and we carry each other across finish lines. When tragedy strikes, we are also one family. We hurt together, and we help together.  In the weeks and months ahead, your struggles will be our struggles, your pain our pain, your efforts our efforts. We will be together through sorrow and anger, rehabilitation and recovery. We will be together because we are one family.
People want to know their regulators are looking out for the American public, not for the banks. The public deserves to have access to information about banks that illegally foreclosed on families. Watch my opening statement and questions at today’s Senate Banking Subcommittee hearing.
Today is Equal Pay Day. Fifty years ago this June, President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law. Today, women still earn only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. It’s time to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, because women deserve equal pay for equal work.
Tom Menino is the best. Period.  He is the best mayor in America.  He  is the best friend to the neighborhoods and people of Boston. He is the best example of how a city can and should be governed.  His friendship and good counsel is invaluable to me and I will continue to rely on it every day. I thank him for all he has done for the families of Boston over the last two decades and for the tremendous legacy he leaves for future generations of Bostonians.
Raising the minimum wage is good for families and good for our economy. Watch my questions at yesterday’s HELP committee hearing here.
Today I spoke about why efforts to delay Rich Cordray’s nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau are an attempt to weaken the consumer agency. The American people deserve a Congress that worries less about helping big banks and more about helping regular people.
Happy International Women's Day! It's never too early to start teaching your daughters that they can be anything they want to be.
NA
HSBC admitted to laundering $881 million from Mexican and Colombian drug cartels. Today I asked the Treasury Department: How much drug money does a bank have to launder before we consider shutting them down?
Here's where Wall Street and I agree - the Defense of Marriage Act is bad for families and bad for business. I'm glad to see so many of the big banks and financial institutions join the amicus brief to the Supreme Court challenging DOMA.
I spoke yesterday at the Special Committee on Aging on the different visions to lower health care costs. Watch here.
This morning I spoke at the Credit Union National Association and met with the Massachusetts members. Credit unions are a model for how financial institutions can provide real value for their customers and their communities.
According to a Bloomberg News study, the big banks are subsidized about $83 billion a year in free insurance because they can receive government bailouts if they get in trouble. Today I asked Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke: Why isn't Wall Street paying back taxpayers for being too big to fail?
Today I joined Mayor Tom Menino and Rep Mike Capuano at Boston Medical Center to discuss the importance of NIH funding with Boston's medical research professionals. NIH funding isn't only critical for our health - it's also critical for jobs, our economy and our future.
Are banks too big for trial? Watch my first banking committee hearing to find out.
Today is my first banking committee hearing. Because I'm new around here, I won't speak until the later half of the hearing - but I hope you'll watch live at http://banking.senate.gov.
Today Senators Jack Reed, Sherrod Brown and I called for an up-or-down vote for Rich Cordray to lead the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The CFPB has already been making a real difference - and the uncertainty of his nomination for two years is costly to everyone. Political stalemates don't end in more government or less government, but in bad government - government that lacks the clarity and predictability that our businesses need to plan for the future, to serve their customers, and to create jobs.
This morning I hosted Beth Williams, the CEO of Boston's Roxbury Technology, at a job creators forum to talk about their success. My colleagues can learn a lot from companies like Roxbury Technology.
Great to meet so many Massachusetts residents visiting the Capitol this morning!
I'm very grateful for the work of our brave police officers, firefighters, emergency medical personnel, and other first responders to keep all of us safe during this weekend's storm. I'm also grateful for the workers who have been out there day and night clearing our roads and working to restore power for so many people across the Commonwealth. Governor Deval Patrick did an incredible job leading Massachusetts during this historic storm, and I will do my best to support his recovery efforts in the days and weeks ahead.
NA
If you're in Massachusetts, please check out the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency's website to make sure you’re ready for tomorrow's storm - and please check in on the seniors in your neighborhood.
One quarter of all women in the US are victims of  domestic violence. We must re-authorize the Violence Against Women Act.
NA
Met with Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley about Casa Myrna's SafeLink, the 24/7 Massachusetts domestic violence hotline. I'm proud to cosponsor a bill to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. We can't leave victims without the support they desperately need.
I'm very pleased to welcome Mo Cowan to the Senate. As former chief of staff to Governor Patrick, Mo brings a deep knowledge of the issues facing the people of our Commonwealth to the Senate. He will be a committed, hardworking interim Senator, and I look forward to working closely with him to protect the interests of Massachusetts families.
I'm very pleased that the President has decided to re-nominate Rich Cordray as Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. I worked with Rich to set up the agency and believe he is a strong leader with a proven track record of fighting for consumers and pushing for a level playing field between big banks and smaller financial institutions like community banks and credit unions. The CFPB has had an extraordinary first year and a half - holding credit card companies accountable for cheating consumers and adopting the first set of rules to clean up the mortgage market. Senate confirmation of Rich's nomination will continue this momentum, benefiting families, establishing certainty, and safeguarding the economy as a whole from reckless and dangerous consumer lending.
Held a breakfast for MA residents in town for inauguration at the Capitol. Great to see everyone!
NA
