Check out this Fargo Forum article about the work we’ve done to help make sure North Dakota families and communities are strong and safe since the derailment of a crude oil train near Casselton a year ago today. We still have a great deal of work to do, but by working with the rail and oil industries, first responders, and federal, state, and local officials over the past year, we have made needed progress to improve rail safety.
In the wake of the train derailment in Casselton a year ago today, the question on everyone’s mind was ‘what if?’ What if families had been hurt? What if homes had been damaged? Immediately, I started working with local fire chiefs and officials to get to the bottom of what happened. And I have been pressing our federal agencies for improved rail safety standards to help prevent future train derailments, and pushing on the railroads to make needed investments. Additionally, our emergency responders are often our first line of defense – and they usually do it without pay. It’s on all of us to make sure they have the training and resources they need to protect our families and communities. That’s why I fought to secure federal funding for state-of-the-art training for our responders – which more than 60 North Dakota first responders have participated in this year -- and it’s why I wrote my RESPONSE Act, which would see to it that emergency teams continue to get the best possible tools to keep us safe. We have come a long way in the past year, but must keep pushing to get our safety standards up to pace, and to make sure our emergency response teams get the training they need. Because we can’t let North Dakota families live in fear of ‘what if?’ They need to know we’re working from all sides to keep them and their communities strong and safe – and that’s exactly what I’ll continue doing every single day.
As families travel from far and wide to come together around this time of year, I hope you also take a moment to give back by visiting folks at your local senior center, volunteering your time and energy at a food bank or homeless shelter, giving a gift for an Angel Tree, or donating some of the clothes you no longer wear. There are countless ways to give back to your community. As North Dakotans, we know that times can sometimes be tough. We have faced severe winters, crop losses, and economic stresses. But we also know the importance of resilience – because we always come out on top. But we can’t do it alone. We need the support of our family, friends, neighbors, and others in our communities. The holiday season is a particular reminder of that ethic to help a neighbor in need, and of why we are proud to be North Dakotans. Merry Christmas and happy holidays.
For those of you who are spending your first holiday season in the North Dakota tundra or are heading back home after some time away from our state, here is a list that will help set your expectations for – what I hope is – a wonderful time with family, friends, and loved ones:
It’s absolutely critical that our aviators, as well as local airports, businesses, and hospitals have a direct line to Air Force operations regarding the Powder River Training Complex expansion. Today, I pushed the Air Force to improve its plan for the by better addressing the concerns of local communities and businesses. I’m encouraged by the Air Force’s commitment to heeding many communities’ economic concerns, but we must make sure aviators and businesses can easily access the information they need and get their questions answered. That’s why I’m asking the Air Force to take additional steps to proactively work with these groups, and remedy their concerns. If the Air Force falls short of its commitments, businesses and livelihoods could be threatened – and that’s unacceptable. I’ll continue working together with the Air Force, the Federal Aviation Administration, and our local towns and businesses to strike the right balance between strengthening our national security and allowing our regional businesses to flourish. http://1.usa.gov/1A0HYQG
Check out this piece on KXMB-TV about moderates in the U.S. Senate. I'm proud to be one of them.
Today the EPA issued a new federal decision designating coal ash as non-hazardous material, and to leaving decisions on how to enforce new standards for disposal to the states. In North Dakota, we understand the value of our resources – and we work hard to make them count. That’s why I’ve been pushing our federal agencies not to overregulate materials that we have used safely in construction projects for years – like coal ash – by making it clear that these materials are not hazardous and that the federal government trusts our states to make responsible decisions when it comes to disposing or recycling this material. I’ve been making this point to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a long time now – both before she was confirmed as administrator, and when I brought her to North Dakota last winter – and I’m glad to see that her agency took our state’s needs to heart. As we continue to look at the details of these new standards to fully understand how they will impact North Dakota, I’ll keep seeking input from our utilities, construction industry, and environmental representatives throughout our state to make sure we provide as much certainty for them as possible, while maintaining the proper safeguards to make sure coal ash is managed in a safe and responsible way.
Teddy Roosevelt often said, “Had it not been for the time I spent in North Dakota, and what I learned from my experiences there, I might never have become President.” Since I also love North Dakota, I let Teddy-bear Roosevelt takeover my Instagram today while he visits Capitol Hill. Follow me on Instagram to keep up with Teddy-bear Roosevelt’s adventures in our nation’s Capital.
Proud of my talented and hardworking former intern and now caseworker in my Dickinson office, Sarah Jennings, who is graduating from Dickinson State University today. She’s interned in both my Dickinson and Washington, D.C. offices and I’m so happy she will continue to be a part of our team. Tune in at 2pm MST/ 3pm CT to watch her commencement address at the Dickinson State  University graduation – a well-deserved honor.  http://bit.ly/1DRDqzX
Finally back in North Dakota, only to find my Bismarck office was invaded by the North Pole.
Bipartisan legislation that I helped introduce to combat international drug trafficking – a problem which is unfortunately now coming directly into the U.S., and specifically North Dakota -- passed unanimously in the Senate. I visited Mexico earlier this year and met with Mexican officials who spoke of international cartels going to the U.S. to traffic illegal drugs. When I served as North Dakota’s Attorney General, tracings mass quantities of drugs had to go three or four steps back to Mexican cartels, usually coming from Denver or the southwest, but now there is a direct link to our state. We must tighten the laws that have allowed these criminals to make massive inroads across our borders with impunity – and that’s exactly what this bill would do. Since bringing the White House Drug Czar to North Dakota two summers ago, we’ve seen strong federal action to address drug crime in our state.  I’ll make sure that continues and that we stop these dangerous actions so we can keep North Dakota’s communities strong and safe well into the future.
Check out this article in AgWeek about how the new policies with Cuba will help North Dakota farmers.
Today’s news about the U.S. policy with Cuba will help our farmers do their jobs, as we need to make sure they have export opportunities to ship their products around the country and the world. Cuba is a prime market for North Dakota farmers – it imports 80% of its food, and there is strong demand for many of the products predominantly grown in our state, both for feeding the Cuban people and its growing agricultural sector. Rather than Cuba importing beans, corn, and grain from our agricultural competitors, our farmers should be able to provide more of our products to feed Cuba. North Dakota’s former Senators also understood the importance of expanding agriculture export access to Cuba, as it will support North Dakota’s economy and help address low American commodity prices by opening new markets. And today’s announcement provides Cuba access to much-needed agriculture equipment made in the U.S. for its growing agricultural sector. This piece of today’s announcement is good for our farmers, state, and the country.
Honored to sponsor and appoint outstanding Bismarck student and leader, Sedalia Mahlum, to be a U.S. Senate page in the upcoming Congress. During their time in the program, Senate pages complete a semester of high school in Washington, D.C. by going to classes in the morning with their fellow pages and then also working in the U.S. Senate throughout the day. Participating in the program provides incredible opportunities for some of our nation’s brightest and strongest leaders. I know Sedelia’s hard work and passion in the classroom will be a driving force as she continues her educational experience in Washington this semester, and I look forward to seeing her in the halls of the Senate in the coming months. http://1.usa.gov/1z3UuzP
Tonight I voted to extend tax relief for North Dakota families and small businesses, because in North Dakota, we have to plan ahead – we plan for our harvests, for our winters, and for our children’s futures. That’s why I’ve been pushing on Congress for the past year to quit delaying, and to start providing more certainty for our businesses and for our families who work hard every day just to make ends meet. Tonight, the Senate and House finally came together to extend tax relief so many of our communities need for the next year – but isn’t enough. We have to seek practical, lasting solutions that really work, because nail-biting and foot-dragging are no ways to legislate. We need to come together to find longer-term solutions for the communities that count on us to get the job done. http://1.usa.gov/1wIqs12
Hope North Dakota businesses and organizations in growing and high-tech industries apply for new federal grants to help expand and support apprenticeship programs across the state. Apprenticeships are great opportunities for folks to get hands on experience working in high-skilled and high-demand jobs. They also help us continue to build a workforce with the knowledge and experience to fill roles in technology and emerging fields. The deadline to submit applications is April 30, 2015. Click below for more information. http://1.usa.gov/1uVl33P
Glad Congress came together to pass bipartisan legislation to reform an outdated and inadequate U.S. Customs and Border Protection pay system. This legislation will support agents as they protect our borders by making sure they are better equipped to do their jobs and receive appropriate compensation for their hard work. In addition, it corrects the current system that is complicated, difficult to manage, and has led to inefficiency and waste. We rely on border patrol agents - like the folks at U.S. Customs and Border Protection Grand Forks Sector I visited earlier this year - to keep our families and communities safe, and it’s important to make sure they have the resources and certainty to do their job. As a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee, I was proud to cosponsor and vote for this bill.
If we want to build our workforce in the Oil Patch, we need to make sure folks can find a home to raise their families in – and the skyrocketing housing costs in North Dakota are making it difficult to do that. I’ve been working to make housing more affordable in North Dakota, and that’s why I brought the top federal official who oversees housing issues to North Dakota to see the challenges our state is facing. Since then, we have seen real results to help making housing more affordable, including the Federal Housing Administration raising its home loan limits to help low-to-middle income families, first-time home buyers, and seniors to afford to put a roof over their heads. Read more in this Dickinson Press article.
I voted tonight to keep the government running because North Dakotans work hard every day to take care of their families and their communities. This bill includes funding for essential North Dakota programs that help keep our communities strong and safe, like for flood protection, rail safety, first responders, and servicemembers. But I’m very disappointed with the way this bill was done. Congress cannot keep acting from deadline to deadline. We need to provide certainty for families to live and businesses to thrive, and our families are counting on us for long-term solutions that don’t take the country to the precipice of a federal shutdown each fiscal year. It’s also incredibly frustrating that the bill negotiators went against the will of the majority of Americans by increasing the amount of money wealthy contributors can donate to political campaigns – an issue I’ve been pushing back against since my time as North Dakota’s Attorney General – by up to tenfold removing transparency from elections and hurting our efforts to make sure Americans’ voices aren’t drowned out by special interests and a few wealthy individuals. This should not be the price we pay to execute our most basic duty as legislators – to keep the government open. http://1.usa.gov/12KtEyE
Today the Senate passed bipartisan legislation which authorizes funding levels and policy for the nation’s defense efforts. One of my most important jobs in the Senate is to make sure our servicemembers and their families get the support they deserve, and that our military has the resources it needs to defend our country – and all of us should be able to agree on that. This bill will play an important role in supporting North Dakota’s military interests and communities, particularly at both Minot and Grand Forks Air Force Bases. But, we can’t continue to work from deadline to deadline and wait until the last minute to get things done. It’s past time for Congress to do its job in a timely manner and provide the certainty and stability our servicemembers need to keep America safe, and I’ll keep pushing to make sure it happens in the future. http://1.usa.gov/1zK1S25
ICYMI – On the Senate floor, I did something that far too often, we forget to do – I honored North Dakotans fallen, MIA & POW Vietnam veterans. Our nation’s servicemembers dedicate their lives to protect our great nation, and sometimes, they sacrifice it all. It’s critical that when our servicemembers come home to their families and friends, they have the care and resources they were promised and earned, and I’ll keep fighting to make sure they do.
Enjoyed spending time with some of my hard working staff to celebrate the holidays and thank them for their commitment to North Dakota. This photo is of my team in Washington, and I also have amazing staff in offices across North Dakota who work so hard every day for our state. Looking forward to another great year.
Today I stopped by the Capitol Police Holiday get-together to thank them for their hard work to protect all of us from potential danger every day. As a former Attorney General, who ran a law enforcement agency, I know the sacrifices of police officers, the fears of the families, and I know that every day – any average, ordinary day – can turn into a catastrophe. Yet these brave men and women devote themselves to the job anyway. Words cannot truly express how grateful I am for the work and commitment of the U.S. Capitol Police and all law enforcement officers.
This holiday season, my staff and I are helping spread holiday cheer by donating Christmas gifts to foster children on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. Hope they enjoy the gifts, and hope you all join me and my staff in giving back this holiday season.
Deadline to enroll for health care and get covered by January 1 is Monday, December 15. Sign up now to start the new year protected.
The Federal Housing Administration announced higher loan limits for seven western North Dakota counties to better reflect the soaring housing costs across the region. For years, our state’s oil and gas boom has been driving up the demand for housing across the state, particularly out west, but we have to make sure families can keep up. That’s why I’ve been pushing our federal agencies to pay more attention to our state’s housing shortage and brought U.S. Department of Housing & Urban Development Secretary Castro to Williston and Turtle Mountain this fall. Every hardworking family deserves a safe, affordable home, and I’ll keep working to make that possible. http://1.usa.gov/166REOn
Kicked off a two-day conference with NDSU and Senator Hoeven to discuss ways to improve the transportation system for agriculture products -- as backlogs on the rails have had crippling effects on farmers, grain elevators, and so many more in North Dakota and across the Northern Plains. The reason we put together this conference was to enable top officials, producers, elevators, and the agriculture industry to take a serious look at the challenges of how we’re transporting agriculture products in the region today and how we can improve our methods in the future to prevent backlogs. I’ve been working closely with the U.S. Surface Transportation Board since the spring to help address these issues and will continue to work with the agency so farmers and producers have the certainty and conditions they need to do their jobs and help feed families around the world.http://1.usa.gov/1wSX62B
Hope you can join...
ICYMI: On the Senate floor today, I paid tribute to my good friend and Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker for all of his hard work and commitment to the City of Fargo. His work and legacy will be never be forgotten. My heart goes out to his family, his many friends, and the people of Fargo.
Today I spoke with Director Archuleta, the head of the agency overseeing the federal workforce, and pushed her to build off the momentum from Tuesday, and approve raises for the remaining federal employees at Minot Air Force Base and around North Dakota. As a result of our state’s economic boom, Minot Air Force Base and other federal agencies on the ground in North Dakota have been unable to compete with higher paying energy sector jobs, and have lost good workers. That’s why I brought Director Archuleta out to North Dakota this fall, so she could hear firsthand from workers at the Minot Air Force Base. And on Tuesday, she approved pay raises for 150 federal employees at the base. This was a needed first step, and I’ll keep pushing the agency to provide needed raises for the rest of the federal employees at the base and across the state so we can help recruit and retain workers for these critical jobs for our national security and other key sectors. http://1.usa.gov/1vmkNK3
North Dakota fire fighters and first responders have until tomorrow, Friday, December 5 at 4:00pm CT to apply for new federal grants to update equipment and enhance training. Emergency responders are the first line of defense between dangerous incidents and our families and communities – we must make sure they have the resources they need to do the best job possible. I hope eligible fire companies will apply for these federal funds to help them get the equipment and training they need to do their jobs, keep our communities safe, and help guarantee they will come home to their families each night. Click here to apply: http://1.usa.gov/1kK26vT, or here for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1vRnxnI.
I’m fighting to make sure some unscrupulous lenders can’t use deceptive and unfair lending practices that target our servicemembers and their families, charging them excessive fees and leading them into debt. I’ve fought against similar lending schemes aimed at students dealing with crushing debt, and for clearer and more manageable payment plans going forward. Our military members and our students are working hard to secure a safer, brighter community of tomorrow – and we need do everything in our power to close the loopholes that could force them into debilitating debt and prevent them from achieving their goals. http://1.usa.gov/1FTM7HJ
Met with Close Up students from Wahpeton and Bismarck today. I always enjoy meeting with the future leaders of North Dakota, and am hopeful they will bring to the table the skills necessary to move our state forward.
Discussed federal public transportation programs with Tom Wagner from Pembina today. It’s critical that we continue to discuss various transportation programs that can alleviate some of the stress on our infrastructure system.
Spoke with folks from the National Rural Housing Coalition today. NRHC is doing a great job in communities around the country to advocate for better housing for low-income rural families. I look forward to working with the NRHC as I continue to try to find solutions to North Dakota’s unique housing shortage.
Today I was proud to help represent North Dakota’s tribes at the White House Tribal Nations Conference. When the President and First Lady visited Standing Rock in June, I pressed the President about the dire need to increase resources and support for Native children. Just six months after that visit, we’re seeing action as today a new federal effort was announced to provide greater opportunities to Native youth. Since my time as North Dakota’s Attorney General, I’ve been pushing for programs that give our kids living in Indian Country a fighting chance, and I didn’t quit when I got to the Senate – the first bill I introduced would create a national Commission on Native Children to find ways to solve challenges that follow them in the long-term. I’ll continue to pave a brighter path for Native kids, not just because I’ve heard the stories and seen the faces – but because we have a civic and moral responsibility to take care of our kids. http://1.usa.gov/1w2HQ3B
After visiting Standing Rock in June and meeting with Native American youth at Cannon Ball Elementary, the Administration is taking important steps to help improve the education system, housing, mental health care and more for Native American children and families – which I’ve long called for. I’ve been fighting for our Native American families and communities since I was North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s because it is not only our trust and treaty responsibility, but also our moral responsibility to make sure the next generation of Native American children have more support and a better chance to succeed.
RSVP today for conference focused on finding ways to improve the transportation system for agriculture products in the Northern Plains. I will join NDSU’s Center for Agriculture Policy and Trade Studies and Senator Hoeven to bring together key federal, state and local leaders, as well as BNSF and Canadian Pacific railways. Click here to register: http://www.ag.ndsu.edu/capts/events
You cannot think of Fargo without thinking of Mayor Dennis Walaker. A true champion of the people, he was the gentle giant whose warm heart knew no bounds, and enveloped us all.  It was with this invincible spirit that he fought for the people of Fargo – through torrents of flood and back, he led the city in the true North Dakota spirit of unity. Everybody counted, and everybody mattered. I am proud to have called him my friend, and to have seen firsthand how he battled for those less fortunate – from the families who needed affordable housing to numerous flood fights on behalf of the city he called home. Mayor Walaker will always remain a hero of Fargo, and forever in our hearts.
Met with the newly elected MHA Nation Chairman Mark Fox today. I’m looking forward to working with him to make sure we live up to our trust and treaty responsibilities to provide the care and resources our Native brothers and sisters need.
Met with the Bismarck Mandan Chamber today to discuss how we can work together to make sure North Dakotans are best protected and their voices are heard in the Senate.
Great news that the federal the agency overseeing federal workforce issues approved pay rate increases for more than 150 civilian employees at Minot Air Force Base. As workers flock to higher paying jobs in the oil patch, they are often leaving behind federal jobs, including needed positions at Minot Air Force Base that help the base protect our state and the country. Working together, we can fill these jobs and help make sure all North Dakota’s federal employees can afford housing and support their families, and today’s announcement is a good first step forward. In September, I brought Director Archuleta, the head of the federal agency, to North Dakota and we met with many of the civilian employees at Minot Air Force Base. Those workers are doing critical jobs, but they must be treated fairly. Director Archuleta put what she heard in Minot to action, and I’ll continue to work with her as we seek to address the challenges impacting federal employees in North Dakota. http://1.usa.gov/1ycTjgV
During the holidays, it’s easy to get caught up with buying the perfect gifts for your family and traveling to spend time with loved ones, but it’s important that we also take the time to give back. #GivingTuesday is a great reminder to set aside a few hours to volunteer in your community. Check out the below list of some of the organizations you can volunteer at in North Dakota, and sign up before your calendar fills up.
In North Dakota, small businesses employ nearly 183,000 workers and represent 96% of all employers – they are the backbone of North Dakota’s economy. When I visit towns across the state, I try to stop by the local restaurants and stores that have become staples in our communities, like Dakota Harvest, Dave Badman's Design and Waterfront Kitchen & Bath in Grand Forks, to show my support and thank them for their commitment to helping our communities and state thrive. Today, for Small Business Saturday, help support our small businesses by shopping at locally.
The U.S. Air Force’s new plan will make Powder River Training Complex the largest training airspace over the continental U.S. It will enable servicemembers at Minot Air Force Base to expand their mission, reinforcing the crucial military work done in our state, and it will bring servicemembers from around the country to this region to get top notch training to help them protect our country. At the same time, we need to also make sure the Air Force keeps its promise to limit the impact of the expansion on our communities, businesses, local airports, pilots, ranchers, and tribes who rely on our land and unobstructed air space to do their jobs. By working together with the Air Force and our local towns and businesses, we can strike the right balance between strengthening our national security and heeding the economic, cultural, and safety concerns of our communities.
Check out my op-ed for Thanksgiving thanking all the North Dakotans who make our state and country great, and encouraging everyone to continue to give back, especially around the holidays.
This Thanksgiving, I have a lot to be thankful for. North Dakota has a growing economy and innovative businesses that keep us on the cutting-edge. I’m so proud to work for North Dakotans who are thoughtful, passionate, and work hard all year to help their communities grow and keep our families safe, and I’m humbled to have a wonderful family who always has my back through thick and thin.  Hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Great news that Northrop Grumman signed a Letter of Intent for the Grand Sky business and technology park at Grand Forks Air Force Base, completing the Enhanced Use Lease project and making the Northrop Grumman a tenant at Grand Sky. The business park will have an incredible impact throughout the Grand Forks community, allowing it to fully harness the potential of the emerging and exciting Unmanned Aerial Systems technology. Grand Forks County officials, Grand Forks BRIC members, Northrop Grumman, and the Air Force have all worked hard to make today possible, and I’m proud to have been a part of these efforts. The UAS industry has the potential to greatly help our state grow and thrive, and I will continue to support efforts to make that possible.
During negotiations for the 2014 Farm Bill, I fought to make sure it included programs and policies that work for North Dakota farmers and producers. Now that the new programs are starting to take effect, it’s critical that North Dakotans have the resources they need to fully understand the new policies. Now through February, the Farm Service Agency is holding informational meetings all across the state to answer your questions about the 2014 Farm Bill and learn how it could impact you. Click below to find a meeting time and location near you.
Honored to nominate three outstanding students, Jessica Brodeur and Justin Kovich from Minot, and Barrett Sogard from Williston for admission to the nation’s military service academies. North Dakota is home to some of the best, and brightest students and these three are the cream of the crop. Jessica, Justin and Barrett have the determination, work ethic and ambition that will help them succeed at our nation’s military service academies.
The sun coming up over the Missouri River. Glad to be home.
Grand Forks is on the forefront of this burgeoning Unmanned Aerial Systems technology, which is already growing jobs, communities and businesses across the country. But even though its Test Site has been up and running since April, the FAA needs to do more to make its Test Site program a success and provide the most basic and necessary standards this industry needs to take its first steps out of infancy. That’s why I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in pressing Federal Aviation Administration for answers on the progress the agency is making to improve the UAS Test Site program and developing rules for the commercial use of UAS. I’ll continue working with the FAA to get this innovative project moving, just like I’ve been doing since last year when I brought the head of the FAA to Grand Forks. The FAA must provide this industry with the proper direction to help it take flight.
On December 8 and 9 in Fargo, I will join NDSU’s Center for Agriculture Policy and Trade Studies and Senator Hoeven to host a conference focused on finding ways to improve the transportation system for agricultural products in the Northern Plains. Over the past year, many farmers and producers have experienced burdensome agriculture transportation challenges, which have prevented them from getting many of their crops to the market. This conference will bring together farmers, elevators, and agricultural processors with key federal, state and local leaders, including officials from the U.S. Surface Transportation Board, U.S. Department of Agriculture, BNSF Railway and Canadian Pacific railways to take a look at several issues and challenges North Dakota and other Northern Plains states have faced. Click here for more details: http://1.usa.gov/1vJAsK9 and click below to register.
Today, on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, I joined a legislative push to target runaway and homeless youth as a key vulnerable group to protect against human trafficking. The number of homeless youth across the country is staggering – nearly 2 million nationwide – and that number is growing in North Dakota and surrounding states. These young people, who have nowhere else to turn, are the often the easiest and most susceptible targets for human traffickers. If we want to end the exploitation and slavery of our most vulnerable youth, we have to provide the necessary resources, shelter, and services for these young people so they realize someone out there does care about them and they do not have to give themselves to a life of being someone else’s property. For years, I’ve been fighting for better protections of our young people who need to be pulled out of this life, and working to stop the pipeline of human trafficking around the world – and I’ll keep working to tackle this issue from all sides. http://1.usa.gov/1vJXAHR
After consistent pressure and the two unfortunate train derailments near Casselton within the past year, BNSF railroad has made new commitments to improve safety. Replacing the rails near Casselton, increasing the number of tests and amount of equipment and boosting maintenance are important steps. We must do everything possible to prevent train derailments and make sure communities, like Casselton, are safe all across North Dakota. http://1.usa.gov/1vGSb4n
Nearly $345,000 in federal funds will help promote programs that are designed to reduce crashes as a result of driving under the influence, as well as injuries and deaths resulting from individuals who are riding improperly restrained in motor vehicles. Having more folks on the road is an indication of our energy and jobs boom, but it also means that our growing communities face more transportation challenges and risks. It’s our job as legislators to make sure communities have the roads and the infrastructure to continue to thrive – that’s why I’ve been pushing for a greater focus on transportation services – and it’s why I’ll keep working on measures to keep our state moving safely and efficiently.
Today at the North Dakota Association of Soil Conservation Districts Convention in Bismarck, I discussed how healthy and rich soil is the lynchpin in the success of North Dakota’s agriculture industry. Our soil – certainly among the best in the nation – allows our farmers to grow their crops effectively, make a living, feed the world, and bolster our state’s economy. It’s essential that we pursue policies and programs that support voluntary conversion efforts, like the ones I supported in the 2014 Farm Bill, to help maintain and promote healthy soil for future generations. http://1.usa.gov/1y5MzyS
Yesterday, I met NDSU football alum & national champ, Brady Hansen from Hankinson, at the NDSU football game. And I stopped by Pride of Dakota to check out all the great local products from North Dakota small businesses.
So proud of my former intern, Standing Rock member, and Center For Native American Youth Champion for Change, Danielle Finn, for being named one of Glamour magazine’s 50 Phenomenal Women of the Year Who Are Making a Difference. She is a hardworking and ambitious young women who has earned this recognition.
Look for me in the sea of yellow and green today – I’ll be at the NDSU football game cheering on the Bison!
We have new start-ups all over North Dakota, and great organizations that are helping support new entrepreneurs. For Global Entrepreneurship Week, I want to recognize the great work being done by Emerging Prairie in Fargo to foster a supportive environment for start-ups. North Dakota is home to smart and ambitious professionals, and building an environment that encourages entrepreneurs to grow starts-ups here will help our state remain on the cutting edge of innovation well into the future. As a member of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I’ll keep pushing to make sure our small businesses and start-ups have the tools they need to grow. #GEW2014
Adoptive parents open their hearts and dedicate their lives to making sure children have loving families and a place to call home. On National Adoption Day, I want to thank my 2013 and 2014 Angels in Adoption, Courtney and Bobby Williams of Dickinson and Ina Olson of Belcourt, and all of North Dakota’s adoptive parents, who each and every day, have a positive impact on the lives of adopted children.
My good friend, Eric Marts – a blind veteran who hosts Heroes of the Heartland on WDAY 970 radio (you can tune in Saturday mornings at 11:00amCT) -- has overcome obstacles that I can’t begin image. Seven years ago, Eric was hit by a roadside bomb while deployed in Iraq and soon after lost vision in both of his eyes. He is a great man, who is working hard to support fellow veterans, and discuss the challenges facing veterans today – whether it’s issues with the VA health care system or adjusting to life after deployment. I’m thrilled that Eric and his wife, Bobbie, will soon be able to move out of their trailer and into a house big enough for the two of them, and with features to help Eric do things on his own courtesy of Homes for our Troops. Watch Eric and Bobbie’s inspiring story below.
Honored to receive the Fargo Housing & Redevelopment Authority’s Super Hero for Affordable Housing award today. As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, that oversees housing issues, I’ve been working to make sure we address North Dakota’s unique housing challenges. I’ve been pushing to increase federal support for affordable housing in the state and brought the U.S. Housing Secretary to North Dakota last month to see firsthand the state’s severe housing shortage. At today's event, I met over 60 children and their families who showed me pictures of what housing means to them. The future of our communities depends on our ability to make sure housing is financially feasible, so families can feel secure in raising their children in an environment that’s strong, safe, and built to last. http://1.usa.gov/1Fa8CWo
Today at the North Dakota Farmers Union State Convention, I addressed the outlook for key agriculture policy issues in the upcoming Congress. Our farmers and their families are the backbone of communities all across North Dakota, so it’s important that we make sure they have the support and certainty they need to do their jobs and help feed the world. I’m committed to making sure the 2014 Farm Bill is implemented effectively and properly, and protecting North Dakota’s farmers from unnecessary and burdensome challenges. I’ll continue to be a strong voice for our state’s farmers in Congress, and I look forward to working with them and the North Dakota Farmers Union to help our state remain an agricultural leader.
Great news that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) will not implement its proposed rules that would have hurt North Dakota’s farmers, producers, and biodiesel production, and hindered the country’s ability to become North American energy independent. As the EPA considers its policies in the coming years, I’ll continue to press the agency not to just delay its rules, but make a good decision that supports our farmers and gives them the certainty they need to do their jobs, while showing a commitment to a true all-of-the-above energy strategy. When I brought the head of the EPA to North Dakota earlier this year, she heard the serious concerns of our farmers and renewable fuels producers. I’ll keep up the fight to make sure the EPA implements policies that support our farmers, their communities, and the important work they do for our country.
Today, for National Rural Health Day, I want to thank the hard working and dedicated doctors, nurses, lab technicians, and other health care professionals that continue to provide top-notch care for rural patients all across North Dakota. In addition to being our neighbors and community leaders, rural health care professionals commit themselves to demanding, and often times thankless, jobs that are essential building blocks for our rural communities. As I travel across North Dakota, I try to stop at rural health facilities, like the Sakakawea Medical Center in Hazen I visited last earlier this year, to thank rural health care professionals and learn about how I can help make sure they have the resources they need to care for folks in our communities. Join me today in celebrating National Rural Health Day by thanking the nurses, doctors and health care professionals in your community.
This morning, I brought together key experts and policy makers to discuss how we can get to the root of the effects of traumatic stress on Native American children, and help stop it. The scars of exposure to violence and traumatic events run deep in our tribal communities, particularly for our Native American children. Thanks to a growing body of research, we are beginning to decipher ways to treat this trauma, and more importantly, how to prevent it from happening in the first place. For years I’ve been fighting for better protections for our children – my first bill in the Senate would create a Commission on Native Children to confront adversity kids in Indian Country face, and I’ve worked closely with the Justice Department’s Task Force on violence against Native kids. We’ve come a long way – but we still have much work to do. Our Native kids are counting on us for a brighter future – and we can’t let them down. http://1.usa.gov/1vtN4oG
Today I met with my friend, Jasper Schneider, the recently-named Rural Utilities Service Acting Administrator and North Dakotan to discuss his new role and the importance of making sure rural communities have access to essential utilities. About 40 percent of North Dakota’s population lives in rural areas, so access to water systems, high-speed Internet, and reliable and affordable electricity are services families and businesses think about every day. I’m confident that Jasper will continue to stand up for rural communities, and I will keep working closely with him to help support small towns in our state and around this country. http://1.usa.gov/1r11zcf
Pushed for today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing because of the historic trauma Native kids are facing in North Dakota and across the country. Our Native children deserve a fair shot to succeed and we must help them overcome the long term impacts of traumatic stress. To continue to look into this challenge, tomorrow morning at 8:00am CT/9:00am ET, I will be leading a roundtable discussion with experts and lead policy makers about the impact of traumatic stress on Native American children and how to stop it. Native American children have a 2.3 percent higher rate of exposure to trauma and two times the rate of abuse and neglect than other ethnic groups. Click here to watch the discussion live tomorrow morning: http://1.usa.gov/1xE8CyU. We need to address violence in Indian Country on the front end. We can’t let another generation go without adequate care. We can’t just say we are working on it, because in the face of the statistics, is not an adequate response. We need real solutions with real results.
Today marks the 151st Anniversary of President Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, a speech that inspired our country to unite and work together toward a better America. Last year, I joined my fellow North Dakota Senator John Hoeven in reciting the Gettysburg Address as a sign of our bipartisanship and desire to move this country forward. As we set the tone for the new Congress, the practice of bipartisanship, compromise, and doing the work the American people sent us here to do is never more prevalent.
North Dakotans are tired of gridlock and partisanship in Congress -- as am I. We must change that and get Congress working. And the tone we use now -- whether it's about bringing us together or dividing us -- will set the tone for the new Senate. I hope more Senators will consider that tone as we move forward and help bring sides together. The American people want Congress to get to work, and only once we do that by working together can we restore trust in this body. Check out this editorial in today's Fargo Forum about this issue:
Today the U.S. Department of Justice released its new federal report offering recommendations to alleviate the current epidemic of violence experience by Native children – the first Native-community based commission on this issue. Native children dealing with the dire effects of exposure to violence has truly reached pandemic levels – and it requires our immediate attention. The report states that violence, including intentional injuries, homicide, and suicide, accounts for 75% of deaths of American Indian and Alaska Native kids between 12-20 years old. Since I was North Dakota’s Attorney General, I have been standing up for Native children, and have continued to do so in the Senate with my work on the Indian Affairs Committee and my bill to create a Commission on Native Children. And I won’t quit fighting. Because our Native kids need to know they’re not alone – they’ve got advocates who won’t give up until they’re safe, and we’re in this together – every step of the way. http://1.usa.gov/1uNqEMV
It’s disappointing that we couldn’t pass the Keystone XL pipeline today. Passing this bill would have sent a message to the American people that we are listening to them – that they want the Senate to end gridlock, vote on, and pass bipartisan legislation. And we need to look to vote on – and hopefully pass – other bipartisan legislation as well. We came so close today, and I’m committed to getting this project done in the new Congress in a few months. I’ve talked for a long time about how the Keystone XL pipeline is a key piece of energy transportation infrastructure that is in our economic, national security, and energy interests, and I’m proud to have helped in this effort by rallying support among many Democrats for this project. This process has been going on for far too long – six years – and we still don’t have an answer. That’s unbelievable. We need a true all-of-the-above energy strategy – which includes Keystone as one piece of it – to help build North American energy independence. This project is just common sense, and I’ll keep up the fight to get it done. http://1.usa.gov/1uNcdZ5
Met with the nominee to become Deputy Director of the federal agency overseeing workforce issues nationwide. I discussed with Rear Admiral Gay one of the challenges to North Dakota’s growing economy, which is that the federal workforce in North Dakota isn’t keeping up, and it needs better flexibility to help make sure these employees have the resources they need to do their jobs and earn a decent living to live in the state. The problems with recruiting and retaining these positions is impacting many industries, including energy, agriculture, law enforcement and social services in Indian Country, and many more. Rear Admiral Gay and I both agree that there’s still more work that OPM can do to better support our federal employees, and I’m encouraged by our conversation that we are focusing on these challenges as North Dakota continues to grow and develop. http://1.usa.gov/1EVGoic
Right now, I'm starting my Facebook Q&A about how the energy boom to our state has brought great rewards, but also new challenges, like increases in crime, drugs, human trafficking, crude on the rails, housing challenges, and more. We need to make sure North Dakota families are protected by addressing the new safety challenges facing our state. Through my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative, which I launched in September, I hope to draw a stronger focus on addressing these problems, while making sure North Dakotans’ safety is the top priority and building a strong North Dakota for the future. Post your question as a comment to this post and I’ll answer your questions.
I joined 30 Republican and Democratic Senators in calling for monthly bipartisan Senate lunches to build better, more productive relationships between Senators on both sides of the aisle in the upcoming Congress, and as a result, help the Senate actually pass bipartisan legislation. Watching lawmakers on the far-left and the far-right stack the deck against the American people by refusing to perform even the most basic civic duties – like passing a budget – has been absolutely shocking. We can, and must, do better. In North Dakota, we know how to set our differences aside and reach sensible agreements for the good of our communities. That’s exactly what I’ve been working to do in the Senate, but we need every Senator to chip in.
Looking forward to my Facebook Q&A tomorrow, Monday, November 17 at 6:00pm CT to answer your questions about my efforts to address North Dakota’s new safety challenges. The energy development in our state has greatly helped produce jobs and economic growth, but it has also brought new challenges – such as an increase in crime, human trafficking and infrastructure stress – that we must face head on. Learn more about my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative and my efforts to address these challenges here: http://1.usa.gov/1pR3aXf. And join my tomorrow at 6pm CT to ask me your questions.
Check out this article about my thoughts on the new Senate.
North Dakota firefighters and first responders consistently step up to the plate and protect our communities and even sought out crucial training so they can best respond to potential incidents on the rail, such as the derailmentsnear Casselton last year, and again just a few days ago. Currently, three firefighters from West Fargo and three from Fargo, at the FEMA training center on responding to potential hazmat incidents, including derailments of trains carrying materials like crude oil. I pushed hard to secure funds for this facility because I believe we need to equip our emergency personnel and first responders with the tools they need to respond to North Dakota’s emerging threats and hazards and help keep our communities safe. Through my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative, legislation and helping secure funds, I will continue to fight for necessary resources for our first responders.
Mark your calendars - Monday, November 17 at 6:00pm CT I’m holding a Facebook Q&A to discuss my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative. Come back to my Facebook page and ask your questions about my efforts to make sure North Dakota families are protected by addressing the new safety challenges facing our state. These challenges include everything from the increase in drug-related crimes, infrastructure stress, human trafficking, as well as other issues. Spread the word! http://1.usa.gov/1pR3aXf
We were lucky with yesterday's train derailment near Casselton. We were lucky the trains that derailed didn’t hurt anyone and that the crude oil train was empty. But we can’t rely on luck. We saw what happened in Casselton almost a year ago and yesterday’s incident is disappointing. There have now been five derailments along the rail lines near Casselton in nine years. We need to make sure everyone is doing everything possible to prevent future derailments. Since last year’s disaster, new federal regulations have been drafted and BNSF has taken some needed and unprecedented steps to improve inspections and safety – but all of us must continue to constantly look to do more. Immediately after the derailment happened yesterday, BNSF’s Executive Chairman Matt Rose reached out to me and his office has been keeping me apprised of any developments. The company is currently reviewing the area to determine what happened and we should wait for its findings before speculating on the cause.  Over the past year, I’ve worked closely with first responders across North Dakota, including Casselton Fire Chief Tim McLean and Fargo Fire Chief Steve Dirksen, to make sure they have the tools they need to respond to any potential incidents on the rails. Following the initial derailment in Casselton, they and other first responders across the state have stepped up to the plate and sought out crucial training so they can better protect their communities. We need everyone to do the same. Since last night, I’ve also been in touch with local officials around Casselton, and I’ll remain in close contact with them as we learn more. We have to make sure families and communities across North Dakota are safe in their homes and don’t live in fear that the next derailment could be in their town.
Today I joined Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James at Minot Air Force Base to discuss with several hundred servicemembers their strong support for a robust Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) force, the importance of our nation’s nuclear mission, and the need to improve the lives of military personnel. I’ve fought back against efforts to hurt this crucial part of our military, and I won’t give up on making sure our ICBM forces and servicemembers have the support they need to keep our country safe. This long-term commitment, that was set in motion by Secretary James earlier this year, confirms a true recognition of the need to properly support the critical work of our men and women in our ICBM forces at Minot Air Force Base and across the country.
The FBI continues to make positive steps to address the safety needs of our state by building up the law enforcement infrastructure to support our growing communities. While the energy boom has delivered undeniably great economic benefits throughout North Dakota, it has also resulted in new law enforcement and social challenges our communities have never seen before. That’s why the FBI’s commitment to begin the process of opening a permanent office in Williston is such a needed development. The FBI and I have been working closely on this issue for about a year, and I'll continue to provide as much assistance and guidance as possible as the agency works through the necessary steps to make that office a reality. We must provide the best possible resources to make sure that families and communities across our state are strong and safe.
Yesterday I met with representatives from the Grand Forks Base Realignment Impact Committee (BRIC) to discuss my ongoing efforts to support economic development at the Grand Forks Air Force Base, help harness the potential of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) throughout North Dakota, and get the Grand Sky Business Park agreement across the finish line. To fully harness the potential of the base, we must continue to work together – officials, the base, and the community – to reach innovative results, and I will continue to be an advocate for Grand Forks and our base. http://1.usa.gov/1v9c7Nv
The recent election reinforced that Congress needs to stop fighting and get to work. The tone we have right now in the Senate, sets the tone for the new Congress. Unfortunately, we’re already seeing some partisan language as it’s disappointing some senators on the other side of the aisle are just trying to take credit for the fact that the Senate is voting on approval of the Keystone XL pipeline next week. All sides deserve equal credit. We must show the American people that we want to make progress and want to work together. Only then can we restore trust in Congress. See my speech on the Senate floor this evening about this issue:
Check out this story in the Dickinson Press about how the Senate planning to vote to approve the Keystone XL pipeline -- which has bipartisan support -- is a significant development and right step toward making the Senate work again.
The clearest message from the recent election is that Congress needs to stop fighting and get its work done. We can do that by quickly taking a bold step forward and passing non-partisan legislation now to approve the Keystone XL pipeline – not waiting two, three, or four months. For some time, Senator Landrieu and I have been working together to build strong Democratic support for this project and with that support, we’ll be able to finally pass the Keystone XL pipeline and make this project happen. Let’s restore Americans’ trust in the Senate and show that we can work together to pass a bill that supports our economy and North American energy independence. http://1.usa.gov/1wow8dG
Join me for Facebook Q&A on Monday, November 17 at 6:00pm CT to discuss my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative. I will answer your questions about my efforts to make sure North Dakota families are protected by addressing the new safety challenges facing our state, including increases in drug-related crimes, human trafficking, infrastructure stress, and the movement of crude by rail through North Dakota towns, as well as other issues. The energy development in North Dakota has greatly helped our state, producing jobs and economic growth. But it has also brought new safety challenges that we must face head on. Spread the word and join my Facebook Q&A! http://1.usa.gov/1pR3aXf
While I was at Atomic Coffee in Fargo last week, I met Reily Altenburg, stepdaughter of my good friend, Eric Marts, and a member of the Army National Guard. She generously thanked me for helping Eric, her veteran stepfather who became blind after being hit by a roadside bomb in Iraq. I appreciated her kind words, but I assured Reily that I am the one that should be thanking her, her family, Eric, and the thousands of military servicemembers and their families across the country. Words can’t fully express how grateful I am for the individuals who willingly put themselves on the frontlines, and their families who sacrifice months without their loved ones so our nation can be safe. #VeteransDay
Our nation owes its freedom and success to the courageous Americans willing to stand on the front lines who defend our country and constantly strive to make it better. In North Dakota, we do a tremendous job of honoring our military and veterans, and we should take every opportunity to express our gratitude for their service. But, as I’ve been committed to doing, when they return home, we must act together and do a better job connecting our veterans with the resources and benefits they’ve earned – particularly for those veterans who live in the rural areas of our state and have faced significant challenges with access to the services they need. On this Veterans Day and every day, let’s continue to be pillars of strength and support for the veterans in our communities, and keep fighting for them – just as they did for us.
Congratulations to Minot Air Force Base for bringing home 12 competition awards from the Global Strike Challenge competition, including being named the best missile wing in the Air Force. These high honors support what I’ve always known – the men and women at Minot Air Force Base are top-notch servicemembers. So proud of their hard work and commitment to keeping our country safe.
The Red River Corridor Fund received more than $1.1 million in federal funding to incentivize private companies to help small businesses and local economies grow. When our small businesses have an environment they can thrive in, it creates more jobs and helps grow our communities and state. These funds will help encourage more private-public partnerships across the state so small businesses, private lenders, and the federal government can work collaboratively to build North Dakota’s already growing economy.
The North Dakota Department of Transportation received nearly $350,000 in federal funds to support state highway programs, including efforts to reduce impaired driving and speeding, reduce crashes from unsafe driving behavior and more. North Dakota’s population and economic growth has created many great opportunities for our state, but with that has also come new challenges. One of these challenges is the need to expand highway safety programs, which these funds will help expand so folks can safely get to and from work and school.
Today I spoke at the Basin Electric Annual Meeting in Bismarck to discuss the outlook for energy and environmental issues in the upcoming Congress and how federal regulations have impacted the energy industry in North Dakota. We must continue to push for bipartisan solutions that bring us closer to an all-of-the-above energy plan, including developing a viable path forward for coal. That’s why I brought U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz to North Dakota in August – to urge him to emulate our state’s successful approach to energy production on a national level. I will continue to work closely with the industry and Administration because together, we can attain energy policies and regulations that are both responsible and viable for our future. http://1.usa.gov/1wy5l2s
New federal grants through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will be available for North Dakota’s firefighters and first responders to help support their operations and update equipment. Since the derailment in Casselton, I’ve made first-responder training a top priority to make sure our first line of defense in North Dakota is prepared to keep our communities and themselves safe. I hope eligible fire companies will apply for these federal funds to help them get the equipment and training they need to do their jobs, protect our communities, and help guarantee they will come home to their families each night. For more information on how to apply for these grants, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1kK26vT
Cankdeska Cikana Community College will receive almost $4.5 in federal loans for a Head Start facility, and United Tribes Technical College, Sitting Bull College, Fort Berthold Community College, Cankdeska Cikana Community College and Turtle Mountain Community College will together receive more than $726,000 in federal funding to complete on-campus renovation and construction projects. I’ll keep fighting for educational opportunities and funding for our Native children and for our Head Start programs – because our community of tomorrow starts with a commitment to our kids today.
It was a great honor to attend the grand opening of the newly expanded and renovated North Dakota Heritage Center & State Museum on our state's 125th anniversary of statehood today. The Heritage Center & State Museum will create a lasting impact for our state, as it helps preserve North Dakota's culture, history, and relics for generations to come.
All across North Dakota, folks have always found a way to come together. From the vast prairies to the badlands of the west to the growing cities – every day we continue to strengthen our collective pride in this land we call home. We see this pride in the rich heritage of our Native brothers and sisters, we see it in our farmers who work from sun-up to sun-down to help feed our state and the world, and we see it in every day events like planning weddings and family reunions around harvest and season openers. Throughout the past 125 years, North Dakota and its people have come a long way – through tough times, unprecedented economic prosperity, and everything in between. But I know that with our continued dedication and unparalleled hard work, we can keep creating incredible success and opportunity – together – for 125 more years. http://1.usa.gov/13vp2x7
The North Dakota State Department of Health will receive more than $340,000 in federal funding for a range of child nutrition services, child passenger and newborn safety efforts, Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) prevention, and to help support children who have special health care needs. As our state’s population quickly grows, we have to make sure we’re addressing all of North Dakota’s health care challenges – particularly for the youngest among us. These funds will help meet the needs of children across our state, enabling them to be healthy and safe as they learn and grow.
More great moments from my surprise birthday serenade from the Georgetown Chimes.
It was such a wonderful early birthday surprise to have my former intern Connor Joseph of Grand Forks and fellow members of the Georgetown Chimes, an a cappella group from Georgetown University, sing happy birthday to me in my Washington office last week. Music is so important in all our lives and I can’t thank the Chimes enough for this incredible and moving gift. Click the video below for their rendition of “Happy Birthday” and click here for an additional performance: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJboL-iKoQk&list=UUsIiu6s5KJ_VYzpT_b1Jh4g
North Dakota State University Extension Center for 4-H Youth Development will receive more than $160,000 in federal funding to help expand and strengthen mentoring programs to keep North Dakota kids safe and prevent youth delinquency. These funds are an important step in the right direction because if we want our kids to aim high and achieve their goals, we need to foster an environment with mentors that can embolden them and help nurture their skills.
Excited to announce more than $4 million in federal funding to help farmers and ranchers in North Dakota and four other Midwest states improve the health of honey bees, which pollinate more than 130 fruits and vegetables across the country. North Dakota is the nation’s top pollinator state, and these funds will help strengthen conservation efforts that give honey bees the high-quality habitats they need to keep producing crops that keep our bodies and economy healthy. In the 2014 Farm Bill, I wrote an amendment to strengthen efforts to promote honey bee health and habitat conservation and I will continue to support investments in these all-important pollinators. Click here to read my recent op-ed on North Dakota’s honey-producing role and the need for continued conservation efforts nationwide: http://r29.co/ZhzlTE
Yesterday evening, I delivered the keynote address at the Red River Regional Council’s (RRRC) annual meeting in Grafton to discuss some of the challenges area communities have faced and how to best plan for future economic development. Earlier this year, RRRC Executive Director Dawn Keeley testified before the Senate Subcommittee I chair – which oversees rural development – and we were able to dig deeper into how to solve local issues, plan for future growth, and come up with workable solutions in rural communities that best foster economic development. I will continue to be a strong voice for North Dakota’s rural communities and help make sure they have opportunities to succeed.
Today I had the opportunity to congratulate students and teachers at Manvel Elementary School for being named a 2014 National Blue Ribbon School - an honor given to schools based on academic excellence or significant improvements made in students’ academic achievement. I wouldn’t be where I am today if it weren’t for a great education, so thank you to the students, teachers, administrators, parents, and community members who came together to help make a difference in the lives of North Dakota’s children. http://1.usa.gov/10xpREs
Standing Rock Indian Reservation’s Cannon Ball Elementary School was selected by Apple as one of the White House’s ConnectED schools, a federal program that partners with companies to increase high-speed Internet access and educational technology in classrooms across America. Now, each Cannon Ball Elementary School student will receive an iPad, each teacher will receive an iPad and a Mac, and every classroom will get Apple TV, as well as Apple Care for every product. When I talked with President Obama during his trip to Standing Rock in June, I stressed the immediate needs of our Native students at Cannon Ball Elementary. These resources will empower our Native students, enabling them to create, compete, and grow on a national level. I’ll continue fighting for programs like these that work from the ground up to help our Native students succeed.
Today, the USS North Dakota nuclear submarine was commissioned in a ceremony in Connecticut. This is truly a proud day for our state, and this boat will play an integral part of our national defense. Today, we honor the people who built the USS North Dakota, the sailors who will sail her, and all the North Dakotans who have bravely served our nation throughout the years. http://1.usa.gov/1nEClnH
Yesterday, I brought U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Julian Castro to North Dakota where we announced two major HUD initiatives to help provide more affordable housing in western North Dakota and assist with mold remediation on tribal lands. Read more about Secretary Castro’s visit and how I've continued to push for affordable housing options for North Dakota families here:
Today I brought U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Julian Castro to Williston to examine the housing challenges and needs of western North Dakota. With median rents in the oil patch increasing by 135 percent in just the past few years, it’s urgent that we address the challenges of the housing market. During today’s roundtable discussion, Secretary Castro and I announced another step in the right direction – HUD’s newly approved emergency waivers, providing public housing authorities with more flexibility to accurately reflect the needs of residents in the area. I will continue to work closely with HUD to help make sure all of our state’s communities have the necessary infrastructure to meet the growing needs of North Dakota’s families. http://1.usa.gov/1zl0qoJ
Some of our state’s greatest housing issues and needs are found in Indian Country, including on the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation. After I invited U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Julian Castro to North Dakota earlier this year, he saw these challenges firsthand today in Belcourt. Secretary Castro and I also announced $6 million in federal funding to assist with mold remediation on tribal lands, which tribes can apply to HUD for. We must develop practical solutions that work for the range of housing needs in Indian Country and today’s visit by Secretary Castro is a big step in the right direction. http://1.usa.gov/1pB8jNa
Last month, a bipartisan bill I introduced was signed into law which will help level the playing field for Indian tribes in North Dakota and across the country. The Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act will stop tribes from being unfairly taxed for programs that support health care, education, and housing assistance for Native families, making sure tribes are recognized as sovereign nations. By working together, we can continue to push for critical legislation that stands up for Native communities and families, including bills like the Violence Against Women Act. Read more about how these two bills will help make a positive difference in Indian Country here: http://bit.ly/11XmAi1
For 30 years, the Kedish House has provide a refuge for victims of domestic violence in Ellendale and surrounding counties. Combatting domestic violence is an issue I've been working on since I served as North Dakota's Attorney General in the 1990s and implemented the first Violence Against Women Act at the state level. In the Senate, I've been pushing for funding and provisions to extend protections for victims, specifically Native American women. Talking with the folks on the ground and who answer the calls for help, like those at Kedish House, is critical to making sure we address emerging challenges that are seen on the frontlines. Today was also an opportunity to thank the Kedish House for its important work to help make sure all women feel safe.
Today I brought together local business development and community leaders to discuss the essential role of rural communities in North Dakota’s economic success and ways to support new investment and growth in small towns across the state. Energy development in the Bakken has created unprecedented growth but we have to make sure this development’s success flows across the entire state. Rural communities like Ellendale are an important part of that effort, and by supporting hardworking North Dakotans and small businesses in these areas, we can continue to sustainably grow our state for future generations. http://1.usa.gov/1nr1get
Had the best burger for lunch that was made by Kent and Jocelynn at Coach’s in Edgeley.
Today I met with community leaders in Edgeley to discuss my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative, as well as emerging challenges and opportunities for rural communities in southeastern North Dakota. Every community in North Dakota, whether right in the heart of oil country or small, rural communities has indirectly or directly felt the impact of the recent economic and population growth. As our state grows, the safety of every North Dakotan must be the top priority. Talking with folks who are on the ground and working to find solutions in rural communities, like I did in Edgeley, is exactly the kind of dialogue needed to make sure we are working to keep our state strong and safe.
Today I was proud to join fellow breast cancer survivors at a Beer for Boobs event, where I shared my personal experiences with breast cancer to help raise awareness. During last year’s government shutdown, I donated part of my salary to this organization to help support critical breast cancer research and awareness. Breast cancer was a very personal struggle but it was because of the strong support of my family, friends, and organizations like Beer for Boobs that I was able to beat this disease, and I hope this great work can continue for all those affected in the fight against breast cancer.
North Dakota will receive more than $23 million in federal funding to help the state’s low-income families, Native American tribes, and seniors heat their homes during the coming winter months. It’s no secret that North Dakota winters can be brutal, and these funds are essential because they will help prevent families from being forced to choose between heat for their homes or food on the kitchen table. For more information about eligibility and applications, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1kVqakw
A new app created by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement will help keep folks informed about child predators in your area through alerts, providing an easy channel of communication to share information and news updates about arrests and prosecutions. This is a great tool to help make sure our children and families are safe.
October 15 through December 7 is the open enrollment period for Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage. This gives North Dakotans the opportunity to make sure their current coverage meets their needs, and make changes if necessary. To help make sure folks across the state get their questions answered, the North Dakota Insurance Department will be holding enrollment events in Bismarck, Grand Forks, Fargo, Valley City, Jamestown, Minot and Dickinson. Click below to learn more about events in your area. 
At the eighth annual Great Plains and EmPower ND Energy Conference, I highlighted the unprecedented energy development in North Dakota, achieved through oil, gas, renewables, cutting-edge technologies and innovations, and groundbreaking research conducted in the state. We can’t afford to be short-sighted when it comes to developing our energy resources, and that’s why I have consistently pushed for a true all-of-the-above energy strategy for North Dakota – and the country – that is forward looking. Today’s conference shows that we have successfully realized the tremendous promise of oil, natural gas, wind, and biofuels – but it’s equally important that we manage and grow our energy industry responsibly. http://1.usa.gov/1Ci0G45
Violence against women and children is unacceptable, no matter where it occurs. Today I brought together officials and advocates from Indian Country and the Bismarck/Mandan area to talk about how the Violence Against Women Act – which I implemented at a state level as North Dakota’s Attorney General when it was first enacted 20 years ago – has developed in the wake of the state’s economic boom. Too many North Dakotans are counting on us not to give up on them now—especially on our tribal lands. That’s why I fought for the provision in the latest Violence Against Women Act to make sure Native leaders have the authority to prosecute non-Native perpetrators who commit these crimes on tribal land. And it’s why I’ll never quit on the victims of these crimes, because it’s up to us as a community to end the cycle of abuse. http://1.usa.gov/ZCqrQ4
Today's announcement that a new natural gas liquid-sourced manufacturing facility will be built in North Dakota will help us take advantage of an underused resource in the Bakken, develop new products, create jobs, and better support economic development in even more communities throughout our state.
One of my nieces graduated from UND. Her husband graduated from NDSU. When their son misbehaved earlier today and was sent to a timeout, his dad got him in a (reluctant) homecoming spirit – much to the chagrin of his mom – as he stared at the wall repeating “Go Bison, go Bison…” As a UND grad, it pains me, but if that isn't appropriate for homecoming weekend, I don’t know what is.
#throwbackthursday There's never a dull moment when I'm with my family
Met with employees from Canadian Pacific Railway about the agriculture shipment delays across North Dakota, my support for rail workers, and the need for the rail company to get back on track with its shipments. Extreme backlogs have hurt our state’s farmers, unnecessarily costing them time and money. Rail workers, including those from Canadian Pacific, have shown a great deal of commitment through these difficult circumstances to help farmers and address these agriculture shipment delays – but we need those at the top of the company to get on board and make real changes. 
Today Republican Senator John Thune from South Dakota and I led a bipartisan group of 34 senators in expressing our concern to the Administration that federal rules for health care facilities do not reflect the reality of providing care in rural communities. So many North Dakotans live in rural communities, and we need to make sure any health care policies also support them. Such efforts would help make sure seniors, families, veterans, and others can access services they need in their communities, rather than forcing them to travel long distances for care. 
Today the U.S. Surface Transportation Board took new action to help address agriculture shipment delays. It will require more transparency from all railroads by having them reveal more data about their rail shipment delays of all products, including agriculture, energy, and other commodities. For more than eight months, our farmers and grain elevators have lost out because of serious agriculture shipment delays across the state. To stop these delays, prevent them in the future, and help our farmers do their jobs, we need to hold the railroads accountable. Over the past several months, I’ve been in regular contact with STB Chairman Elliot and pressed him to look at the delays in our state and determine if there’s anything the agency can do. Today’s announcement shows that the STB understands the serious consequences of delays on the rails. I will continue to work with STB Chairman Elliot to make sure we reduce this backlog so our natin’s producers, processors, and their families continue to thrive. 
Bringing domestic violence out of the shadows takes a village. For Domestic Violence Awareness Month in October, today I brought together officials and advocates in Fargo to talk about how far we have come in stopping domestic violence with the 20th anniversary of the enactment of the Violence Against Women Act, and discuss how there is still a great deal of work to do.The annual incidences of domestic violence have fallen more than 60% since the Violence Against Women Act was passed and I implemented it as North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s. This law’s passage told women who were victims of domestic and sexual abuse that they were no longer alone, and that domestic violence was no longer going to be treated as just a public health issue, but as what it is – a criminal act. As a U.S. Senator, the first bill I cosponsored and help pass was legislation to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. And I fought to make sure the bill included needed protections for Native American women, a population that I have been calling for extra protections for I served as North Dakota’s Attorney General. I will continue to work to bring domestic violence out of the shadows and make sure victims know they’re not alone, and today’s discussion was an important step to do that. http://1.usa.gov/1uBPSxr
Today I spoke at the North Dakota Hospital Association’s 80th Annual Convention to highlight the importance of supporting quality health care providers in rural communities throughout North Dakota so families throughout the state have access to quality care. I grew up in a town of just 90 folks, where my family made up a tenth of our community’s population – a reminder to me every day that where families make their homes in North Dakota shouldn’t dictate the quality or level of health care. We need to keep pushing to expand access to affordable, top-notch health care in rural areas all across our state because it’s an important resource that all North Dakotans need and deserve. 
One of my top priorities was to pass a Farm Bill that protected and worked for North Dakota farmers and ranchers. In just a year and a half, we passed a comprehensive, long-term Farm Bill, though there’s still a lot of work to do to make sure the new provisions and programs are implemented as intended and that North Dakotans understand their options. Check out this article that lists the resources available to better understand new Farm Bill provisions, including websites and upcoming meetings. 
Today I visited with students at West Fargo High School and participated in Microsoft-partnership computer science classes that mentors and trains students for work in high-tech fields. Our kids are the future of this communities and our state, and it’s our job to help them gain the skills they need to succeed. Because of the investments Microsoft has made in developing its future talent in our schools, we are already seeing our kids flourish with a rich education in science, mathematics, and technology. These types of educational investments continue to keep our economy strong and our communities safe, and I’ll keep pushing for programs that help our younger North Dakotans thrive, every single day. http://1.usa.gov/1s9Z1wu
Today I presented local Vietnam War Veteran Sergeant Richard Meyer, from Hankinson, with his Purple Heart Certificate and new medals he had previously earned while serving in the Army in 1967. I’m committed to making sure we continue to thank those who served and that our veterans are never forgotten. Whether it is to award a hero like Sergeant Meyer his Purple Heart certificate and high honor medals today, decades after he earned them, or by getting our men and women in uniform the access to care they need when they come home from battle – I’ll continue to be a voice for our veterans every single day. http://1.usa.gov/1rSA4UD
Today I helped announce a training session in Fargo to educate and better prepare first responders and emergency personnel on the proper handling of rail cars, when handling potential derailments of cars carrying crude oil and other hazardous materials – something we all saw the seriousness of when a train carrying crude oil derailed near Casselton last December. That’s why I introduced a bill earlier this year to help make sure first responders and emergency personnel have the tools and resources they need to respond to incidents on the rails. And this training will take a similar approach, preparing our state’s brave first responders for potential derailments, enabling them to effectively keep North Dakota’s communities strong and safe. http://1.usa.gov/1BJ5YVU
Today I helped honor the City of Grand Forks for being named the 2014 Google eCity for North Dakota  to recognize its strong online business community. Grand Forks small businesses have reinforced that by harnessing the power of the Internet to build customers, grow businesses, and boost the local economy. I’m proud of all the hardworking folks who help strengthen the online business community in Grand Forks and truly represent some of the best of what North Dakota has to offer. And I greatly appreciate Google’s continued commitment to support North Dakota’s small businesses. http://1.usa.gov/1trPz3T
October is Head Start Awareness Month, and a great opportunity to talk about the positive impact Head Start has had for over 31 million kids nationwide. Investing in our kids is one of the most important things we can do, and I will continue to make sure we expand opportunities so more children can take advantage of the positive impacts of Head Start.
Looking forward to cheering on the UND Football team today. Go green and white!
It’s October 3, so you know what that means – it’s Mean Girls Day. In honor of the classic American teen comedy, read my list of what it would be like if Mean Girls were from North Dakota.  
Today SaskPower officially opened Boundary Dam Power Station in Canada, the world’s first commercial-scale carbon capture and storage process on a coal-fired power plant. From my more than a decade working at Dakota Gasification in North Dakota, and from visiting the construction of the SaskPower facility just over a year ago, I understand just how important it is that we look to the future in how we harness our energy. Coal is a key resource in both Canada and the U.S., and through the development of clean coal technology, we can create North American independence and energy security, while also reducing emissions. We need to develop more clean coal plants to make that possible, and in the U.S., we can learn from the steps Canada has taken to find a realistic path forward for coal.
Today I spoke at the Lignite Energy Council’s Annual Meeting in Bismarck about the importance of creating a viable path forward for coal. In North Dakota, coal provides 80 percent of the electricity and supports more than 13,000 jobs. That is why I introduced a bill that would support a realistic path forward for coal by investing in advanced clean coal technologies to sustain coal-fired power well into the future. http://1.usa.gov/1xCRPfw
Read more on how I pushed for $5 million in federal funds for a training facility in Pueblo, CO that can help North Dakota first responders prepare for hazardous incidents on the rails, like the derailment of a crude oil train near Casselton last December. The funds will allow the facility to train 1,700 more first responders nationwide – 680 of which are expected to be trained specifically on the transport of crude oil by rail. This is important investment to make sure our first responders have the training they need to keep our families and communities safe, and I hope more North Dakota first responders take advantage of it. 
Today I launched a new video to help encourage motivated North Dakotans to apply for internships in my North Dakota and Washington, D.C. offices by giving them a firsthand look at the unique experience of interning in my offices and hearing stories from past interns. Interning is an incredible opportunity to learn not only about public policy, but to see government in action and I hope more students and recent graduates to apply to join my team. Check it out below. Also, happy to announce eight talented and hardworking interns that are joining my offices this fall. http://1.usa.gov/1wY0ANQ
Great to meet with North Dakota veteran, Jim Nelson. Appreciate his hard work and collaboration as we figure out how to work together and make sure our veterans get the benefits and care they earned.
Since the Casselton derailment last December, I’ve been working to make sure our first responders, who are our communities’ first line of defense, have the necessary training and equipment to handle emerging threats and hazmat situations, like the transportation of crude oil on the rails. After pushing to increase investments in facilities to provide necessary training, $5 million in federal funds will be used to support a federal training center in Pueblo, CO for first responders. Several North Dakota first responders have already gone to the facility for training sessions, and the funds will enable the facility to train more first responders on how to handle dangerous incidents on the rails. Making sure our first responders get the training and resources to keep our communities safe is a must – and that’s what I’m working to do through my RESPONSE Act and Strong and Safe Communities Initiative. 
via Refinery29
Today I spoke at a ribbon cutting event to celebrate the opening of the newly-constructed runway at Minot Air Force Base. The courageous servicemembers at Minot Air Force Base defend our nation every day, and we need to make sure they have the best facilities and resources they need to do their jobs. This reconstruction project was long overdue and takes an important step toward fulfilling that pledge. And we can’t forget that the completion of this project means military families will now be able to reunite as several had to separate during renovations. As a staunch advocate for our servicemembers and their families, I'll continue to make sure they have the tools and resources they need. http://1.usa.gov/1u6DKnC
It’s National Honey Month and I’m celebrating with an op-ed on Refinery29 about how North Dakota is the country’s number-one honey producer. Our honeybees help pollinate American staples like almonds, apples, and blueberries. Help create a little buzz about North Dakota’s busy bees – read and share my op-ed in Refinery29. 
Excited to announce Cankdeska Cikana Community College and Turtle Mountain Community College received a total of more than $2.8 million in federal funding to help train Native men and women for new careers in health care professions. Native families need the same opportunities all of us do to grow up healthy and strong. A key piece to making sure that happens is enabling communities to have trained health care professionals to provide necessary services. These funds will help implement educational programs in Indian Country, and set folks on the road to success with exciting new careers that will create lasting and positive impacts for their own lives and those of Native families throughout North Dakota.
In an effort to curb the rise of prescription drug abuse across the country and in North Dakota, I encourage North Dakotans to participate in National Drug Take-Back Day tomorrow, Saturday, September 27. Folks can bring their unused and unwanted prescription drugs to locations at the Grand Forks Air Force Base and West Fargo Police Department anonymously and with no questions asked. More than half of prescription drugs are obtained through friends or family – usually without them knowing and Drug Take-Back Day gives North Dakotans an opportunity to help in this fight. Starting in October, pharmacies, including those located in hospitals and clinics, and other authorized locations will be able to collect unused prescription drugs on site and also through an authorized mail-in option year-round.  
Participated in a ribbon cutting ceremony for a new women’s dormitory at Fort Berthold Community College. Today the dorm was dedicated to Alyce Spotted Bear, my good friend and the inspiration for my first bill in the Senate to create a Commission on Native Children. The addition of this dorm is a great investment in North Dakota’s Native students.
Brought OPM Director Archuleta to meet with top federal officials in the state to discuss how we can turn around the trend of federal workers in western North Dakota leaving their jobs for a variety of reasons, most notably for better salaries so they can meet the skyrocketing housing costs in the region. We need to support federal civilian workers who enable growth to continue in North Dakota through needed law enforcement, permitting, and agriculture jobs. By raising federal workers’ salaries when needed, listening to the challenges they face, and preparing students for open jobs in these fields, we can build the federal workforce of the future. http://1.usa.gov/1t2XQuK
Hosted a roundtable discussion with OPM Director Archuleta and federal agencies to discuss the issues they face filling and retaining law enforcement and social work positions in Indian Country, jobs at federal oil and natural gas permitting offices, and positions in the natural resources and engineering fields.
Gave Native students at Fort Berthold Community College the opportunity to talk directly with OPM Director Archuleta about career opportunities in the federal workforce.
Today I brought Office of Personnel Management Director Katherine Archuleta to Minot Air Force Base to learn firsthand about the challenges federal employees at Minot Air Force Base face and the need to make sure salaries for civilian workers keep pace with highly competitive job market and rapidly skyrocketing housing costs in western North Dakota. The Administration needs to make sure federal workers in North Dakota who help keep our nation safe are treated and paid fairly for their hard work and that’s why I invited Director Archuleta here today so she could hear directly from civilian workers at the Base. The Administration must take action by developing practical strategies which take into account North Dakota’s unique job market. http://1.usa.gov/1t2pCrf
Eligible urban, rural, and tribal communities across North Dakota can now apply to become designated Promise Zones – a federal program that helps them create jobs, spur economic growth, improve educational opportunities, and reduce violent crime. I encourage all eligible communities across the state to apply so they can have a chance to grow their economies, create more jobs, and help make their communities strong and safe. Click below to learn how to apply, see what the eligibility requirements are, and find out more information. http://1.usa.gov/1ohLdus  
Excited that ONEOK will invest again in North Dakota--this time with $480-$680 million for natural gas processing facilities, which reduce flaring, provide jobs, increase revenue & harness more natural gas in our great state for years to come. See this photo from my visit to ONEOK’s facility in Williston last January.
Less than a week left for North Dakota livestock producers who experienced grazing losses due to drought and fire since October 2011 to apply for assistance through the Livestock Forage Disaster Program. Starting on October 1, livestock producers may see a reduction in the amount of disaster relief they can receive. Making sure North Dakota farmers, growers and producers receive the support they deserve was something I fought for in the Farm Bill which Congress passed, and why it was important to make the Livestock Forage Disaster Program permanent. 
Today I brought officials from the U.S. Departments of Homeland Security and Justice to train North Dakota law enforcement and victims service providers on important ways to identify and help prevent potential incidents so North Dakota’s communities will be safer and more prepared to combat this heinous crime. I’m working to make sure communities and law enforcement across the state have the knowledge and tools they need to tackle the growing problem of human trafficking in our state head-on, while also drawing Congress’ attention to this problem. Earlier this month, I launched my Strong & Safe Communities Initiative to bring a stronger focus to many of the new challenges facing our state, including the rise of human trafficking. By acknowledging these new issues and working together to stop them, we can make sure North Dakota’s communities remain safe for everyone. 
North Dakota livestock producers who experienced grazing losses due to drought or fire since October 2011 can apply for assistance through the Livestock Forage Disaster Program before October 1, 2014 to bypass possible reductions in the amount of disaster relief they can receive. When I helped write and pass the Farm Bill, I fought to make sure it made this program, and other livestock disaster programs, permanent so North Dakota farmers and producers have support and certainty to maintain their operation and continue feeding the world.  Click below for more details. 
Today I spoke with some of North Dakota’s best and brightest female leaders about the presence of human trafficking in our state. To help train them about identifying and reporting potential occurences of human trafficking, I brought officials from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to speak about signs to keep an eye out for. Human trafficking is an unfortunately growing problem in North Dakota and it’s an issue I’ve been working on since last fall. Combatting these horrific crimes will truly take a community-wide effort, and I’m glad the women from the North Dakota Women’s Network Conference are willing to do their part to keep our communities and families safe. http://1.usa.gov/1wAJhCo
To commemorate Suicide Prevention Month, I joined folks in Bismarck at the Out of Darkness Community Walk to help raise awareness, prevent suicide and end the stigma of depression and other mental disorders. Suicide is the eighth leading cause of death in North Dakota and the second leading cause of death for individuals between 10 to 34 years old nationwide. Boosting our mental health services across the state, particularly in rural communities will help make sure more North Dakotans get support. Together we can work to better identify warning signs, understand how to discuss the subject and increase suicide awareness across the state. http://1.usa.gov/1yjSJyz
North Dakota received more than $200,000 in federal funds from the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration to maintain the safety of pipelines and protect North Dakotans from potential pipeline incidents. As the occurrence of transporting hazardous materials increases, we need to make sure we are taking all the necessary safety steps, and that our first responders have the resources and training they need to respond to emerging threats and hazards. These funds will help make sure our state’s pipelines that carry gas and hazardous materials are safe and our communities and families are protected. 
This week, the Senate and House took a huge step forward and came together to pass my bipartisan bill, which I introduce with Republican Senator Jerry Moran, to level the playing field for Native families. It will enable tribal governments to decide which programs best help their communities thrive, just as local and state governments do. For too long, that hasn’t been the case. I’ve heard stories of the IRS questioning a tribal government’s ability to provide school supplies to elementary school children, or levying a tax on a ramp erected for a tribal elder to access her home. This law shows that we respect tribal sovereignty by making sure tribal citizens get the rights they deserve. http://1.usa.gov/YYpEtf
Voted tonight to keep the government running. I also supported small businesses by voting to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, which supports $99 million in ND exports abroad, and to authorize training for Syrian rebels in a limited capacity to help end the threat of ISIL to our national security. See my full statement: 
Met with Nick Archuleta and Karen Askerooth from North Dakota United to talk about how we can provide the best education for North Dakota students.
Met with U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chairman Tim Massad to discuss its work to protect North Dakotans from market fraud and systemic risks.
Spoke at Minot Task Force 21's conference about the importance of investing not only in military technology and platforms, but also supporting the military personnel and families performing these missions. Efforts to increase manpower, make work schedules more stable for families, and provide scholarships and bonus pay to attract more soldiers to these career paths are excellent first steps, but there’s always more we can do – and that's where my focus will remain.
This week, the Senate passed my bipartisan bill to help reduce the backlog of oil and natural gas permits on federal land in North Dakota. The bill would make permanent the federal program to speed up the review of oil and gas permits on public lands, and enable us to fully harness all of the development and growth throughout the state.  North Dakota’s economy, population, and energy development are growing by the day and we should all play our part to help support that responsible growth, including the federal government. As a vocal advocate for a true all-of-the-above approach to energy development, I know this bill will help bring us one step closer to achieving North American energy security and independence. 
Met with members of the Norwegian Parliament to discuss North Dakota’s Norwegian heritage. Had to thank them for the expressions “uff da,” and “you betchya”, delicious home cooked lefsa and the many other Norwegian influences we embrace in North Dakota.
It’s a great honor to receive the Fueling Growth Award for the second straight year. North American energy security and independence are vital to our future economic success, and investing in renewable energy like ethanol is a major part of that effort. A true all-of-the-above approach to energy production and the Renewable Fuel Standard are two essential pieces in the puzzle to a sustainable energy policy that will support farmers and their families across North Dakota, and put our country on a viable path moving forward. This honor renews my commitment to making sure ethanol and other biofuels remain integral parts of our nation’s energy mix. http://1.usa.gov/1u7JwTA
North Dakota faces a serious housing crisis, and I pressed the top U.S. official housing official to look at the new Fair Market Rents in North Dakota – which help low-income households reduce the share of their income that goes to rent – as I’m concerned they do not reflect the real cost of housing in the state, which has soared. Noting North Dakota has seen a 7.6 percent increase in population since 2010, and that some average rental rates in Williston and Dickinson top the charts as the most expensive in the nation. 
Today the Environmental Protection Agency heeded my request, with Republican Senator Deb Fischer, to extend the public comment period on the agency’s proposed rule to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants and provide more time to review these complex new rules so states, utilities, and others potentially impacted by them can comment on them. We need real, workable solutions for implementing rules that reduce emissions, but do not hinder job growth or the reliability of our electrical system and that recognize the important role of coal-fired power in our generating mix for the foreseeable future. To accomplish that, everyone impacted by the rules should be able to have a say, and this extension helps allow that to happen. 
Today at a Senate Banking Hearing, I stressed the need to support credit unions and small banks while also improving the relationship between the regulators and the regulated. 
It’s long overdue that we end the the startling wage gap between men and women and make sure they receive equal pay for equal work. I voted to end that gap, but it was once again blocked by Senate Republicans – for the second time in five months. By only earning just 77 cents to every dollar that men earn, women keep trying to catch up but get caught in a vicious cycle. Equal pay for equal work shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We have to correct this problem and we have to get it right – and I won’t stop fighting for it until the pay gap is zero. 
Learn more about my new Strong and Safe Communities Initiative that includes a task force made up of community leaders across the state in this KMOT story. Together we will make sure the focus remains on keeping North Dakota families safe and communities strong. 
ICYMI – I was joined by Hess Corporation CEO John Hess as I guest co-hosted CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning to discuss the importance of opening up crude oil exports. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lSBNoh1SsU&feature=youtu.be 
Leaving Fargo on a beautiful Sunday morning. Miss North Dakota already.
Big day in Fargo for College GameDay today! Amazing crowd cheering on NDSU and I'm just soaking in the excitement. Go #Bison!
Today marks the 20th Anniversary since the enactment of the Violence Against Women Act. The passage of the VAWA in 1994 was a long overdue acknowledgement of a problem that existed in the shadows for far too long. When I served as North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s, I implemented this law at a state level. Reducing domestic violence was, and remains, one of my top priorities. This law's passage told women who were victims of domestic and sexual abuse that they were no longer alone, and let abusers know that we were coming after them. When I came to the Senate, one of the first bills I cosponsored and helped pass, was the reauthorization of this law with a key provision to provide crucial protections for Native American women, a population that I have been calling for extra protections for since my time as Attorney General. But we can’t sit on the sidelines and think that our work is done. This change won’t be achieved by just new laws and programs, but instead it requires a renewed commitment to stop domestic violence everywhere. It takes a culture change to really transform the way we address domestic violence. This law has made a huge difference, and if we continue to work together to bring the problems of domestic violence to light and hold the entire system accountable, we will find more progress and protections in the years to come, and make sure that every woman is safe. 
Today I launched my new Strong and Safe Communities Initiative to help address some of the emerging challenges facing the state by bringing a greater focus to keeping North Dakota’s communities strong and families safe in their homes. North Dakota has reaped major rewards from the state’s energy boom – we have the lowest unemployment rate in the nation, 27,000 open jobs, and innovation and development happening every day. But with the unprecedented population and economic growth also comes new law enforcement, infrastructure, and safety challenges. Through my new Strong and Safe Communities Initiative, I’m working to reinforce a goal that I have long talked about and that the derailment last December of a train carrying crude oil near Casselton reminded many of us: North Dakota’s top priority must be to keep our families safe and protected in their homes and communities. Everything else comes second. This initiative also includes a new task force of North Dakota community leaders from across the state, which aims to raise awareness about these new challenges and provide a tangible plan to address them moving forward.http://1.usa.gov/1xV6Fiz
Honored to be recognized by the North Dakota Auto Dealers for my work to address issues most important to their industry.
Met with the National Bison Association today to discuss the current status of the bison industry and my support to designate November 1 as National Bison Day.
Today I led a bipartisan group of 53 Senators in calling on the EPA to provide a 60-day extension for the public comment period on the EPA’s proposed rule to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants. Implementing a sweeping regulatory change that impacts the nation’s entire electrical generation system is not something that can, or should, be done on an expedited timetable. Folks need a chance to digest the complex rule proposed by EPA to make accurate and appropriate assessments of their abilities to meet these standards. Especially in a state like North Dakota, where we still generate a majority of our electricity from coal-fired power, but also generate and transmit a lot of fossil and renewable electricity for neighboring states, it’s critical and that everyone has a chance to weigh in on policies that impact their homes, their businesses, and their communities. 
The airports in Mohall, Lakota, Beach, Glen Ullin, Bottineau and Linton will receive a total of more than $1 million in federal funds to make improvements and updates. Since I brought FAA Administrator Huerta to North Dakota in April, our state has seen continued investment in our aviation infrastructure and industry. These funds reaffirm the FAA’s commitment to helping our state address the exponential growth and demand for air travel, while also realizing the great economic impact airports have in our communities. 
Today – and every day - we remember the thousands of lives lost on 9/11, and we support the loved ones they left behind. Among those innocent victims were North Dakotans Al Marchand, Robert Rasmussen, and Ann Nelson. Their memories live on in the family and friends they deeply impacted during their shortened lives and they will never be forgotten. My thoughts and prayers are with Al’s, Robert’s, and Ann’s families and friends, and the countless other Americans whose lives were forever changed by the horrific attack.
ICYMI - Today at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing on rail challenges, I reinforced that agriculture shipment delays on the rails in North Dakota  are having real economic consequences for our farmers and grain elevators. North Dakota farmers deserve better than the delays, unclear numbers and uncertainty they are currently getting from railroad companies. That’s why I’ll continue to put pressure on railroad companies to reduce their delays and institute policies to prevent them from happening again, as well as press the U.S. Surface Transportation Board to hold the railroads accountable. http://1.usa.gov/1xKA66B
The airports in Grand Forks, Jamestown and on Fort Berthold Indian Reservation will receive a total of more than $4 million in federal funds to make needed improvements and updates as they work to keep up with demand. Our airports provide lifelines to our communities – promoting economic development, tourism, job growth, and so much more – and by helping them expand, we’re also improving safety for passengers and airport personnel. In April, I brought the head of the Federal Aviation Administration to North Dakota to see the aviation challenges facing the state, and since then, there have been strong federal investments to support North Dakota’s airports.  
Today I’m participating in a Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation hearing at 1:30pm CT to discuss my work to improve the agriculture shipment delays caused by rail car backlog. Since last February, I’ve been pushing on all sides – railway industry, North Dakota grain elevators and farmers, and government agencies to make sure the problems are addressed and steps are made to prevent future problems.  Watch the hearing live from the Senate Committee’s homepage below. 
Met with the North Dakota Farmers Union today in DC to talk about my commitment to making sure Farm Bill implementation protects North Dakota farmers. Thanks so much for the Golden Triangle Award for outstanding leadership on issues affecting family farmers and rural America.
Met with the North Dakota Hospital Association today about the challenges and improvements at hospitals across the state. I will continue to work with North Dakota hospital administrators and health care professionals to make sure we address North Dakota’s unique health care needs.
Honored to meet Dave Wheeler from Larimore Elementary and Joel Bickford from Bottineau Junior Senior High School who were selected as North Dakota’s Principals of the Year. Grateful for their hard work and commitment to providing quality education to North Dakota students.
Today at the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, I highlighted the crucial support communities banks provide for rural Americans and the need to make sure new rules are effective, but not overly burdensome. I’ll keep a close watch to see that they walk that line. That’s why I brought FDIC Chairman Martin Greunberg to North Dakota to hear directly from local bankers on these issues, and in March I called on the President to nominate a Federal Reserve Governor with community bank experience. I’ll keep pushing for standards that aren’t simply one-size-fits-all because a community bank in Rugby, North Dakota doesn’t have much in common with a global bank – and they shouldn’t be treated the same way. http://1.usa.gov/1qdBcDY
The Senate took a step in the right direction toward righting some misguided decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court, which has allowed big money to drown out the voices of everyday North Dakotans in campaigns. I helped move forward legislation to set reasonable spending limits on campaigns to make sure North Dakotans don’t get swallowed up by the deep pockets of special interests, while also allowing states’ to make their own local campaign finance rules. We need more transparency in our electoral process – just as I’ve been fighting for since I was North Dakota’s Attorney General – and that means making sure everyone’s voices have equal footing. 
Cankdeska Cikana Community College in Fort Totten will receive more than $675,000 in federal funds to develop a new Native American Research Center for Health. Encouraging Native American students to become involved in academic research, addressing the health disparities in Indian Country and expanding medical research opportunities in North Dakota are all important to keep our state on a successful path forward – and these funds do just that. 
Read the Williston Herald’s in-depth look at the presence of human trafficking in North Dakota and the horrific realities that are plaguing our state. I’ve been working to make sure victims get the support they need, and I’m confident that if we work together within our communities and provide the necessary resources to local organizations and law enforcement to address this problem, we can combat human trafficking in our state. http://www.willistonherald.com/news/modernized-slavery/article_84e257d8-3615-11e4-a4f8-001a4bcf887a.html 
Today I joined in paying tribute to the horse culture of the Great Plains Tribes and celebrating North Dakota's rich Native history and culture at the 45th Annual United Tribes Technical College Pow Wow's Forth Grand Entry. I always enjoy spending time with such dear friends and meeting new ones.
Our aviation industry is helping make it possible for our local and state economies to thrive, and enabling so much of the growth and development to take place in North Dakota. At the North Dakota General Aviation Jobs Rally in Grand Forks, I talked about how we have the opportunity to build the workforce of today and tomorrow so that it’s filled with North Dakotans who can do the high-tech work that is part of this growing industry. It’s one of the many reasons why we need to continue investing in STEM education to help our students learn the science, technology, engineering, and math fields that will help them innovate, create, and harness these jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1qu7hGx
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is holding trainings in New Town and Williston on September 10 - 12 for health care professional to learn how to identify victims of human trafficking. As we see the threat of human trafficking growing in North Dakota, it’s important that we work together as a community to keep our families and children safe, and these trainings play an important role in doing that.   
Today I testified at the U.S. Surface Transportation Board during a field hearing in Fargo to discuss my commitment to continuing to hold the railroads accountable for agriculture shipment delays across the state. I’ve been pushing on all sides – the rail roads, grain elevators and government agencies – such as the STB, to make sure our farmers know that their crops will get to market and not sit on the side of the road. Last week, I called out Canadian Pacific for its new, yet seriously flawed, system that ignores thousands of current unfulfilled requests from grain elevators. We need to keep pushing on the railroads to make more changes and end the backlog, and today’s hearing was a needed step.  http://1.usa.gov/1xgHw1a
Today at 1:00pm CT I’ll be testifying at the Surface Board Transportation field hearing in Fargo about agriculture shipment delays across the state. Watch live below. 
Are you or someone you know interested in learning more about service academies? Come to the Raymond J. Bohn Armory in Bismarck on September 3 from 6 – 7:30 pm to meet with representatives from the Air Force, Naval and Military Academies and with Service Academy Coordinators from all of North Dakota’s congressional delegation, including my office, and get your questions answered.
Today I slammed the U.S. Postal Service for going back on its promise to keep more hours of operation at rural post offices across North Dakota. I called on USPS to reverse its destructive decision and launched a new petition, as part of my Fix My Mail initiative, for North Dakotas to join together and express their outrage while pressuring the Postal Service to change its new plan. How can we trust anything the Postal Service says when it promises one thing and does another? Through my Fix My Mail campaign, I’ve heard terrible stories from North Dakotans all across the state about serious problems with mail delivery and service. That must change, and we need our post offices to be fully operational to help make that possible.
Thank you to all the North Dakotans, who day in and day out work hard to provide a roof over their family, put meals on the table, and are helping grow our state’s economy. I appreciate all that they do, and will continue to fight to make sure they have fair shot to succeed. Happy Labor Day.
Today I called out Canadian Pacific Railway for the company’s new, yet seriously flawed, system to handle the delays of agriculture shipment in North Dakota that ignores the current number of unfulfilled requests from grain elevators. Just over a week ago, some grain elevators using Canadian Pacific reported past-due cars ranging anywhere from 200 to 2,000 cars, but under the new system, those delays range from zero to 50 cars.  But it isn’t because Canadian Pacific has fulfilled those requests. Rather, it’s because Canadian Pacific is making grain elevators cancel most of their open orders, leaving them without certainty that they will receive the cars they need under the new system while preventing them from selling the grain that has been delayed for months. Our farmers and grain elevators are suffering, and just leaving crops from the past few months that haven’t been shipped – because of the railroad’s failure to deliver cars – on the side of the road hurts us all, including our state’s economy. While Canadian Pacific’s new reporting system may provide more transparency in the long run, the company cannot just sweep under the rug the delays of the past year and start from scratch.
Students interested in learning more about service academies can get their questions answered, meet with representatives from the Air Force, Naval and Military Academies and Service Academy Coordinators from all of North Dakota’s congressional delegation, including my office, and learn more about the nomination process at an event on September 3 from 6 – 7:30pm at Raymond J. Bohn Armory in Bismarck.
North Dakota will receive more than $250,000 in federal funds to improve training programs designed to encourage kids to make healthy food choices. Making sure students have healthy meals at school and that they’re making smarter food decisions can help them better focus in class and improve academic performance. That is why I introduced a bill  in April to help schools purchase the equipment they need to provide healthier meals and to train personnel on the new nutritional standards. 
North Dakota juniors and seniors interested in public service and government can now apply for the U.S. Senate Youth Program. The program is a week-long intensive look at the relationship between the three branches of the federal government and the responsibilities of elected and appointed officials. It’s a great opportunity for North Dakota’s brightest students to experience the democratic process firsthand. Student delegates receive an all-expenses paid trip to Washington, D.C. by The Hearst Foundations and a $5,000 college scholarship. The deadline is October 17, 2014. 
Yesterday in Minot, White House Drug Czar Michael Botticelli and I announced more federal support to combat the increase in drug crime and trafficking in North Dakota. Last year, I brought the former Drug Czar to North Dakota to reinforce that the federal government needs to make stopping drug crime in our state a priority. Since that trip, we have seen strong federal investments to stop drug crime in our state. It’s good news that is continuing and that we’re working on a coordinated response from law enforcement. 
Today I brought a top official with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to North Dakota to press the agency about the need for a permanent flood control plan for the city and Souris River Basin to better protect residents. The 2011 flood damaged more than 4,100 homes in Minot, Ward County and the Souris River Basin and forced more than 11,000 people from their homes. The best way to protect North Dakotans from destructive flooding is to make sure there is a long-term, permanent flood protection plan in place, and I’ll keep pressing the Army Corps to make that happen. http://1.usa.gov/1w65b41
Today I joined the White House Drug Czar to release a new national strategy to combat drug crimes and trafficking across the country, with a particular focus on addressing the growing drug problems in North Dakota.  As North Dakota’s former Attorney General, I understand the law enforcement challenges facing our state, and making sure North Dakota’s families and communities are safe is a must. The Administration has taken our concerns seriously since I brought the former Drug Czar to our state last summer, and pledged to dedicate resources to combat drug crime in North Dakota. Since then, the Administration has followed up with real action and support, and today’s announcement is another step in continuing that pledge. http://1.usa.gov/1pY1jvS
More than $700,000 in federal funds will be given to Grand Forks International Airport to construct a taxiway. After I brought the FAA Administrator to our state, including Grand Forks, this spring to look at the challenges our airports have faced, the Administration has followed through on its commitment to make smart and much-needed investments in North Dakota, and these funds are an important part of that commitment. 
Today a spoke at a ribbon cutting ceremony for the new U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Devils Lake. For nearly a decade, area veterans have been awaiting the opening of the clinic so they could receive top-notch care they were promised closer to home. We need to make sure all veterans – including those living in rural communities – get the care they deserve. The opening of this CBOC in Devils Lake will help support that goal by providing hundreds of eligible veterans with access to quality rural health care. http://1.usa.gov/XvBfiA
Great news that North Dakota will get nearly $500,000 in federal funds to help our airports better coordinate to accommodate the growing use of air travel. In April, I brought the U.S. Transportation Secretary to North Dakota to show him how the drastic population increase in the state reinforces that we need to upgrade our aviation infrastructure to keep up with demand. Since then, we have announced $35 million in federal funding to make needed improvements and upgrades at airports across the state. 
Yesterday, I spoke at the Independent Community Banks of North Dakota's annual convention to highlight the vital role they play in North Dakota. Having grown up in a small, rural town, I have seen firsthand just how critical community banks are to the livelihoods of families, businesses, and communities all across our great state. They help hardworking families buy homes, provide loans for small businesses and farms, and help rural communities grow and thrive.  Promoting local economic growth is critical to our state’s success and I’ll fight to make sure community banks can make North Dakota an economic model for the nation. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f45da2bd-fe87-419d-a592-c360e49ccb3e
The Griggs County Telephone Company will receive a $4.7 million federal loan to expand and upgrade service and access to high-speed Internet in rural communities throughout the county. Access to high-speed Internet helps our students get a stronger education, enables workers to get the job training they need, and is a key part of our economic future. These funds are a welcome development for Griggs County and I’ll keep working to build out this infrastructure in small towns and communities all across North Dakota. 
Accepted the #ALSIceBucketChallenge from my brother, Joel.  Joined a bunch of my siblings in helping to raise awareness through some family bonding. Who else will join us?
Today I spoke with local law enforcement and some old friends from my time serving as our state’s Attorney General at the North Dakota Peace Officers Association Convention. North Dakota’s recent growth and prosperity has presented us with many opportunities, but it has also brought with it many challenges for the state’s various law enforcement officers. However, I know no matter how great the challenges may be, our North Dakota Peace Officers will rise to meet them, and I look forward to continuing my longstanding relationship with our state’s law enforcement as I continue working to make sure they have the resources needed to handle these new challenges. http://1.usa.gov/1kE1hu5
It was great to have the Stanley Cup in North Dakota yesterday. Who knew it had to be given baths? Like/share if you were part of the 5,000 people who stood in line outside the Ralph Engelstad Arena to get your picture with it, or saw it at one of the many places it visited in Grand Forks.
North Dakota will receive more than $520,000 in federal funds to support local law enforcement and governments working to improve the safety and well-being of their communities. Since my time as North Dakota’s Attorney General, I have seen firsthand the challenges facing our state’s law enforcement and I know that with North Dakota’s population and economic growth, the challenges will continue. These funds are absolutely critical to providing local law enforcement and communities across North Dakota with the tools and resources they need to keep our families safe.  
Honored to announce that life-long Native family services employee, Ina Olson of Belcourt, will be honored as a 2014 Angel In Adoption. Ina is an inspiration. For more than 20 years, she has committed her life to making sure the children on the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation are in safe and loving homes. Ina has truly changed children’s lives, and I’m thrilled to nominate her. As an Angel in Adoption, she will be recognized for her work improve the lives of foster and adopted children during a ceremony with advocates from across the country in September. http://1.usa.gov/1prJPsT
Spoke at a ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Badlands Station Post Office in Williston today, the second postal retail facility in the city. This facility shows the U.S. Postal Service aims to follow through on its commitments to improve mail delivery and service. Through my Fix My Mail initiative, I have heard from folks across North Dakota about the unacceptable problems they have faced with receiving their mail on time. And while the Postmaster General promised to improve mail delivery and standards in our state after I sent him these stories, I’ll continue to keep up the pressure. http://1.usa.gov/1rn3W9Z
The North Dakota Coalition for Homeless People headquartered in Bismarck will receive more than $900,000 in federal funds to help assist low-income veterans and their families that are homeless or at imminent risk of becoming homeless. Our veterans willingly risk their lives so we may have the comfort of knowing our communities and families are safe. And by not making sure they find their own place to call home when they come back, we are failing to live up to our commitment to them. Our veterans have given so much to our country, and these funds will help us give a little back to them. 
Today I met with Canadian Pacific Railway CEO E. Hunter Harrison in Minot to pressure him to make a more concerted effort to address agriculture shipment delays in North Dakota. Last month, I pressed him about how the company has provided far too little information about the status of its delayed agriculture shipments and the efforts to address them, and this meeting followed up on that call. Since the end of June, Canadian Pacific has only had a 5% improvement in reducing its delay ag shipments, and the wait times have actually increased. The company must do better. We need transparency and an open dialogue between North Dakota farmers and Canadian Pacific about what steps are being taken to accommodate the coming harvest and specifics about the extent of delays in North Dakota. Today’s conversation is a start, but there is still much work to be done. http://1.usa.gov/1oEdb7n
Standing Rock, Turtle Mountain and MHA Nation will receive a total of more than $50,000 in federal funds to support their local law enforcement.  Since I was Attorney General, improving the lives of Native families has been one of my top priorities. Supporting local law enforcement and making sure it has resources, training, and the personnel needed to protect Native families, like these funds will do, is an important piece to that puzzle. I will continue to do my part to hold up our trust and treaty obligation and moral responsibility to our Native brothers and sisters. 
Today I toured the new expansion of the North Dakota Heritage Museum in Bismarck to see the great work being done to showcase our state’s unique history. While I was at the museum, I honored long-time State Historical Society of North Dakota Director Merl Paaverud with a framed copy of a speech I gave on the Senate floor thanking him for his more than 30 years of service, and wished him well on his upcoming and well-deserved retirement.
Today I brought U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz to the Hess Corporation Tioga Gas Plant to see that North Dakota’s energy companies aren’t just developing oil, gas, coal, wind, and biofuels, we’re also making worthwhile investments, improving efficiency, and making these technologies better every day. Hess is one of those companies as its recent expansion at the Tioga plant should reduce flaring at Hess’s Bakken operations by 5-10 percent – a worthy investment. http://1.usa.gov/1muAonN
Following the meeting in Bismarck, I brought U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to Dakota Gasification in Beulah to see the one-of-a-kind clean coal facility. It's essential that we develop an energy strategy that is realistic and takes into account that coal provides 80 percent of North Dakota's electricity.  We need pragmatic solutions, like my clean coal technology bill, to incentivize companies to develop clean coal technology and put it to use. Earlier this summer, I invited Secretary Moniz to participate in a discussion in Washington about incentivizing the use of clean coal technologies and about my bill. Today's visit to Dakota Gasification continues that discussion.
Today I joined a major panel for one of the nationwide meetings the U.S. Department of Energy is hosting as it works to develop a comprehensive national energy strategy. When North Dakota wasn’t included on the original list of locations, I reached out to U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to hold one of the meetings in our state as it’s at the forefront of energy production. As I have long said, we can’t talk about a national energy policy without talking about energy infrastructure and transportation. Today, Secretary Moniz heard firsthand about the vital role North Dakota’s energy resources and infrastructure play in our national energy strategy. http://1.usa.gov/1r6S7oc
Today I congratulated Affinity Global Solutions at its grand opening in Bismarck. Small businesses are the backbone of North Dakota’s and the nation’s economies. Affinity Global Solutions is just one example of the many thriving small businesses that have blossomed in our state. As a member of the Senate Committee on Small Business, I’ll continue working to help small businesses across North Dakota and the country get the resources and support they need to help grow our economy. http://1.usa.gov/V48kAv
Check out this Forum article where U.S. Energy Secretary Moniz and I discuss today's major national energy policy meeting in Bismarck that will focus on North Dakota's energy infrastructure.  
Today I again pressed BNSF Executive Chairman Matt Rose about the need to quickly resolve agriculture shipment delays that are seriously hurting farmers and shippers across North Dakota at a meeting in Fargo. Since ag shipment delays first became a problem back in February, I’ve been working closely with BNSF to make sure the company is doing everything it can to address the concerns of our producers and growers. BNSF has been responsive, and it has worked to reduce its backlog though they still have further to go. The next step will be for BNSF and Canadian Pacific to make sure these delays don’t happen again – period. http://1.usa.gov/1ohff5P
I presented Geoff Andersen from Larimore with a framed copy of a speech I gave on the Senate floor earlier this year thanking him for his heroic role in helping to prevent explosions and minimize danger following the train derailment in Casselton last December. Geoff, an engineer in training for BNSF railroad, risked his life to prevent the explosions from spreading, and, as a result, helped protect the people and community of Casselton. We should not overlook the importance of having skillful and well trained railmen on the lines, like Geoff, who go above and beyond the call of duty to prevent a disaster from spreading. That’s why I introduced my bill to help give first responders the training and resources they need to do their jobs, and why we should all thank Geoff for his bravery that day and every day. http://1.usa.gov/1sAtsdB
Today I brought together top U.S. Department of Agriculture officials – including U.S. Agriculture Under Secretary Robert Bonnie and former U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ed Shafer – in Wahpeton to highlight the importance of rural development and investing in rural communities throughout North Dakota We also celebrated the 100th anniversary of the Richland County Courthouse. Having grown up in a small town in Richland County, I know how critical and valuable it is to invest in rural communities – the backbone of states like North Dakota – and I’ll keep fighting to help our rural towns thrive. http://1.usa.gov/1pXOpv4
Today I brought a top U.S. Department of Agriculture official overseeing conservation compliance to North Dakota to hear firsthand from our farmers, just as I have, about the challenges they face in complying with these rules. During the drafting of the 2014 Farm Bill, I worked to eliminate the most harmful provisions associated with a new policy to require conservation compliance for crop insurance because I knew the burden it would put on North Dakota farmers. I’m hoping today that USDA Under Secretary Robert Bonnie will better understand farmers’ challenges and take special attention as the Administration implements the changes so they better support farmers. http://1.usa.gov/1paTfc1
While I was in Grand Forks today, I stopped by Dakota Harvest Bakery, Waterfront Kitchen and Bath and Dave Badman's Design to see the great products they have.  It's important that as a community,  we support our local small businesses - which in North Dakota, represent 96% of all employers.
Today I spoke with the Grand Forks Rotary Club about the massive growth we’re seeing in North Dakota, not just in the western part of the state, but also in places like Grand Forks. Grand Forks is a perfect spot for our nation to develop UAS technology and procedures that will help support our farmers and businesses, and help unleash the economic potential of this promising industry. On top of that, all of us know how wonderful the community in Grand Forks is and the pride it takes in hosting the Air Force Base and its airmen. Our state’s growth is beyond compare and it’s because of communities like Grand Forks that work together with local businesses, schools, military, and agencies to innovate, grow, and create jobs.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=67360dae-e07d-4fbd-bc3c-4f318047ce81
Check out this story in the Jamestown Sun about my visit yesterday with Jamestown veterans and my new bill to better support our veterans. 
North Dakota State University and the University of North Dakota will receive $20 million in federal funds over a five year period to strengthen the academic research community within our state. Providing research opportunities – particularly in science and math fields – is essential for our students to remain competitive when they enter the work force and are some of the most important investments we can make. 
Today I toured Mercy Hospital in Valley City to see firsthand how its telehealth initiatives have become an important tool to providing quality rural health care in North Dakota. Where folks live shouldn’t impact the access to and quality of health care they are able to receive. And by using telehealth services, senior citizens, veterans, and all North Dakotans from rural areas are able to receive the care they need, when they need it. http://1.usa.gov/1omwz3w
Today I announced my new bill to better connect our nation’s new veterans with the services, resources, and benefits that are available in their communities. Since traveling the state to meet with North Dakota veterans last summer and more recently hosting my Native American Veterans Summit in Bismarck, it’s clear that many veterans aren’t getting access to needed services and benefits. My bill is a needed step to help veterans transition back to civilian life by establishing a way for them to connect with job opportunities in their new communities, other veterans, and additional resources and benefits. It’s not just up to the VA to help veterans – all of us need to play a role, and my bill will better enable us to honor our collective responsibility to help those who have protected us. 
Minot International Airport will receive nearly $1.5 million in federal funds to complete construction of a taxiway. When I brought Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerat to North Dakota in April, he saw many of our state’s pressing infrastructure needs, and these funds are a much-needed step forward for western North Dakota aviation. 
Today I visited the nation’s southwest border with a bipartisan group of Senators. As we continue to work on a plan to address the crisis at the border, it was critically important for me to see the situation firsthand. We could point fingers for days about why this crisis was able to happen, but I’m more concerned with finding a workable solution. We need to make sure these young children stop making this dangerous journey, but we also need to figure out how we can humanely deal with the children who are already here. http://1.usa.gov/1nbXIpz
Recent problems at the VA have shown that we need to do better by our veterans. Yesterday evening, the U.S. Senate passed bipartisan legislation, with my strong support, that takes real steps to improve the VA health care system and restore trust in the VA. I have long pushed for a Veterans Choice Card to give our rural veterans improved access to care that is closer to home. This bill does just that. It also helps the VA hire more health care providers, improves educational benefits, and increases accountability. This bill is a big step in the right direction to help all veterans access the care and support they deserve — nothing less. 
At a Senate Banking hearing today, I stressed the need to make sure there is a holistic approach to improving students’ financial literacy – including working with programs and efforts on college campuses – to help address the growing amount of student loan debt. 
Preserving Native American languages are important not just for communication, but for the history and culture of tribes.  This week, my bill to protect Native languages by establishing a grant program to support Native language immersion instruction from pre-Kindergarten through college was passed unanimously in the Senate Indian Affairs Committee – the last step before being voted on by the full Senate. This is an important step to help set Native children on a path toward success, enabling them to preserve their culture and history for generations to come.
North Dakota will receive more than $190,000 in federal funds to help local communities improve emergency preparedness and support training programs to help first responders handle potential hazmat situations. Our emergency personnel need to have the resources and training to stay safe as they protect us, and these funds will help our state be ready for, mitigate, and respond to possible hazmat incidents. Safety should be everyone’s top priority – that’s what my RESPONSE Act aims to accomplish by giving first responders the resources and training they need, and I will continue to make sure we protect North Dakota’s communities and families. 
Bismarck’s Abused Adult Resource Center will receive nearly $620,000 in federal funds to support victims of sexual assault and domestic violence in rural North Dakota communities – including on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation. As a former North Dakota Attorney General, I know how critical it is to make sure we’re vigilant in improving the safety of everyone in our state and this program tackles that issue head-on. By staying persistent and working together, we can continue to provide the support victims need and combat sexual and domestic violence in North Dakota and across the country. 
At today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, I highlighted the disproportionate amount of support Indian Country receives from the Federal Emergency Management Agency for disaster recovery and how we must find solutions to fix this. 
Met with Washington Internships for Native students participant and Turtle Mountain native Taylor Payer today. Taylor is an impressive and motivated young women – I’m proud to have her presenting our great state.
Honored to meet U.S. Marine Corporal Christian Brownotter from Standing Rock who is stationed in DC. I’m grateful for his service to our country and proud of his unwavering commitment to keep our communities and families safe.
Discussed civil and human rights issues with Yashmeet, Sharon and Mehtab - North Dakotans visiting DC for the United Sikh Summit.
Great to see Standing Rock Chairman Archambault's daughter, Jaimie, who stopped in to tell me about her exciting summer in DC.
Just voted on bill to support much-needed infrastructure projects in North Dakota. Must continue to work on long-term solution.
Today I voted to confirm Robert McDonald as the new Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and he passed with strong bipartisan support. McDonald has a tough challenge ahead of him: to restore trust in the VA. He promised to work with me to improve and protect access to services and benefits for veterans living in rural areas, including Native American veterans. I will hold him to his word. Now it’s up to Congress to do its job and pass the compromise bill to help stop the gaping holes in our VA system and make sure every veteran gets the care they deserve – nothing less. http://1.usa.gov/1nEAWeX
Today I met with Lisa Mensah, the nominee to become Under Secretary for U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development. As Chair of the Senate Subcommittee that oversees rural development, I look forward to working closely with Ms. Mensah to spark economic development in rural America and in Indian Country through real, targeted investments. Last year alone, USDA Rural Development invested more than $500 million in North Dakota infrastructure projects, including water and waste water, electric and telecommunication projects, and housing. http://1.usa.gov/1xv2Dry
North Dakota will receive more than $30,000 in federal funds to help protect North Dakotans from sex offenders & reduce sex exploitation in our neighborhoods. Since my days as Attorney General, and now as a Senator, I have gone after those who prey on our vulnerable populations and have worked to bring additional services and treatment to victims of abuse and sexual violence. These funds will help continue those efforts and make sure our families and communities are safe.
The VA Office of Tribal Government Relations is hosting a Veterans Training Summit at Spirit Lake Casino and Resort on August 7 and 8. Officials will discuss health care eligibility and enrollment, housing, education benefits, homelessness programs and more. See flyer for details.
Read this story in the Grand Forks Herald about how I’m pushing to end delays in agriculture shipments in North Dakota before the coming harvest. According to an NDSU study, our farmers have already lost more than $66 million due to agriculture shipment delays. That just isn’t right, and I’m working to push the railroads to change it. 
College students and recent graduates who are interested in learning how Congress works and impacts North Dakota communities can apply for fall internships in my Washington, Bismarck, Fargo, Dickinson, Grand Forks, and Minot offices. Internships are a great opportunities to participate in the government processes and gain real-world skills and experiences. Check out my website for details.
Spirit Lake, Three Affiliated Tribes, Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, and Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indian reservations, as well as United Tribes Technical College in Bismarck will receive more than $900,000 in federal funds to provide low-income and struggling Native Americans with employment and training opportunities. While the federal government has many programs to assist Indian Country, the unmet needs in our state are great and these funds will help tribe members develop the skills themselves to get good jobs and continue to make a positive impact on their communities for years to come.
Today I’m launching my new one-stop-shop webpage for Native American veterans that aims to more easily connect veterans with information about how they can best access the benefits and services they earned. It was very clear during my Native American Veterans Summit in Bismarck last month that many Native veterans face similar problems in getting access to resources about their benefits and services. After putting their lives on the line for each of us, they should not have any trouble getting the support they earned. Check out the webpage below. 
In partnership with GATX Corporation and BNSF, Senator Hoeven and I will host a railcar safety training event this October in Fargo to train local rail workers and emergency responders. Making sure our communities are safe means providing resources and training to our first responders – which is what my RESPONSE Act would make a priority, and this training puts us on the path toward accomplishing. This will be a valuable opportunity to help our first responders better respond to emerging threats and hazards and protect our communities and themselves.  
Today I met with the President’s top advisor, John Podesta, to again urge the Administration to reconsider proposals to slash the effectiveness of the Renewable Fuel Standard that will hurt farmers, cost jobs, and threaten renewable fuel production. The Administration has heard repeatedly from me on this issue, including when I brought the EPA Administrator to North Dakota, and I believe our persistence will pay off.  Now is the time for America to embrace homegrown, renewable fuels and the jobs it creates, not hinder their development with shortsighted proposals. 
Today I met with U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Nominee Robert McDonald to discuss how he would work to restore trust to the VA and make sure all veterans, including Native American and rural veterans, get access to quality resources and benefits in a timely fashion. We need changes at the VA to address problems that have been persistent for far too long so we improve care for all veterans. http://1.usa.gov/1rEh4eB
Today's new federal rules to improve safety of the transportation of oil on the rails are an important and needed step toward making sure families and communities across the country are safe. Especially following the derailment in Casselton last December, I have long said that safety should be everyone’s top priority, and to accomplish that, we need a holistic approach that brings all sides to the table – federal and local governments, and industry. Part of those efforts also included pressuring the U.S. Department of Transportation to issue updated safety rules, and today, the agency has taken those important steps. I’ll continue reviewing these new proposals to make sure they provide the highest level of safety while enabling the U.S. to continue developing our vast energy resources, and will continue to call on all sides to work together as these rules are soon implemented. 
Today at a Senate Agriculture hearing, I made the case for improved nutrition in the nation’s schools, but highlighted that the federal government can’t just mandate changes without providing the resources necessary for making them a reality. In North Dakota, 74% of school districts need at least one piece of kitchen equipment to better serve healthy meals, which is what my bill, the School Food Modernization Act, aims to address. As a school cook, my mother worked hard every day to make healthy meals for students and we need to make sure others like her have the tools to make healthy lunches for students today. 
Today I met with top commanders of Minot Air Force Base to discuss how the base needs to work with the growing energy industry in western North Dakota to make sure Intercontinental Ballistic Missile and B-52 missions aren’t compromised and our servicemembers are kept safe, and balance access to airspace for the B-52 force and general aviation. By coming together and finding solutions that work for the base, servicemembers, and civilian workforce, we can make sure Minot Air Force Base will continue its role in protecting North Dakota and the nation. http://1.usa.gov/1uflASH
The airports in Fargo, Williston and Hettinger received about $4.5 million in federal funds for needed upgrades, improvements, and safety resources. Making investments in our state’s aviation infrastructure is critical to helping North Dakota meet the growing demands while also building out an industry that will sustain our state for years to come. 
Today the U.S. Department of Agriculture provided details for farmers on how to comply with the Farm Bill’s new conservation rules that are tied to full participation in the crop insurance program. Check out details: http://1.usa.gov/1A1YAXT
Today I called on Canadian Pacific Railroad to address the delay of ag shipments and provide information about the steps it will take to get the poor issues with rail service resolved in time for the coming harvest. North Dakota farmers are rightfully concerned that railroad delays will hamper their ability this harvest season to store their crops and get them to market - they work too hard to produce high-quality foods to have their livelihoods threatened by inadequate transportation service. 
Talked with the Jacobsons and Schroeders from Williston today. Glad they took a break from their busy vacation schedule to stop in.
The Coalition of Indian Housing Authorities of North Dakota will receive more than $175,000 in federal funds to establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance for small and emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near reservations in North Dakota. These funds are important to make sure Native American reservations and the communities which surround them have good-paying jobs and strong local economies. 
In March, I urged the President to sign an executive order banning federal contractors from discriminating in the workplace based on sexual orientation or gender identity. The President’s action today will protect millions of workers from the threat of discrimination because of who they are or who they love and is an important step to show that anti-LGBT discrimination will not be tolerated.
There are so many selfless North Dakotans who are dedicated to adoption and improving the lives of children. That is why each year, I look forward to honoring an individual, family or organization as Angels in Adoption to highlight the extraordinary things they’re doing for children in need. Nominate someone in your community to be the 2014 Angel in Adoption today by simply filling out a form below – the deadline is Wednesday, July 23. 
Just a reminder for veterans near Spirit Lake that on July 23 & 24 the VA will be at the Blue Building in Fort Totten with resources and information to answer your questions about everything from benefits and education to services available for family members and widows. Hope folks will take advantage of this great opportunity to get answers about the benefits they have earned.
Hope folks will join in an effort to raise awareness about suicide, PTS and depression at Jamestown’s 1st annual Ride to Silence the Stigma event this Sunday. Too many families experience the loss of a loved one due to suicide and the best way for prevention is to end the stigma associated with PTS and depression so those struggling feel comfortable getting the help they need.
The Pembina Water Resource District will receive nearly $300,000 to complete ongoing rehabilitation work at the Renwick Dam on the Tongue River, which provides flood protection to Cavalier and other downstream communities. It is critical for us to make infrastructure investments like this one to help our communities thrive. Especially because of the increased population in our state and aging infrastructure, the time to invest in infrastructure projects is now. 
Met North Dakota Corn Growers to talk about prevented planting and how to make sure the Farm Bill is implemented in a way that works for North Dakotans.
Today I met with top Administration border security officials to press for additional needed resources and personnel on the northern U.S. border in North Dakota. While much of our attention has been recently directed to the southern border – and rightly so – it is imperative that securing it is not done at the expense of the northern border. Today I took the concerns local enforcement on the northern border have with the growing population and increases in drug and human trafficking to the Administration officials to highlight the need for resources so our border agents can perform their jobs and keep America safe. 
Today the Senate unanimously passed legislation that would mandate the President nominate to the Federal Reserve Board at least one member with community bank experience. The decisions made by the Federal Reserve have significant and immediate impacts on our community bankers and the customers they serve. When these decisions are made, there should absolutely be a voice in the room to highlight the impact they will have on smaller banks and communities in rural America.  http://1.usa.gov/1mRC1jl
After 15 months of facilitating discussions, I helped secure a final deal on an acceptable shipping rate between Burlington Northern Santa Fe and Red River Valley and Western, enabling about 400 farmers in southeastern North Dakota to more easily transport their crops via rail at a lower cost. The agreement will allow James Valley Grain to build a new grain elevator in Verona that will fill the void of a facility that shut down in 2009. This deal is a win-win for everyone involved – it helps farmers sell their crops and saves them money, creates jobs, puts short-line railroads in a strong financial situation moving forward, and enables BNSF to transport grain where it needs to go. I’ll keep working closely with all parties to make sure the agreement is implemented properly. 
Today at a Senate Indian Affairs hearing, I questioned top Administration officials about the implementation of the Land Buy-Back Program that was designed to help tribes consolidate their landholdings and allow for more beneficial uses of their land. Fractionated land ownership causes many difficulties for North Dakota tribes from law enforcement to economic development. It’s important the Department of Interior works closely with North Dakota tribes and listens to their concerns as they move forward with the implementation of this program. http://1.usa.gov/1midyP3
Today I met with the Commander of the Grand Forks Air Force Base to discuss the best strategies to complete the approval process for the Grand Sky Business Park. I will keep working with the Grand Forks Air Force Base and the defense community to make sure a sustainable plan is implemented that capitalizes on the economic opportunities Grand Sky will offer for our state. http://1.usa.gov/Wi5yZs
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe will receive more than $250,000 in federal funds from AmeriCorps to provide GED tutoring and testing services through Sitting Bull College in Fort Yates. While more than 75% of non-Native students graduate from high school, only around 50% of Native American students graduate from high school. Standing up for Native children should be an issue we can all agree on – and that includes making sure Native kids get the quality education they deserve – just as my bipartisan Commission on Native Children bill aims to do. These funds provide critical opportunities for many Native Americans to further their education in ways they once thought unlikely. 
Attention Veterans in the Spirit Lake area: The VA is holding a two day event on July 23 & 24 at the Blue Building in Fort Totten. There will be information about benefits, education, and VA officials will be able to answer your questions. At my Native American Veterans Summit last month in Bismarck, I heard about how the lack of resources and assistance made it difficult for folks to obtain the benefits they need and have earned. This event is a great step toward fixing that problem.
Met with Marica Hellandsaas from Watford City and Lisa Pederson from Bismarck who are a part of the NDSU Extension Service and are visiting DC through a leadership development program. Great to learn more about the great work they do in our state.
Met with the Surface Transportation Board Chairman today to ask him to look into concerns I’m hearing from North Dakota farmers that the railroads may not be able to move out last year’s crops in time for the coming crop year’s harvest due to extensive delays. The STB is looking into this information so our farmers can have all the information they need, and we’ll continue to pressure Canadian Pacific and BNSF to improve their service and actually follow through to restore the reliable and affordable service that North Dakota’s farmers and shippers rely on. 
ICYMI – Joined CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning to talk about how Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is providing predictability to the financial markets and helping lead the US toward economic recovery, while standing up struggling families. 
If you know an individual, family or organization who improves the lives of North Dakota’s foster and adoptive children, nominate them to be Angels in Adoption and give them the recognition they deserve. This is a great opportunity to shine the light on the many loving North Dakotans who open their homes and hearts to make a life-changing difference for the children. Submissions can be done on my website, and the deadline is Wednesday, July 23rd. 
Spoke at the rededication ceremony for the 25th anniversary of the Custer House at Fort Abraham Lincoln State Park today about how the site is an important historical landmark, especially for North Dakota’s military history, but also has breathtaking views of the Dakota landscape.
Today I participated in Turtle Mountain Days, a week-long celebration of life on Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation. In addition to the parade and picnic, I also spoke at the dedication ceremony for a new Native Americans memorial. Native Americans from Turtle Mountain have a rich history of serving our country in the military, and it is our duty to reciprocate that service when they return home. I will continue to fight for Native American veterans - just as they did for us - to help connect them with resources and benefits they earned. 
Today I met with the new 91st Missile Wing Commander Colonel Michael Lutton at Minot Air Force Base to reiterate that I will continue to do all I can  in the U.S. Senate to make sure he and his fellow servicemembers have the support they need. I also met with veterans in Bottineau to discuss ways to improve health care and other services for veterans who live in rural areas. 
Met with the new Minot State University President Steve Shirley today to hear his ideas and goals to educate and empower North Dakota’s talented young students.
North Dakota will receive more than $375,000 in federal funds to help provide services for veterans living in rural communities by coordinating transportation services to VA facilities. Making sure all veterans across North Dakota – including those in rural areas – have full access to services is a must. I’ll continue to seek innovative approaches to help veterans who don’t live close to VA facilities get the support and care they deserve.
Had lunch with my impressive and hardworking interns today. Thrilled to have them joining my team in DC and help serve the great people of North Dakota.
As the U.S. Department of Energy holds meetings across the country to review our country’s national energy strategy, I pushed for the agency to hold a meeting in North Dakota because we are on the forefront of energy development. As a result, DOE will hold a meeting at Bismarck State College on August 8. I’ll speak at the meeting, as will the U.S. Energy and Transportation Secretaries, and top White House and Interior Department officials. To have a true conversation about our nation’s energy strategy, it has to include North Dakota. I hope many North Dakotans will offer their thoughts. 
Turtle Mountain, Sisseton-Wahpeton and Spirit Lake Indian Reservations will receive nearly $150,000 in federal funds to help develop economic regional strategies, grow the local economies, and create jobs. Growing up in a small community, I’ve seen firsthand the challenges that come with building and maintaining economic opportunities in rural America, which is why making smart investments in communities is critical to helping them grow responsibly. http://1.usa.gov/TV845H
I met with the Commander of the Eighth Air Force, who oversees deterrence and global strike operations for U.S. Strategic Command, including the B-52 bombers at Minot Air Force Base.  We talked about strategies to modernize our nation’s bomber force and give our brave servicemembers the resources they need so they can do what they do best – keep America safe. http://1.usa.gov/1nhHS1h
It was great working with the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Risk Management Agency Regional Director Doug Hagel. His work to help improve crop insurance for North Dakota farmers and ranchers and implement the policies efficiently has affected the lives of so many families and communities in our state. Thanks to Doug for his service, and I hope he enjoys his well-deserved retirement. http://www.grandforksherald.com/content/well-known-rma-director-retires-after-career-marked-shift-better-crop-coverage
Today I voted to confirm San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro to be U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. During my recent discussions with Mr. Castro, I made sure he understood the housing challenges our state faces – from an extreme shortage of affordable housing to a lack of adequate housing in rural areas and on tribal lands. As a member of the Senate Committee that oversees HUD, I will work closely with him, along with state and local officials, and the private sector, on long-term solutions to North Dakota’s housing challenges. http://1.usa.gov/U45fQl
83% of recent college graduates in North Dakota have some form of student loan debt – the most of any state. I’ve been working in the Senate to pass a bill to help students refinance their student loan debt. And the Bank of North Dakota has a program to help students consolidate their loans to make monthly payments more manageable, which could be a model for other states. Learn more about the program below.
North Dakota will receive nearly $400,000 in federal funds for local conservation and outdoor recreation projects. These new funds will help make sure conservation and outdoor activities, like the Dakota Badlands to the Pembina River Gorge near Walhalla, are maintained and protected for our kids and the many North Dakotans who enjoy spending time outdoors in our beautiful state for generations to come.
Nearly $1.5 million in federal funds were awarded to Northland Healthcare Alliance to continue implementing its rural elderly care program and the University of North Dakota School of Nursing to continue incentivizing diversity in the nursing workforce. These funds will help Northland Healthcare Alliance continue its great work of giving participants, families, and caregivers more health care options and choices. The funds will also enable UND to expand its already extraordinary nursing program by incentivizing more students from a variety of backgrounds to become nurses. 
ICYMI - I spoke with NPR about my RESPONSE Act and the need to make sure our first responders have better access to training and resources to respond to emerging threats and hazards. 
North Dakota’s local governments, tribes and agencies are eligible to apply for federal grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help support home renovations and improvements for low-income families living in rural areas. As our state grows, we must continue to focus on making sure our rural communities are places where families choose to live, and that means enabling struggling rural homeowners to make needed improvements to reduce their costs, better insulate their homes, and help support good construction jobs. 
Continuing my efforts to bring more transparency to our elections, I’m co-sponsoring the DISCLOSE Act, a commonsense plan that will help make sure the public knows who is spending money to influence our elections. When I was working on increasing campaign finance transparency as North Dakota’s Attorney General, there was bipartisan consensus that rooting out secret money was good for our democracy. This should be legislation we can all agree is needed. 
In a time when our nation seems more divided than ever, Independence Day pulls us back together. The Fourth of July is a time to remember the brave steps our forefathers took to secure the freedoms we enjoy today. But it’s also a time to celebrate the unique journey we take together as Americans; that out of many walks of life, from big cities to rural farms, we’re all created equal. Let’s continue to strive daily to meet principles greater than ourselves – the ideals set forth in that declaration many years ago – to be better people, better members of our communities, and, most notably, better Americans.
Read my op-ed about how on July 4, perhaps more than any other day, we are reminded that with independence comes collective responsibility. For far too long, large segments of our veteran population have been invisible – including many Native American veterans. But we can work to remedy this if we come together in a cooperative spirit and remember that, at the end of the day, our independence is only as strong as our will to fight for those who fought for our freedom. 
Thrilled to have such a hardworking group of interns in my Washington, D.C. and North Dakota offices this summer. Click below to learn more about my summer interns, and how to apply to intern in one of my offices this fall.  
KEYA radio received $50,000 in federal funds to help replace the 50 year old radio broadcast tower. For decades, the Belcourt School District and local volunteers have worked to raise the funds to keep the radio station running, and this tower will help make sure the area continues to have access to non-commercial, community driven, and educational radio. 
Today I joined U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Congressman Collin Peterson to announce $50 million in federal funds to help support flood prevention and conservation in the Red River Valley. We worked hard to include support for the Red River Valley in the Farm Bill and with the strong support from Congressman Peterson, we were able to get this smart program signed into law. http://1.usa.gov/1lTRmiR
The opening of the new post office in Williston today is an important step forward for helping those in rural areas get mail and packages on time. But have no doubt that I will continue to press the Postal Service to make sure the improvements only continue so all North Dakotans will know their mail will arrive when it’s supposed to and they will have access to mail services. 
The Export-Import Bank, an independent federal government agency, has supported $97 million in exports from North Dakota since 2007, helping small businesses grow, expand, and hire more American workers, and supporting the economies in communities across North Dakota and the U.S. Today, joined by Amity Technology, a North Dakota business that has sold more than $4 million worth of exports through support from the U.S. Export-Import Bank, I reinforced that Congress should reauthorize the proven job-creating agency, which levels the playing field for our companies abroad and doesn’t cost taxpayers anything. In March, Export-Import Bank Chairman Fred Hochberg came to Fargo to see firsthand the impact the Bank has had in North Dakota. Now is the time to support a program that has a proven record of boosting our economy and providing good-paying jobs. 
I’m leading an effort to locate the new National Agricultural Genomics Center in Fargo on the North Dakota State University campus.  NDSU is an ideal location for the facility thanks to its broad research expertise, colocation with the well-respected USDA’s Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center, 14 public crop-breeding programs and a new advanced greenhouse. The potential here for innovation is tremendous and I look forward to working with the Association to make sure North Dakota remains the national leader in agriculture well into the future. 
Check out my Instagram account to see more pictures from my day in Dickinson that was filled with business, barbers and babies. 
Grand Forks Head Start received nearly $2.5 million in federal funds to continue providing quality, accessible, and affordable early education to North Dakota children. It’s because of affordable programs like Head Start that we can make sure all kids get the education they deserve starting at a young age. A recent study shows if children read at grade level by third grade, they are four times more likely to graduate from high school.
KinderKidz is a great example of the kind of early childhood education all children should have access to. The top-notch work of the care providers here truly make a difference in the lives of these children, and they’re helping to put North Dakota’s kids on the right path forward starting at a young age. Recently, KinderKidz received a $300,00 federal loan to expand its facility to accommodate 45 more children. We need to keep investing in our kids, and the recent funds to help expand the number of children at KinderKidz is a case in point. http://1.usa.gov/1pF200n
Today I attended the opening of Univar, a major energy supply business, in Dickinson. Our state has become the envy of the nation, and it’s because of our people and businesses, like Univar, that are willing to invest in North Dakota and build out their operations here. Dickinson has truly stayed ahead of the curve with smart planning and collaboration between city and county officials, and businesses and local residents. That has helped draw even more economic development, build needed infrastructure, and created jobs throughout the area. http://1.usa.gov/1z2HHvJ
Tonight at the North Dakota American Legion Convention, I thanked our state’s veterans and highlighted the need to support those suffering from post-traumatic stress. Post-traumatic stress is an injury that most people can’t see by looking at our veterans. But it is real, and every day it takes an incredible toll on millions of our veterans. We need to work together to raise awareness about this issue, and help those who are suffering get back on their feet.
Today I toured the City of Surrey and met with Surrey city administrators to discuss the challenges the city is currently facing and try to find a productive path forward. North Dakota’s energy boom has provided some serious benefits for our state and made us a leader in economic development. We also need to make investments to help growing towns, like Surrey, face the housing, infrastructure, law enforcement, and education challenges that have arisen. 
Glad I was able to meet with Joseph Renvold and his family today. Tomorrow he leaves for Plebe summer and will be a Midshipman at the U.S. Navy Academy. Proud to have nominated him for this high honor.
Great news that $2 million to help train first responders for incidents involving hazardous materials transported by rail was included in a Senate appropriations bill. Working closely with North Dakota first responders, I have reinforced we have to make sure our first responders are prepared for incidents like we saw in Casselton last December. These new funds show that our persistent efforts are resonating. In March, I held a Senate hearing about the need to better support first responders as they handle new hazards, such as more oil on the rails, and this week I introduced a bill to make sure our first responders have better access to training and resources. 
Great to meet another North Dakota Presidential Scholar and soon to be Yale freshman Haleigh Larson and her family today.
Williston native Linda Harris and her granddaughters took a break from Grandma Camp to stop by my office today.
Chatted with Grand Forks residents Ed and Kelly Christ and their granddaughters today.
Today Hess Corporation committed funds for the University of North Dakota’s Petroleum Engineering Program to encourage more students to be trained for North Dakota’s new oil and gas jobs, build on our state’s job corps, and help encourage our bright, young students to stay in our state. With more than 27,000 job openings in our state – many in the energy sector – we want to do everything possible to encourage North Dakotans to fill those jobs. UND – which I’m a proud graduate of – and Hess Corporation are successfully working to building the next generation of oil and gas workers right here in North Dakota. 
Greatly appreciate Republican Congressman Tom Cole from Oklahoma introducing my Commission on Native Children bill in the U.S. House of Representatives. Congressman Cole has a strong history of working for Native American families both as a Congressman and as a member of the Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma. We have an important responsibility to honor our commitments to Native children and my bill will help make that possible by addressing the challenges they face facing and giving them opportunities to excel and thrive. 
Thank you to all of my Facebook followers who today helped me pass the 5,000 fan milestone! I appreciate all your support and feedback – and don’t forget to share my page with your friends!
Today at a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, I questioned the witnesses on how we can encourage folks to invest in economic development in Indian Country. 
Today the Mandan Rural Fire Protection District received more than $87,000 in federal funds to purchase equipment for its new fire truck. These funds will help make sure the Mandan Rural Fire Protection District has the necessary and updated equipment to arrive on the scene prepared to respond to any situation, while also making sure they are protected as they do their jobs. 
Check out this piece on my conversation with Vincent Schilling with Indian Country Today about the President and First Lady's trip to Standing Rock on June 13 and my work for Indian Country. 
Today at a Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee hearing, I called on Congress and the U.S. government to work with the international community to combat human and sex trafficking around the world, including in our country, and better protect women. Since serving as North Dakota’s Attorney General in the 1990s, I have worked tirelessly to end violence against women and children, and get victims the help they need. Since joining the Senate, I’ve brought that fight to Congress. The first step is to raise awareness of these crimes, and today’s hearing is helping make that possible. http://1.usa.gov/1l7qPtd
Today the Senate unanimously passed my bipartisan resolution to designate June 2014 as National Post-Tramatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month. The mental strains of war on our servicemembers and veterans are enormous, and so many cases go unreported or undiagnosed. This resolution is a small step, but it’s about raising awareness about the challenges confronting many of our veterans with post-traumatic stress. 
Because of the Farm Bill I fought for, new and beginning farmers and ranchers now have new programs and supports available to help them succeed. As part of this effort, today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture launched a website that offers a one-stop-shop of resources for new and beginning farmers. With the average age of an American farmer at 58 years old, we need to do everything possible to encourage more young farmers and ranchers to do well and I hope they take advantage of the support available from the 2014 Farm Bill. 
If you know an individual or family who is improving the lives of foster and adoptive children in North Dakota, go to my website and nominate them as Angels in Adoption. In North Dakota, and all across the country, families are selflessly opening their homes to children, and they’re doing it without recognition or asking for much in return. Angels in Adoption is an opportunity to highlight the many generous North Dakotans who make positive impacts in children’s lives every day. http://1.usa.gov/1rqCEQw
Today in Fargo I introduced my bill to better prepare emergency personnel in North Dakota and across the country with responding to potential incidents, such as derailments of trains carrying materials like crude oil. Since the Casselton accident last December, I have taken a holistic approach to understand what happened, and what changes can be made to make sure North Dakota communities are safe. This bill is about reinforcing that safety is our top priority – an issue I know very well after having a father who served as the volunteer fire chief in Mantador. http://1.usa.gov/1rhcAHz
My Fargo intern, Mohy Omer, is an incredible example of the hard work and dedication of refugees across our country. When he was a child, Mohy left his family and fled his home country of North Sudan as a violent civil war broke out. He spent time going to different refugee camps before finding his way to the United States 5 years ago where he has since graduated from North Dakota State University in May and is hoping to attend graduate school soon. Mohy has lived through unimaginable realities, but he has overcome those obstacles and lept at opportunities to create a successful life for himself. I’m incredibly proud to have him working with my team in Fargo. #WRD2014
The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced $8 million in incentive funding for farmers and ranchers in five Midwestern states, including North Dakota, who create new habitats for honey bee populations. The comprehensive Farm Bill, that I fought to pass earlier this year, included support for programs to make sure our honey bee populations thrive. 
The Bismarck Airport received $3 million in federal funds to help address a major safety issue caused by the nearby wetlands. As the demand for air travel increases, it’s critical that we do all that we can to maintain safety for passengers and protect the surrounding areas, and that’s exactly what these funds will do. I’ll continue to push for resources to support North Dakota’s aviation needs. 
Last Friday, the world witnessed the importance of Native language immersion programs as children from the Lakota Language Nest at Standing Rock sang for the President and First Lady in their Lakota language. During a time when 37% of Native children live in poverty and only half graduate from high school, language immersion programs have been shown to build pride in Native American cultures and languages, boost morale, and improve students’ academic performance and attendance. Today at a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, we discussed my bill that supports programs like the Lakota Language Nest and success and preserves Native languages that could otherwise disappear. http://1.usa.gov/1jzxmwT
North Dakota received more than $7 million in federal funds to help families who are finding it difficult to make ends meet by creating more affordable housing options or offering support for their mortgages or rent, so they can keep a roof over their heads. I’ll continue to look for ways to make sure individuals and families across North Dakota, including folks in Indian Country get the support they need, as affordable housing across North Dakota has become increasingly difficult to find. http://1.usa.gov/1yjU4mw
Watch this WDAZ story about a loving foster family in North Dakota, and how my bill will support foster families.
North Dakota hit a milestone by producing one million barrels of oil in a day. North Dakota has also reached all-time highs in natural gas production. In our state, we know what a true all-of-the-above energy strategy means, and that includes working together toward the responsible development of our oil and gas resources to help power our state and the country.
Today at a Senate Agriculture hearing, I touted the success of North Dakota’s bio-based manufacturers -- like Bismarck-based Earth Kind, Inc. whose CEO, Kari Warberg-Block, came to Washington today -- and highlighted provisions in the 2014 Farm Bill that help increase the use of agricultural products to manufacture every-day goods, such as soap, plastic and fabric. North Dakota is leading the way in using natural agriculture products to manufacture items Americans use every day, and it’s projected that more than 100,000 American jobs can be created through this industry. http://1.usa.gov/1lBnWVU
See my op-ed with Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) on the importance of standing up for Native American children – one of our most vulnerable populations that is too often forgotten -- following the President's visit to Standing Rock last Friday. We must continue to shine a spotlight on this issue and help Native kids get the opportunities they deserve. 
Today the Bismarck Airport received a nearly $1.5 million federal grant, in addition to the nearly $500,000 federal grant last week, to rehabilitate the runway. In May, there were more than 100,000 boardings in North Dakota’s eight large airports – an 8 percent increase over this year and the highest ever in a single month. Bismarck is certainly feeling that increase, and we need to continue to make improvements and upgrades to our airports to support the growing demand for air travel across the state.
The President today signed an executive order stating that federal contractors cannot discriminate based on sexual orientation – a strong action I called for. This is an important step, but it’s also past time that Congress pass legislation to prevent discrimination in the workplace against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals. It’s upsetting that such protections aren’t already law and it’s our responsibility to put an end to any form of discrimination or harassment.
Today, I’m hosting a summit in Bismarck to connect Native American veterans with the resources, support, and benefits they have earned and deserve. The event is about bringing together our Native veterans, leaders in the community, and veterans officials, including U.S. Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell and Interior Department Assistant Secretary – Indian Affairs Kevin Washburn – and engage in an open dialogue about the very real challenges that exist and what we can do to correct them. Only then can we say we have honored our commitment to Native veterans.
The President’s trip to North Dakota today was a major step forward in our efforts to elevate the issues facing our Native American citizens to a national level. The President and I have had our fair share of disagreements, but I will never question his Administration’s commitment to Indian Country. Because of his visit, Americans across the country were able to learn more about the culture and patriotism of Native Americans. It is my hope that we as a country will take this opportunity to come together and work on long-term solutions for Indian Country. 
Make sure to join the event page for my Native American Veterans Summit on Saturday to get updates about the great resources we will have for folks and the who will be in attendance to answer North Dakota’s Native veterans’ questions. 
Today I talked about the importance of investing in clean coal technologies and finding a viable path forward for coal at an Advanced Coal Technology Showcase in Washington, D.C. I’m trying to accomplish these goals with my clean coal legislation so we continue to have affordable and reliable electricity across the country. At my request, U.S. Energy Secretary Moniz participated today and reinforced a willingness to continue that important discussion, including finding a path forward for coal as part of an all-of-the-above energy policy. http://1.usa.gov/1ucf0XH
Today the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to address many of the systemic problems in the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system. This bill is a step in the right direction toward achieving what should be everyone’s goal: Providing quality health care to those who served. 
At today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing today, I stressed the need to make dramatic changes in Native American education programs instead of just tweaking around the edges and hoping for different results. 
Today the Bismarck Municipal Airport received a nearly $500,000 federal grant to upgrade the runway. After the FAA Administrator visited North Dakota, the agency has realized the need to invest in North Dakota’s airports, which are seeing a growing demand of air travel, and I’ll urge them to continue these much needed investments. 
Today at a Senate Banking Committee hearing, I made the case for my bill that will allow North Dakotans with existing student loan debt to refinance to lower interest rates. This bill would enable 63,000 North Dakota student loan borrowers refinance to lower interest rates. I’m pushing to move our bill forward tomorrow, and I hope Senators from both sides of the aisle will join together to stand up for our students by voting for this bill. 
On June 10, 1963, President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law with the goal of men and women getting equal pay for equal work. More than 50 years later, women still only make 74% of every dollar men make in North Dakota. This is unacceptable, and I'm committed to fighting for pay equality for all Americans, and passing paycheck fairness legislation.
Richland County received a $8.5 million federal loan to help expand and upgrade access to high-speed internet for rural towns.  In order for rural communities to continue to grow and thrive in a digital age, families and businesses that live there need to be able to access reliable and affordable high-speed Internet. These new funds will help make that possible for residents in Richland County, and I’ll continue to push for the build out of more high-speed Internet across our state. 
Today the President signed a bipartisan bill into law that I have long pushed for. It supports water infrastructure projects in North Dakota by providing permanent flood protection for more than 200,000 residents in around Fargo and surrounding areas and preventing the Army Corps form charging for water at Lake Sakakawea. Now we need to come together to get the diversion built to protect our communities from the devastating consequences of future floods while also addressing the upstream impacts. Because Mayor Walaker played an instrumental role in advancing long-term flood protection for the Fargo-Moorhead region, I worked to make sure he could join the President for the bill signing. 
After spending time in Indian Country, including in North Dakota, Attorney General Holder today put forth real solutions to remove barriers Native Americans face when voting. I’m pushing for action in the Senate and I also look forward to helping the Administration implement its proposal.  We should all be able to agree that our voting system should make it simpler, not more difficult, for Americans to choose their elected officials. 
Enjoyed talking with ambitious young leaders at North Dakota Girls State today about the importance of getting involved in public service.
After I brought the Federal Aviation Administration head to North Dakota in April, it's no secret that I've been pushing the FAA to invest in North Dakota's airports so the facilities can accommodate our state's growing demand for air travel. Today we're celebrating the completion of renovated runway at the Mandan Airport that will help support our growing aviation industry and economic development. Just in the past few months, more than $20 million have been invested in airports around the state. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4c9bda1a-3486-42ab-8ef9-79ec5664ad95
I can better search for solutions to North Dakota's mail delivery challenges with feedback from my Fix My Mail effort and from the folks I met with in Williston today.
Brought Senator Carper to Hess Corporation's railport in Tioga to see firsthand how they load oil into rail cars.
Today I hosted a roundtable discussion in Williston with Senator Carper, who chairs the Senate Committee that oversees the Postal Service. We met with local officials about the challenges North Dakotans faces with mail delivery and service and efforts to improve it. Through my Fix My Mail effort, I have heard of seniors not receiving their medication on time, post offices not being open enough hours to serve their communities, and extremely challenging working conditions for Postal Service employees. Today’s conversation was one of many steps to improve rural mail service and delivery, and I’ll continue to work closely with Senator Carper on these issues. 
Toured HESS Corporation to show Senator Carper the process used to extract oil and natural gas.
NA
Today I brought Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Chairman Senator Carper to North Dakota to talk with local officials about the security challenges on the state’s northern border. As our population has boomed, we have seen increases in drug and human trafficking and we need to make sure our border patrol has the resources to handle any increase in movement. Because of his tremendous influence on homeland security policy, I wanted to make sure Senator Carper saw firsthand our border, and spoke with the hardworking North Dakotans who keep us safe every day. http://1.usa.gov/1p2WjrN
Today we remember all the brave men and women who stormed the beaches of Normandy on D-Day 70 years ago today and how their actions forever changed our history. I’m grateful for their courage and dedication, and will never forget their sacrifice.
Joined a bipartisan coalition of Senators to introduce legislation that would extend the federal program tasked with expeditiously reviewing oil and gas permits on public lands for 10 years and provide more flexibility to the U.S. Department of Interior. For our state’s energy economy to continue to thrive, and in order to achieve North American energy security and independence, it is critical to have policies in place that support responsible energy production without excessive delays. 
Talked about the impacts of the wet planting season on North Dakota farmers and how we can take preventive measures to protect producers in future years with U.S. Department of Agriculture Risk Management Association Administrator Willis.
Today I met with the Office of Personnel Management Director Katherine Archuleta to discuss pay equality issues facing federal workers in western North Dakota.
Today I announced the airport in Williston will receive nearly $1.8 million to make needed improvements. There’s no question that Williston’s airport has seen a serious uptick in traffic. That’s why I brought the FAA Administrator to North Dakota in April so he could see the aviation infrastructure challenges the airport faces and how crucial it is that the airport gets needed upgrades to keep up with travel demand.
Today I joined Senator John Thune from South Dakota to lead a bipartisan effort, as the new Farm Bill is implemented, to urge U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to take into account farmers who are prevented from planting crops due to adverse weather when implementing a new safety net program. Providing the most accurate picture of farm revenue is critical because the calculated threshold will determine which farms will receive assistance and at what levels under both individual and county Agricultural Risk Coverage programs. 
The President and First Lady will visit North Dakota’s Standing Rock Sioux Reservation next week. This visit is a milestone for Indian Country and I welcome them to our state. This trip will enable North Dakota to show off the rich culture, history, and traditions of our tribes, while also raising awareness about the challenges too many Native American families face, such as extreme poverty and abuse. I’ve been able to spend a great deal of time in Indian Country over the years and have seen both the community spirit as well as the problems facing our tribes. While I may not agree with the President on some issues, we both absolutely agree that giving Native families and children every chance to succeed is imperative.  I look forward to joining him on his visit to Standing Rock. 
Today I helped introduce legislation to fix many of the inappropriate practices and systemic problems with the Veterans Affairs health care system so veterans get the care they need and deserve – no exception. I also strongly supported a separate bill introduced earlier this year that would take strong steps to provide veterans with benefits and care they deserve. Unfortunately, during a vote in February, Republicans blocked the bill from moving forward. 
Because of misguided rulings by the Supreme Court, the voices of everyday North Dakotans are being drowned out by the deep pockets of special interests in political campaigns. That’s why I’m backing a constitutional amendment to limit the onslaught of money in our political system, make sure everyone knows where the money is coming from, and give all candidates a fair shot.
Today I met with folks from Children's Advocacy Centers of North Dakota to talk about the importance of early childhood education, my bill to create a Commission on Native Children, and my efforts to combat the growing problem of human trafficking in North Dakota.
Discussed the importance of improving pay at Minot Air Force Base and workable solutions to help employees keep up the growing cost of living with the Department of Defense Deputy Assistant Secretary Hinkle-Bowles.
The Pautre Wildfire was completely preventable. I appreciate the head of the U.S. Forest Service visiting Dickinson, but I’m now hearing reports from ranchers that the U.S. Forest Service may attempt to deny fault for the fire in order to limit compensation for damages which totaled $10 million. If true, this is unacceptable and I’ll keep working to make sure the Forest Service bears responsibility, steps up to the plate, and fully reimburses ranchers for the damages it caused. 
See my statement on the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed new rule on greenhouse gas emissions from existing coal-fired power plants. 
Native Americans continue to serve our nation proudly at a rate four times higher than any other ethnicity or race. But too often, they don’t get the support or access to the health care, housing services, or benefits they have earned. On June 14 at United Tribes Technical College, I’m hosting a Native American Veterans Summit to connect Native veterans to VA officials, Veterans Service Officers, Indian Health Services officials and other resources to make sure they receive the benefits they deserve.
Fair grazing access is critical to not only the health of the grasslands, but also the livelihood of ranchers and their families across our state. Since last spring, I’ve been pushing on the Forest Service to better protect ranchers’ grazing rights. And today during a roundtable discussion in Dickinson, the Forest Service chief got the chance to hear directly from our ranchers about how many of the Forest Service’s policies are making it difficult for ranchers to do their jobs. 
Our veterans deserve the best care possible – because they earned it. And it should never be a question that they get access to such care in a timely manner. It is my hope that the resignation of Secretary Shinseki will allow us to focus on what should be everyone’s key goals: improving care for those who served and fixing the problems of access to services at VA hospitals around the country, including in Arizona, so they don't ever happen again. 
Learn more about how my bill to create a foster care tax credit will help foster parents across North Dakota. 
As I have said all along, we need to invest in our Intercontinental Ballistic Missile mission and support the incredible servicemembers who help keep our country safe. Air Force Secretary James recommending the Secretary of Defense elevate the Global Strike Command commander to a four-star general, from the current three-star rank is a step in the right direction and it reinforces the importance of our ICBMs. When I visited the Minot Air Force Base this week, I listened to not just senior leaders there, but also junior officers and enlisted personnel. They are some of our best and brightest, and I will continue working to make sure they have the resources and support they need to do their jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1k962tf
Today I toured Watford City and met with Watford City and McKenzie County officials to discuss challenges the city and county face, including the recent tornado that ripped through the area earlier this week. We talked about how all of North Dakota’s communities need to have emergency response plans in place to meet their current needs and incorporate warning and shelter plans for those living in temporary housing, so all residents are notified of disasters in a quick, coordinated way. http://1.usa.gov/1hhokcC
Today I toured Sakakawea Medical Center in Hazen and Coal Country Community Health Center in Beulah to talk about how they are adapting to the changing dynamics of a growing population while still maintaining quality care. While I was in Beulah, I stopped by the Knife River Care Center to say hello to folks.
The Veterans Affairs Inspector General’s report is outright disturbing and we should all be offended by the way the VA health care system has treated many of our veterans. First and foremost, I want to make sure we get to the heart of the problem by finding out what happened at the Arizona VA hospital – and at others around the country – put a plan in place to fix it so these issues don’t ever happen again, and hold those responsible accountable. I’m also reaching out to the VA directly to find out how this specific problem wasn’t addressed when it first came to the attention of VA leadership back in 2010. Such a lack of action and oversight for four years is deeply concerning and shows that we are failing our veterans.  That’s just unacceptable.    The many health care workers at our VA hospitals provide valuable services for our veterans, but because of the actions of a few, many veterans have waited far too long for benefits, health care, and other support. Those who fought for our country deserve the best of the best and it’s past time we give them a system that offers them such care. We need to see real action right now.
North Dakota received $1.5 million in federal funding for improvements to Lake Shure Bridge near West Fargo. Folks from the Lake Shure community know all too well the toll of regular flooding on a community – as many had to boat to their homes for more than a month. These funds will make a significant difference in their lives and is another important step toward making sure North Dakotans have permanent flood protection, as I’ve fought for in Congress.
Today I talked with folks at the Bismarck Rotary Club about the work I’ve done in the Senate so far, my hope for real progress and making Congress work in a constructive, bipartisan manner, and the important work we have to do in the coming months. http://1.usa.gov/1oLbhzU
I led a bipartisan group of 47 Senators to call on the Environmental Protection Agency for a 120-day public comment period on its new regulations on greenhouse gas emissions from existing coal-fired power plants, which it’s expected the EPA will announce next week. We need workable regulations, and utilities, rural electric cooperatives, employees, and consumers need sufficient time to analyze the rule and its potential impacts on reliability, electricity providers, jobs, and the economy. 
Took a tour of the new Northland Community Health Center clinic in Minot today. I was also honored to receive the Distinguised Advocate Award from the National Association of Community Health Centers. Community health centers play a critical role in providing care for rural communities and struggling families across North Dakota. As the state’s population grows, our health care system is feeling added pressure, and more clinics, like in Minot, make a big difference. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d5f9e9df-2a9d-4ffc-b889-075bcec499e7
Today, I participated in a Small Business Opportunity Roundtable in Minot hosted by the Small Business Administration. We were able to connect small businesses and area entrepreneurs with the resources they need to be successful in North Dakota. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0466fc10-84d0-41cf-af5c-3db40549c424
On Memorial Day - and every day - it's important we pause and reflect on the tremendous debt of gratitude we owe to those who gave their lives to keep our nation safe and free, as well as to their loving and supportive families.
NA
Don’t miss WDAY’s eye-opening stories about the increase of human trafficking that’s happening right here in North Dakota. I have been working to bring awareness to this issue in our state, country and around the world and am committed to helping North Dakotans work together to prevent this from happening. 
Listen to Eric Marts weekly radio program from Fargo, Heroes of the Heartland, on WDAY AM 970 on Saturday at 7:00 am CT. His show focuses on improving veterans lives, and he and I will chat this week about the crucial role of our military and veterans. Eric is a true hero who was blinded by a roadside bomb when he was deployed in Iraq, and he’s now continuing to serve by helping veterans and their families. Click below to tune in.
On May 20 and June 12, tribally owned small businesses have the opportunity to attend free trainings from the U.S. Small Business Administration to learn about federal grants, loans or support that are available to them, and how they can apply. Click here to RSVP: http://1.usa.gov/1onIdOR
Check out this article from the Grand Forks Herald about how my bill to create a Commission on Native Children is moving full steam ahead. I'll keep fighting to give our Native kids the support and futures they deserve. 
Today I helped pass a comprehensive, bipartisan bill that will authorize permanent flood protection for more than 200,000 North Dakotans. It also makes clear that the Army Corps can’t charge for water from Lake Sakakawea and Lake Oahe – an issue I’ve been working on since I was Attorney General. We still have a lot of work to do, but I’m confident that if we work together on these projects, we can achieve long-term flood protection for North Dakotans.
Today I introduced a bill to help support foster children and their foster families, and encourage more Americans to consider offering safe homes for foster children. The bill would establish a tax credit to help cover the costs of caring for a foster child. North Dakota foster parents change children’s lives, and do it without asking for much in return. We need to encourage families and give them the support they need. This is particularly true for Native American kids who are three times as likely to be in foster care compared to the general population. 
I called on President Obama to reassess the EPA’s proposed regulations on new coal-fired power plants. I have long said that we need to reduce emissions, but the Administration’s proposed regulations on new coal-fired power plants are forcing companies to use clean coal technology that isn’t yet available. Instead, we need to incentivize the development of clean coal technology to improve air quality while also finding a realistic path forward for coal – as the bill I introduced would do. I called on the President to reassess its proposed rule because coal provides nearly 80 percent of North Dakota’s electricity, and if we just freeze coal out of our system, coal jobs will go away and electricity costs will spike. 
Check out my letter to the editor in the Grand Forks Herald about why we need to raise the minimum wage. 
I'm ready to start my Facebook Q&A on the need to make college affordable. Post your question as a comment to this post and I'll answer questions about college affordability and student loan debt.
During a Senate Committee vote today, my bipartisan bill to create a Commission on Native Children overwhelmingly passed – the final step before the bill goes to the full Senate. The bill now has 27 cosponsors, bringing together conservative, moderate, and liberal Senators -- because supporting Native families and children should be an issue all sides can agree on. I will never give up or stop fighting for Native children and now it’s on all of us to make sure we don’t forget or lose our sense of responsibility when it comes to protecting and supporting Native children. I look forward to doing everything in my power to continue this momentum, pass it in Congress, and see this bill signed into law. 
Student loan debt is one of the biggest challenges our country faces. In North Dakota, 83% of college graduates have some student loan debt – the most out of any state. Join me tonight at 6:00pm CT during my Facebook Q&A to answer North Dakotans’ questions on how we can make college affordable and reduce student loan debt.
Join me for my Facebook Q&A about how we need to make college affordable and address the rising student loan debt on Wednesday at 6pm CT. I look forward to hearing from as many North Dakotans as possible.  
The derailment in Casselton last December reinforces that we need to make sure our emergency responders get the training and resources they need to respond to emerging threats and hazards. In March, Casselton Fire Chief Tim McLean testified at a Senate hearing I held on this issue. Now, there are two opportunities this summer that could help provide some important safety training for our emergency responders: A Crude by Rail Emergency Response Training in Colorado and a 2014 BNSF North Dakota TRANSCAER Training Tour taking place in various North Dakota towns. Learn more below.
This Wednesday at 6:00pm CT, join my Facebook Q&A where I'll answer your questions about rising student loan debt and what we can do to make getting a higher education more affordable for students and families. Come back to my Facebook page on Wednesday to ask a question. More info below. 
In a meeting with the U.S. Department of Justice Associate Attorney General to the U.S. Tony West, I pushed for law enforcement and judicial improvements in Indian Country. West overseas the DOJ’s national Task Force on American Indian/Alaska Native Children Exposed to Violence, and I spoke at the first meeting in Bismarck last December. The Task Force’s report combined with my Commission on Native Children bill could go a long way to making sure Native families get the resources they need. http://1.usa.gov/1gHRPUR
Congratulations to all the high school and college graduates across North Dakota. To celebrate your accomplishments and highlight the ambitious students we have in North Dakota, I want to share your best cap and gown photos on my Facebook and Twitter pages. Share your photo on Twitter by including @SenatorHeitkamp, your school name and town and send your photo to press@heitkamp.senate.gov to be uploaded to my Facebook page. Looking forward to seeing your best cap and gown photos.
North Dakota farmers are battling yet another wet spring, with almost all of our corn growers’ crops still not in the ground. Today I called on the U.S. Department of Agriculture to delay the final crop insurance planting deadline for corn growers in North Dakota to provide our hardworking farmers with some more time to make their very consequential decisions, and potentially save USDA money with less of them using the prevented plant claims in the crop insurance program.  I have spent a lot of time discussing this issue with our producers, and am confident it is in all of our best interests to push this deadline back. I hope USDA agrees.  
Today, I met with human rights, Native American, and women's groups in Minneapolis that are working to combat human trafficking.  I was particularly impressed with the Minnesota Indian Women’s Resource Center and the work the organization is doing to reduce trafficking in Indian Country, which is too often a target. In North Dakota, I hope we can take many of the lessons from Minnesota to help stop trafficking in Indian Country and around our state. 
It’s no secret that housing costs in North Dakota are dramatically increasing – putting a burden on families across the state. On June 3 in Fargo, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development will host a free one-day housing training to help folks better understand what federal housing programs are available and how to better share resources between federal, state and local partners. Register below to save your seat today.
When I became Attorney General, I formed a lasting bond with law enforcement officers throughout North Dakota, and their commitment, loyalty and service will stick with me every day. Our law enforcement officers wake up every morning, and put on a uniform that shows they are with us. These men  & women selfless serve and protect in order to make this nation a safer and better place for all of us. Today I went to the Senate floor to say thank you to all of our country’s law enforcement officers for the jobs you do every day – especially North Dakota’s officers, who I believe are the finest in the nation. http://1.usa.gov/1hOWcYG
Seven years ago, our country faced a housing crisis. But to this day, we have yet to heed the lessons of that disaster to make our housing finance system work better or to protect American taxpayers from another similar situation. We all agree that something needs to be done. Today, the Senate Banking Committee passed a good, bipartisan bill -- with my strong support -- that has been thoroughly debated by Senators on both sides of the aisle. It would finally take needed steps to reform our housing finance system so that it works better for North Dakota and American families. 
After bringing FAA Administrator Huerta to North Dakota last month and repeatedly pressing the agency to make needed investments in North Dakota’s airport infrastructure, it is great news that more than $17 million will be used to make improvements to the airports in Minot, Grand Forks, Devils Lake and Jamestown, and help with the construction of a new airport in Bowman.  
The Senate's unanimous confirmation of Diane J. Humetewa to serve as a U.S. District Judge for the District of Arizona is historic. As the first Native American woman to serve as a federal judge and the third Native American ever to do so, I have no doubt that she will hold the court to the highest standards, as she has done throughout her career. Her vast and diverse experience shows that she is more than qualified for this position – from her work as a prosecutor and appellate court judge to her tribe, the Hopi Nation in Arizona, to her advocacy for victims’ rights to her work in academia. She’s an inspiration to Native American families across North Dakota and the country, and I hope that other young Native Americans strive to give back to their communities and stand up for others in the way that Ms. Humetewa has. It’s long overdue that Native Americans are better represented on the federal bench, and today’s vote is an important step forward.
Today I joined Terry Georger, a soybean farmer from Mantador, and five other Senators in calling for the Administration and Congress to support policies that stand up for biodiesel jobs and production in North Dakota and across the nation. The EPA’s proposed rule to reduce the required amount of biofuels produced in the U.S and the expiration of the biodiesel tax credit are already hurting North Dakota farmers and producers. A new study shows nearly 80 percent of U.S. biodiesel producers have scaled back production this year. I’m continuing to push on the EPA and Congress to give our farmers and producers certainty to plan for the future. http://1.usa.gov/1sOyyme
Today I met with the Pentagon to continue my efforts to make sure our brave servicemembers at Minot Air Force Base have the support and resources they deserve to do their jobs and defend our country. Minot’s Task Force 21 plays a critical role in maintaining the close relationship between our state and the Air Force. As a member of the Senate Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Coalition, I have successfully pushed back against wrongheaded policies that may have otherwise eliminated our ICBM silos.
The Senate and House finally reached a bipartisan compromise on the Water Resources Development Act. While it took about a year after the Senate passed its bill, this agreement is a continuation of the work we have put in to get this incredibly important water bill done for North Dakota and the nation. Because of our efforts, the final legislation will authorize permanent flood protection for Fargo, and block the Federal government from charging us a fee to use Lake Sakakawea water. 
Today I met with Joe Johnson from the City of Fargo Police Department to thank him and all of North Dakota’s law enforcement officers for serving our communities and risking their lives to keep North Dakotans safe. As North Dakota’s former Attorney General, I understand the important work our law enforcement puts in every day to keep us safe. #NationalPoliceWeek
It is frustrating that we were prevented yesterday from voting to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, but this fight is not over. I’m continuing to work to find a path forward for this common-sense project that will help us become energy independent. Today I met with Canadian Ambassador to the U.S. Gary Doer to discuss next steps for approving the Keystone XL pipeline. The United States and Canada have a special relationship, and it is critical for us to work with our good friends to the north on an all-of-the-above energy approach. This will not only serve North Dakota well, but the entire U.S. http://1.usa.gov/SXYY8Y
I am frustrated by today’s vote not to move forward on #EnergyEfficiency bill or bill to approve #KXL. I will continue to push to approve pipeline.
Today I joined Senators Franken, Johnson and Klobuchar to press a key federal rail oversight board to swiftly address the poor rail service that has plagued farmers, businesses and communities in North Dakota and throughout the Midwest. A study at NDSU estimated that North Dakota farmers have lost $66 million in revenue since January due to ag shipment delays – this is unacceptable. The rail company needs to do their job quickly so our farmers can get back to doing their job. 
If you have a breathtaking photo that captures the beauty of Theodore Roosevelt National Park, or any federal land across the country, enter it with the Share the Experience contest. Need some inspiration? Check out the most recent winners below. 
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy in North Dakota -- representing 96% of all employers in the state. In honor of Small Business Week, numerous online seminars are available for North Dakota small business owners to help them expand their businesses and increase sales. Follow the link to learn more about how to increase your return on business travel, how to increase customer loyalty, and more. #SBW2014 
Central Power Electric Cooperative in North Dakota received a federal loan for more than $29 million so it can meet the growing demands for electricity as North Dakota's population expands. As we worked to draft a Farm Bill, I fought to make sure rural electric cooperatives can access needed financing to meet the electrical needs of rural customers in North Dakota. 
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers across North Dakota - who help shape us into who we grow up to be and support us during good times and bad, just as my mom has done for me.
We need to raise awareness about human trafficking in North Dakota, as I’ve worked to do in the Senate going back to last fall – through a hearing, strong legislation, and meetings with other advocates locally and globally. Today, I joined officials from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in Fargo to train community leaders on how to identify and report potential occurrences of human trafficking. It’s another important step to help spread the word about this frightening, yet growing problem in our state. By bringing to light the shocking realities so many victims face, and training folks in the community, we can continue to take crucial steps toward making sure North Dakotans, and women and children around the world, are safe. http://1.usa.gov/1kSWM9Y
Today I met with Major General Jack Weinstein, the commander responsible for leading our nation’s Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) force, to talk about the importance of ICBMs and how critical they are to our military. Our servicemembers – including those at Minot Air Force Base – have shown time and time again that they perform a duty that can’t be replaced. I will keep pushing to maintain critical support and resources for military personnel and our ICBM force. http://1.usa.gov/1m34OzP
As a mother of two children, it absolutely pains me to know the heinous criminal acts committed by the terrorist group Boko Haram in Nigeria. Girls as young as 12 years old have been kidnapped and forcibly sold into slavery and possibly marriages –simply because they wanted an education. I joined the 19 other Senate women to condemn these actions and pressed for international cooperation to impose additional sanctions against the terrorist organization. #BringBackOurGirls http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=35bfaf5b-40bb-40fc-84fd-8d840e983329
For my first 13 months in the Senate, I worked every day to craft a long-term Farm Bill that would work for our state’s greatest economic driver: agriculture. Now that we passed a Farm Bill, I’m making sure the law works for North Dakota’s farmers and ranchers. Today I participated in a Senate Agriculture hearing with U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Vilsack  focused on making sure the Farm Bill is implemented as intended.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=81e735cb-00be-4f1c-877b-48a4bf3c177e
Today the U.S. Department of Transportation announced new actions to help improve rail safety when transporting oil by rail. While these rules are a step in the right direction to helping make sure our communities are safe, I will continue to stress that the industry must work with the DOT to make sure these changes are properly implemented. 
On the Senate floor, I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in highlighting the one year anniversary of when the Senate passed the Marketplace Fairness Act to level the playing field for small businesses. It’s a long time past for the House to step up to the plate and stand up for small businesses that deserve a fair shot. http://1.usa.gov/1njfv3I 
Today at a Senate hearing, I questioned federal agencies about problems with retaining and paying federal workers in North Dakota, as too often they don’t make enough to live in our state. Federal agencies need to be able to respond to the needs of the federal workforce because the lack of workers at some federal agencies is hurting some of the growth in North Dakota.  Check it out here.
Inspiring to meet with Norma Bastidas and Madia Morales Ablino today. Norma just completed a solo ultra-triathlon from Cancun, Mexico to Washington, DC last weekend to bring attention to human trafficking in the U.S. and Mexico. Norma and Morales are using their experiences as human trafficking victims to combat the issue. Looking forward to working with these two inspirational women as we seek to end human trafficking in North Dakota and around the world. http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2014/05/02/norma-bastidas-is-about-to-complete-the-longest-triathlon-ever/
83% of North Dakota students graduate with some student loan debt – the most of any state in the country. That’s a frightening statistic. Today, I helped introduce a bill to allow North Dakotans with existing student loan debt to refinance to lower interest rates. This bill would reduce student loan debt, make sure students have access to affordable student loans, and that students aren’t burdened by their debt for decades after they graduate. 
Check out this video of a panel on combatting human trafficking that I spoke at with Cindy McCain and Senator Klobuchar at the McCain Institute’s annual Sedona Forum which brings together world leaders to talk about global issues. We can’t solve the problem of human trafficking overnight, but by shining a bright light on it, we can help reduce it in North Dakota, around the country, and throughout the world.  
Today I announced that North Dakota has received its first ever competitive AmeriCorps award that will allow Reading Corps and AmeriCorps programs to reach more North Dakota children, so we can continue to have one of the best-educated states in the country. All North Dakota children deserve quality early childhood education, and this funding will go a long way in making that a reality. 
It’s an understatement to say North Dakota is growing.  In fact, our state is booming – with resources, economic development, and people. That’s why I asked U.S. Census Director John Thompson to visit North Dakota so he can see our state for himself, because you have to see it to understand it. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, North Dakota is currently the nation’s fastest growing state. 
Check out this tutorial on how to navigate the new U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs E-benefits site for veterans and their spouses who are searching for jobs. 
As the daughter of a school cook, I understand the hard work that goes into making nutritious meals for students. Today in Bismarck, the students at Centennial Elementary showed their appreciation for the hard work and dedication of their school cook and the 2013-2014 Food Service Employee of the Year, Cecilia Tolsteadt, in honor of School Lunch Hero Day.
A conservative estimate of how much revenue North Dakota farmers have lost due to agriculture shipment delays over the course of the previous four months is $66 million, according to a study I asked NDSU to conduct. This report confirms what I have been stressing to government regulators and the railroad industry: the problems with ag shipments are threatening the livelihood of the thousands of North Dakotans who are involved in agriculture. 
How do you spark economic development in rural America? It is crucial to understand what works, and what doesn't, which is why I chaired an Ag subcommittee hearing to get answers. #ruraliscool #smalltowngirl
Today I chaired a Senate Agriculture Subcommittee hearing that highlighted challenges as well as proven tactics for sparking economic development in rural America. Growing up in a very small community, I have a keen understanding of how challenging it is to build and maintain economic opportunities in rural communities. I also brought out Dawn Keeley from Grafton who spoke about how good regional strategies can help solve local issues while also preparing communities for growth. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b14be14a-1f49-4654-8709-c355c4bd87b9
We continue to hear delay, delay, delay from the Administration about the Keystone XL pipeline. I’m beyond sick of it. Today, I helped introduce a strong, bipartisan bill that would fully approve construction of this project. I'm proud to have recruited support from 10 other Democrats last month for the pipeline. And now, all of those Democrats also signed onto today’s bill – which is the largest number of Democrats to sign onto legislation supporting full approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. If the Administration isn’t going to make a decision on this project after more than five years, then we’ll make it for them.  End of story. 
At the Senate Indian Affairs hearing today, we discussed why the system for energy development on tribal land is far too lengthy and uncertain. We need to make a concerted effort to develop Indian energy expertise within the Bureau of Indian Affairs to improve coordination on permit processing, including setting firm timelines to hold agencies accountable and create predictability for tribes and industry. 
Met with community bankers from around North Dakota to talk about the invaluable and great work that they do for our communities and families.  I will keep fighting for community banks in the Senate.
Met with North Dakota Close Up students from White Shield, Wing, Tappen, Edmore and Hettinger today. I always enjoy talking with young folks who are interested in government.
I'm frustrated and deeply disappointed that the Senate failed to advance a bill to raise the minimum wage and put hard working families first. I don't know anyone in North Dakota earning the current minimum wage who can honestly make ends meet. The cost of living for a single mother with two children in North Dakota is more than $43,000 a year, which means she would have to earn more than $20 per hour to make ends meet. That is nearly triple the current minimum wage. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6be11500-f1d6-497c-ac13-d2ae3ee003e3
During a Congress where too often politics gets in the way of good policy, this bipartisan bill to reform the nation’s housing finance system shows what can happen when we work together to stand up for American families. That’s what legislating is about – working for North Dakotans and Americans to pass legislation that stands up for them and makes our nation stronger. After almost a dozen hearings, this landmark bill accomplishes those goals by ending taxpayer-funded bailouts of the housing market, while still making sure families can afford homes. We have been debating this reform for over a year, and are so close to finalizing it. I greatly appreciate Chairman Johnson and Ranking Member Crapo for their leadership on it and determination to bring this bill across the finish line. 
Human trafficking is on the rise both globally and in our own backyard. This past weekend, Senator Klobuchar and Cindy McCain spoke with world leaders at the McCain Institute’s Sedona Forum about human trafficking – both labor and sex trafficking -- in our home states and how we need to rally together to do everything we can to prevent trafficking and get victims help. 
Last week my Bismarck intern and Standing Rock Sioux Tribe member, Danielle Finn, was named 2nd runner up at the Miss Indian World pageant – the highest recognition at Miss Indian World ever received by a Standing Rock Sioux tribe member. Being recently named a Center For Native Youth Champion for Change, words cannot describe how proud I am of Danielle. http://bismarcktribune.com/news/local/bismarck/bismarck-woman-named-second-runner-up-in-miss-indian-world/article_a677c222-cf1b-11e3-9429-001a4bcf887a.html
NA
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and Cankdeska Cikana Community College at Spirit Lake Nation received federal funding for their Head Start programs. Starting all of our children off at a young age with a strong education, like Head Start provides, will help set them on the right path forward. 
Last weekend, I joined Cindy McCain and Senator Klobuchar at the McCain Institute Sedona Forum to talk about the steps we can take to combat human trafficking. We must do everything we can to reduce human trafficking in North Dakota and across the world.
If April showers bring May flowers - what do April snow storms bring? Got to love North Dakota.
The U.S. Department of Justice announced the launch of a $3 million special initiative to support local communities fight crime in western North Dakota and on MHA Nation. Since day one in the Senate, I have pushed to reauthorize and improve the Violence Against Women Act because I have seen how critical it is for women across North Dakota, especially on Tribal lands and it is great news that this initiative will be used to beef up the resources of VAWA programs in North Dakota. 
Prescription drug abuse has torn apart too many lives, families and communities across the state and all of us need to do our part to help put an end to it. Remember to participate in National Drug Take-Back Day on Saturday by bringing expired or left over medicine to one of the locations across the state to can help reduce access to prescription drugs and push back on the growing problem of prescription drug abuse in North Dakota. 
I’m honored Cindy McCain invited me to participate in the McCain Institute’s annual Sedona Forum where we’ll discuss with world leaders, philanthropists, and the business community our efforts to combat human trafficking, which includes both sex and labor trafficking. We can’t solve this problem overnight, but by shining a bright light on the growth of human trafficking in North Dakota, the U.S., and around the world, we can help reduce it. 
Joined U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx in Fargo to talk about how funding for rural highways is the most important transportation issue facing the state of North Dakota. Because products often come from or must pass through rural America to reach coastal markets, the entire nation is well served by significant federal investment to improve surface transportation infrastructure in states like North Dakota. That’s why we need to pass a long-term reauthorization of the federal transportation bill which expires in September, so that we are supporting rural transportation throughout North Dakota.
U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx visited Casselton today and we talked about how as rail traffic has increased, we must make sure our communities that have rail lines nearby are fully protected, which I have continued to push for. The success of North Dakota’s energy industry comes at additional costs, a fact that the communities of Casselton, Jamestown, and Fargo are more aware of than most. After the train derailment in Casselton last December, I have been in direct contact with Secretary Foxx and other federal agencies, local officials, North Dakota families, and industry. I’m committed to making sure safety is everyone’s top priority as we move forward. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b6c0245c-0c76-45ea-b1e1-3b0328f1f1b7
As Chairwomen of the Senate Agriculture Subcommittee on Jobs, Rural Economic Grown and Energy Innovation, I’m holding a Senate hearing to take an in-depth look at what has worked to boost economic development and what can be done in rural areas to achieve long-term, sustainable economic growth. Because of the recently passed Farm Bill, there are many ways North Dakotans can harness federal resources to support and build their communities. Grafton’s Dawn Keeley, Executive Director of the Red River Regional Council, will testify. Tune in live on Thursday, May 1 at 9:00 a.m. CT 
Honored to speak at the North Dakota Community Action Partnership Annual Conference today to highlight its commitment to serving low-income North Dakotans. The programs that Community Action supports across our state, like Head Start and workforce development, invest in our most valuable resource -- our people. My uncle worked at one of these programs in Minnesota, and I know firsthand the importance of the support they give to families in need.
Met with folks at in Bismarck today to learn more about UNISYS’ operations, meet some of the 150 employees at the Bismarck facility, and learn about their innovative work in information technology.
The national graduation rate for Native high school students hovers around 50% compared to more than 75% for white students. Those aren’t odds any parent wants to hear. Today at United Tribes Technical College in Bismarck, I brought together students, education leaders, and social workers to talk about how we can work together to give Native students the futures they deserve – that’s something all North Dakotans should want to invest in. My bill to create a Commission on Native Children would be an important part of that effort by helping to improve education opportunities and bridging the academic achievement gaps between Native and non-Native students. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1e28d0d3-01c0-4c7a-b663-c8017cd0522c
Today I met with students at Bob Callies Elementary school and Garrison High School.  Education is the foundation for our state and country’s future success. I’m proud of the work North Dakota’s schools are doing to give a quality education to our students and I always enjoy chatting with the future leaders of our state.
Today I met with folks at JM Grain in Garrison to talk about how the company is leading the way in expanding opportunities for agricultural producers in North Dakota. North Dakota is the 8th largest agriculture exporting state in the country and our ag exports support more than 45,000 jobs in the state. I fought to make sure the Farm Bill strengthened support for North Dakota ag exporters, and I will continue to work on policies that enable our farmers and producers to feed North Dakota, the U.S. and the world. 
Talked at MHA Nation’s Annual Bakken Oil & Gas Conference today about the opportunities presented by energy production on tribal lands, as well as the challenges I’m working to address, like streamlining the federal permitting process to help support safe and responsible oil and gas development. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=54da798b-35dc-42cd-86a9-ca343be8f2d1
Also brought Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerta to Williston to meet with Minot, Dickinson, Bismarck and Williston officials about their airport infrastructure needs. 
Today the United States Postal Service announced that they will introduce Mobile Point of Sale devices in six locations across North Dakota this week – following through on a commitment from Postmaster General Donahoe after our meeting about mail delivery conditions in North Dakota. It’s no secret that mail delivery and service standards need to be improved in our state and this is a positive step forward. 
Today I hosted Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerta, where he announced that North Dakota’s Northern Plains Unmanned Systems Authority is the first of six UAS sites to be officially up and running. I have always said North Dakota is a perfect spot for our nation to develop UAS technology and procedures and it’s great Administrator Huerta is able to see that for himself today. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=92dd5723-e6b9-4e15-98c1-b6e3537ec48a
It’s absolutely ridiculous that the well over five year long process on the Keystone XL pipeline is continuing for an undetermined amount of time, as the U.S. State Department said it is again delaying the time frame. This most recent delay leaves everyone waiting in limbo – federal agencies, construction and energy workers and companies, state officials, and Canada. It hurts all of us when no decisions are made. I’ll keep pressing the Administration for a clear timeframe for the pipeline, as I did just last week with 10 other Democratic Senators. But because of this latest delay tactic by the Administration, I’ll continue to seriously consider other available options for approval. 
With 96 percent of North Dakota’s businesses considered small businesses, community banks enable small businesses to get financing to operate, help farmers get loans to support their farms, and allow families to buy homes. That’s why I’m calling on the President to nominate someone to the Federal Reserve Board who understands the lifelines community banks provide in rural areas so our voices and needs are heard.
The U.S. Surface Transportation Board did the right thing by directing the railroad industry to report by April 18 its plans to make sure fertilizer is delivered to farmers for spring planting. North Dakota farmers have serious deadlines coming up and this was a much needed step.
While in Mexico with Senator Klobuchar and Cindy McCain, we sat down with Sergio Alcocer, the Undersecretary Foreign Minister for North America to discuss ways we can work together to better combat human trafficking.
Met with Mexican officials to discuss human trafficking and pave the way toward finding solutions to combat this devastating crime.
Human trafficking affects families all across the country, and all around the globe. I had a productive meeting with U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Anthony Wayne and Mexico's Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam about what they have already done to address human trafficking, and how we can start to combat this serious crime.
Check out this Associated Press article about how I'm pushing for a true all-of-the-above energy strategy. 
Human trafficking is a grave problem both abroad and in our own backyard. My trip to Mexico with Senator Klobuchar and Cindy McCain will enable us to learn about the actions Mexico is taking to stop these horrific crimes, and help us as we work to address them in North Dakota and around the nation. Senator Klobuchar and I already have a bill that would make it easier for victims of sex trafficking to come forward and offer them a path toward a normal life. 
It was great to meet with Shelle Aberle from Bismarck, a military caregiver selected as an Elizabeth Dole Foundation Fellow. Proud of the work she and all military caregivers do to support our veterans.
Just another day on the job before heading to the game.
Today I met with U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Utilities Service Administrator John Padalino and stressed to him that we need to continue to improve access to high-speed Internet in North Dakota and across rural America. It’s now essential that our businesses, schools, and hospitals are able to connect with the world to help students learn and connect businesses to customers beyond just those in their communities. 16% of North Dakotans do not have access to high-speed Internet, and that jumps to 36% in rural parts of the state and to 75% in Indian Country in North Dakota.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=09af1708-d105-445b-824e-7e134382f623
The process to seek approval on the Keystone XL pipeline has been exhaustive in its time, breadth, and scope. It has already taken much longer than anyone can reasonably justify. We need a definitive timeline laid out. That’s why I recruited 10 Democratic Senators to join me in calling on the President to make a decision.
Sat down with Eric Nelson, President of ND Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA) and retired Major General Joseph Lynch, general counsel for MOAA, to discuss important issues affecting the military and veterans community.
Met with North Dakotans from the Alzheimer’s Association, Minnesota-North Dakota Chapter to discuss the need for increased funding for research and raising awareness for Alzheimer’s.
I enjoyed meeting with a ND Close Up group here in DC – always great to hear from our country’s future leaders.
Proud to stand with ND's Cherry Blossom Princess and my press assistant, Karly Moen.
Today at a Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing, I talked about how too often we’re losing Native students who are falling behind or not graduating high school. Just 63% of Native American students in North Dakota graduate high school, compared to 90% for their white peers in the state. We need to do everything possible to raise awareness about education for Native students and seek real solutions to close this widening achievement gap. Passing my Commission on Native Children bill would be a strong step forward toward making that possible.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7397cbfb-cd98-4f13-99bf-6e5c2079e3be
At a Senate hearing today, I urged Senate appropriators to make needed investments to keep railways and communities safe. We must give our communities confidence that energy products being transported by rail – which have increased greatly in the last few years, especially in North Dakota – are moving as safely as possible.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=aab5a65d-28f3-4590-b889-98893f32ddf4
Today – Equal Pay Day – I spoke on the Senate floor about how it’s long overdue that Congress pass the Paycheck Fairness Act. This bill would help close the wage gap between men and women including in North Dakota, where women make just 74% of what men earn. Right now women have to work 12 years longer than men to make up the pay gap.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=70f3ad91-54d4-4f8a-9073-c4bbb8cb2f1e 
During a Senate Agriculture Committee hearing today, I spoke about the importance of biofuels to North Dakota’s true all-of-the-above energy strategy and how the Renewable Fuel Standard is critical to enabling biofuels to support good jobs, strengthen the economy, and lower prices at the pump for North Dakota families.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=61193e75-4168-4c9e-a86d-23f953bcec5d 
After Senator Hoeven and I called on the U.S. Defense Department to avoid eliminating missile silos, like those at Minot Air Force Base, the Defense Department today announced it will preserve these silos. These weapons, supported by the incredible servicemembers at Minot Air Force Base, offer the best deterrent to potential enemies who may wish the U.S. and our allies harm.
Check out these 5 reasons to support my new bipartisan bill that would help schools more easily serve healthy meals. Spoiler alert: There are GIFs with Beyonce and Adam Sandler 
Next week I will participate in a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing to examine the levels of federal resources that are needed to keep our railways safe for passengers and communities. It will be another opportunity to continue to highlight how important it is that we improve rail safety to make sure our families and communities are safe. 
Today, Republican Senator Susan Collins and I introduced a bill to help schools provide healthy meals for students. Right now, 74% of school districts in North Dakota need at least one piece of kitchen equipment to better serve healthy meals. But the median cost to meet the new lunch requirements is approximately $18,000 per school in the state. Our bill would help give schools resources so students can get the healthy fuel they need to focus as they learn and grow. 
Joined the Instagram world today. Check out my first post and follow me for a behind-the-scenes look at my work in the U.S. Senate. 
Bismarck residents Dana Schaar Jahner and Jessica Gilbertson came in today on behalf of the North Dakota Association of Non-Profit Organizations to talk about non-profit tax issues.
Today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing about my bill to create a Commission on Native Children marked another important step forward toward making a meaningful difference  in the lives of children who too often don’t have a strong voice standing behind them. Grateful for Senator Byron Dorgan’s testimony in support of my bill and the work he has done for our Native children.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8c7bc1be-9c1e-4566-a4ae-c4bbab904e5a
Watch today’s Indian Affairs Committee hearing at 1:30pm CT. We will be discussing my Commission on Native Children Bill. Thrilled former Indian Affairs Committee Chairman Byron Dorgan is testifying in support of my legislation.  
Nurses are the backbone of our healthcare systems and today I sat down with Bismarck nurse, Cheryl Rising, to discuss home health, hospice, and more.
We need to make sure North Dakotans are protected from potential floods. Today I met with folks to discuss possible funding options for the Garrison Diversion.
Discussed the importance of making sure our students have healthy and affordable school meals, which also help them do better in school, with Lise Erdrich from Circle of Nations Indian School.
Land is critical to making sure tribes can fully exercise their sovereignty. The Carcieri decision created additional barriers for our North Dakota tribes, preventing them from accessing funds to build homes, manage their natural resources, and promote tribally-owned businesses. That’s why I introduced a bipartisan bill with seven other Senators to end the uncertainty from this decision. The bill also acknowledges that it’s only fair that every federally recognized tribe should have the ability to put land into trust. 
Between Senate Committee hearings, meeting with North Dakotans, and voting, my days in Washington are busy. Check out this behind-the-scenes look at what a day in my life is like when I’m in Washington, D.C. 
Learn more about my long history working of working to find a viable path forward for coal – an affordable, reliable, and abundant source of energy – so it is available for North Dakotans for decades to come. 
This morning, I listened to the concerns of the Fargo and West Fargo Somali community.
Making sure we are living up to our trust and treaty responsibilities with Indian Country is one of my top priorities. I chatted with MSNBC's Luke Russert about the need to stand up for Native families in North Dakota and across the country. 
We are truly a nation of immigrants as folks have journeyed here for generations, seeking better and more prosperous lives for themselves and their families. The newest citizens I congratulated today understand the opportunities this country affords and I am privileged to welcome them as fellow U.S. citizens. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a8806aca-c320-42d4-9b77-c73dd4e0fa1a
Today the U.S. Department of Energy notified me that North Dakota has been chosen as a site for one of the nationwide meetings the Administration is hosting to examine critical energy issues. It makes perfect sense to include North Dakota as a site considering the vast energy resources and development in our state, which is why I insisted that the Department of Energy come to North Dakota. 
The health care reform law isn’t perfect. No law ever is. I have long said there are some good pieces of the law and some pieces that should be improved. Today, I joined five other Senators in announcing needed ideas to improve the parts of the law that could work better for families and businesses across North Dakota – as I pledged to do since before joining the Senate. Already, the law is providing coverage for those with preexisting conditions, putting consumers before insurance companies, and ending lifetime and annual caps. But we can do more. I hope Democrats and Republicans will put politics aside, join us, and offer their ideas to find real solutions so every North Dakotan can get affordable, quality health coverage.  
The Senate came together in a bipartisan fashion today to support our friend and ally, Ukraine, with an emergency aid package. North Dakotans have deep connections to the Ukrainian people, and we stand with them as they work to rebuild their economy, hold new elections, and chart their own path forward. 
I had the privilege to spend time with members of North Dakota’s National Guard. Their service and dedication to our state and country is truly inspiring and we’re all so proud of them.
Also looking forward to having U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx come to Casselton next month to meet with community leaders and continue our efforts to improve rail safety. 
North Dakota is doing outstanding work to help build the UAS industry. We are bringing U.S. Federal Aviation Administration head Michael Huerta to Grand Forks next month to see this progress for himself. We will also bring him to Williston so he can see the critical need for infrastructure improvements. 
The Senate Indian Affairs Committee  is holding a hearing next Wednesday at 1:30pm CT about my bill that would create a Commission on Native Children. Senator Dorgan will testify. I’m working to make sure Native children aren’t left behind because when they’re given an opportunity to really thrive, they are able to make tremendous achievements for themselves, their families, and communities. That’s why I’m pushing for this bill and that’s why I pushed for this hearing on it. 
Chatted with Major General Sprynczynatyk and other brave leaders of the North Dakota National Guard today.
As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, I appreciated talking with the North Dakota Banker’s Association about its priorities.
Investing in agriculture research is a clear priority. Today, North Dakotans with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Agricultural Research Service came in to talk about what they’re working on and how the Farm Bill will help them in the future.
North Dakota FFA cultivates opportunities of leadership, responsibility and knowledge. Today I met with an impressive due from the North Dakota FFA - Rugby resident Joshua Stutrud and Katie Vculek from Oakes – who came in to talk about renewable fuel standards, crop insurance, wetland laws and other agriculture related issues.
Today’s Senate hearing, which I called for, examined how we better train our first responders for emerging threats and hazards, like the derailment in Casselton. Casselton Fire Chief Tim McLean came to Washington, D.C. to testify at the hearing, provide helpful information for first responders across the country, and share his experiences after the train derailment near Casselton on December 30. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=69cab099-86b4-4fd7-b06a-8b7d0a72bb2b 
Small businesses are a critical component of the economy in North Dakota, and around the country. This week, Google launched its Get Your Business Online initiative by making it fast, easy and free for small businesses to get online. Check out its resources and information to help grow your small business today. 
Today I announced my new bill to support a realistic path forward for coal – a resource which provides almost 80 percent North Dakota’s electricity and provides good jobs. I’m committed to making sure this affordable, abundant energy source is available for North Dakotans for decades to come. I have a long history with coal going back to my time working for 12 years at Dakota Gasification. Since joining the Senate, that story has only continued from visiting the clean coal plant at SaskPower in Canada, to bringing the EPA Administrator to North Dakota to talk about the importance of coal, to hosting a symposium in Washington on clean coal technology. My bill brings together ideas and lessons from all of these experiences and offers a pragmatic solution to put coal on a sustainable path forward. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ca053159-28f7-4352-8aa9-8fc4d6b6d8c5
The effects of North Dakota’s housing shortage can be felt by folks all across the state. Now, 15 housing authorities in North Dakota will receive awards from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development so they can begin to address this issue. 
Glad to spend time at CHS HQ in Inver Grove Heights to talk with leadership and employees about issues impacting our region.  I ran into my friend, Jon Erickson from Minot, who sits on their Board.
Answered questions from folks in Grand Forks tonight at my town hall. Great to see so many people there and thank you to those of you who came out for it.
The Young Business Leaders in Grand Forks are motivated and hardworking folks - I can't wait to see the great things they do for our state and country. Today I met with them to talk about privacy, infrastructure, workforce topics and other issues.
Today I was at Case New Holland in Fargo with U.S. Export-Import Bank President and Chairman Fred Hochberg. CNH is a great example of how to build a company by both selling products in the U.S., and also exporting globally. I even got to drive one of CNH's tractors.
Check out this video from my visit with sociology students at Red River High School in Grand Forks today. We talked about the recent rise of sex and human trafficking in North Dakota and my bill that would allow those forced into trafficking to be treated as victims, not criminals. 
From tractors to sunflower seeds, North Dakota makes some of the best products in the world. Today I was joined by U.S. Export-Import Bank President and Chairman Fred P. Hochberg to connect him with our states many innovative small businesses and to make sure that North Dakotans have the resources to sell their goods across the globe. http://1.usa.gov/1lTiEDm
Enjoyed taking questions from folks in Fargo tonight at my Town hall. Thanks to all who came out tonight.
Proud to co-host the Red River Valley Research Corridor’s Small Business Summit today to create an opportunity for folks to learn key information and gain access to individuals that will allow North Dakota’s small businesses to keep leading the way. Small businesses account for over 96 percent of all employers in North Dakota, so their success is important for all North Daktoans. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b2516970-61b1-4af8-805a-f14feba88f0b
Check out this piece in Indian Country Today about my work for Native families -- issues very close to my heart.
Great turn out for my town hall in Bismarck. Thanks to everyone who attended, and appreciate all the questions.
Today I received commitments from the U.S. Postal Service to help improve mail delivery and service throughout North Dakota. While we still have a long way to go, these moves are steps in the right direction. It's good news the Postal Service is reading the stories I sent them from North Dakotans across the state who are facing problems with mail delivery from my Fix My Mail effort. 
Today I toured Blaise Energy in Bismarck to see their work to reduce flaring so we can harness more of the natural gas – and avoid wasting some of it – and use it in more homes and businesses across the state and country. Since North Dakota is experiencing unprecedented increases in natural gas production, it is great to see companies in our state working to make our energy technology even better. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=71ea5f0f-e31c-45f7-ab89-6dca0bcbc52a
Native American languages tell the story of a tribe's history and culture, and they are important parts of American history. I'm proud to support a bill that protects programs that teach Native children their traditional language, while also helping them do better in school and learn about their heritage. Without making a concerted effort to protect Native languages now, we risk losing them forever. 
Open enrollment for the Health Insurance Marketplace ends on March 31st - be sure to sign up before so you and your families are fully protected. 
If you own a small business and want to learn about ways to expand your business abroad, join US Export-Import Bank Chairman and President Fred P. Hochberg at a free forum on Thursday, March 20. Register here: http://www.exim.gov/gasb
I’m honored to attend a ceremony to welcome home North Dakota National Guardsmen and women of Detachment 42 later today in Bismarck. They make everyone in North Dakota and America so proud, thank you for your service. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f9a79a56-5785-48f2-bcbf-72cce98bf988
Looking forward to seeing North Dakota small businesses at a free forum I am hosting with US Export-Import Bank Chairman and President Fred P. Hochberg to discuss ways area businesses can increase sales abroad by finding new markets and customers and more. If you haven’t done so already, register here: http://www.exim.gov/gasb
Check out this story in the Dickinson Press on how I'm pushing for fair grazing access for North Dakota ranchers. 
Today I was honored to receive a blanket from the MHA tribe, presented by the son and close family of Alyce Spotted Bear. She was a dear friend, an dedicated advocate for Native families and an inspiration to everyone she interacted with - there was no one better to name my first bill to create a Commission on Native Children after. I know that because it carries her name, my Commission on Native Children cannot fail.
After months of bipartisan deliberations, the Senate today passed a bill that will provide critical relief to homeowners in Minot, Grafton, and other areas across North Dakota from unaffordable rate increases, while also making sure the flood insurance program is on a stable path forward. 
Nationally, 60% of Tribal roads are unpaved and 27% of bridges on Tribal lands are deficient. And all five North Dakota Tribes continue to tell me that they need help improving their roads and bridges. When the roads aren’t safe or families can’t drive on them, kids can’t get to school, mail can’t get delivered, families can’t get their groceries, and law enforcement can’t do their jobs.  And it means we see more accidents on the roads. This is unacceptable, and today at a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, I pushed federal agencies about the need to invest in transportation infrastructure in Indian Country.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cae1d664-b36f-4ac1-8036-df086eaedc4d
Will be highlighting #NorthDakota’s unique tribal transportation issues this morning at Indian Affairs hearing. Watch here: 
Honored to meet with the Center for Native American Youth’s 2014 Champions for Change, including Bismarck’s own Danielle Finn, a member of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe & an intern in my Bismarck office. It’s incredibly heartening to hear about the remarkable work they are doing to make a real difference for their Tribes.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=bac296cb-8c55-49e1-97fd-1fc7c8cc98da
Over the last several months, I have repeatedly heard from North Dakotans who have experienced unsatisfactory rail service. Today I met with BNSF CEO Carl Ice again as part of my efforts to continue to make sure North Dakota rail transportation issues are a top priority for BNSF – from safety on the rails to reliable Amtrak service to on time agriculture shipments. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=780a254f-395d-4490-9a2d-6fd05488185f
Senators Johnson and Crapo worked together to craft a strong housing finance reform bill that builds off legislation introduced by a bipartisan group of Senators last spring. And today, we’re taking another giant step forward – also in a bipartisan manner. I have long said that it’s past time that we reform our housing finance system.  We’re now five years out from the financial crisis, and while Congress has worked to address many of the failures that led to that disaster, we have still yet to make needed changes to our country’s mortgage markets. This legislation includes many proposals I pushed for to support North Dakota’s rural and Native American communities, and protect access to the secondary mortgage market for small lenders.  I look forward to continuing to move this bill through the legislative process in the near future so we can shield taxpayers while maintaining the 30-year-fixed-rate mortgage for North Dakotans.  This important effort shows that Congress can compromise and work together to make our nation stronger. 
On March 19, I'm co-hosting a Small Business Summit to bring together local leaders to discuss major trends and forces influencing small businesses in our region. Small businesses play a critical role in North Dakota's economy and this is a great opportunity for businesses to discuss challenges and solutions they face. Participants will also have the opportunity to hear from a senior product marketing manager from Google about ways small businesses can utilize online resources to increase sales and grow business. Register below to take part in the Small Business Summit. 
After the December train derailment near Casselton, I called on BNSF to take action and improve North Dakota’s rail transportation. This week they committed to make specific investments to do just that. 
The way the U.S. Postal Service operates right now, specifically in North Dakota, is unacceptable. Since launching Fix My Mail in January, I’ve heard shocking stories from folks from Grand Forks to Dickinson about problems they have faced with their mail delivery and standards. Today I sent these stories to the Postal Service and the Government Accountability Office so they can hear the concerns in rural American firsthand, address these issues and get back on the right track. If you have mail stories to share, go to: http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=fixmymail 
North Dakota veterans & servicemembers repeatedly tell me it is crucial that we remove the military chain of command from the decision as to whether or not an alleged sexual assault is prosecuted. That is why I voted today for Senator Gillibrand’s bill to reduce military sexual assaults. 
Today, the a Senate Commerce Subcommittee held a hearing at my request which brought together Senators, regulators, and industry where we had a frank discussion about how to improve rail safety – particularly in light of the derailment in Casselton. I will continue to make sure that the safety of North Dakota families is a top priority for both Federal regulators and industry – and that it stays that way.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=912b7d49-3bd6-4cab-b6de-13ac3ca07b8c 
Senate Commerce hearing I called for to examine rail safety starting now. Click link below to watch live.
Honored to meet with North Dakota veterans from all across the state today to chat about ways to make sure they get the support they need and deserve.
Today I met with folks from all across North Dakota who are part of Rural Leadership North Dakota. It was great to meet so many inspiring North Dakotans who are committed to being involved and making a positive difference in our state.
Chatted with Tom Simmons today from Midcontinent about how we can work together for North Dakotans.
Organized a Coal Technology Symposium today with Senators Manchin, Donnelly, and Warner, where we brought together experts from government, industry and academia to talk about finding a viable path forward for coal in ND and the US.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=aecf9319-e03d-431f-a0ae-7b891581f57f 
The Army Corps of Engineers FY2014 work plan includes $6.3 million to complete the design of the Fargo-Moorhead Diversion. I have continued to work with local and federal officials to get this funding. Flooding is too often a reality in the Fargo-Moorhead region, and we need to do everything we can to protect North Dakotans’ homes and families from these devastating natural disasters.  
Proud of my Bismarck intern and member of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, Danielle Finn, for being named a 2014 Champion for Change by the Center for Native American Youth. Her commitment to making a difference is inspiring and her recognition is well-deserved. I’m glad to have her as part of my team. 
On Thursday at 10:00am CT, I will take part in a Senate Commerce Subcommittee hearing about rail transportation - which I called for after the December train derailment near Casselton. This hearing is part of my continued effort to help us understand what caused the recent derailments and determine how we can improve rail safety so our towns and communities are better protected. Watch the hearing live here on Thursday. 
Today I spoke at the Upper Midwest Aviation Symposium in Grand Forks. North Dakota continues to be a leader in the aviation industry and I'm working to make sure this remains the case for years to come. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8e2d7871-f03e-485c-8f03-947d2f452b53
A little snow in DC doesn't close my office. We're open and working hard.
The Small Business Summit on March 19 will be a great opportunity for North Dakota’s small businesses to learn about major trends and forces influencing small business in our region, as well as hear from a senior Google executive about how small businesses can use online resources. Small businesses represent 96% of all employers in North Dakota, and I’m proud to co-host this event that will help such a large number of North Dakotans. Register below to take part. Register today. 
Today I met with leaders from the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa to discuss ways to work together to improve housing conditions on the reservation, address law enforcement issues and tour the recently opened Byron Dorgan Youth Wellness Center. I’m working to find real solutions to help Native families. 
Today I brought Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy to provide North Dakotans an opportunity to voice their concerns directly with the nation’s top environmental regulator, whose decisions frequently have major impacts on the state. With the help of many hardworking North Dakotans, who depend on coal for their jobs or to keep the lights and heat on for their families, we made a strong case to Administrator McCarthy that coal is critically important to Americans. Our state is paving the way in energy development, and I appreciate Administrator McCarthy heeding my requests to come visit and taking the time to let me show her around. 
Fargo resident Jesse Breidenbach with the Safety Net Hospital for Pharmaceutical Access stopped in today to talk about the importance of discount drug programs for safety net providers.
Met with North Dakota Up with Downs to talk about ways we can improve assistance for those with down syndrome and continue to fund research for it. It made my day to see such an energetic and wonderful group.
Today’s new report from the State Department’s Inspector General shows proper measures were taken in vetting and selecting Environmental Resources Management to assist in preparing the required environmental evaluation for the Keystone XL pipeline. In fact, in some cases, the Department actually made the selection process even more stringent for ERM than prescribed. This report finally puts this issue to bed. Another box has been checked in this long, exhaustive process, and the evidence again shows that we must continue toward final approval of the Keystone XL pipeline without delay. As I have said - and will continue to reiterate - this project is in our economic, national security, and energy interests. And it hurts us all when the delays on it continue.
Today’s Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing on early childhood development and education comes at a critical time for our Native children. Early childhood programs are a proven method we can use to overcome our past and close the resulting achievement gap. I’m grateful for the opportunity to discuss what we can do to better support our Native families and to highlight the need for improvement in Indian country education. 
Tracy’s Kids, a therapy program for kids with cancer, has been and continues to be a source of strength and bravery for so many children , and I’m honored to receive their the program’s Courage award this year. I beat cancer 12 years ago, and with the help of Tracy’s Kids, I have no doubt that so many children battling cancer will be able to accomplish the same goal. 
The U.S. Department of Transportation announced new packaging and classification rules for crude, which are good steps forward toward improving safety. But some of the testing standards and requirements in the new rule aren’t very clear, and I hope the agency will work with industry to help clarify them so we can get this regulation right. Improving rail safety is absolutely needed, but we shouldn’t jump to conclusions about how to achieve it before receiving all the facts.
I fought hard to make sure North Dakotans were protected in the Farm Bill and I’m proud we passed a bill that gives the necessary protections to our farmers and ranchers. Today, folks with the North Dakota Sugarbeet Growers Association came in to talk about our state’s sugar industry and how the Farm Bill will affect them.
Congratulations to Bethany Berntson and Tyler Toepke-Floyd on their selection to serve as North Dakota’s delegates to the U.S. Senate Youth Program. Looking forward to having them in DC, and glad to have our state so well represented at this prestigious program. 
We are at a critical moment for the future of coal-fired power, and the Coal Technology Symposium on March 5 will allow us to bring together a variety of folks who work with coal in different capacities to discuss workable solutions for the future. I’m looking forward to working with Senators Joe Manchin, Joe Donnelly, and Mark Warner to continue our efforts to find a viable path forward for coal. I hope everyone in the Washington D.C. area will take advantage of this opportunity and attend the Coal Technology Symposium on March 5 from 1-6pm ET in Senate Dirksen Room 366. More information about speakers and schedule can be found here: http://www.undeerc.org/CoalTechnologySymposium.pdf 
Met with Bismarck State College VP of National Energy Center of Excellence, Kari Knudson, and Director of Great Plains Energy Corridor, Emily McKay, about the importance of investing in North Dakota’s students and the role our education systems can play in North Dakota’s all-of-the-above energy strategy.
Today I met with folks with the North Dakota Farmers Union Young Producers to talk about the Farm Bill, and how we can make sure it works for North Dakota’s farmers and ranchers. Great to see friendly North Dakotans here in D.C.
Tracy’s Kids is a wonderful pediatric art therapy program that works at D.C.’s Children’s National Hospital and all across the nation.  Today I toured the hospital to see the great work that they do and meet some of the brave children they work with.
In my many conversations with Administrator McCarthy, I repeatedly encouraged her to visit our great state, and to hear from folks who actually have to implement and comply with EPA regulations every day. I’m grateful that she agreed to visit North Dakota this week, and this trip will be an opportunity for North Dakotans to have their voices heard. I’m looking forward to having meaningful discussions about the need to find a real path forward for coal, and how ethanol provides good jobs and has environmental benefits that shouldn’t be overlooked. 
I regularly meet with North Dakotans and travel across the state to hear from North Dakotans in all walks of life. I take the comments and concerns I hear back to Washington, D.C. where they impact the work I’m doing to stand up for North Dakota. Check out my website for a look into a few days in my shoes traveling around North Dakota in January 2014. During a recent trip, I traveled from Hillsboro, drove to Grand Forks, made my way north to Devils Lake and Minot, and then headed out west to Williston and Dickinson. 
Today the U.S. Department of Transportation and Association of American Railroads made an agreement to improve rail safety and take common sense precautions, which I called for. The increase in the number of track inspections is an important development, one that I have spent a lot of time pushing industry and the Federal government to agree to. With the increased attention in this agreement, it will help improve first responder training for communities along the rails. This agreement is a needed first step, but I’ll continue to make sure we seek to understand what caused recent derailments, and determine what needs to be done to limit the likelihood that they will happen in the future. 
ICYMI: Check out my interview with C-SPAN about my family, what it’s like to represent the great state of North Dakota in the Senate, and much more. Watch the full interview here:
Congratulations to Joanna Larson from Sheyenne and Heidi Deplazes from Fargo for being named North Dakota’s top youth volunteers for 2014 by the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Joanna and Heidi are examples of true community leaders and they deserve to be recognized for making a real difference in their communities. I hope many other North Dakota students will follow the examples Joanna and Heidi set. 
Called on the U.S. Department of Defense to follow federal law and halt any move to conduct an environmental study of the intercontinental ballistic missile silos at Minot Air Force Base and nationwide, which could potentially lead to the removal of the missiles and closure of the silos. Keeping these silos up and running is in the best interest of Minot, North Dakota, and America. 
Chatted with C-SPAN’s Steve Scully about everything from my family, what it is like being in the Senate, and much more – watch it tonight at 8:30pm CT on C-SPAN.
Small businesses are the backbone of North Dakota’s economy – they represent 96% of all employers in the state. It is important that area entrepreneurs, innovators and leaders come together to discuss best practices and offer advice and tips. That is why I’m proud to co-host the Red River Valley Research Corridor’s Small Business Summit on March 19. Register today for this great opportunity. 
After calling on the Federal Railroad Administration to release information on its inspections of the rail lines near Casselton, the agency provided details about routine inspections in the area. But it’s clear the Casselton area is in need of increased attention considering the number of derailments around the same area. Folks who live near these tracks have been through a lot, and deserve to know that the rails are under close examination and that FRA is doing everything to make sure North Dakotans aren’t at risk. At the upcoming Senate hearing on this topic – which I called for – I’ll press the FRA and other federal agencies to make this area of track a priority. 
It is great news that many North Dakota homes have received heating assistance. But, after this winter season, we need to look at how the propane shortage happened and look at how we can prevent it from happening in the future. 
Excited to have 7 talented and enthusiastic interns in my North Dakota and Washington, D.C. offices this spring.  Interning gives students and recent graduates the opportunity to gain firsthand experience into how a U.S. Senate office and Congress functions. Students interested in applying for internships in my offices should apply here: http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships 
Ours is a country built on principles of justice and equality. We are only at our best when equal rights apply to every American. That’s why I’m proud to join the NOH8 Campaign, which is helping to get that message across loud and clear. What better day to spread a little love than on Valentine's Day. http://www.noh8campaign.com/article/noh8onthehill4
After my strong urging, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced it will expedite implementation of the livestock disaster programs reauthorized in the 2014 Farm Bill. A major snowstorm in southwestern North Dakota in October, as well as recent droughts, have severely hurt our ranchers. It has been one of my top priorities to get them the relief they need, and get it as soon as possible. By cutting through some red tape, and urging the USDA, we were able to expedite this support, so our ranchers have access to the disaster relief we fought so hard to include in the Farm Bill. To sign up for disaster relief, North Dakotans should contact their local USDA Farm Service Agency Office. http://fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=landing&topic=landing 
Hi everyone! I’m ready to start answering North Dakotans’ questions about my efforts to build an all-of-the-above energy strategy in North Dakota and the U.S. North Dakota does it all – oil, gas, coal, wind, biofuels – and we are helping to lead our country toward North American energy security and independence. Post your questions below and I’m looking forward to answering as many energy related questions as possible in the next 30 minutes. And remember to like my Facebook page to receive updates.
North Dakota students who are pursuing a post-secondary degree in engineering, science, processing plant technology, geology, technical skills or other careers related to the oil and gas industry are eligible for the North Dakota Petroleum Council's 2014 Al Golden Scholarships. The oil and gas industries are important for North Dakota, and this is a great opportunity for our students to pave the way for North Dakota’s energy development. Find more information below.
Register today for the Small Business Innovations Summit – which I’m co-hosting -- that will be held on March 19 at the Hilton Garden Inn in Fargo. Innovators, leaders and entrepreneurs will come together to share policy opportunities and solutions, and best practices for running a small business in our region. I hope all of North Dakota's great small businesses will take advantage of the opportunity to share their ideas. Click here to register: https://www.regonline.com/builder/site/Default.aspx?EventID=1275193
Don’t forget to check out my Facebook page tonight at 6:00 pm CT to ask me your question about energy and North Dakota. I will answer as many North Dakotans’ questions as possible about energy related topics.
10 inches of snow. No problem for my team.
Spoke with folks from Trauma Center Association of America, including Fargo residents Steve Briggs and Deb Syverson, about the challenges trauma centers face.
Improving education in Indian Country is critically important for our native children and I’m committed to doing what I can to bring this issue to light with my colleagues. Today, I met with folks from the American Indian Higher Education Consortium, including from Fort Berthold, Candeska Cikana, Sitting Bull College, Turtle Mountain Community College and United Tribes Technical College, to talk about the different ways we can work together moving forward.
At a Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing today, I questioned witnesses, including ND’s U.S. Attorney Tim Purdon, about the findings of a national report which revealed that Native youth experience violent crimes at rates up to 10x the national average and that 1/3 Native American girls will be raped in their lifetimes. I have long stressed the importance of high-quality tribal court systems, state and tribal cooperation, and re-entry programs, and this report underscores how effective local solutions like these are. Now we need to make these reforms and you can bet I will make sure there is follow through on these recommendations.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=494d0781-5650-49b0-8fd7-381ae7194aa4 
In December, the Senate came together to pass a bipartisan two-year budget agreement. This helped reduce our deficit, and provided much-needed certainty to our economy. However, as I said when it passed, that deal was by no means perfect, and it wasn’t the bill I would have written. I would not have included language put forth by other members – Republicans and Democrats – to reduce the cost-of-living increases in benefits that go to military retirees under age 62. That’s why I cosponsored legislation to reverse these cuts, as we shouldn’t reduce the deficit on the backs of those who willingly risked their lives to defend each of us. And today, I voted to make sure all military retirees get the full benefits they earned and were promised. 
Hoping to hear from as many North Dakotans as possible at my first Facebook Q&A tomorrow, Feb. 13 at 6:00pm CT. I’ll answer as many questions as I can about my efforts to build an all-of-the-above energy strategy in North Dakota. Go to my page to post your question and follow along.
Today, Senator Hoeven and I sat down with BNSF Railway Executive Director Matt Rose and senior officials of American Crystal Sugar and Farmers Union to discuss ways to resolve shipping delays for agriculture products and sugar. BNSF committed to making large investments in resources in North Dakota to address the state’s growing needs. We also called on BNSF to make sure Amtrak customers have a reliable schedule and reasonable service in the state. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8c74430b-3ba9-47b8-b113-6c754b1bebd3
Talked about law enforcement issues and legislative priorities with North Dakota Fraternal Order of the Police President Grant Benjamin from Fargo, and Secretary Kevin Huber from Bismarck.
Today I met with North Dakotans from the ND Rural Water Association to talk about their upcoming projects - it’s always great to see friendly North Dakotans.
Looking forward to holding my first Facebook Q&A on Thursday about my efforts to build an all-of-the-above energy strategy in North Dakota and the U.S. Go to my Facebook page this Thursday, February 13 at 6:00pm CT to ask your question and follow along. I’ll answer North Dakotans’ questions about energy, including finding a viable path forward for coal, the need to build the Keystone XL pipeline, and the importance for North Dakota to continue to harness our energy resources. And don’t forget to “like” my Facebook page to receive updates.
Today I met with Assistant Secreatry of the Army, Jo-Ellen Darcy and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to talk about North Dakota’s priorities in the coming year.
I have heard concerns from folks all across North Dakota about their postal service and I’m committed to finding real solutions that protect rural communities, hold the U.S. Postal Service accountable, and make sure rural areas experience the same service standards as urban areas. Today, I spoke at the National League of Postmasters Legislative Form to talk about the postal reform bill, and what key provisions I’m fighting for to stand up for rural post offices and service. , I’m also asking North Dakotans to continue to share their mail concerns on my Fix My Mail webpage: http://1.usa.gov/1ocouSA. I’ll submit these stories to USPS and the Government Accountability Office to make sure they understand the problems in our state.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about Geoff Andersen from Larimore, N.D. -- a heroic engineer in training for BNSF railroad and a former civilian firefighter for the Grand Forks Air Force Base -- whose actions during the recent train derailment near Casselton prevented the dangerous explosions from the crash from spreading farther. 
Read my op-ed in the Fargo Forum, about how since before joining the Senate, I pledged to fight to pass a bipartisan Farm Bill. Now, after being in the Senate for just over a year, we did it. This Farm Bill is a victory for our state on many levels. 
Today the President signed the Farm Bill into law. Now I will focus on continuing to make sure it works for North Dakotans. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a837c7b3-6c5a-4242-bff0-9787813d1a15
We were able to improve the postal reform legislation by making my common-sense changes to enable the Postal Service to work better for North Dakotans. Here's a clip of me telling my colleagues what I'm hearing on the ground in North Dakota. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1e8e888b-6aec-49dd-8994-2abd7e08348e
Well before I took office, I made clear that passing a Farm Bill was my top priority. Check out some highlights of what went into making it happen: 
I have traveled all across North Dakota and witnessed firsthand the devastating conditions of so many Native schools. There is so much we can and should do so every Native child feels valued when they walk into school in the morning. Today, I spoke with members from the National Indian Education Association about my bill to create a Commission on Native Children and why I think improving education in Indian country should be a high priority for Congress.
Federally-recognized Indian Tribes and tribal organizations are now eligible to apply for the opportunity to recruit AmeriCorps members through the Corporation for National and Community Service. AmeriCorps members can help strengthen communities through national service programs that aim to improve education, support for veterans and their families, disaster preparation and response, and more economic opportunities. Applications can be found online at the link below, and are due Wednesday, April 30, 2014 at 5:00 p.m. ET. 
We deserve to know the condition of the rail tracks that run through our communities, and it’s crucial that those tracks are continually checked so our towns and families aren’t at risk. After I met with the Federal Railroad Administration this week, its Administrator committed to look closely at the track quality around Casselton – which I called on the FRA to do in January. This action will go a long way to helping prevent future derailments. There is no silver bullet to make our rail transportation system safer, but I’m taking a multi-faceted approach, including working with federal, state, and local officials, as well as industry, to understand what happened near Casselton, and make sure we do everything we can to prevent it happening again. 
The early severe storm last October hurt North Dakota's and South Dakota's ranchers by devastating many of their cattle herds. Those ranchers have had to wait far too long for disaster assistance. Now that we passed a Farm Bill, Senator Thune (R-SD) and I are pushing the U.S. Agriculture Secretary to quickly implement this disaster relief for our ranchers. 
Passing a long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill that stands up for North Dakota's farmers and ranchers has been my top priority since day one in the Senate. Yesterday, we finally passed a bipartisan, comprehensive five-year bill. I'm proud of what we accomplished, but know that there is a lot of work to do to make sure North Dakotans benefit from the programs the Farm Bill has to offer. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpfGGdBbV9g
Glenn Pomeroy stopped by my office yesterday. It is always great to see and chat with old friends.
When my State of the Union guest, Eric Marts, was in Washington, D.C. last week, he was busy going on tours, doing interviews for his radio show, and meeting with lawmakers. Check out all of the exciting things Eric and his dog, Deacon, did. 
The Keystone XL pipeline has bipartisan, bicameral support in Congress, and the approval from the labor industry, businesses and national security leaders. It’s in our best interest – economic, national security, and energy security – to approve the project. This process has dragged on for far too long.  It’s past time for the President to make a decision – the right decision – and approve the Keystone XL pipline so we encourage and benefit from energy production from a friend and ally, rather than get those resources from volatile countries elsewhere across the world. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=9cc196fe-9e74-4e77-a0cd-9b60b6c3b438 
Over two years ago, well before I took office, I pledged to work tirelessly to get a long-term Farm Bill passed," said Heitkamp. "While I’m proud to follow through on this promise, that is not why I’m so satisfied today. Finally, we stepped up and gave our hardworking farmers and ranchers the certainty they absolutely deserve to do their jobs.  In North Dakota, we live and breathe agriculture. It creates jobs, supports our families, boosts our communities, and feeds our kids. And as much as we know how important agriculture is for North Dakota, we also know how important North Dakota’s products are to the country and the rest of the world. That’s why a Farm Bill is so essential for all of us.  Working in lockstep with North Dakotans throughout this whole process, I fought to shape this legislation so it will work for our agriculture producers. From enhanced crop insurance, to investments in rural development and biofuel production, to needed livestock disaster assistance, this Farm Bill will benefit so many farmers, ranchers, and consumers throughout our state.  The partisanship in Congress has been deeply frustrating, but this Farm Bill has been a bright light. Working together – Republicans and Democrats – we were able to produce a strong Farm Bill that works in our best interests. That’s what compromise and cooperation are all about. I hope that bipartisan approach continues as we work on other important issues for North Dakota and our country.  But our job isn’t done. Now, I’ll work to make sure this bill is properly implemented, and continue to listen and advocate for North Dakotans, to make sure this law works for them. 
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has a new GI Bill Comparison tool that will better help veterans understand their education and benefits options, including  key information about college affordability, so veterans can choose the best education program for their needs. http://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/gi-bill-comparison-tool/
Today on the Senate floor, I highlighted the months and months of hard work that led to a Farm Bill compromise that will work for North Dakota. From enhancing crop insurance, to getting disaster relief for our ranchers, to making crucial investments in biofuels, this Farm Bill is a win for our state. I won’t rest until this clears the Senate and the President signs it, but I’m proud of what we have accomplished and know millions of farmers and ranchers around the country will be too. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f0be8e9a-ac99-4ee8-8040-9fe951c0fd86
Former North Dakota Congressman Earl Pomeroy stopped by my office to say hello to Eric and Deacon.
Recently there has been widespread concern about credit and debit cards being hacked. If you think this may have happened to you, the Consumer Finance and Protection Bureau has 4 steps you can and should take to make sure your accounts are secure. Additionally, as a member of the Senate Banking Committee, we are holding a hearing on data security this week to see if there are larger problems that need to be addressed. 
Today I met with University of North Dakota President Kelley and discussed innovative research on behavioral changes and motivation.
It was an honor to speak at the American Legion Winter Conference tonight. We can never say thank you enough to the men and women who served our country, but what we can and must do is stand up for them to make sure they receive the care they deserve when they return home.
By implementing a DryFining demonstration project, Great River Energy's Coal Creek Station near Underwood, North Dakota, has reduced sulfur dioxide and mercury emissions at the facility by 40%, nitrogen oxide by 20%, and carbon dioxide by 4%, and cut its expenses by $20 million annually. Proud to see such an innovative clean coal project taking place in North Dakota.
I'm thrilled North Dakota will receive more than $3.4 million in federal resources to help low-income families, Native American tribes, and seniors heat their homes this winter and pay their energy bills. I have long called for the release of these funds. Find out if you're eligible for Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) support.  Eligible families living outside Indian reservations, must apply directly to the State of North Dakota to receive LIHEAP funding. For eligible families living on Indian reservations, their tribes need to directly apply to the State of North Dakota to receive LIHEAP funding, which is then distributed to those on the reservation who qualify.   To ask questions or to receive help filling out an application, individuals not living on Indian reservations can contact their local County Social Service Offices here: http://1.usa.gov/1dT1iA8. Individuals living on Indian reservations, can contact their local tribal offices:  Spirit Lake Tribe: (701) 766-1200, ext. 227  Standing Rock Sioux Tribe: (701) 854-7588 Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation - Fort Berthold: (701) 627-3638 Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa: (701) 477-3368 Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate: Please contact South Dakota’s LIHEAP office for further details at 800-233-8503 
Today, we are one step closer toward approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. This report again reaffirmed that construction of the pipeline will have minimal environmental impact. It also recognizes what I have repeatedly stated – regardless of whether this pipeline is built or not, the Canadian oil-sands will be developed. The question is, will Canada move it to the U.S. to be refined, or somewhere else across the globe? We have the opportunity to make sure it comes to the U.S., where it would boost domestic energy production by bringing in oil from our greatest trading partner and friend, and continue to move us toward North American energy security and independence – a goal we all want to achieve.
Essential Air Service is crucial for North Dakota's rural communities -- supporting our towns and boosting our businesses. Today, Devils Lake and Jamestown were awarded new EAS contracts. SkyWest Airlines will offer flights to each airport from Denver. Last week, I met with the U.S. Department of Transportation to reiterate the importance of rural air service to our state. I'm thrilled to announce this news.
After continuing to call on the Administration to release more home heating assistance for North Dakota families, it’s good news they finally listened. Click on the release below for helpful info on how to apply.
In many parts of North Dakota, families are being forced to choose between paying drastically more to protect their homes in case of flooding or go without.  That isn’t a choice anyone should have to make.
Today I met with members from Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa to talk about their concerns, challenges and ways that we can continue to work together to stand up for Native families.
My reaction to the State of the Union. #SOTU  
Thrilled to have Master Sgt Marts (and Deacon!) as my guest for #SOTU. Check out this clip of us with Iraq-veteran Patrick Murphy for his MSNBC show. 
Today my State of the Union guest, Eric Marts, and I did an interview with former Congressman and Iraq-veteran Patrick Murphy for his MSNBC show, Taking the Hill. Proud of the great work Eric does in North Dakota to stand up for veterans every day and glad he was able to share the important work he is doing in the state.
At a Senate Banking Hearing today, I questioned Export-Import Bank Chairman Fred Hochberg about the importance of increasing opportunities for small businesses, economic development in Indian Country, and creating access to affordable energy for poor and developing countries by adjusting their policies on coal-fired electricity. North Dakotans understand the importance of reliable and affordable coal-fired electricity and I want to make sure that other countries have the ability to access them as well.  
After serious negotiations, Republicans and Democrats have forged a compromise that moves us closer to getting a long-term Farm Bill signed into law. I’m confident that this Farm Bill strikes the right balance to make sure a strong safety net will be provided to North Dakota’s diverse agricultural system, which leads the nation in the production of over 13 different commodities. For too long, our farmers and ranchers have faced uncertainty because of delays in Washington. We are very close to the finish line, but we must keep pressure on members to work together and get this done so North Dakota producers can focus on what they do best: feeding the world. 
Today I spoke with executives Xcel Energy and TransCanada about the pipeline rupture in Manitoba, Canada that led to Xcel asking many of its eastern North Dakota customers to significantly limit their use of natural gas, including a request to maintain thermostats at 60 degrees or lower over the weekend. North Dakota customers deserve to have the peace of mind that their energy supply will be there when they need it most. 
Today the interns in my DC office, Ben Goehring from Moorhead, Thea Donovan from Hazen, and Lexi Grabinger from Jamestown, had the chance to meet North Dakota’s exceptional former Senator Byron Dorgan.
With a bipartisan coalition of 30 other Senators, I called on EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to reverse its proposal that would reduce the effectiveness of the Renewable Fuel Standard. This proposal is a significant step backward – undermining the goal of increasing biofuels production as a domestic alternative to using foreign oil and hurting the development of biofuels in North Dakota. 
As we assess the derailment in Casselton and work to prevent future derailments, my top priority is safety. North Dakotans should not have any concern about feeling safe in their homes and communities. I called on the U.S. Department of Transportation and FRA to also make safety a priority and look at the quality of rail track around Casselton.  FRA issued new rules to promote the safety of railroad operations. Their effort to improve track safety shows the agency is listening, and it may lead to better track quality in North Dakota and throughout the country. 
The Devils Lake and Jamestown airports have experienced several problems with their Essential Air Service contracts. Senator Hoeven, Congressman Cramer and I are pushing U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx to support strong and dependable air service bids to these airports. Reliable air service to these communities helps boost the local economies and create good jobs. On Monday, I'm meeting with DOT to discuss these challenges and express our interest in the approval of reliable service for Jamestown and Devils Lake. 
Today in Minot, I met with folks who are rightly concerned that wrongheaded flood insurance policies are having devastating impacts on North Dakota families. Not only are these hikes hurting the bottom lines for many North Dakotans, they may force many to go without flood insurance. I'm working with a bipartisan group of Senators to reverse these hikes, and am committed to coming up with a long-term, affordable solution that will enable North Dakotans to protect their homes from flooding. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=c9144f44-6bc0-4ab6-8ff5-f0c1c9914291
Today I toured Iberdrola Wind farm near Rugby to see and learn more about the great work they are doing, and meet with the top notch employees there. 15% of North Dakota’s energy comes from wind, which is a key piece of North Dakota's all-of-the-above energy strategy. In addition to creating renewable energy for the state, Iberdrola also adds $3.8 million in tax revenue to Pierce County, and is responsible for creating good jobs in North Dakota. With recent hiring and future planned expansions due to demand for wind turbines and blades, LM Wind, which supplies facilities like Iberdrola, could employ well over 700 workers at its blade manufacturing facility in Grand Forks by the end of 2014. This would more than double the amount of employees at the factory since the end of 2012.
NTSB's findings following the Lac Megantic derailment last year in Quebec, Canada offer needed safety recommendations, which also help us as we work to look at safety concerns brought to light by the derailment in Casselton, determine what happened in that accident, and aim to prevent any future derailments. These recommendations are consistent with the ongoing dialogue I'm having with the Administration, industry, and local leaders. We need to do everything possible to make sure North Dakota communities are safe. Today's report is another important step in that effort. 
This morning I started my day by spending time doing North Dakota trivia with students at Ely Elementary in Rugby, and answering their questions. I was proud that they all know who North Dakota's Senators are. They are a great group of kids and I see a bright future for them all.
Check out this Daily Beast article about my time in public office and my priorities as I fight for North Dakotans in the Senate. 
I have received many stories about the mail delivery concerns in North Dakota – about everything from mishaps with mail forwarding to not receiving prescription medications on time. I'm committed to making sure North Dakotans' voices are heard. Keep sending me your stories on my website or by using #FixMyMail on Facebook and Twitter, and I'll pass your stories on to USPS and the GAO. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=fixmymail
Like so many other veterans across North Dakota, Devils Lake-area veterans have spent hours upon hours driving to get care in Fargo. When I took office and listened to the stories about the delays that slowed up this project, I made it a top priority to make sure construction takes place and is completed. Today when I visited the facility and met with Mercy Hospital President, Jim Marshall, and Brenda Langerud, chair of the board of Mercy Hospital,  I was assured construction is on track. I'll continue to closely monitor the situation to make sure our veterans get the health care they deserve. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=17c3ef73-c42f-401e-aeda-46ef2cf093b1
Wonderful piece by Kevin Wallevand on WDAY-TV about veteran Eric Marts who will be my guest at the State of the Union in Washington next week. I'm honored Eric is able to join. Tune in to Eric's radio show, Heroes of the Heartland, on Saturdays at 10 a.m. CT on WDAY AM, where he highlights issues of importance to our veterans and provides an outlet for those who have served.
In addition to giving our hardworking farmers the certainty they need to feed the world, the Farm Bill also makes groundbreaking nutrition and agriculture research facilities like the Human Nutrition Research Center in Grand Forks a reality. The work being done at this facility is critical to tackling the most pressing challenges facing our country – such as fighting the obesity epidemic and helping families live healthier. The Farm Bill made the facility possible, and the folks working there shouldn’t have to worry about whether or not it will continue to be authorized. We're so close to passing a compromise Farm Bill, and we need to bring it across the finish line. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=5fe2a875-46b2-49cb-bdd7-a536f04ebe0e
Each year, I ask someone special, someone who represents the very best from our communities, to be my guest at the State of the Union. This year, I am so honored that Master Sergeant Eric Marts, host of WDAY AM's 10:00 am Saturday talk show, Heroes of the Heartland, will be able to join me for the President’s address to the nation. Eric’s story is about a man who is selflessly committed to serving our country, who has sacrificed much and overcame great obstacles. Eric continues to serve and has made it his life’s mission to make life better for those who sacrifice so much for us.
Cold day in North Dakota. En route to Grand Forks. Be careful on the roads everyone.
This morning I stopped by Hillsboro Elementary. It was a joy to read "Thank You Mr.Falker" with them. The education our children get now is the foundation for our country's future and I'm committed to making sure each and every child gets the education they deserve.
Today I met with Eric Marts and his dog, Deacon, in Fargo. Tune in to WDAY tonight at 10:00pm CT to find out why.
Today I participated in a forum with the Fargo, Moorhead, and West Fargo Chambers of Commerce where I talked about my first year in the Senate, provided an update on my legislative priorities for 2014, and took a few questions from Chamber members.
Today at the Precision Agriculture Action Summit in Jamestown and Crop Insurance Conference in Fargo, I spoke about the progress being made on the Farm Bill, and urged everyone to keep the pressure on lawmakers to get the job done. We are so close to a compromise Farm Bill.
Today I met with Fargo and Cass County officials, Senator Hoeven, Congressman Cramer and Governor Dalrymple to talk about safety issues with rails that move through the center of large communities, like Fargo. We also discussed the clean-up procedures from the train derailment near Casselton, and ways to improve rail safety in the region. Our priority is to make sure North Dakotans are safe in their communities and that we work to do everything we can to prevent future problems.
For the third year in a row, the NDSU football team’s hard work was rewarded with a well-deserved national championship. Today the Senate unanimously passed a resolution to recognize the players and coaches for an incredible season, and all of the fans for their unwavering support. We hope to pass another one after next year’s national championship.
Had a great meeting with Cindy McCain to strategize about efforts to combat sex and human trafficking, and discuss my bill which would help enable minors who are involved in sex trafficking to come forward and be treated as victims, not criminals. Cindy has been at the forefront of working to reduce human trafficking in Arizona, throughout the United States, and around the world.
Read this article in the Dickinson Press about my meeting yesterday with Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird and Canadian Ambassador to the U.S. Gary Doer. We talked about the importance of approving the Keystone XL pipeline to help lead us toward North American energy independence. 
North Dakota and Canada have a special relationship. My discussion today with Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird and Canadian Ambassador to the U.S. Gary Doer helped strengthen our efforts to work collaboratively so we can become North American energy independent. We talked about the need for the Administration to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, the recent train derailments in North Dakota and Canada, and how we need to transport energy by rail in the safest way possible. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d76064e4-07ba-43a1-935d-103e16f1d1b6
Today I met with the Jerry Jurena and John Flink with the North Dakota Hospital Association to talk about their legislative priorities and ways that I can help rural hospitals.
If you live in North Dakota and have concerns with your mail delivery, go to my website and participate in my grassroots effort called Fix My Mail. I've heard from North Dakotans all over the state about mail problems they're having with the U.S. Postal Service. Now I'm asking for North Dakotans to submit their stories online so I can bring them to the attention of the U.S. Postal Service and U.S. Government Accountability Office. These problems need to be fixed. You can also share your concerns on Twitter and Facebook by using #FixMyMail. 
In western North Dakota, we have seen a sharp increase in drug abuse and that’s hurting not only the users, but also their families and communities. A special prosecutor has been assigned to the area – another step the Administration has taken to address drug and crime issues in the area since I brought the director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy to North Dakota last year to see the severity of the challenges we’re facing. We must tackle the increase in drug and other criminal activity head on to make sure North Dakota citizens and families remain safe in their homes and communities.
I wish I could have been at the first event to kick off the year-long celebration of North Dakota's 125th Anniversary of Statehood today. But I look forward to celebrating the anniversary throughout the year.
At the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee Hearing today, we looked at ongoing efforts to limit the travel and conference spending of federal agencies, including the often overlooked expense of time.
Today in Bismarck, I met with Tara Olson, her daughter Tylie and son T. J., Lisa Hueser and her son Jayden, and Lisa Rask and her son Griffin. These families work with the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation to support research and research-related education programs about Type 1 Diabetes.  Currently, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation is sponsoring $530 million in scientific research in 17 countries. I’m so grateful for the great work that they do and I’m committed to supporting biomedical research that aims to help prevent diabetes.
Today the National Transportation Safety Board released its Preliminary Report on the Casselton derailment, and now that NTSB’s on-scene work in Casselton is completed, it can zero-in on what can be done to prevent a derailment like this from occurring in the future and make sure that every North Dakota family is safe in their communities. These issues won’t be resolved in the next week, but with comprehensive and swift responses from federal regulators, we can make our trains and North Dakotans safer.
All across our state, I've heard about North Dakotans' concerns with their mail delivery. This needs to be fixed. Go to my website and tell your stories about the U.S. Postal System so I can pass them along and make sure North Dakotans' voices are heard.
Today in Fargo, I met with Senator Klobuchar, experts and advocates to discuss sex and human trafficking. While we already knew human and sex trafficking was a serious and growing concern, it was very helpful to hear from folks who are dealing with this issue right here in our communities. As a former Attorney General, I know how important it is to assist victims of these horrific crimes, and do all we can to prevent them from happening in the first place. Working with Senator Klobuchar and a bipartisan coalition of other Senators on our bill to crack down on human and sex trafficking, I’m committed to raising awareness, and putting in place concrete steps to put an end to it. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=c3cb7d5c-de06-4496-839d-f010e1d1c878
I’ve heard too many concerns and complaints from North Dakotans about the problems they face getting their mail on time, and it absolutely needs to be fixed. Today, while I was in Dickinson meeting with U.S. Postal Service officials and community leaders, I launched a new grassroots effort to help North Dakotans have their voices heard by the U.S. Postal Service. I hope North Dakotans will share their stories if they have encountered extensive delivery times or had to deal with other problems with their postal service. I’ll then present the stories to the Postmaster General and the U.S. Government Accountability Office, the independent agency I called on today to investigate the postal delivery standards North Dakotans and other Americans experience. Send in your stories by going to my website or by telling your story on Twitter or Facebook using #FixMyMail http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4e7d2196-644d-4efa-80ab-e2e2a6829dcc
The budget compromise was by no means perfect, and it wasn’t the bill I would have written. One provision I never would have included on my own was language to reduce the cost-of-living increase in benefits that go to military retirees until age 62. Our servicemembers and veterans deserve our strong support. Sadly, this provision falls short. The commitments we make to those who are willing to give the ultimate sacrifice for our country, should be sacred. That’s why I cosponsored two bills to address this issue, including a bill that would fully repeal this provision and make sure all military retirees get the full benefits they are due.
Today, Senator Hoeven and I met with and put pressure on US Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx and Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration head Cynthia Quarterman to step up and move forward with safety provisions, which have not been handled with the necessary urgency, and just yesterday I reached out to the Federal Railroad Administration. We are continuing to reach out to all entities that play a role in rail safety to get to the bottom of what happened in Casselton, and what we can do to make improvements. It is incredibly important for North Dakota that we have smart rail regulations in place. They will give certainty to our shippers, and, most importantly, respond to the very legitimate safety concerns of North Dakotans. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=90d9ea09-087b-43f7-8056-7d8f4d83ef27
Read today's Forum article about the work I've been doing to find answers and solutions on the Casselton train derailment.
Tonight I spent time with some of the brave men and women of the North Dakota National Guard’s 188th Air Defense Artillery Regiment who are stationed in Washington, DC. The work that they do here is so important to our National Security and I am proud of their sacrifice and commitment to North Dakota, and our country. In November, I visited them during their mission and learned about the critical work they’re doing in Washington. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=050baa68-58ba-42be-b7c3-14cc7a0836e6
Today I called on the Federal Railroad Administration to release information on its inspections of the rail where a train recently derailed near Casselton. It is important for me and the people of North Dakota to understand what actions were taken before the derailment, and to determine the current quality of the rails in this area in particular. I am committed to both getting to the bottom of what happened in Casselton, and what can be done to limit the possibility of it happening again.
Looking forward to meeting with and honoring the North Dakota National Guard members from the 188th Air Defense Artillery Regiment tonight. It is comforting to know that our security has been in their capable hands this past year, and I’m grateful for their selfless service. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fb63ccd2-7a24-4764-8711-60b568d29d9c
Today I met with officials from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) to talk about the investigation of the train derailment near Casselton last week. I impressed upon the NTSB that the people of North Dakota are expecting a thorough and comprehensive investigation of what happened in Casselton. I also stressed that the NTSB must work collaboratively with other state, local, and federal officials, so a coordinated response can be developed to limit the possibility of accidents like this from happening again. With the increase in crude rail shipments, I’m committed to seeing that policies are in place to make sure the people of my state are safe.
Steep flood insurance rates are financially hurting hardworking families, if they can even still afford to insure against flooding. We should not be subjecting homeowners to outrageous flood insurance bills. I recently heard from a family from Grafton whose flood insurance rate skyrocketed to more than $4,200 a year – a whopping 375 percent increase – in October. That’s unbelievable. The good news is we have a bipartisan bill to fix this, but we need to get it done soon. And we’re fighting to make sure it includes a needed exemption for families that have flood-proofed their basements -- as many families in our state have. North Dakotans have already waited too long for their rates to go down to normal levels. Now Congress needs to act.
Dr. Yellen’s thoughtful and creative outlook on fiscal policy while promoting job growth is exactly what our country needs right now. Not only will be the first woman to chair the Federal Reserve, but she is one of the most qualified individuals to ever be nominated for the position. It’s my hope that she will use her intellect, experience, and ingenuity to continue to move our economy out of the worst recession since the Great Depression.
As we start a new year, North Dakotans should remember to check your credit report every year to make sure there aren't any mistakes on it. A poor credit report could hurt your ability to get loans - whether it's a credit card, mortgage, auto loan, or something else. Click below to get your free credit report now:
Congratulations to Kristine Brandt, a teacher at Ben Franklin Middle School in Fargo, and Kathleen Lentz, who teaches at Washington Elementary School in Valley City, for receiving the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. Countless North Dakota students have benefited from the selfless dedication of both these teachers, as well as countless other teachers across North Dakota.  It’s imperative that we as a nation focus on improving our kids’ math and science skills to help put our students on a path toward solid, higher paying jobs, and help our country continue to innovate. We are so fortunate to have excellent educators in North Dakota, like Kristine and Kathleen, who are helping to make that vision possible.
Had a blast tailgaiting with all the North Dakotans who traveled down to Texas to watch the NDSU Bison crush Towson.
So proud to be in the crowd watching NDSU football win its third straight national championship. Way to go, Bison. #NDSUFrisco
Don’t let this happen to you. With the extreme cold temperatures coming this weekend, make sure you’re well prepared. Read the North Dakota Department of Transportation’s tips for traveling in cold weather: http://www.dot.nd.gov/divisions/maintenance/winter-preparation.htm
In Texas for NDSU Bison game, but will also meet w/BNSF CEO for update on Casselton derailment investigation and clean up.
Too many Native families face serious hardships to survive – from domestic violence, to drug abuse, to suicide which are all too rampant. But we can change course. I introduced my bill to create a commission that would take a serious look at these challenges and offer real solutions. It’s an important step forward, but there are many ways to make needed strides. That’s why I hope eligible North Dakota tribes will apply for the Department of Justice’s Coordinated Tribal Assistance Solicitation grants. These grants could help Native children and families get the support they need, and create comprehensive and coordinated programs that better serve Native families. Improving the conditions of our tribal communities is a must, and I know our tribes are working to bring about real results. These funds could help. The deadline to submit applications is March 24, 2014 at 7:00pm ET. Click here for more information:  http://www.justice.gov/tribal/open-sol.html http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=73acc854-0497-48ff-b25c-79a0273c309f
It’s crucial that we make sure our kids are given healthy meals at school so they are ready to learn each day. But we also need to give flexibility to schools, especially those in rural areas, to enable them to provide nutritious meals without excessive restrictions. I’ve heard from North Dakota educators about how the current law makes it hard for them to find this needed balance. That’s why I cosponsored legislation to give our schools the flexibility they need to provide healthy meals for students. And the USDA will announce it plans to use the approach in that legislation to strike the right balance, which helps put North Dakota’s schools and students on the right path forward.
My state offices are continuing to offer internships to students this spring for motivated North Dakotans in the Fargo and Minot areas. Interns play critical roles in my office, have a chance to participate in the government processes, and gain real-world skills and experience. Below are the details to apply.
I hope everyone has a fun and safe New Years Eve!
As the developments of the train derailment continue to unfold, Casselton residents, or area residents directly impacted, can contact BNSF personnel with concerns or questions at 1-866-243-4784.
Check out Fargo Monthly and read about my first year in the Senate and how I'm standing up for North Dakotans.
During my first year representing North Dakota in the United States Senate, I have continued to fight for North Dakotans by working across the aisle to find real solutions to the challenges facing our state and the country – and that will only continue moving forward. Check out this summary of my first year in the Senate standing up for North Dakota. http://storify.com/SenatorHeitkamp/highlights-of-senator-heitkamp-s-first-year-in-the
Proud to be in Grand Forks to celebrate its selection as one of six unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) test sites. The community and state have worked hard and earned this opportunity.
The selection of Grand Forks as a UAS test site reinforces that Grand Forks area is an ideal location for military installations, and unmanned aerial systems in particular. This designation is the result of collaboration between community leaders, the University of North Dakota, and local, state, and federal officials. After meeting with numerous top military and Administration officials, and advocating for this selection, I’m thrilled Grand Forks has been picked. The test site will help grow the UAS industry throughout the nation and help make sure it can become a key part of North Dakota’s economy. Grand Forks is very deserving of this program, and I look forward to continuing to support the community and program throughout its implementation.
Senator Hoeven and I called on the FBI and White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) to help address the sharp increase in crime in western North Dakota. In July, I brought the ONDCP Director out to our state to talk about ways to prevent drug abuse, improve treatment, and build healthier and safer communities across the growing region.
As we celebrate today with our family and friends, I hope you will think about every North Dakotan and American servicemember who is serving our country, and can't be with their families today -say thank you. I hope you will also think about those who don't have a home, who have lost loved ones, or who are struggling to feed their families. In North Dakota, we support each other in good times and stand up for each other when times are tough. This holiday season, I hope every North Dakotan does exactly that by volunteering at a local food bank or homeless shelter, donating clothes or canned goods to those in need, visiting a senior center, or bringing a meal to someone who's ailing. There are so many ways to give back. I know every North Dakotan will join me in the Christmas spirit and do their part. I hope you and your families have a wonderful and very merry Christmas. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ugu7Ld_rjEo&feature=youtu.be
Fargo Office
Bismarck Office
Urged federal agencies to review in a timely manner state proposals to expand US-85 highway between Williston and Watford City from two lanes to four lanes. The project aims to make the road safer for travelers after expanded energy development in western North Dakota has led to increased traffic on the highway and heightened public safety concerns.
Joined my DC staff in donating Christmas gifts to Native children on Spirit Lake Reservation. I hope they enjoy the gifts and have a wonderful holiday.
Cheering on the Bison for the big game tonight with my staff in DC who went to NDSU. #BisonNation
The Senate passed a bill I cosponsored to build a Native Veterans' Memorial on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Per capita, Native Americans serve at a rate four times higher than any other ethnicity or race. This memorial recognizing Native veterans' service and commitment is long overdue. I’ll continue to fight to make sure Native veterans get the recognition they deserve. And I'll continue to stand up for our Native families.
Helped pass bipartisan legislation to enable our military to have the resources it needs to protect our nation, and it includes my provisions that support North Dakota's military priorities. In our state, we understand the importance of military service and the need to support those who put their lives on the line every day to protect each one of us. Whether it’s the National Guard, our air bases, or our burgeoning UAS industry, the military plays such an important role in our state. I’ll keep fighting to make sure they continue to thrive in North Dakota.
We need to get Congress working again and get our fiscal house in order. It’s past time the partisan bickering comes to an end and we work together -- Republicans and Democrats -- to find real solutions for North Dakota and our country, as I have worked to do. While this budget compromise isn’t the bill that I would have written, it moves us in the right direction. Importantly, this budget rolls back some of the reckless across-the-board spending cuts that the previous Congress agreed to. Instead of a targeted approach, these harsh cuts have disproportionately affected the most vulnerable among us by slashing Head Start programs for low-income children, cutting housing and health care support for Native American families, and ending Meals on Wheels programs that offered meals to senior citizens. North Dakotans deserve better than what Congress has given them in the past few years. It's my hope that this agreement will pave the way for more bipartisan efforts, while reducing uncertainty in our economy and addressing our federal deficit.
Today, I met with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to voice concern about the Obama Administration’s proposal to reduce the effectiveness of the Renewable Fuel Standard. I believe the proposal, which would reduce the required amount of biofuels produced in the U.S., will have a devastating impact on North Dakota’s farmers, damage the state’s vibrant ethanol industry, and hurt our ability to become North American energy independent.
I met with the Assistant Treasury Secretary Timothy Massad, who has been nominated to Chair the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). I stressed that the CFTC must make sure the regulations they pursue do not impact the livelihoods of the hardworking farmers and ranchers in North Dakota. At the same time, the CFTC must also make sure that farmers and other businesses are protected from bad faith financial actors that jeopardize their ability to make plans to sell crops. I stressed the importance of striking this balance, and I’ll continue to push for strong yet workable protections. http://1.usa.gov/1kSc9i7
I just launched my new website to help North Dakotans more easily contact me, find resources, and follow my work in the Senate. I joined the Senate because I want to stand up for North Dakotans – and there are many ways I’m working to do that. One of those ways is to make sure North Dakotans have helpful information at their fingertips, including through my website. I hope everyone finds this site helpful and that it keeps them updated on my work for North Dakota. Check it out here:
We are so close to a deal on the Farm Bill - the closest we have been in the past three years. And I know both Republicans and Democrats want to reach a compromise bill. We need to keep the pressure on, and passing a one month extension of the Farm Bill isn't necessary and doesn't help keep the momentum going. The U.S. Agriculture Secretary has said that dairy prices won't spike as long as Congress passes a Farm Bill in early January. And the chairs of both the Senate and House Agriculture Committees have said a final Farm Bill should be ready at the beginning of the new year.  I had hoped the House would also want to get this bill done before Christmas and continue to work on it, just as the Senate is doing. Now it is time to stop kicking the can down the road. It's time to get a final deal on the Farm Bill across the finish line. I'm working to make that happen.
Today in Fort Yates at the Congressional Silver Medal Code Talkers Ceremony, the Standing Rock tribal members that served as code talkers during WWI and WWII received the recognition they deserve for being American War Heroes. Code talkers, who volunteered to serve despite not being citizens, were sworn to secrecy while they served, which resulted in almost three years of work to find out who the code talkers were in preparation for today's ceremony. Out of all the Native tribes that served as code talkers, Standing Rock had the most members serve nationwide but many family members had no idea that their loved ones had played such a crucial role in our history.  I am so grateful for the sacrifice of our Native veterans and glad they have been properly recognized.
Today LM Wind Power from Grand Forks received a significant federal award to expand production and create 170 ND jobs.  North Dakota is already a leader in wind energy production and manufacturing and this federal investment will help our state continue to harness our energy resources, and bring more good paying and quality jobs to the Grand Forks area.
At the Senate Banking Committee hearing today, I asked how the Administration’s plan is working to disarm Iran.
Senators Max Baucus from Montana and Patty Murray from Washington just cosponsored my Commission on Native Children bill. The bill already has 13 bipartisan cosponsors and I’m continuing to push for more. This continued support for my bill shows that more and more Senators understand how important it is to give our Native children the protections and support they deserve.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor to call on my colleagues to pass a bipartisan legislation that would help hardworking North Dakota families by lowering flood insurance rates which skyrocketed this fall.  North Dakotans who responsibly insured against flooding unfairly saw their rates significantly jump. Thankfully, we have a bipartisan bill that will reverse this. North Dakotans, and families around the country, deserve the peace of mind to know they can afford to protect their homes. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2d823458-e2e1-4fa0-83c0-7e414855cbcf
Today I was humbled to meet Mohyeldin Mohamed. Mohyeldin is a refugee from Sudan who resettled to the US in 2009 and currently lives in Fargo.  He has lived through unimaginable realities, but still continues to find success in school and work. It was great to meet him today, hear his story, and learn more about the Refugee Congress he is attending to connect with other refugees.
This debt deal isn’t perfect, but it’s a crucial bipartisan step to address our deficit and halt reckless across-the-board spending cuts, known as sequestration, that are hurting North Dakotans. The deal doesn’t include any tax increases and it cuts the deficit. Our country needs the certainty this budget provides. I have long pushed for Congress to work across the aisle to find real solutions and that’s what happened today. It’s a good sign.
Yesterday I joined the U.S. Department of Justice’s first task force hearing on American Indian/Alaskan Native Children Exposed to Violence in Bismarck. The time to stand up for our Native children is long overdue – we need to take action. My hope is that the DOJ’s task force will work side by side with my Commission on Native Children bill to address the devastating realities our Native children face. Read today’s story from KXMB-TV to learn more about this important step.
This striking graph shows why it's so important that we address income inequality in America.
Today I participated in the U.S. Department of Justice’s Task Force on American Indian/Alaskan Native Children Exposed to Violence. Since working as Attorney General in the 1990s, I have spent a great deal of time in Indian Country, seeing firsthand the obstacles Tribal governments confront in responding to the needs of Native children. We need to do everything possible to make sure our Native children have the same opportunities as others. This DOJ Task Force will be an important tool to help us reach our goals, and combined with my Commission on Native Children bill to help improve the lives of Native children, we can make that happen.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=98cdae76-ba19-4c86-a097-dc9cf6b5e86a
With Sgt. 1st Class Sigl in Afghanistan earlier this year.
Welcoming home Sgt. 1st Class Sigl today in Bismarck.
Today I was honored to participate in a welcome home ceremony for the North Dakota National Guard's 1919th Unit and sendoff for the 814th Medical Company. I'm thankful for the sacrifice and service from our servicemembers returning home today and for their bravery while serving our country. It was also a bittersweet farewell to the 814th unit today - I wish them a safe return from their yearlong deployment. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=94c36567-c735-4b6b-9e92-95e523bd7fb7
I stopped in at the Jamestown Senior Center today to serve lunch to and chat with area senior citizens. Giving back to our communities is important, especially during the holiday season. I encourage all North Dakotans to find time to give back this holiday season.
Today my DC interns, Matt Musacchia, of Fargo, and Michael Nagel, of Wyndmere, got a chance to chat with former North Dakota Congressman Earl Pomeroy.
Today I spoke at the Crystal Sugar Annual Conference in Fargo about the importance of the sugar program to the Red River Valley's economy and how critical it is that we pass a long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill. Sugar beet growers help support more than 142,000 American jobs in the sugar industry. And North Dakota is the second largest producer of sugar beets in the country. There had been many attempts to remove the sugar program from the 2013 Farm Bill, but I worked with several colleagues across the aisle to fight back against those attempts and make sure our producers get the help and assistance they need.
At the Pre-Kindergarten Reading Corp today, I met many of the preschoolers and the staff who are committed to helping our North Dakota students learn to read by the critical benchmark of third grade. Studies show kids who aren't able to read are four times more likely to drop out of high school. And I had the pleasure of reading "Brown Bear, Brown Bear" to the kids.
Today I visited the engaged children and wonderful staff at Valley City Head Start. The reckless across-the-board spending cuts are causing real damage to Head Start programs in North Dakota and across the country. Since these harsh cuts began earlier this year, nearly $405 million dollars has been slashed from Head Start programs nationwide, resulting in 57,265 fewer children participating, including nearly 200 in North Dakota. These cuts forced Valley City Head Start to cut 17 children from its program, reduce classroom sizes, and combine employees' positions. We absolutely need to address our deficit and spending problems, but we can't do it by imposing harsh cuts to proven early childhood education programs. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e3805003-cc0b-413b-b7ab-5ffeea1e49ec
The talented folks at Inspired Woman Magazine recapped my first year in office. I'm so thankful to represent North Dakotans every day. http://inspiredwomanonline.com/2304/heidi-heitkamp-one-of-a-hundred/
Before you head to work tomorrow morning, make sure that you’re fully prepared to drive in the unpredictable winter conditions. Use AAA’s brochure as a resource to brush up on best practices of winter driving and to make sure you have all the necessary items in your winter survival kit (page 4).
With snow and cold weather continuing today, please stay safe on the roads. Before you leave, check out road conditions on the North Dakota Department of Transportation’s website, or download the smartphone app, NDRoads, to stay updated on the go. http://www.dot.nd.gov/travel-info-v2/
Today I spoke at the 60th annual North Dakota Association of Telephone Cooperatives (NDATC) meeting in Bismarck.  Locally-owned communications providers, like NDATC members, provide jobs and services that connect our rural communities and make sure all North Dakotans have the same communication services and rates as those living in urban areas. We can see the real impacts of such high-speed, wireless internet access every day -- from our students participating in on-line distance learning programs, to our veterans using VA tele-medicine services, to our first-responders answering emergency calls – and they all depend on getting it right.
Today’s decision by the Supreme Court – on Cyber Monday -- to decline hearing a case about whether states can collect sales taxes from online retailers reinforces why it’s so important that Congress pass legislation to level the playing field between local shops in communities like those throughout North Dakota and online retailers.  As North Dakota’s Tax Commissioner in 1992, I led the Quill v. North Dakota case and it has remained relevant as brick and mortar stores have been unfairly eclipsed by online retailers. Just last year, it was estimated that North Dakota lost about $15 million from the lack of sales tax revenue on remote sales, which could support local schools and infrastructure. This past spring, I helped introduce the Marketplace Fairness Act which would require online retailers to collect and remit sales tax, just like local shops are required to do.
Today I served lunch at Ruth Meiers Hospitality House in Bismarck. Every family deserves a healthy meal each day, and the holiday season is a great time to give back to our communities and help those in need.  Programs like the Ruth Meiers Hospitality House are possible because of the hard work and commitment of the regular volunteers.  What are you doing to give back this holiday season?
Stopped by the Bismarck Century Blizzards game today. We put up their championship banner from winning the 2013 tournament and celebrated their hard work and commitment.
Today I stopped at Lot 2029 in Bismarck to do some holiday shopping. Glad I could support some of the many great small businesses today for Small Business Saturday.
Small businesses are the backbone of North Dakota’s economy, and the U.S. economy as a whole. In North Dakota, small businesses represent 96% of all employers, and they employ nearly 183,000 ND workers. Today, Small Business Saturday, is a day to support our local businesses by shopping at their stores and showing the huge impact they have on our communities. I’m going to go shopping in downtown Bismarck at some of the many great locally owned stores including Impact Gallery and Gifts, Bismarck Downtown Artist Co-op and Loft 2029, and I encourage all North Dakotans to do the same.
Earlier this week I visited with many students, teachers, and Tribal leaders at Standing Rock Reservation. I pledged to stand up for Native families, and I'll continue pushing for my bill to create a Commission on Native Children so our kids can get the opportunities they deserve. Read more about my visit in today's Fargo Forum.
This Thanksgiving, I'm especially thankful for all of the thoughtful and passionate North Dakotans who look out for one another every day - like the selfless teachers, volunteers, first responders, medical professionals, advocates, and so many more, who truly make our state so special. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Helped introduce legislation with a bipartisan group of Senators to crack down on sex trafficking. It is estimated that more than 100,000 minors in the US are forced into sex trafficking every year, but yet there is such little data or reporting on the issue. I pushed to hold a Senate hearing on this issue this fall because we can no longer can we turn a blind eye to this issue, and I will keep fighting to put an end to human trafficking of any kind.
Today I held the first in person meeting with my Heath Care Advisory Board. The Board includes many North Dakota stakeholders involved in health care, including health care providers, hospitals, consumer advocates, insurers, Native American health advocates, and state government officials. As I'm working to improve health care for North Dakotans, it's critical for me to receive advice from a wide-range of health care leaders.
Great talk with the team at MAC Industries in Bismarck today.  I learned more about their innovative heaters – which are recognized as top of the line machines in the market, and toured their facility.
Today I spoke with oil and gas employees and leaders from the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation at the MHA TERO Seminar and Expo in Bismarck. MHA Nation on the Fort Berthold reservation sits in the middle of the Bakken shale oil play and has tremendous opportunity to develop a resource that will help our country become energy secure, and can truly change the fortunes of those who live on the reservation for generations to come.
15 years ago today we signed a settlement with the tobacco industry that improved the lives and health of North Dakota children. It was the most satisfying accomplishment of my public service career.  Although battling against the tobacco companies was tough, working for a cause I truly believe in made it worthwhile. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d30354cb-282c-40f1-9b4b-190180662339
Happy National Adoption Day – congratulations to all the families celebrating their adoptions today. Adoption is a blessing that enriches the lives of children and families who welcome them into their homes.  Families that decide to adopt, like Bobby and Courtney Williams in Dickinson, make a huge difference in the lives of so many vulnerable children by opening up their hearts and giving them a place to call home.  In North Dakota, there are currently over 950 children in the foster care system, and most wait in care for almost 3 years before they are adopted.
Enjoyed speaking with North Dakota Farm Bureau this morning, including Director of Public Policy Pete Hanebutt. We need advocates like members of the North Dakota Farm Bureau to continue pushing lawmakers to compromise and get a long-term Farm Bill signed into law. And I’m fighting to make sure North Dakota’s voice is heard, so we can get a Farm Bill that works for our state’s hardworking farmers and ranchers.
Today, on the 50th Anniversary of his passing, we remember the great impact President John F. Kennedy had on our country, and his ability to unify us as a nation and lead us towards progress.  See my thoughts, and those of other leaders here:
Today I held a roundtable discussion with USDA Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services Under Secretary Michael T. Scuse and North Dakota agriculture leaders to talk about the record exports and profits being experienced in our state.  Unfortunately, many of the important programs that help our producers export have expired due to the lack of a new, long-term Farm Bill. This is yet another reason why we need to pass a long-term comprehensive Farm Bill.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=dc7da925-c1f2-4109-bb59-56b0c8057ef9
Great to speak with the North Dakota Farmers Union today in Minot.  With the continued help of North Dakota Farmers Union members, we can keep pressuring Members on both sides of the aisle to work together and pass a Farm Bill that gives certainty to our hardworking farmers and ranchers.  I’m working to make sure North Dakota’s voice is heard as negotiations continue, and I won’t quit fighting until the President signs a Farm Bill into law.
Today I met with Standing Rock Tribal Council members to discuss their current priorities.  Fighting for Native Americans and living up to our moral obligation and treaty responsibility to assist and protect Native Americans is one of my top priorities.
Happy Rural Health Day! 58% of communities in North Dakota have populations of 200 people or less, and it is my responsibility as North Dakota’s Senator to make sure we are working to improve the rural health care services offered throughout the state.  In North Dakota, there are 38 rural hospitals and 74 rural primary care clinics that are often folks’ only close medical care facilities so it is absolutely critical that they have the resources they need to do their job. Because rural health care services provide care to 1 in 5 Americans, committing to improving rural care services is a goal all of Congress should have.
Ten of my colleagues in the Senate have already co-sponsored my first bill that would create a Commission on Native Children. Having this strong bipartisan support right away shows there is a serious desire for folks to work together to address the challenges facing Native children. I will keep educating other members of Congress on the devastating realities many Native children face while also fighting to get this long overdue bill signed into law.
Members of the Standing Rock Tribe
Members of the Sisseton-Wahpeton Tribe
NA
Introduced a common-sense fix to help more severely disabled veterans access housing assistance. The bill, which I introduced with Republican Senator Dean Heller, would make sure certain benefits disabled veterans receive don’t disqualify them for much-needed housing support. It’s our responsibility to fight for our veterans when they return home – and that includes making sure they have roofs over their heads.
Met with representatives from the Grand Forks Base Realignment Impact Committee, Senator Hoeven and Congressman Cramer at the Pentagon to discuss the Grand Forks Air Force Base’s strength and cost-effectiveness. I’m incredibly proud of our servicemembers and their hard work to deliver missions critical to our national security.  By making full use of the advantages the Grand Forks Air Force Base offers, it can become poised to play an even bigger role in the future.
For the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, Senator Hoeven and I recited this famous speech. The Gettysburg Address was about bringing our nation together and working across the aisle – which we should always remember and strive for.
Proud to nominate Jessica Bushaw from Bismarck, Austin Meyer from Grand Forks, and Joseph Rensvold from Minot for admissions to the nation’s military service academies.  These students exemplify the hard work and commitment to serving our country that North Dakota prides itself on.  I look forward to hearing about the many more accomplishments I have no doubt they will achieve.
Great to see the men and women of the North Dakota National Guard on my visit today, including SSG Michael Cantlon and SPC Alexander Johnson, both of Bismarck. The North Dakota Army National Guardsmen currently on mission in Washington, DC are doing incredibly important work to keep our country safe, and I couldn’t be more proud of them, their families and their employers. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cf40f773-6f49-40f5-bac1-01b5b14ca9db
Congratulations to Arlene Schelling for submitting the winning photograph for my Facebook cover photo contest. I'm so impressed with the strong interest from North Dakotans all across the state and the beautiful photographs they submitted for this contest. Thank you to everyone who participated.  I will continue to seek the input of North Dakotans in all I do, from photo contests to the issues that matter most to them. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d431bf37-efd9-4443-bd03-7a6b22208cee
At a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing, we examined the costs of across-the-board spending cuts – known as sequestration – in Indian Country. We absolutely need to reduce our deficit, but we can’t do it by slashing support for struggling families – including health care, housing and education in Indian Country.  The across-the-board cuts are making the situation more devastating, as it is now more difficult to help Native American families across North Dakota and the country get the support they need to feed their families. We have a moral obligation and treaty responsibility to make sure Indian Country has crucial services, and by subjecting those services to arbitrary cuts, we are failing to live up to that commitment.  http://1.usa.gov/1aIi8jw
Talked to CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning on today's Senate Banking Committee hearing on Janet Yellen’s nomination to chair the Federal Reserve. She is extremely qualified for the position, and I hope that under Dr. Yellen's leadership, in addition to supporting job growth generally, the Federal Reserve will work to address the uneven recovery and income inequality in America.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b83ddbfa-40a8-4199-9311-16442ec54615
After I brought the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy Director to North Dakota in July to see firsthand the drug abuse challenges facing the western part of the state, the Administration announced it will take three critical steps to help address it. This includes making Williams County eligible to receive more federal funding to combat drug problems.
The week beginning November 18, 2013 has been designated as National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week, after a bipartisan resolution I proposed with Senator Hoeven unanimously passed the Senate.  Tribal colleges and universities provide crucial higher education opportunities to Native Americans, preparing them to succeed in wide-range of careers. Next week will be an excellent opportunity for us to raise awareness about the value of these institutions and how they can help so many Native Americans grow and succeed.
Tune in the CNBC’s Squawk Box tomorrow morning at 8:00am ET. I’ll be discussing the Senate Banking Committee hearing occurring later tomorrow morning about Janet Yellen’s nomination to chair the Federal Reserve.
Honor to represent North Dakotans today at the White House Tribal Nations Conference. This conference is crucial to helping shed a bright light on the challenges facing Native American families, which too often get swept under the rug. It has also served as another important way for the U.S. government and Tribal nations to collaborate on ways to improve conditions in Indian Country. Throughout the week, I’m also working closely with North Dakota Tribal leaders, to discuss my Commission on Native Children bill, as well as many other pressing issues affecting Indian Country like housing, energy, and economic development.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7c9a65f6-7bba-4767-8d0c-57dbdfd2bb9f
Today I met with members of North Dakota’s National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors, Todd Ringoen, from Minot, and Phil Haug, from Fargo, to discuss tax reform and flood insurance.
Taken in Devils Lake, ND, by Erin Rice
Taken in Oliver County, ND, by Lance Aeschliman
There are only 5 days left to help me choose the winner of my Facebook cover photo contest. All you have to do is look through my Facebook photo album and like or comment on the photos you like the best. On Friday, I will choose a winner from the ones with the most feedback. Tell your friends and help me pick the best photo.
Premier Redford and I had a very productive discussion about how we can continue working on policies in Canada and the U.S. to help us become North American energy independent. It’s in both of our countries’ best interests to make sure we’re working together, strategizing, and learning from each other. In North Dakota, we have always had a special relationship with Canada and I believe my work with Premier Redford will only strengthen it.
Honored our brave veterans at the North Dakota Medal of Honor Memorial in Minot yesterday. We cannot leave veterans behind and must live up to the housing, health care and education commitments we made to those who have served our country. If we do not live up to this promise, then we are less for it. Read this Minot Daily News article about yesterday's Veteran's Day events in Minot.
Remembering to Fight for our Veterans By Senator Heidi Heitkamp   Six years ago, Eric Marts was in Iraq.  He had joined the National Guard and was deployed to Fallujah for 22 months.  While on patrol outside Fallujah, he was hit by a roadside bomb that exploded.  Eric survived, but the bomb fully blinded him.  After returning home, Eric visited a blind rehab center, undergoing months of rehabilitation, and received a guide dog, Deacon, who has been Eric’s eyes ever since.  Dedicated to helping and inspiring others, Eric now has his own radio show in Fargo on WDAY AM 970 on Saturday mornings called Heroes of the Heartland that focuses on servicemembers, veterans, and families – offering an outlet for those who have served to reach each other and share their stories.    Eric’s is a story of a man overcoming great obstacles and persevering.  It’s a story of success.  But it could have turned out very differently.  All across the country we hear about servicemembers coming home from Iraq, Afghanistan, and other places across the globe, struggling to catch themselves and integrate back into society.  We hear about the high rates of suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder among veterans, and see the internal pain so many of them face.  We hear about the large numbers of unemployed young veterans struggling to transition to civilian jobs. And we hear about the high rates of homelessness among veterans of all ages unable to support themselves.  These aren’t just statistics – they’re real, personal stories for so many families.  And I’m determined to make sure we do everything we can to give our veterans the care and support they have courageously earned.  When I met with veterans, including Eric, in six cities across North Dakota in July, I listened to their stories, witnessed the pain on many of their faces, and pledged to fight for them.  It’s our responsibility to make sure that we don’t just thank our veterans for their service – an important first step – but that we actually fight for them, just as they fought for us.    That means making sure they get the job training they deserve so they can get good jobs after leaving the military.  It means making sure they get the mental health services they need to combat PTSD and heal other mental wounds.  It means making sure they get the compensation and benefits they absolutely earned.  And it means making sure they get the education they deserve.  In our state, we understand the call to service as North Dakotans serve in the military at four times the rate of other states.  There are nearly 60,000 veterans in North Dakota, and we have had 19 Medal of Honor winners – the highest military distinction.  We all have parents, grandparents, siblings, or neighbors who have answered that call.  The strong support for our military and veterans can be seen in every day North Dakota families.  We are a state that waves American flags because we are deeply proud of our country, freedoms, and those who work so hard to defend them.  We’re dedicated to making sure our children have the same sense of thoughtful patriotism and understanding of service.  And we refuse to take for granted what so many before us have fought so hard to protect.    We also see the proud sense of service throughout the state in our Air Force Bases, National Guard units, veterans clinics, and VA medical centers.  Just recently, the Fargo VA added health care professionals to provide more extensive support for veterans.  Soon the Devils Lake veterans clinic will become a reality, offering tele-health service for veterans in rural communities to connect them with the best doctors across the state, and offer on-site staffing for veterans in the area.   These are important signs of progress, but we still have a very long way to go to make sure each and every veteran who needs help, is able to find it.  That’s my commitment to the veterans of North Dakota – I will continue fighting for you, just as you fought for me.  Around this Veterans Day, and every day, I encourage North Dakotans to say thank you to our veterans and to also pledge to fight for them.  They have served us with great courage, dedication, and selflessness.  And they deserve nothing less than our 100 percent commitment to standing up for them.
It was great to celebrate the great work of the Three Rivers Crisis Center in Wahpeton which is celebrating its 20 years of service. The organization works outside of the spotlight, but the professionals at Three Rivers make a real difference in the lives of every single person who comes through their door. I will continue to work in the Senate on policies to further combat domestic violence and sexual assault - like the Violence Against Women Act which passed earlier this year.  But it's the folks on the ground all across North Dakota - at places like Three Rivers - who do the incredibly important work of providing services and helping these survivors come forward and heal - and most importantly letting them know they are not alone.
I’m in the Senate to represent the people of the great state of North Dakota, and to do that most effectively, I pledged to listen to North Dakotans and be responsive to their questions and concerns. From just my first 10 months in office, I’ve been honored to have received  and responded to more than 50,000 calls, letters, and emails from North Dakotans throughout our state on a wide variety of issues, and hold more than 800 meetings with North Dakotans.  And I truly value the thoughts of every North Dakotan as they impact how I vote in Washington and help me best represent our state.
Great to catch up with Fargo native and Truman Scholar, Grant Hauschild today. Proud to have him represent our great state.
Help me pick the winner of my Facebook cover photo contest. All you have to do is like or comment on your favorite photos and on November 15, I will choose a winner from the ones with the most feedback. Take a minute, browse through the album, and tell your friends.
Proud to have voted for the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which the Senate passed today. Growing up, our parents teach us to ‘treat others as you wish to be treated,’ and it’s a credo that so many of us pass along to our children. Yet, sadly, we have failed to truly live up to this principle, as we have turned a blind eye to discrimination in the workplace against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals across the country. All Americans, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity, deserve to be protected from discrimination in the workplace. But for far too long, in many states, it has been legal for companies to fire, deny a promotion, or fail to respond to harassment in the workplace purely because of someone’s sexual orientation or how they identify themselves. We should all have a right to earn a living free from harassment and discrimination. And we should be judged on our qualifications and how we perform in our jobs – nothing else. Today’s vote is an important step forward, and I hope the House takes up the same call for fairness.
Watch my interview on CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning where I talked about North Dakota’s housing shortage, and the need for the Keystone XL Pipeline.
In 10 days I will be choosing the winner of my Facebook cover photo contest and I would like to know which ones you like the best. Take a minute to go through the album and like and comment on your favorite photos. I will choose a winner from the photos with the most likes and comments. Tell your friends, and keep an eye out for the Facebook photo contest winner on November 15.
During our state’s brutally cold winters, home heating assistance is vitally important for thousands of North Dakotans. Last Friday, I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in urging the Administration to release emergency home heating assistance funds for states to help families prepare for the cold. And today, those funds were released, leading to $222,900 in federal home heating assistance funding for North Dakota. No family should have to choose between putting food on the table for their family and keeping their kids warm at night, and now many North Dakotans shouldn’t have to make that choice.
Check out this summary about my Twitter town hall about the Farm Bill from last week to learn more about issues important to North Dakotans and how I am fighting for the longer-term, comprehensive Farm Bill North Dakotans deserve. I’ll be holding more Twitter town halls in the future.
I am so glad I had the chance to say a quick hello to Sue Mosser, from Medora, yesterday.
Proud to vote today to #PassENDA and end LGBT discrimination in the workplace.
Seniors and people who are disabled on Medicare have until December 7 to participate in the Medicare Open Enrollment Period and make any necessary changes to their health coverage. During this time, review your plan, make sure your health needs are being met, and see if any other plans may better suit your needs or budget. Medicare serves as a lifeline for so many North Dakotans, offering reliable and affordable health and prescription drug coverage, and North Dakotans deserve the best the program has to offer.
Aboard the new USS North Dakota submarine. Proud to participate in the christening ceremony today.
At the christening ceremony reception for the USS North Dakota submarine. Joined by USS North Dakota commander Doug Gordon, ND native and retired admiral Bill Owen, Senator Hoeven and Governor Dalrymple. Learn more in this Bismarck Tribune article: http://bismarcktribune.com/news/state-and-regional/newest-navy-sub-to-be-christened-in-conn/article_82acc2ce-432b-11e3-9fbc-001a4bcf887a.html
Put together an exciting summary about my busy day yesterday introducing my first bill in the US Senate. My legislation is a comprehensive plan to find solutions to the complex challenges facing Native American children in North Dakota and throughout Indian Country. Learn more below.
Votes are happening around 11:00 a.m. CT today, so I have to delay the time of my Twitter town hall about the Farm Bill.  Instead of 11:15 a.m. CT, it will now be at 2:45 p.m. CT today. Keep sending in your questions about the Farm Bill and include your hometown and #AskHeidiH. I'm looking forward to talking with North Dakotans about an issue that is so important for our state.
I spoke on the floor today about my first bill in the Senate which would create a Commission on Native Children. Long ago, we promised to provide for the education, health and safety of our Native children. So far, we have failed to defend our country’s most at-risk population, but this bipartisan bill aims to change that. My bill would move forward a long overdue conversation about how we can better help Native American children at Spirit Lake Nation, Standing Rock Sioux Nation, MHA Nation, Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa, Sisseton-Wahpeton Oyate Tribe, and tribes all around the country.
Today, I introduced my first bill as a US Senator which aims to find solutions to the complex challenges facing Native American children across North Dakota and the country. Standing up for our Native children has long been a priority of mine, and I’m proud that my first bill will help shed light on this issue and offer real solutions to address it. We need to strive for a day when Native children no longer live in third-world conditions; when they don’t face the threat of abuse on a daily basis; and when they receive the good health care and education to help them grow and succeed. My bipartisan bill – introduced with Republican Senator Murkowski of Alaska - would create a Commission on Native Children, named after Alyce Spotted Bear -- the former Chairwomen of Mandan, Hidatsa & Arikara Nation in ND – to face these issues head on so we can finally live up to the promises we made long ago to protect our Native families and children.
Excited to soon introduce my first bill in the Senate -- on my birthday. Today I'm remembering all the birthdays I spent with my brothers, sisters and neighbors back in Mantador, ND. Can you guess which one of these kids is me?
Send your questions now on the Farm Bill for my Twitter town hall on Thursday at 11:15 am CT.  Tweet a question and include your hometown and #AskHeidiH.  On Thursday, I will start answer your questions.
Flooding is too often a reality for so many North Dakotans and earlier this month, flood insurance rates went up for millions of families.  Today, I introduced a bipartisan bill that would make sure homeowners are able to get the affordable flood insurance they deserve to protect them and their families. The bill also makes sure many North Dakotans who have proactively flood proofed their basements won't see their flood insurance rates spike to unaffordable levels when they have already gone above and beyond to mitigate their flood risk. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=89594c67-4589-4a6c-8dc9-644d189cc830
Taken between Russell and Kramer, ND, by Arelene Schelling
From ballet to math, Minot native Chloe Ondracek has many impressive accomplishments. Her commitment to excellence is inspiring and I am glad I had the opportunity to meet both her and her mother, Pam, today.
Glad that Gary and Jean Klubberud, from Fargo, were able to stop by my DC office today and say hello.  I always enjoy spending time with North Dakotans.
At my Twitter town hall on Thursday, October 31 at 11:15am CT I will be answering North Dakotan’s questions about the Farm Bill.  I understand how critical a comprehensive and long-term bill are for North Dakota and I am looking forward to the opportunity to discuss the parts of it that are most important to you.  Questions can be submitted now by including your hometown and #AskHeidiH.
On November 15th I’ll be choosing the winner of my Facebook cover photo contest and I’d like your help in choosing the best one.  Take a look at my photo album and let me know which photos you like best by liking or commenting on them and I will choose a winner from the photos with the most likes and comments. I am looking forward to seeing which photo you like the best.
Today is “Day of The Deployed,” in recognition of the thousands of brave soldiers and families involved in military deployment around the world.  The United States is kept strong and free by the loyal military personnel who protect our country through their courageous actions and willingness to devote their lives to protecting our great nation.  I am eternally grateful for the men and women who serve around the world, and for the families who provided endless support for our servicemembers.
Remember to bring in your old prescription drugs to locations in West Fargo, Grand Forks, Fort Totten, and Belcourt today between 10am and 2pm CT, and Fort Yates between 10am and 2pm MT, for Drug Take-Back Day. Prescription drug abuse is a growing problem in our state and country, but simple actions like properly disposing of your left over and old prescription drugs can really make a difference.
It was a pleasure to have an in-depth conversation with students at University of North Dakota School of Law today. It’s great to meet smart, talented young people, like the ones I spent time with today. As North Dakota grows, we’ll need many strong leaders like those at UND to make sure we’re moving forward, promoting public service, and creating strong communities that support our families and provide opportunities.
It’s truly inspiring to see firsthand the innovative UAS work being done at the University of North Dakota. After visiting campus today, I am even more certain that North Dakota would be a valuable UAS test site due to our available airspace and climate, as well as the great research and education being done at UND.  I have strongly explained that to key leaders in the FAA, and am confident they understand the connection in our state between the military, civilian and educational UAS sectors. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=5ac3633c-19d3-40b5-8f44-495b9d29c26a
I'm holding a Twitter town hall on Thursday, October 31 at 11:15am CT to talk with North Dakotans about why I'm fighting for a Farm Bill and why it's so important for North Dakota. Send your questions now by including your hometown and #AskHeidiH.
Thank you everyone who sent in their beautiful pictures of North Dakota for my Facebook Cover Photo Contest. Now, I'd like to get your help as I decide which photo to pick as my next cover photo. Like or comment on your favorite photo, and on November 15, I'll choose a picture with some of the most likes and comments. Spread the word to your friends, take a look at my photo album, and let me know which picture you like the best.
Prescription drug abuse is a rapidly growing problem in North Dakota and across the country. Safely dispose of your drugs during Drug Take-Back Day on Saturday, October 26 from 10:00am - 2:00pm. With 56% of prescription drugs obtained through a friend or relative, Drug Take-Back Day is all the more important to make sure North Dakotans’ drugs are properly thrown out. Find a disposal location near you:
Congratulations to Horace Mann Roosevelt Elementary School Principal, Kim Colwell, on his deserving recognition as one of the top principals in the nation.  His years of dedication to North Dakota schools and selfless pursuit of excellence is truly inspiring.
Thank you to everyone who came out to Hettinger today.  We had a great turnout and talked about how the recent storm in southwestern North Dakota severely hurt our ranchers and showed all too clearly how the lack of a Farm Bill is hurting North Dakota, and how crucial a long-term Farm Bill is for our farmers, ranchers, and low-income families. As the debate continues on it, I will absolutely keep making sure North Dakota’s voice heard.
Moving Forward and Making Bipartisanship Work By Senator Heidi Heitkamp  For 16 days, Native families on North Dakota’s Indian reservations weren’t able to get help from the Bureau of Indian Affairs – leaving families hungry and without housing assistance they desperately need.  For 16 days, farmers throughout our state were unable to get crucial support from farm programs because the shuttered Department of Agriculture couldn’t respond to their requests.    For 16 days, small businesses across the state were unable to secure financing from the Small Business Administration, leaving the owners and their families – many of whom invested their life savings to start their businesses – in serious jeopardy.  The impacts of the federal government shutdown across North Dakota were very real and very damaging.  And taxpayers footed the bill, at the tune of $160 million per day.  It is ironic that some extremist Members of Congress, claiming to act in the name of fiscal responsibility, manufactured this crisis that Standard and Poor's estimates took $24 billion out of the economy.    I also hope this experience puts to bed the notion peddled by some Members of Congress that defaulting on our national debt would not cause us harm.  This is nonsense.  Every family in America knows that we must pay our bills to avoid digging a permanent financial hole.  If you don’t pay your mortgage or credit card bills, your credit rating will drop and you soon won’t be able to get a loan for your next car, home, or any other large purchase.     Likewise, if our country fails to pay its bills, its credit rating will drop, and we will all suffer the crippling consequences of rising interest rates, threats to retirements savings, and slower economic growth.  Every 1 point of increased interest payment on our debt accounts for $110 billion of additional federal government payments every year.  We can’t do that to our country.  The summer of 2011 was the last time the U.S. came close to default.  We didn’t go over the deadline at that time, but we came right up to it.  Even just coming close to the deadline had serious consequences.  The uncertainty and delays in raising the debt limit cost taxpayers about $1.3 billion in fiscal year 2011.  Despite the experiences from 2011, we just faced a similar situation again.  Though we’re fortunate that cooler heads eventually prevailed.   I’m proud to have been part of a group of 14 Senators – Republicans and Democrats – who recognized the need to put politics aside and worked together in a bipartisan fashion to reach a compromise.  We came up with a viable framework to reopen the government, allow the U.S. to pay its bills, and protect American families.  The plan we developed together paved the way for the bill the House and Senate eventually passed on October 16.   Throughout this debate, extremists tried to grab the loudspeaker, but there are rational, moderate Members who want to find solutions.  In this bipartisan group, we now have 14 of them – and I know there are more.  But our work has only just begun.  The compromise that ended the shutdown calls for the House and Senate to negotiate and reach a budget agreement by December 13.  This is a discussion we need to have.  I’m looking forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on a long-term and bipartisan solution that addresses our budget deficit while also spurring economic growth, creating jobs, and promoting innovation.  Everything must be on the table.  In the coming weeks, I’m also looking forward to working on other pressing issues, like passing a comprehensive Farm Bill and reducing flood insurance rates which recently went up for millions of American families.  These important issues, and many others, were unfortunately pushed to the wayside because of the government shutdown.  We can’t put ourselves in this situation again.  I hope that the many reckless Members who caused this pain on our economy and North Dakota families have learned their lesson.    Congress now has a chance to act responsibly.  It’s time to do the right thing and work together – Republicans and Democrats.  Simply put, it’s time to see some political courage.  We must prove that we are a Congress worthy of the American people.  I want to prove that we can live up to this challenge.
Today, I met with ranchers in Hettinger whose cattle herds were devastated by the recent severe storms.  The Farm Bill is supposed to make sure they get the assistance they need, particularly after natural disasters.  But because the Farm Bill expired on Sept. 30, those resources currently aren’t available.  This is just one of many reasons I’m pushing Congress to pass a comprehensive, long-term Farm Bill to give farmers, ranchers, and low-income families the certainty they deserve. And as Congress works to negotiate a budget, the Farm Bill would responsibly save $24 billion in federal funding by improving farm programs and making them more efficient, and support 16 million jobs.
Great editorial in the Grand Forks Herald today. I’m proud to have been a part of the bipartisan group of 14 Senators that paved the way for the bill the House and Senate eventually passed to the reopen the federal government, allow the U.S. to pay its bills, and begin budget negotiations. But we still have a lot of hard work ahead of us.
Ranchers throughout southwestern North Dakota saw their cattle herds devastated by the snow storm in early October. Because of the lack of a Farm Bill, they aren't able to make disaster claims or get needed assistance. Tomorrow I'm hosting a meeting for ranchers who were affected by the storm to hear their stories, connect ranchers with resources, and reinforce why we need to pass a comprehensive Farm Bill.
Taken near Fingal, ND, by Betty Gibbons
Today I was honored to help send off the North Dakota National Guard's 2-285th Battalion as they embark on their second deployment. Thank you to the soldiers and their families for their dedication to our country and their bravery. In North Dakota, we understand the importance of military service, and we're seeing that here today. I wish the soldiers a successful mission, and am looking forward to their safe return.
Today I toured Avianax in Grand Forks which is a partnership between the UND Research Foundation and Interglobal Biologics, Inc. They are investigating infections and diseases, like West Nile Virus and avian influenza, and developing treatments. I'm so proud that such important advancements are being researched right here in North Dakota.
I'm grateful for all of the hard work done by our North Dakota Head Start Directors and was glad to speak with them today at the North Dakota Head Start Conference. At a time when we should be investing in more programs like Head Start, wrongheaded policies and reckless across-the-board spending cuts are causing real damage. We absolutely need to reduce the deficit, but we can’t do it by slashing crucial programs, like Head Start, which give our children the affordable education opportunities they deserve and save taxpayers money in the long run.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2afb33cd-afbc-43c7-a502-459383ee9fdd
It was great to have a chance to talk with North Dakota Representatives Kylie Oversen (District 42), Jessica Haak (District 12), and Joshua Boschee (District 44) today. I always enjoy the time I get to spend with North Dakota's great public servants.
Talked with Chuck Todd this morning on MSNBC about how I'm committed to having continued bipartisan discussions and making sure we don't get ourselves into this situation again.
North Dakotans deserve a government that doesn’t face manufactured crisis after crisis due to political posturing. I’ve been beyond frustrated by the gridlock we’ve seen in Washington – particularly over the last few weeks. But I'm proud to have worked with a bipartisan group of 13 other Senators on a compromise to re-open the federal government, prevent the U.S. from default, and put the country on a long-term path to address the deficit and reduce spending. The plan we put together helped pave the way for the bill the Senate and House passed last night.   It is my hope that the many reckless members of Congress who caused this pain on our economy and North Dakota families have learned their lesson. Holding our economy hostage is irresponsible. Because of their political games, we have wasted $160 million a day during the shutdown. And, we wasted time that could have been spent advancing policies crucial to North Dakota, like passing a Farm Bill and reducing flood insurance rates which just went up for millions of families.  The U.S. Congress now has a chance to act responsibly. We need to seek real, bipartisan solutions to address the spending problem our country faces and reduce our deficit. We must prove that we are a Congress worthy of the American people.
The office of Senator Heitkamp is currently closed because of the shutdown of the federal government due to lapsed appropriations. The office will re-open as soon as normal government operations resume. During the government shutdown, this Facebook account will not be updated.
If the Republicans in the House of Representatives don’t stop holding our economy hostage by continuing to insist on attaching controversial add-ons to a must-pass government funding bill, it could cost taxpayers $100 million per day and could lead to the furlough of 7,000 federal workers in North Dakota.  That’s just reckless.  The House should pass the clean bill the Senate already passed, so we can move on and work on the many major issues facing our country.
The health care reform law isn’t perfect, and I hope to make improvements moving forward.  But the fact remains that it will provide health coverage for more than 20 million uninsured Americans. Starting on October 1, North Dakotans are able to compare private health insurance options in a competitive marketplace. No matter how North Dakotans feel about the law, I want to make sure they understand their coverage options, how the law may impact them, and have a central location to find answers to their questions.  That’s what my new webpage aims to accomplish, and I hope North Dakotans take advantage of it.
Stand up for ND farmers  Farmers across the United States are suffering because of uncertainty created in Washington. Nowhere is this uncertainty hurting us more than in North Dakota. We are a state steeped in agriculture, and it is a vital part of our economy. The time for political fighting must end. We need to pass a long-term, comprehensive farm bill to protect farmers, ranchers and low-income families.  North Dakota is the No. 1 producer of 13 key domestic crops grown on our farms. From wheat and barley to beans and sunflowers, we do it all. Agriculture feeds our families. It creates jobs throughout North Dakota. In other states, the farm bill may not be as much of a priority, but in North Dakota, it means a world of difference.  Passing a farm bill has been my top priority since I joined the Senate. And in June, the Senate passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan, comprehensive, and long-term farm bill, which I supported. The bill is the product of compromise, which means everybody gives a little in order to come to an agreement that serves the greater good.  The Senate-passed bill offers farmers and ranchers certainty. The bill responsibly saves $24 billion in federal funding by improving farm programs and making them more efficient. The compromise protects the more than 16 million American jobs supported by agriculture. It helps strengthen our rural communities as agriculture continues to grow.  There’s just one problem: Republicans in the House of Representatives don’t want to compromise. Despite the strong bipartisan support of the Senate bill, the House decided to go in a different direction, splitting up the farm programs and nutrition assistance programs into two separate bills. The House slashed nutrition assistance for about 4 million low-income working parents, children, seniors, veterans and people who are disabled. Not only is this a reckless direction to take, but it also jeopardizes passage of a farm bill in Congress; such stark cuts won’t pass the Senate.  For the past five decades, the farm bill has not been a political issue. Forged through decades of a successful rural-urban coalition in Congress, the farm bill has supported programs that provide a safety-net for families struggling through economic crises at home and farmers experiencing catastrophe in the field. Once these pieces are separated, the rural-urban coalition collapses and the support needed to defend farm programs deteriorates. This is what House Republicans are hoping to accomplish.  We all need to wake up and realize the detrimental impact that not having a farm bill will have on our lives.  I will continue to fight tooth and nail to stand up for farmers and ranchers across North Dakota. I hope the House will come to the table and join me so that we can provide the certainty our farmers and ranchers desperately need to remain strong for decades to come. We can do better, and now is the time to seize that opportunity with a strong farm bill.
See my interview with USA Today about the Keystone pipeline, Farm Bill, and much more.
I met with Train Engineers today, including Mark Schneider, from Martin, and they gave me an update of North Dakota's current status of railroad safety. My home in North Dakota is located right next to the railroad tracks, so I understand the kind of hours and hard work rail workers spend in order to transfer our goods throughout the state and country. Making sure all of North Dakota's workers are safe on the job is crucial.
Had the chance to sit down with North Dakota teachers Nick Archulata of Bismarck and Karen Askerooth of Valley City from North Dakota United to talk about education needs in our state. Making sure every North Dakotan has the opportunity to succeed is one of my top priorities and I'll continue to work to put our students on the best path forward.
During today's Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs hearing, I again made clear how important a strong postal service is to North Dakota and all of rural America. Congress needs to help USPS address its financial challenges, but we must do so in a commonsense way that protects service standards in rural America and treats postal workers fairly. I will continue working with my colleagues to shape a postal reform bill that fully takes into account the impact USPS has on rural jobs and communities.
When I was diagnosed with breast cancer, I was fortunate to have good health care. But too many people aren't so lucky. The health reform law isn't perfect, but the fact is that it will provide affordable health coverage for more than 20 million Americans - including many women and children. Today, I spoke with female Senators, mothers, and kids about this. But just like other sweeping pieces of legislation - such as Social Security and Medicare - we can look to change parts of it that don't work or could work better.
NA
Just as state and local governments are able to determine what programs best help their citizens - like scholarships, elder or child care, or housing assistance - we must recognize tribal governments also have those same rights. Senator Moran and I introduced a bill that ends the IRS' practice of taxing crucial programs and services that aim to support the health and safety of Native families. With this bill, we're supporting tribal self-determination and taking a step toward living up to our trust and treaty obligations to tribes. Find more details below.
The growth and change in North Dakota is unlike any other place in the country. It was great to hear from the North Dakota Chamber of Commerce today to discuss the changes in North Dakota and how we can best address our state's challenges. I am committed to fighting for what North Dakota needs to continue to be successful.
Whether in factories, on farms, or in your local diner, human trafficking of workers is right under our noses. No longer can we turn a blind eye to the issue. Today, at a Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing, my colleagues and I heard from experts in the field about how to address the problem of human trafficking in the U.S.
The effects of harsh across-the-board cuts are felt around North Dakota, and it's disheartening to hear how they are impacting schools in the state. Today, I met with representatives from Solen School, located on the Standing Rock reservation, to discuss how these cuts are impacting the school's ability to educate the students. I'm committed to fighting to make sure North Dakota students are given every opportunity to succeed.
The Williames from Dickinson are deeply committed to giving homes to children and they are inspirations to those around them. There are few people I respect more than foster parents, and I'm so proud to have nominated the Williams family as Angels in Adoption. Read more about their story below.
The Obama Administration has repeatedly stated its energy policy as 'all of the above,' but continues to issue regulations that make it impossible to find a viable path forward for coal, and their new proposed regulations on new power plants are no exception. This rule will have lasting, harmful impacts on North Dakotans - not just the coal industry, but nearly all consumers as coal provides almost 90 percent of our state's electricity. During the coming 60-day comment period, I plan to meet with the EPA Administrator to strongly explain how these regulations are completely unachievable based on current technology and are cost prohibitive. I will continue to fight for what is best for North Dakota and continue to pursue an energy approach that truly is 'all of the above.'
I'm thrilled to have six new interns in my offices in North Dakota and Washington, D.C.. Our interns provide such a valuable service in the office, and I hope they use the opportunity to learn firsthand about Congress and the legislative process, and the importance of public service. I'm lucky to have such a talented group of students and recent graduates helping out in my offices this fall.
It's extremely disappointing the House is willing to jeopardize passage of a Farm Bill in order to get rid of nutrition assistance for those who need it most.
A good education is crucial to putting our kids and country on the road to success. Today, I was able to congratulate Ned Clooten from Wahpeton and Kevin Hoherz from Beulah on being North Dakota's Principals of the Year. Grateful for their hard work for North Dakota's kids. The work done by our educators is invaluable and we should thank them every day.
I enjoyed answering North Dakotan's questions about Syria at my Twitter town hall on Tuesday. Thank you to all who participated. Check out the summary of the major topics discussed and some of the great questions that were asked.
At a Senate Banking Subcommittee hearing today, I urged the FEMA Administrator to keep intact certain flood insurance provisions that North Dakotans need. Many North Dakotans have gone above and beyond to implement flood-protection systems in their basements. After making such critical investments that not only better protect homes and families, but also safeguard our state's communities, they should not be lumped in with folks in other parts of the country who have not made these improvements. I know firsthand how important flood insurance is in North Dakota and I'm committed to making sure the program works for our state and that rates are affordable. Watch part of the hearing below, or read more at http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6f8b4db9-6bc2-4b6d-b59c-220bf38b72c1.
The Senate passed a bipartisan, comprehensive Farm Bill which I proudly support. But the House seems willing to throw it all away by taking out nutrition assistance programs which could derail passage of a long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill and put millions of farmers, ranchers, and low-income families at risk. We don't live in a country that rips food safety-net programs out from under children and families who need them. Today, I shared my concern on the Senate floor that can be viewed below, and you can read more at http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0f5e703a-6f6d-41ad-a44f-beecc620c62d.
Too many North Dakotans have lost their homes to flooding. It is critically important that North Dakotans have the affordable, flood insurance they need to protect their homes and families. Watch the Senate Banking Committee hearing taking place right now, as I talk about making sure flood insurance works for North Dakotans.
I am honored to nominate Courtney and Bobby Williams, from Dickinson, as my 2013 Angels in Adoption.  They have made such a huge difference in the lives of so many children by opening their hearts and homes.  The Williams family is a source of inspiration and sets an example of true selflessness, commitment and love.  They are beyond deserving of the nomination.
In North Dakota, we have a strong sense of patriotism and military service. And you can see that at our state's Air Force Bases.  Today, I met with Colonel Bauman, Commander of the 319th Air Base Wing at the Grand Forks Air Force Base to talk about the priorities and challenges the Base faces. Thank you to all our servicemembers for their hard work.
Thank you for the great questions about Syria that have been submitted for my Twitter Town Hall. If you haven't sent yours in, there's still plenty of time. Go to Twitter now and submit your questions using #AskHeidiH and include your hometown. I'll be answering your questions Tuesday at 3:15pm CT.
Today offered not only an opportunity to talk to school administrators and officials about their school meals programs, but a chance to hear directly from the students – like those at Sunrise Elementary – who are actually eating them. These programs make sure our kids get good, healthy meals, helping enable them to focus and learn more while in the classroom. I helped pass a Farm Bill in the Senate that would make crucial improvements to school meals programs, and now it's time for the House to do its part. Giving our kids every opportunity to succeed should be a priority for us all.
As I work to strengthen school meals, I received input directly from students and administrators during a school breakfast and discussion at Sunrise Elementary in Bismarck.
I"m still taking questions for my Twitter Town Hall about Syria on Tuesday at 3:15 pm CT. Submit yours today using #AskHeidiH and including your hometown. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e1fe2fdf-8a5e-49e3-9114-5f5dbe2ff9ca
Today I had the chance to participate in a nutrition assistance class that educates families on how to buy and prepare nutritious meals for their families. These classes are another example of how Farm Bill programs are important to all North Dakotans and I will continue to fight for them.
Tuesday at 3:15 pm CT is my Twitter Town Hall about Syria. Submit your questions now using #AskHeidiH and including your hometown. I am looking forward to hearing from so many North Dakotans.
The Keystone Pipeline would create shovel-ready jobs, contribute to North Dakota's all-of-the-above energy approach and help North America become energy independent.  On the Senate floor yesterday, I discussed how approval for the Keystone Pipeline is long overdue.
Attention North Dakotans: During my second Twitter town hall on Tuesday at 3:15pm CT, I'll be answering questions from North Dakotans about Syria. Go to Twitter now and submit your questions using #AskHeidiH and include your hometown. I'm accepting questions starting today and will answer as many questions as I can next Tuesday at 3:15pm CT. I look forward to hearing from you.
The North Dakota National Guard continually sacrifices to protect our state and country. The Guard's service and bravery is invaluable and I was honored to spend the evening with some of our courageous servicemembers at a reception in honor of North Dakota National Guard's 188th last night.
Yesterday, I spoke with the National Congress of America Indian Tribal Unity to restate my commitment to advocating and fighting for Native American rights.  Together, we can work to better the lives of our Native American brothers and sisters in North Dakota and across the country, and give them the housing, education and support they deserve.
Today we remember the nearly 3,000 people who lost their lives 12 years ago.  We still ache with sadness at the terrible losses from 9/11 and yearn for those who never came home.  The memory of that day reminds us to continue to honor those who we lost, comfort those who lost loved ones, and recommit ourselves to finding the spirit of togetherness that engulfed our country in the wake of that horrific day.  And we pay tribute to our brave servicemembers and veterans who have sacrificed so much to defend our nation.
Tonight, the President spoke to the American people about the terrible atrocities recently committed by the Syrian government, and how the Assad regime’s crimes against humanity cannot be ignored.   I’m glad the President now agrees that we should seek a diplomatic solution first, and will engage in a renewed effort with the United Nations.  We need to act in our country’s strategic interest, and that means exhausting any diplomatic options before considering the use of force.   The recent news about Assad accepting a Russian proposal to turn over its chemical weapons to international control is promising.  It demonstrates there is a stronger appetite for a diplomatic solution that builds robust international support – just like my legislation aims to do.  But actions speak louder than words, and we haven’t seen any action yet.   As the diplomatic process the President discussed continues, our nation should keep building international support and putting pressure on the Assad regime to turn over its chemical weapons.  And the Senate should continue to consider alternate plans that focus on diplomatic efforts, such as the plan I have put forth.
I went to the #Senate floor this afternoon to discuss my alternative proposal on #Syria. Please take a look:
Thanks to Growth Energy for its Fueling Growth Award and for representing the producers and supporters of ethanol and advocating on behalf of North Dakota's all-of-the-above energy approach.
Watch Senator Manchin and I discuss our alternative plan in Syria on the Senate floor at 5:00pm ET. More details can be found at http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=300f7cb2-e49f-43cb-8b6c-d53deb862300
Honored to receive the Golden Triangle Award from the North Dakota Farmer's Union today.  I came to the Senate determined to fight for North Dakota's farmers, and I'm grateful to be recognized for the work I've done so far on behalf of North Dakota's producers and rural communities.  Agriculture is one of the highest priorities in North Dakota, which makes it one of my highest priorities as well.
See my statement on the potential use of military force in Syria over its use of chemical weapons and my alternative proposal:
Returning to Washington, DC to participate in briefings and hold meetings to discuss the potential use of force in Syria:
Coal is a reliable, affordable energy source and a key part of any solution to North American energy independence and security. This week, I was in Canada and visited a plant with innovative carbon capture and storage technologies with Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall.
Today I visited the largest coal-fired power station with a carbon capture and storage system which is in Saskatchewan.  The work being done at the SaskPower's Boundary Dam plant is an example of how Canada has invested in innovative technologies and how the U.S. can find a viable path for coal and coal-fired power.
My thoughts and prayers are with Glenn, Earl and the whole Pomeroy family with the loss of Myrtle, a smart, strong North Dakotan. http://www.times-online.com/content/myrtle-pomeroy
Here's a story from National Journal on Dakota Gasification in Beulah, ND.  This plant is such an important part of energy development in #ND.
Prescription drug abuse is the most rapidly growing drug problem facing the country.  Too many North Dakotans, their families, and communities are torn apart by the drug abuse or deaths.  To address these issues, I met with law enforcement officials, health providers and local officials in Bismarck today to discuss how we can most effectively stem the tide of drug abuse.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=21e7c1a0-96ea-4fe8-9f3f-37bed4d1f5e3
Great news that #ND will be repaid for $1.5 million in revenue it is owed from mineral extraction and energy development.
I heard about Myrtle Farrell's story from an old family friend of hers and couldn't resist stopping by to meet her.  At 104 years old, she is the most experienced quilter in the Red River Valley!
Spoke during panel discussion tonight hosted by the Greater North Dakota Chamber about the need to work together to find real solutions. That's the way in #ND way. We need to build a strong future for the next generation. That means reducing the deficit and working together on many issues, including the#FarmBill & energy.
I spoke to graduates at the Quentin N. Burdick Job Corps Center about how Job Corps offers students a chance to develop their skills and find careers in fields like health care and manufacturing.  All of the students show such amazing promise and I have no doubt they will do great things.
Glad that the Minot Air Force Base was able to open its new operations building and control tower today. We must make sure our servicemembers have the best and most up to date equipment to do their jobs.
Discussed Alberta's commitment to environmental responsibility and role as a supplier of energy to the United States with Premier Alison Redford
Good luck to all the North Dakota students and teachers as they begin another year of school this week.
Wapisiw Lookout - a former storage area for oil sand tailings that has been reclaimed and turned back into wetland and forest.
Overlooking the Suncor upgrader
At the Suncor Millennium Extraction control room
Outside of Suncor with Minister Cal Dallas.
Headed to Suncor oil sands with Minister Cal Dallas.
Touring the Suncor oil sands operation.
Reception with top Canadian officials hosted by Minister Cal Dallas with senior Alberta government officials, industry officials, Canada’s Ambassador to the U.S., and the United States Consul General.
Headed to #Canada for a few days to strengthen energy ties and discuss #NorthDakota’s #energy production.
Keeping sending your favorite, original photos of North Dakota for my Facebook Cover Photo Contest.  Sent photos to press@heitkamp.senate.gov and they could be featured here.  Include your name and where the photo was taken.  I’ll announce the winner in mid-September so continue spreading the word!
Just as our servicemembers fought for us on the battlefield, it’s our duty to make sure they get the care they deserve when the return home. Today’s opening of the new, state-of-the-art operating room at the Fargo VA is renewing that commitment to our veterans, and again thanking them for their service by making sure they get the most updated, top-notch care.
Glad to see the completion of the Enbridge’s pipeline expansion and new loading facility today.  These developments will aid in North Dakota’s all-of-the-above energy policy by increasing the barrels per day of transport capacity and allowing Bakken crude to reach markets previously unavailable. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=343e7f7d-eb62-4f1c-bf24-232849d8cea2
It was great to hear more perspectives on our state's housing crisis at the housing summit in Fargo today.  I heard from local leaders about what needs to be done to address this challenge head on and was able to gain a great deal of insight that I can bring back to Washington.  As we seek to fix this issue, if you are looking for assistance now in finding affordable housing, the Public Housing Agency has resources: http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/pha/contacts/states/nd.cfm.   Here's more information about the housing summit below.
It was a pleasure having William Woodworth, a UND Student from Bismarck, ND, intern in my Bismarck office this summer.  He was a great asset to the team and will be missed.  Good luck in the upcoming school year and thank you for your hard work William.
Great discussion at Valley City State University about making college more affordable and legislation I voted for that allows students to take advantage of historically low interest rates. Providing long-term certainty for students is only the beginning of my efforts to improve our higher education system.
I appreciate hearing from so many North Dakotans about their ideas on how to address our state's housing crisis at my housing summit in Mandan this morning.  This problem is evident all across our state, which makes the resources provided by the North Dakota Housing Finance Agency invaluable - find these resources at:  http://www.ndhfa.org/default.asp?nMenu=01001. Here are more details on today's housing summit: http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6b04fde3-0c0a-4518-9e39-7a7d4dc2ce01
Thanks to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) Chairman Martin Gruenberg for coming to North Dakota today to meet with bankers in the state.  We talked about the importance of local and community banks to helping small businesses and communities thrive.  It was a great opportunity for Chairman Gruenberg to hear firsthand from our community bankers.  http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=5307383f-7a88-402e-abd4-ed970722d69d
PHOTO CONTEST: Send me your best original North Dakota photos. I need your help picking a new cover photo for my Facebook page. Please send your favorite high quality, original photo of North Dakota to press@heitkamp.senate.gov and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you. The photos will be posted as they come in and I’ll announce the winner in mid-September. Spread the word!
Do you know a person or organization who is improving the lives of foster and adopted children in North Dakota? If so, nominate them now through August 23rd for Angels in Adoption by following the link below. Too often, selfless acts in adoption go unrecognized, but the Angels in Adoption program aims to change that by highlighting the blessings in adoption that occur each day.
Today, I met with the Bismarck Lions Club to discuss how we need to get Washington working again, the importance of the Farm Bill, and other major issues that will be before the Senate.  It was a great event with even better company.
Congratulated Blaine Schulz from Jamestown on his silver medal at the 2013 Special Olympic Winter Games and presented him with an American flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol. It was an honor to meet him. Blaine made our state and country proud.
Proud to support North Dakota's newest #ethanol plant, Dakota Spirit AgEnergy in Spiritwood, #NorthDakota.
Headed to Dairy Queen to enjoy some ice cream for a good cause: Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Visit DQ today to support treatment for kids #MiracleTreatDay
Spent time at the Dakota Gasification Plant yesterday -- my old stomping grounds -- where they use cutting edge technology to capture and sequester carbon.  Clean coal is yet another way that North Dakota is on the cutting edge of energy development and technology, and is using an all of the above energy approach.
There's no place I'd rather be in the summer than Theodore Roosevelt National Park. It was great meeting park staff yesterday with Senator Hoeven and U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.
Pleasure to host Interior Secretary Jewell. She was able to see the rapid progress that we’ve made in North Dakota, and will bring these energy development lessons back to Washington and help drive home the message to the Administration that what we are doing here can be done at a national level.
"North Dakota really is ground zero for an all-of-the-above #energy approach,” U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell on the ground in #NorthDakota.
Thrilled to host Interior Secretary Jewell this week in North Dakota with Senator John Hoeven. Her visit is an opportunity for the Administration to see firsthand how North Dakota is paving the way for the rest of the country in energy development.
Check out the summary of my Twitter town hall on education issues. Looking forward to many more. #AskHeidiH
It was great to spend time talking about education issues with North Dakotans during my first Twitter Town Hall this morning.  We talked about boosting early childhood education, helping students do their best in school, and enabling students and graduates to afford to go to college.  Thank you to everyone who participated.  I'm looking forward to holding more Twitter town halls on a variety of issues.
My top priorities for the Bases and Station are to support military families, while bringing good paying jobs to the local economy. Proud to announce that Grand Forks Air Force Base, Minot Air Force Base, and Cavalier Air Force Station will participate in a new initiative offering improved, affordable housing and new community centers to military families.
How would you address the cost of higher education? Go on Twitter and submit your thoughts today. Use#AskHeidiH and we’ll discuss during my Twitter Town Hall on Thursday at 10:45 a.m. CT.   Thanks!
Thank you to my friend and our former ND Senator, Byron Dorgan for spending time with Cora, Jessica and Jared tonight.  They have been terrific interns in our Washington office!
What would you do to improve education outcomes for our children? Go on Twitter and submit your thoughts today. Use #AskHeidiH and we’ll discuss during my Twitter Town Hall on Thursday at 10:45 a.m. CT. Thanks!
I have already received many great questions for Thursday’s Twitter Town Hall. I hope to hear from you, so please submit your questions too. Simply log on to Twitter, tweet a question you have about education, followed by your hometown and #AskHeidiH. Then join my first Twitter town hall on Thursday at 10:45am CT.
I know many of you follow me on Twitter (@SenatorHeitkamp), so I wanted to give you a heads up about my first Twitter Town Hall! It will begin Thursday, August 1, at 10:45 a.m. CT. Starting today, post a tweet with a question about education, followed by your hometown with the hashtag: AskHeidiH
I am accepting internship applications for the fall. Interns in my office have the chance to serve North Dakota, while also gaining real-world skills and witnessing government in action. Learn more here:
Met with future #NorthDakota #agriculture leaders. Charles from Kenmare & Mikayla from Napoleon. They were in town with National FFA Organization
Just voted for a #bipartisan #studentloans bill to give long-term certainty to #NorthDakota families.
Good conversation with Capitol Hill interns. The intern lecture series was started by President Ford when he was a member of the House of Representatives.
During Senate Banking hearing, I made clear the importance of community banks, credit unions & the need for GSE reform.
"It’s an old American story: malign policies hatched in Washington leading to pain and death in Indian country. It was true in the 19th century. It is true now"
Important Senate Banking hearing right now about housing finance and the important role community banks and credit unions play. Watch:
This morning I told reporters and other opinion leaders about #NorthDakota's all-of-the-above #energy policy During The Hill Newspaper's  #KXLbriefing.
At about 9 a.m. CT, I will be at The Hill Newspaper's #KXLbriefing discussing national security benefits of #KXL. Watch live:
NA
I enjoy having the help of so many young North Dakotans in all my offices.  Please check out my website if you are interested in interning for the people of North Dakota and thanks to Michael for all his hard work!
In Bismarck, National Drug Control Policy Director Kerlikowske hearing from folks working to address drug abuse in North Dakota.
With Senator Jon Tester and National Drug Control Policy Director Kerlikowske. Great input from local leaders in Montana.
Senator Jon Tester and I are in Montana with President Obama's top drug policy advisor. Want to show him the issues unique to rural communities and oil-impacted are facing with drug abuse and crime. I am confident that this experience will help him as he works with the President to address the drug challenges states in the Northern Great Plains face.
Met with Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx to discuss the need for further and continued investment in rural highways, airport infrastructure, and essential air service.
Headed to a Senate Banking hearing. Chairman Bernanke will give his semiannual report to Congress. Watch live:
Wish I could have been in #Fargo for this.
Discussed commodity markets at a Senate Ag Committee hearing. Protecting customer accounts my top priority #Agriculture
NA
It was great meeting with members of the NDSU Extension Service Leadership Development program today.
Was just with top USDA officials to discuss the 4.4 million acres prevented from planting in #NorthDakota.
Please be aware of student loan debt-relief companies charging exorbitant fees to reconsolidate loans w/free government services.
Good Grand Forks Herald story on new U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs initiative to improve transportation options for rural #veterans.
NA
Please read my friend Byron Dorgan's NY Times op-ed on our broken promises in #IndianCountry. We all can do better.
House finally passed a #FarmBill. Time for bipartisan work to get it done, something House has shown no interest in.
Great to meet with members of the Kindred Future Farmers of America chapter today! The Kindred High School students are in DC attending the National FFA Organization Leadership Conference. North Dakota FFA
We just introduced a #balancedbudget amendment. In North Dakota, we believe in fiscal responsibility. Time for Fed to do the same.
NA
Today I met with T.J. and his sisters Tylie and Taya from #Bismarck who shared with me their experiences living with Type 1 Diabetes. These three siblings were chosen to represent North Dakota at the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation Children’s Congress (JDRF) in DC. #NorthDakotans
Will vote to keep student loan rate of 3.4 for 1 year. Gives us time to find long-term solution w/o hurting students. #DontDoubleMyRate
Had a great discussion with IndyCar Series racer Charlie Kimball who was on Capitol Hill raising awareness about #diabetes.
Miss Teen North Dakota stopped by my DC office today! Great to visit with Sarah Edgar - Miss Teen North Dakota United States 2013 and her family. #NorthDakotans
Was on the #Senate floor to bid farewell to my colleague and dear friend Senator William "Mo" Cowan He is anchored in the one great belief that his job will always be to make the world a more just place for his sons and all the children of our country.
About to speak on the #Senate floor about Senator William "Mo" Cowan time in the Senate. Listen here. http://srs1.senate.gov/log/ #NDSister
Live in studio at 790 KFGO-AM now. Tune in!
Enjoying this Independence Day with family on the Missouri River. Thanks to all those who have served to protect our freedom. #thankful
In #Fargo, I heard about a #veterans' issue that has never been brought to my attention. That is why I'm on this tour.
I applaud the Administration for delaying this health reform requirement until it is workable for #NorthDakota businesses.
In #GrandForks, hearing about the need for all of us to do more to support our #veterans. We need to do this every day -- not just this time of year.
I get some of the best advice at places like Granny's in #Grafton, #NorthDakota.
Had to stop at Bless My Bloomers! on the side of the road in #Grafton, #NorthDakota.
At the Grafton, #NorthDakota VA #healthcare facility. They do great work here for area #veterans.
In #DevilsLake, we are discussing how to make life better for #veterans, particularly young vets. Need to do better job educating public on #PTSD.
Busy day in #DevilsLake. Just met with airport officials. Many folks taking advantage of the convenient flight to Minneapolis.
Great group in Dickinson, #NorthDakota discussing the unique issues facing #veterans in the western part of our state.
Most helpful part about the #veterans tour is talking to folks in the clinics about their experiences with the VA.  Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
At #Bismarck VA facility. Hearing directly from the folks who dedicate their lives to caring for our #veterans.
As part of my #veterans tour, vets are able to voice their concerns directly to VA officials, and get responses.
Very moving ceremony today at Scheels to honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. Be sure to check out the 'Remembering Our Fallen' traveling display in #Bismarck this month.
There is not a more dedicated American Legion department in the country than the North Dakota American Legion!
Excited to get to #Williston and see a lot of friends at the North Dakota American Legion convention tonight! #veterans
At Minot Air Force Base VA Health Clinic visiting with #healthcare providers who take care of our #veterans.
Listening to #Minot #veterans to understand how I can serve them better.
En route to #Minot to kick off discussions with #veterans across  #NorthDakota.
Instead of ignoring problems like usual, the Senate took a major step forward in reforming our outdated, broken immigration system.
Getting ready to vote to #reform our broken #immigration system. Bill greatly increases border security to stem future illegal immigration.
Last night I played in the Congressional Women's Softball Game   with other members of the Senate and House. The game raised over $125,000 for the Young Survival Coalition, an outreach organization providing the tools and resources to young breast cancer patients and survivors.  #CWSG
Check out this clip where I discuss #GSEReform's impact on #NorthDakota.
Pleased #SCOTUS struck down #DOMA. This was always about individuals being treated equally. Discrimination is discrimination.
It has been a lot of fun trash talking the press, but we are all motivated to raise money and awareness to support young women diagnosed with breast cancer.
The bill I wrote will incentivize refinancing, allowing students to benefit from incredibly low interest rates. I have heard from countless students who are trapped because of an overwhelming amount of private student loan debt. This does not only impact them, it is a drain on our entire economy.
Rolling out the #GSEReform bill with a bipartisan group of 7 other Senators. Proud to be with a coalition of Senators who are committed to solving this challenging issue. This is why we were sent here!
Want to see a bipartisan coalition discuss solutions to a serious issue facing our economy? Watch live at 1:15 CT. #GSEReform
I ran for the U.S. Senate because I wanted to help find solutions to major problems facing our country. For far too long, Washington has kicked the can down the road when it comes to our housing financing system. I am committed to moving forward a bipartisan plan that protects taxpayers, provides certainty to the industry, and ensures that the 30-year-fixed-rate mortgage is available for North Dakotans in the future.
At meeting with top USDA official, I urged the House to try again to pass a #FarmBill, or consider the Senate version.
Congratulations to Safe Kids Grand Forks for being named Outstanding Organization of the Year at the 25th Anniversary Celebration and Safe Kids Worldwide Injury Prevention Conference in Washington, D.C. last week.  Safe Kids Grand Forks is an organization that seeks to prevent accidental injuries and deaths in children. For more information on Safe Kids Grand Forks,
In #Bismarck this morning, will be joined by U.S.D.A. Deputy Secretary Michael Scuse to discuss the 2013 crop year with #NorthDakota producers.
Following the House's failure, will talk #FarmBill on WDAY AM at about 8:13 a.m. CT. Listen live:
Yesterday, I met Kari Warberg Block, CEO of Earth-Kind, Inc. and the 2013 North Dakota Small Business Person of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Administration. This award is presented to small business owners across the country that have started and grown a prosperous business.  Earth Kind Inc. manufactures non-toxic, earth friendly rodent-repellants. For more information on the Small Business Person of the Year award and Earth-Kind, Inc., click here.  Congratulations, Kari!  #NationalSmallBusinessWeek #NorthDakotan
I’m deeply disappointed the House has once again failed to provide our agricultural producers with the certainty they need to run their businesses by passing a long term Farm Bill. Instead of supporting real reform that ends outdated farm policies, consolidates programs, provides billions of dollars in savings to the American tax payer, and ensures the continuation of a farm safety net – the House has bent to extreme views in its failure to pass this needed legislation. American agriculture provides over 16 million jobs to the American economy and is the key driver of wealth creation in rural communities. If our country is to continue to be a world leader in agricultural production, we need our leaders in Washington to step up and do their part.
Happy National Small Business Week! This morning I chaired a roundtable for the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee regarding the effects of sequestration on small business.  #SBW2013 #SmallBiz
Today is #WorldRefugeeDay I met with refugees from Iraq and Sierra Leone this morning who are now living in #NorthDakota. These refugees – who have fled violence, persecution, and human rights violations in their home countries – are sharing their stories with Members of Congress and expressing their gratitude for, and the importance of, the assistance they received upon arrival in the United States.  Along with other Senators, I have sponsored a Senate Resolution being introduced today that highlights the challenges refugees face and the courage they show on their journeys to safety.
Today I discussed provisions of the Farm Bill with members of the Independent Beef Association of North Dakota (I-BAND). The Farm Bill that I helped shape as a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee recently passed the Senate by a strong bipartisan vote of 66 to 27. The bill reauthorizes key livestock disaster programs important to ranchers in North Dakota. #NorthDakota #FarmBill #Cattlemen
Today, NDSU President Dean Bresciani presented me with a North Dakota State Football helmet to display in my office. Thank you to President Bresciani and the 2012 championship team! #NorthDakotaPride #NDSU
Yesterday I met with Anjali Lall and Maneesh Apte, U.S. Presidential Scholar recipients who recently graduated from Davies High School in Fargo, ND. The United States Presidential Scholar Program annually awards up to 141 high school graduates nationwide, honoring students who demonstrate exceptional academic achievement. Congratulations Anjali and Maneesh!
Interested in applying to a military service academy or know a student who is? Learn more about the application:
Just launched the #Senate Defense Communities Caucus with Senator Isakson. North Dakota Defense Communities have unique needs. Our communities take immense pride in their military installations and their servicemembers. These communities work hand in glove with their bases to develop partnerships that benefit our states in countless ways. They provide crucial support and stability to our servicemembers, all while raising their families, educating their children and working to grow their local economies.
#NorthDakotans in town with National Rural Electric Cooperative Association's youth tour. Great to see all of you!
It's National #SmallBiz Week. Join me in saluting all of #NorthDakota's small businesses, the lifeblood of our local economies. #SBW2013
I will take this input to DC. #NorthDakota's voice will be heard as we debate reforming our broken #immigration system.
Chatting with #Fargo reporters after #immigration discussion at Microsoft
This morning at Microsoft in Fargo, I’ll sit down with a diverse group of North Dakotans representing the business, technology, higher education, and health care sectors, and talk about how best to meet the needs of North Dakota as we look to overhaul our broken immigration system.
Happy Father's Day! I was blessed with a great dad, and am grateful every day for my husband, who is a wonderful father to our two children.
It was reaffirmed today we must avert the near-term student loan interest rate increase & also work on a long-term solution to address student loan debt.
At The University of North Dakota with students, faculty, and parents discussing student loans. As one who used them to pay for school, I know how important they are!
En route to Grand Forks. Can't wait to see the talented young women at North Dakota Girls State!
Very pleased that the Senate has adopted my resolution to raise awareness about PTSD.
NA
Fantastic morning with the Association of Defense Communities and the Grand Forks Base Realignment Impact Committee.
Questioning Indian Health Service's Dr. Roubideaux about the major healthcare challenges in Indian Country.
On Twitter? The U.S. Department of Labor and many VSOs are coming together today for a Vets Jobs Chat. Join at 12:30 p.m. CT to learn more about jobs for veterans.
Discussed poverty and hunger issues with North Dakotans working with Bread for the World
Brought together a bipartisan coalition to raise awareness about Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. Pushing a resolution to designate June 2013 as National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month. PTSD is one of the greatest challenges facing our brave men and women while they are serving and after they return home from duty.
Great to see some folks from Wahpeton in Washington, DC!
Met with the Turtle Mountain Chairman Richard McCloud and officials to discuss funding opportunities for their emergency road repairs, the Bureau of Indian Education and tribal infrastructure needs.  Improving the quality of life for our brothers and sisters in Indian Country continues to be one of my top priorities.
Today was a great day for North Dakota agriculture. The Senate passed the Farm Bill 66-27. Now is the time for the House to act.
Will be on KFYR Radio in a few minutes to discuss the importance of the 2013 Farm Bill. Listen live:
I am supporting a bipartisan proposal to expand the federal government’s fuel sources. In North Dakota we believe in an all-of-the-above energy policy as a means of achieving North American energy independence and energy security.
I know firsthand the importance of investing in our young people — I attended college with the help of federal Pell grants and student loans. This is an issue of fairness; we need to get our fiscal house in order, but it not should not be done on the backs of students paying for their education.
Had a great chat about energy in Norway and North Dakota this morning with Ambassador Wegger Strommen!
Great to visit with Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs students who recently graduated from Dickinson Trinity. Congratulations, students!
At The National Network to End Domestic Violence Conference, I highlighted the enhanced protections in the reauthorized VAWA, need to keep up our efforts.
Great meeting with North Dakota Long Term Care Association members from Wishek, Mandan, Bismarck and Grand Forks.
Congress passed the 19th amendment 94 years ago today to give voting rights to women. We've come a long way, but still have more work to do.
By reforming outdated farm programs and cracking down on abuse, our Farm Bill reduces the federal deficit $24 billion.
Huge week for the Farm Bill. It’s time to get this done & give long-term certainty to American farmers and ranchers. Share if you agree!
RIP to U.S. Senator Frank Lautenberg. My thoughts and prayers are with his friends and family.
Honored to address the Central Middle School graduation in Devils Lake. Now discussing important water issues with local & tribal leaders.
About to speak at the UAS Summit in Grand Forks.
Just went to the Bison Wind Energy Center dedication in New Salem. We mean it in North Dakota when we say all-of-the-above energy policy.
NA
At the Minot Fire Department with Fire Chief CJ Craven talking about our hard working North Dakota first responders.
A much-needed boost of federal funding to help Minot revitalize its downtown after the disastrous 2011 floods
Headed to Minot today for meetings and to make an important announcement regarding the city's flood recovery.
Good luck to National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg, the University of North Dakota alum headed to the International Space Station at 3:30 p.m. CT
Went to a powerful Memorial Day ceremony at the cemetery in Wing, North Dakota.
Since the beginning of WWII, more than 2,300 North Dakotans have been killed in action. Let’s honor all those who have served today.
Having a great time at MHA Nation's 18th Annual Four Bears Pow Wow.
Spent the morning honoring families of fallen North Dakota servicemembers. They are my inspiration.
Honored for my work on behalf of sportsmen.  W/advocates Shawn Michaels, Ryan Benson & Keith Mark.
NA
Questioning Administration about health care in rural America and Indian Country now.
My heart and thoughts will be at tonight's remembrance ceremony to honor Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard
Just helped defeat a special-interest amendment that would have threatened 142,000 American jobs.
I am in close contact with local officials and will do all I can to help w/ current flooding in NE North Dakota.
Congrats to Mandan's Michael Kaip for receiving the 2013 Inspiration Award from North Dakota National Guard and USA TODAY Sports
At 11 a.m. CT, I will be on the Senate floor to make the case for the bipartisan long-term Farm Bill. Watch live:
Why do I stick up for North Dakota sugar producers vs special interests? Watch:
Just about to go on the Senate floor to discuss North Dakota sugar producers. Watch here: http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=13
Check out  Chairwoman Stabenow's op-ed in The Hill re the need to finish America's Farm Bill.
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Oklahoma. We will do all we can to support your recovery.
NA
Critically important week as the full Senate debates a long-term Farm Bill.
Senate Ag Chairwoman Stabenow introducing the Farm Bill on Senate floor now. Watch live:
From Sunday's bittersweet ceremony. We will never forget Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard.
Very special day in ND. Welcomed home the North Dakota National Guard's 818th Engineering Company and honored those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
Dr. Ernest Moniz just confirmed Secretary of Energy. Hope he joins us in promoting an all-of-the-above energy policy.
Great to visit with students from Hettinger, North Dakota.
On Peace Officers Memorial Day, thank you so much to those who keep North Dakota communities safe.
At Indian Affairs Committee now questioning Secretary Jewell re Indian Country priorities for the Interior Department. Watch live:
Nice to chat Farm Bill with folks from National Association of Farm Broadcasting and Red River Farm Network's Mike Hergert.
Up early running to raise money for the  Wounded Warrior Project at the ACLI challenge.
Great to work in a bipartisan manner at FarmBill mark-up w/ Senator John Hoeven on North Dakota agriculture priorities.
Wonder why I am fighting so hard for a long-term Farm Bill? Watch this clip.
Senate Ag Committee came together to pass a strong, bipartisan Farm Bill. Next step: full Senate.
Senate Agriculture Committee Farm Bill mark-up starting now. Watch live:
On 790 KFGO-AM this am at 8:40 CT. Discussing Farm Bill just before we start mark-up at 9 a.m. CT. Listen live:
It’s National Police Week. Please join me in showing your support for the hardworking men and women who keep us safe.
NA
Had another great Farm Bill discussion in Bismarck. Reaffirmed that we need a Farm Bill now!
Very bright students at the North Dakota Know Your State competition at Bismarck State College-beyond
Heading to the groundbreaking for the new Bobcat Company Acceleration Center in Bismarck
Talking Farm Bill in Fargo area today and Bismarck Monday. We need a Farm Bill now!
Farm Bill draft I have been working on released today. Still trying to improve it for North Dakota. Read it here:
Great to meet with students from Tioga, North Dakota
Congrats MHA Nation on your new refinery groundbreaking!
This federal $ will play an important role in Minot, North Dakota’s cleanup and redevelopment efforts.
At Small Biz hearing abt strengthening female minority businesses. I discussed challenges facing Native biz owners.
Thank you for your service to North Dakota and our country.  I will not forget.
Watch 2013 Farm Bill markup here next Tuesday.
W/ The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards top youth North Dakota volunteers, Lyndsey Schuerer and Nicolette Cariveau. Keep up the great work!
NA
Special thank you on National Teacher Appreciation Day to all of the wonderful teachers I had growing up in North Dakota. Thank a teacher today!
It is clear that it is unfair to let out-of-state businesses benefit from tax loopholes, while brick-and-mortar North Dakota businesses are held to a different standard.
Two Fargo Davies students named Presidential Scholars. Way to go Maneesh and Anjali!
Good IN FORUM story re Marketplace Fairness. As a Fargo small business owner said: "It's about damn time."
North Dakota National Guard unit receives major Army award. Way to go! North Dakotans are proud of you.
ICYMI: My op-ed in the Dickinson Press.  Important to remember: despite ND's $, many North Dakotans living in poverty.
Good news for western North Dakota housing.
Today's U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) findings are an affirmation that North Dakota will play a major energy role for decades to come.
Sad to learn that former North Dakota Governor Bill Guy has passed. He worked tirelessly to improve the lives of North Dakotans.
Marketplace Fairness passes another hurdle. Consensus is that we should close the loophole that hurts Main Street businesses.
Senate Rural Summit was a success. Raised awareness about many issues important to North Dakotans.
I applaud Gov. Dalrymple & other North Dakota stakeholders for supporting the common-sense Marketplace Fairness Act.
A good step from U.S. Department of Agriculture to address some of the housing issues in North Dakota.
On a panel soon at the Senate Rural Summit. Will discuss infrastructure and access to capital in rural America. Watch:
Can't wait to spend the day discussing agriculture and the Farm Bill at the Senate Rural Summit. Watch live here:
W/small biz owners. Folks browse, then buy online b/c internet vendors don't collect taxes owed. We need the Marketplace Fairness Act.
Great meeting w/ NDSU Extension Service.  Discussed the important work they do in North Dakota.
Full maiden speech video. I discuss North Dakota, agriculture, energy, marketplace fairness, Indian Country.
In my 1st #Senate speech, I spoke about where I come from. It speaks a lot to what I believe & how I will vote.
Rest in peace, Marv Bossart. Spent many nights learning about the news of the day from him on WDAY TV News
Please tune in for my maiden Senate floor speech today at 9:15 a.m. CT. Let me know what you think. Watch here:
On Senate floor this week working on Marketplace Fairness. North Dakota businesses deserve a level playing field!
On Earth Day, two North Dakota water districts are receiving important federal funding.
As a former flagger on my dad’s highway crew, I am proud to support National Work Zone Awareness Week.
This additional funding provides momentum to continue our push to provide long-term flood protection in North Dakota.
Thanks for stopping by the office today, Shiloh Christian School!
Congrats to Fargo teacher David Midgarden! You have made an impact on the lives of so many North Dakota students!
This conversation should be about what is in people’s minds, not about what is in their hands.
I commend Department of Defense (DOD) Sec for cancelling a non-combat award that would have outranked some combat medals.
Good conversation about issues in the beer industry with North Dakota beer distributors.
There were 37 North Dakotans registered for the Boston Marathon today. Keeping them all, their families, and everyone in the race area today in my thoughts and prayers.
My Minot office is closed today as well.
My Dickinson and Bismarck offices will be closed today due to snow. Stay safe out there!
Tomorrow is my 100th day as a Senator. I am proud of the work I have done so far for North Dakota. Video:
Jamestown’s Katrina Klett has been named the 2013 North Dakota Truman Scholar. Way to go, Katrina!
Told the Director of the Air National Guard how ideal North Dakota National Guard’s 119th Wing is for flying manned missions. 
 
 http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341357
Thanks to Dakota Community Bank and Trust's Good Neighbor Club for stopping by today!
It was great to see so many North Dakota students in the Capitol today!
At an United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs hearing working on Indian Country housing issues. Watch live:
The Postal Service made the right decision today to continue six-day delivery.
Great dialogue today about economic development in Indian Country. The summit was hosted by the Native American Contractors Association.
Discussed issues impacting rural mail delivery w/ Michael Leingang of Washburn and Jeff Norgaard of Bismarck
Congrats to Jamestown’s Luke Bowman, who won the North Dakota Geography Bee!
Today is Equal Pay Day. North Dakota women earn 73 cents for every $1 a man earns. I support the Paycheck Fairness Act because there should be equal pay for equal work. Like/share if you agree.
Back in DC with the ND Rural Water Association. North Dakota has serious water issues & I am committed to addressing them
NA
My Dickinson office will be closed today due to the no travel advisory. Be safe if you must go somewhere!
Thrilled 2 spend my day w/ North Dakota veterans. At the Fargo Air Museum honoring Korean War Era Veterans.
Great day for a Special Olympics North Dakota Polar Plunge in Fargo!
In speaking with North Dakotans from every corner of our great state, and much personal reflection, I have concluded the federal government should no longer discriminate against people who want to make lifelong, loving commitments to each other or interfere in personal, private, and intimate relationships.  I view the ability of anyone to marry as a logical extension of this belief. The makeup of families is changing, but the importance of family is enduring.
Interested in an internship in either my DC office or one of my North Dakota offices? I'm now accepting applications!
Talking housing in Valley City today
Listening to unique Indian Country housing issues with the Fort Berthold Housing Authority.
Getting an aerial view of the MHA Nation's beautiful tribal lands.
Look forward to spending the day with my friends at the Fort Berthold Reservation, where I will get an update on energy and housing.
Productive discussion in Williston about current housing issues, and plans for the future.
On the site of a new housing development in Stanley, North Dakota
Will be on the ground 2day discussing/viewing housing in two of the most heavily impacted areas of North Dakota, Stanley & Williston.
Hung out with a bunch of smart North Dakota students. They participated in a financial literacy camp
Met with Kirsten Baesler last week to hear about the work going on at the North Dakota Dept. of Public Instruction.
Getting input from folks who work tirelessly to meet housing demands in Minot
At Central Power Cooperative’s annual meeting in Minot. Chatting about Farm Bill and energy.
Discussing Minot flood recovery with Mayor Curt Zimbelman and other local leaders.
Another important step in Minot’s recovery from the devastating 2011 floods. Progress made, but still work to do.
Like many North Dakota communities, Bismarck is experiencing unique housing issues.
Chatting w/ North Dakota women who work with VAWA everyday
Will address the North Dakota Legislators today. Senate at 1:15 CT and House at 2 CT. Watch on Dakota Media Access
Interview about leadership opportunities for women before Leading Ladies Luncheon in Bismarck
How wonderful it is to be back home. Out of Washington, in North Dakota.
NA
Meeting with the Smart Grid team at Steffes Corporation
On KLTC radio talking: FarmBill, energy, and serving western North Dakota w/my new Dickinson office.
Proud to join Calumet and Montana-Dakota Utilities Co. at the Dakota Prairie Refinery groundbreaking.
I wouldn't expect Mayor Bloomberg to follow my advice on how to run NYC, and I don’t plan to follow his on what is best for North Dakotans.
Dickinson friends: I am holding an open house at my newly opened office today. Would love to see you. 4:15 pm MT.
Thrilled to be back in North Dakota. Going to spend my time crisscrossing the state to discuss solutions to our state's housing challenges.
Made progress on equal pay today.
Join me in welcoming North Dakota National Guard's 818th Engineer Company back to North Dakota!
Asked some tough questions at HSGAC hearing about North Dakota airport screening units. Watch the video here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9xoe9BcWLE
Check out this bipartisan plan 2 bring more doctors 2 rural areas. Working with Amy Klobuchar  Jerry Moran Senator Susan Collins
Will soon question a DHS official at hearing re North Dakota airport security. Watch live here:
A North Dakota honey producer stopped by this week. Did you know we have led the nation in production for 9 years?
An honor to meet Christopher Schauer, an EMT from Hettinger who was selected as a Star of Life by the American Ambulance Association
Met with Minot’s Task Force 21 to discuss ways to strengthen Minot Air Force Base
Met with officials today to discuss ways to strengthen Grand Forks Air Force Base. Warriors of the North-Grand Forks Air Force Base
North Dakota produces a substantial amount of pork. Also, did you know a pig can run a 7-minute mile?
In North Dakota, there are about 9.2 people per square mile & 25.3 head of cattle per square mile. You might have to read that twice.
Today is an important day, friends. Join me in saluting North Dakota agriculture on Ag Day 2013!
Was up bright and early with the National Small Business Association.
Example of EPA overreach. We need to encourage innovation in the coal industry & development of American energy
Friends in North Dakota: Please be safe out there. Check out this site for road info:
I had a great time at Prairie Public in Fargo on Friday!  Thanks guys! Catch the interview here:
In Fargo doing a live interview on @prairiepublic Tune in!
Big basketball weekend in ND. What is your favorite North Dakota State Basketball Tournament memory?
En route back to North Dakota for wknd. Honored to serve ND in the Senate, but miss being home all the time!
I had a frank and productive conversation with Sally Jewell today. We spoke about the many challenges that the Department of Interior faces in North Dakota, but also about the vast opportunities for collaboration that are in the best interests of the state and our citizens. Our broad discussion covered the need to accelerate permitting under the Bureau of Land Management on federal lands as well as energy development in North Dakota and the whole country. We have a real opportunity in this country to meet a large portion of our energy needs and  help address our debt and deficit issues by working with the oil and gas industry to ramp up production on land that they have already leased.  This should be done through an increased focus on addressing the backlog in permits and not burdening the industry with duplicative and costly federal regulations. I  made a point to drive home the message that the Secretary of Interior has a great responsibility to address the vast needs of Indian Country. I sincerely hope she will heed my advice to hold listening sessions with tribes if confirmed. I look forward to hearing more from Sally Jewell as she moves forward in the nomination process about how she would work with North Dakota on the many issues facing our state.
North Dakotans in town fighting for kids. As I told them, “what could be more important?” Parent Teacher Association
From today's discussion about small business legislation in the 113th Congress.
What are you doing this AM? Check out a live webcast discussion re small business legislation in the 113th Congress.
In 2011, ND oil & gas production accounted for $30 bil in econ activity. 41,000 full-time jobs, NDSU study finds.
Recorded this video with a proud & heavy heart. Happy North Dakota National Guard unit is home, but sad about those we lost.
With a group of smart, engaged North Dakota Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs students this morning.
As a UND alum, it was a blast hanging out with the University of North Dakota Alumni Association last night.
Nearly 100 Soldiers w/ the North Dakota National Guard's 818th Engineer Company (Sapper) are back on U.S. soil. Welcome home!
Some bright students from UND College of Business & Public Administration in DC this week.
Earlier today w/ ND Corn Growers. More North Dakota farmers are planting corn now than any time before!
Received a cool new helmet and some policy advice from Avery Hakstol, the daughter of University of North Dakota Men's Hockey Coach Dave Hakstol.
Enjoyed getting a Grafton, North Dakota update from Mayor Chris West and City Administrator Nick Ziegelmann.
Giving a speech to Eat Right Nutrition, the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. As the daughter of a school cook, this is special!
Happy Girl Scout Week! Many of North Dakota’s best and brightest participate in this organization and do so much good for our state!
Congrats to North Dakota National Guard's Col. Olson on being named new commander. Thanks to Col. Gibney for your great service.
Don’t forget to set your clocks this weekend!
Couple weeks ago I had a great dinner at the Grand Forks Olive Garden with my friend & Grand Forks Herald columnist Marilyn Hagerty.
If you see me smiling today, it is because I am so happy and proud that the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization is signed into law!
Advocated for Warriors of the North-Grand Forks Air Force Base, Minot Air Force Base, and North Dakota National Guard during meeting with U.S.Airforce.
Talked abt North Dakota’s energy relationship with our friendly neighbor to the north Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall
National Community Action Foundation gave me a plaque in honor of my Uncle Dennis, who dedicated his life to helping others through Lakes & Prairies Community Action Partnership
Kudos to Senator John Hoeven & Mark Pryor for introducing commonsense bill  2 improve school lunches. Looking fwd to working together on this.
North Dakotans with American Diabetes Association weather the rain & wind to stop by the office. Discussed efforts to stop diabetes
The federal gov may be closed b/c of a snowstorm, but you can bet the Heitkamp office is open and ready to serve the people of North Dakota!
Listening to concerns of North Dakota Vfw.   Will use their input to shape policies that work for veterans.
Lots of my fellow Senators asking if I am ready for the DC snowstorm, I say it can’t be worse than a beautiful spring day in North Dakota :)
Just met with Bismarck State College-beyond President Dr. Larry Skogen. Asked him how we can translate BSC’s success to other schools around the country.
With Greg Brokaw of Ashley, North Dakota and Traci Bruckner from the Center for Rural Affairs. Greg agrees we need a long-term Farm Bill!
One of my favorite North Dakota agriculture events starts today! Have fun at the North Dakota Winter Show everyone!
Besides being forced to hang out with Joel, it was great discussing agriculture and energy on 790 KFGO-AM
Just spoke to the National WIC Association about nutrition. Will work on this issue on the Senate Ag Committee
The North Dakota Air National Guard recognizes the outstanding airmen of the year. Congrats!
Looking forward to hearing more from Dr. Moniz regarding his views on an all-of-the-above approach to energy.
Severe weather in North Dakota. Please be careful and visit http://www.dot.nd.gov/travel-info-v2/ for travel conditions.
Pleased the State Department has taken the next step towards what should be the eventual approval by the President of Keystone XL.
I applaud the House for passing the Senate version of Violence Against Women Act. Great news for Native American women and all North Dakota families.
From this afternoon’s meeting with the Credit Union Association of the Dakotas.
Questioning CFTC Chairman Gensler at today’s Senate Ag hearing.
Discussing heifers, hats and the Farm Bill with a rancher today.
Had a blast talking energy with Senator Joe Manchin III this morning on Panhandle Live
Congrats to Senator Cantwell on being elected first female chair of the United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. Let's get to work!
Proud 2 join the bipartisan Senate Law Enforcement Caucus. Excited to work with co-chairs U.S. Senator Chris Coons & Senator Roy Blunt
From the National Indian Education Association summit. Will use seat on the United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs to improve Indian Country education
Discussed with Disabled American Veterans ways we can improve the lives of veterans.
At Senate Banking Executive Session this morning. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will deliver his semiannual report to Congress. Watch live:
Gave a speech about North Dakota energy to natural gas and oil producers today.
Had a blast catching up with my good friends at 107.9 The FOX
RIP Dakota Conrad. A special dog with friends from Bismarck to Washington.
Completed my VAWA tour. Going to take the input to DC to continue pushing for VAWA to be signed into law.
Beautiful welcome at today's Violence Against Women Act discussion in Devils Lake, North Dakota at Lake Region State College
Will chat with Terry Dullum on WDAZ TV live at 5 p.m. Tune in!
It was my pleasure to present Gold Medal winner Tommy Mikkelson with an American flag that flew over the U.S. Capitol.
Had an important VAWA meeting today in Grand Forks. Heard about the need to get this reauthorization signed into law.
Looking forward to discussing the Violence Against Women Act in Grand Forks today.
Learning about some of the innovative research going on at North Dakota State University
From today's Farm Bill meeting with North Dakota ag leaders, Senator Hoeven, and Congressman Cramer.
Very helpful input at my Fargo VAWA discussion
Fun chat about leadership with women from Sundog this morning in Fargo
In Jamestown yesterday, we talked about domestic violence in rural communities and the strain on law enforcement and advocacy groups to adequately respond.  This is a common theme across our state and we must work together on all levels to find solutions.  The first step is to urge the House to pass VAWA.
Senator Heitkamp Discussing VAWA at United Tribes Technical College this morning
Looking forward to my VAWA discussions in Bismarck and Jamestown tomorrow. Will discuss how important the law is to North Dakota families.
A quality postal service is essential for North Dakotans and I am going to fight to make sure we get a fair shake.
Had great discussion with Lt. Gen. Kowalski. Agreed that Minot Air Force Base servicemembers are some of the best in our military!
Just named chair of Senate Ag subcommittee. Great spot to advocate for North Dakota energy, housing, econ development.
I was honored to have Adrienne join me in Washington this week, she is a hero in so many ways. I have the privilege every day to represent North Dakota servicemembers and their families, and I look forward to working tirelessly on their behalf.
First Senate Ag hearing this morning. I will fight for North Dakota's interests on the committee.
Ran into Lisa Murkowski at the National American Indian Housing Council meeting. Looking forward to working together on these issues.
Discussed agriculture policy with Shawn Schafer, a deer farmer from Turtle Lake.
NA
My reaction to the President's State of the Union speech http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hP5jIxRUzYk&feature=youtu.be
Here is what I am hoping the President addresses at tonight's State of the Union.
So excited to have cosponsored and voted for the Violence Against Women Act which passed the Senate today! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng_f88xNCng&feature=youtu.be
I'm looking forward to sitting with Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire at the State of the Union tonight as a symbol of the sort of bipartisanship we need more of in the Senate.
With Adrienne Linde and Senator Hoeven at Army Staff Sgt. Clinton Romesha's Medal of Honor ceremony in the White House.
Proud to invite Adrienne Linde, whose husband was tragically killed in action with the North Dakota National Guard, to the State of the Union
Excited to announce my State of the Union guest at 3 p.m. CT!
Watch North Dakota's Clinton Romesha receive the Medal of Honor now: http://www.whitehouse.gov/live/president-obama-awards-clinton-romesha-medal-honor
On my way to the White House to see North Dakota’s Clinton Romesha receive the Medal of Honor.
Congrats to the ND NationalGuard members who represented North Dakota well in the U.S. Army Markmanship Unit's U.S. Small Arms Championship.
The State of the Union address is on Tuesday night. What are you hoping to hear the President speak about? Tell me by commenting below or tweeting @SenatorHeitkamp.
I am able to bring one guest to the State of the Union and I have made my selection! Stay tuned for more information about this impressive individual.
Talked education issues with Dakota Draper of the North Dakota Education Association and Alicia Bata of the National Education Association
Discussed Postal Service reform and Farm Bill with Prairie Public Radio this afternoon. Working extensively on both issues for North Dakota.
Great news for North Dakota energy! Helping get this done is an important priority for me.
Looking forward to watching Minot’s Clint Romesha, who will receive the Medal of Honor next week, tonight on CNN at 9 CT.
Had a great discussion with Delore Zimmerman and Roger Reierson about the innovative work going on in the Red River Valley Research Corridor.
Just met with Twila Martin Kekahbah, a member of the Housing Assistance Council Board about improving rural housing conditions.
The bill I introduced today with Senator Hoeven meets a need for the Bureau of Land Management & the industry in western North Dakota.
An open dialogue with North Dakotans is very important to me. Since taking office last month, I've sent over 1,000 responses to constituents.
Looking forward to learning more about Interior Secretary nominee Sally Jewell's priorities, especially for Indian Country & energy
Way to go, Blaine! Your state is proud of how well you did!
20 years ago the Family and Medical Leave Act became law. Share how the FMLA has been helpful to you.
Just voted to move the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act forward. The bill includes special provisions to improve the protection of women in Indian Country.
Held a great meeting with my Ag Advisory Committee today in Bismarck. Going to use the input to continue to push for a farm bill on the Senate Ag Committee.
Congrats to Tommy Mikkelson of Grand Forks. He won gold for Team USA. Way to go, Tommy!
Minot and the surrounding communities have made great strides on the road to full recovery thanks to the resilience of their residents and the efforts and cooperation of federal, state and local agencies,. However, unmet needs still exist and we will continue to work through HUD and other federal agencies to advance flood protection and recovery efforts in disaster affected regions of North Dakota. http://www.heitkamp.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339522
Sent a letter to USDA: make sure that American families know where their meat comes from. http://1.usa.gov/XNwf0q
Grand Forks Mayor Brown stopped by today!
Official Office Locations:  It is important that every North Dakotan knows how to contact me and my staff, and knows where they can find the closest constituent office in North Dakota. We’re here to serve the people of North Dakota, whether they need help with a federal agency or have concerns about legislation in the Senate. I am pleased to have five offices open across the state, in hopes to be as accessible and responsive as possible. I've already heard from many constituents from all over the state and I encourage all North Dakotans to use my offices and website as a resource and to let us know your thoughts on pending legislation and important issues.  My official website (www.heitkamp.senate.gov) will also serve as a resource for the constituents of North Dakota.  Office locations are:  Bismarck:  228 Federal Building.,  220 East Rosser Avenue Bismarck, ND 58501  Main Line: 701-258-4648  Fax: 701-258-1254  Fargo:  306 Federal Building  657 Second Avenue North  Fargo, ND 58102  Main Line 701-232-8030  Toll-free line: 1-800-223-4457 Fax: 701-746-6449  Dickinson:  40 1st Ave West, Suite 202  Dickinson, ND 58601  Main Line: TBA Fax: TBA  Grand Forks:  33 South Third Street, Suite B  Grand Forks, ND 58201  Main Line: 701-775-9601  Fax: 701-746-1990  Minot:  105 Federal Building  100 First Street SW  Minot, ND 58701  Main Line: 701-775-9601  Fax: 701-746-8196  Washington, DC: (Temporary office location) G-55 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington, DC 20510 Main Line: 202-224-2043 Fax: 202-224-7776
I represent the great state of North Dakota, where there's a little coffee table in every house and community with all sorts of people who don't agree, but they sit down and come together to get things done, and Congress should take a lesson. We have to step up and use our voices.  http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/power-players-abc-news/sen-heidi-heitkamp-defiant-democrat-115938898.html
Great seeing Al Jaeger in DC!
"Sticking to one of her top priorities...Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.) signed on as a co-sponsor to the Senate Farm Bill"  http://www.willistonherald.com/news/heitkamp-signs-on-to-farm-bill/article_94bd6002-670a-11e2-a5ab-001a4bcf887a.html
Chatting with students from Turtle Mountain is a great way to wrap up the day. They represented North Dakota and Turtle Mountain when they walked in the Inaugural Parade earlier this week. So glad they stopped by before heading home!
USDA Sec. Vilsack stopped by my office today to talk agriculture in North Dakota.
I just ran into the North Dakota outgoing Senate Page and her family in the Capitol!
I just agreed to cosponsor the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). I'm especially pleased the 2013 bill includes a clause specifically on the violence against native women. The VAWA Reauthorization strengthens existing programs to address the ongoing crisis of violence against women in tribal communities, who face rates of domestic violence and sexual assault much higher than those faced by the general population. The legislation narrowly expands concurrent tribal criminal jurisdiction over those who assault Indian spouses and dating partners in Indian country, clarifies jurisdiction for civil protection orders, and strengthens Federal assault statutes.
Today, I joined my Senate colleagues John Hoeven (R-N.D.), Max Baucus (D-Mont.) and a bipartisan group of U.S. Senators in a news conference announcing that we sent a letter to President Obama urging him to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline following Nebraska Governor Dave Heineman’s approval of the new route through Nebraska this past Tuesday.   The letter had a total of 53 Senators signed on, Senators Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), Mark Pryor (D-Ark.), John Cornyn (R-Texas), Mary Landrieu (D-La.), David Vitter (R-La.), Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), and Ted Cruz (R-TX) also joined the news conference.
Look what I found while going through my Inauguration pictures- my statemate, Senator John Hoeven taking pictures too!
Today, I co-sponsored my first bill in the Senate. We need a five-year Farm Bill to provide economic certainly to North Dakota’s farmers. This bill is absolutely critical to North Dakota, and I'm making it a top priority.
David Borlaug and his daughters stopped by my DC office this morning- great having a little bit of North Dakota in DC!
Way to go Dakotas! I'm a proud graduate of North Dakota public schools! Graduation rates above average in the Dakotas http://shar.es/CfwNR
In case you missed it, I sat down with Norah O'Donnell, Senator Amy Klobuchar, and Senator Susan Collins to talk about the record number of women in the Senate.  http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=50139475n
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day and happy Inauguration Day!
Kurt Luger of Great Plains joined Senator Heitkamp at NIGA today in Washington. He presented the Senator with a necklace his wife made for her.
Sat down with CBS's Norah O'Donnell and Senators Amy Klobuchar and Susan Collins to talk about the record number of women in the US Senate.
Sat down with CBS's Norah O'Donnell and Senators Amy Klobuchar and Susan Collins to talk about the record number of women in the US Senate.
North Dakotans traveling to D.C. for the Inauguration: Senator Heitkamp's office will be open tomorrow between 1-3pm (EST) for ticket pick up and a small reception. Please stop by G-55 in Dirksen!
http://www.politico.com/story/2013/01/heidi-heitkamp-profile-86139.html
A true North Dakota hero.
Members of North Dakota tribes to walk in inaugural parade  http://www.inforum.com/event/article/id/386225/
Senator Heitkamp is working hard to get state offices up and running as quickly as possible. Office locations are:  Bismarck Office: 228 Federal Building 220 East Rosser Avenue Bismarck, ND 58501 (701) 258-4648  Grand Forks Office: 33S. 3rd St., Suite B  Grand Forks, ND 58201 (701) 775-9601  Fargo Office: 306 Federal Building  657 Second Avenue North Fargo, ND 58102 (701) 232-8030  Minot Office: 105 Federal Building 100  First Street SW Minot, ND 58701 (701) 852-0703  Dickinson Office: Coming soon.  Washington, DC Office: G-55 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington, DC 20510 (202) 224-2043
NA
http://bismarcktribune.com/news/local/heitkamp-responds-to-attack-ads/article_a036c128-59e3-11e2-89e8-001a4bcf887a.html
North Dakotans interested in attending the Inauguration should contact my Washington office, 202-224-2043. See link below for more information. http://www.inaugural.senate.gov/
I am so honored and humbled today to be sworn in to the United States Senate representing the great state of North Dakota. I could not have asked for a better way to begin my time in the Senate, than to have Senators Conrad and Dorgan by my side, two remarkable men who were magnificent public servants while serving the people of North Dakota in the United States Senate. I look forward to getting right to work for the people of North Dakota as we look to tackle some major issues facing our state and country in the weeks and months ahead.
