“Stephanie Riley had an incredible commitment to service for her country and state. She was a brave and courageous fighter and I was deeply saddened to learn of her passing. My thoughts are with her family and friends.”   -JS
“Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas!"  -JS
“Wishing everyone in New Hampshire and across the country a very happy holiday season!”  -JS
“The Capital Region Food Program and its volunteers do incredible work for families in the area. Their Holiday Food Basket Project makes a real difference for thousands of families during the holiday season. Thank you to the nearly one thousand volunteers who make this effort possible.”   -JS
Welcome policy change from The United States Department of Justice to protect those who suffer workplace discrimination based on gender identity. Today’s announcement is an important step toward ending workplace discrimination.  -JS
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of Pease Development Authority Executive Committee Chairman Art Nickless:  “I had the pleasure of working with Art since I appointed him to the Pease Development Authority when I was governor and am saddened to learn of his passing. Art was a dedicated public servant who advocated tirelessly for the Seacoast. His passing is a true loss for the region and state. My thoughts are with his family and friends.”
The government spending bill passed over the weekend includes an important provision championed by Senator Shaheen that expands basic reproductive health care access to female Peace Corps volunteers.   Read more about Senator Shaheen’s efforts here: http://wapo.st/1z0PR4r
"A happy first night of Hanukkah to everyone celebrating in New Hampshire and around the world!"  -JS
This year Senator Shaheen nominated 41 New Hampshire students to the United States Service Academies. The nominees will next be considered by the U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy and West Point.  “These young men and women are already making valuable contributions to their communities and have demonstrated an incredible commitment to service. It’s an honor to recognize and nominate each of them.”  -JS  A full list of this year’s nominees is available here:
NA
Great news! Last night the Senate unanimously cleared an important energy efficiency measure introduced by Senator Shaheen. The provision will result in significant savings for both businesses and consumers. Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=5bff81b9-17b1-4217-bb65-8c21b078fbc3
"We need more women in our government because 100 women in Congress is not enough. When we have more women involved in decision making, we have a more collaborative process, more openness to compromise and ultimately, a more results-driven approach. We should all work towards making parity a reality at both the federal and local levels."  -JS  This morning Senator Shaheen participated in a panel discussion with Senator Susan Collins, Senator-Elect Shelley Moore Capito and Representatives Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Renee Ellmers about the importance of women in politics. The panel was part of Politico's Women Rule Summit in Washington, DC.
“Remembering the brave Americans who lost their lives 73 years ago today at Pearl Harbor. Forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of all our service men and women.”   -JS
“Comparing a pregnancy to an ‘off-the-job injury’ is appalling. Women represent a critical part of our workforce, and I’ll continue to fight for their right to receive reasonable workplace accommodations that allow them to continue a healthy pregnancy while providing for their families.”  – JS
Today Senator Shaheen along with Senators Cantwell and Gillibrand, announced that the Women’s Small Business Procurement Parity Act has been included in the FY2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Their legislation would encourage women’s entrepreneurship and give women-owned small businesses more opportunities to win federal contracts.  “While women continue to make significant strides in our economy, they are still under represented as small business owners and federal contractors. This provision will help women-owned small businesses in New Hampshire and across the country win federal contracts, encouraging greater small business ownership by women and economic growth across the board. I hope we can pass this bill and send it to the President as quickly as possible.”  -JS   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1yj4ll1
“A woman should never have to face a choice between her job and pregnancy. Women are a crucial part of our workforce, and they have every right to receive reasonable workplace accommodations to continue a healthy pregnancy while providing for their families and contributing to the economy.”  -JS  As the Supreme Court hears oral arguments in Peggy Young v. UPS, a pregnancy discrimination case, Senators Shaheen and Casey called on the Court to protect working pregnant women across the United States. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1yOrOJt
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving holiday with family and friends.   I encourage people in New Hampshire to visit http://www.readynh.gov/ for winter storm safety and preparedness tips and to please use caution when traveling to see loved ones.   -JS
Today at stops in the North Country, Senator Shaheen discussed jobs supported by tourism and clean energy.   Senator Shaheen toured the interactive science exhibit at the Mount Washington Observatory Weather Discovery Center in North Conway where she discussed New Hampshire’s tourism industry, and later met with employees at Burgess BioPower in Berlin. At both locations, Shaheen discussed how to create and support North Country jobs.
ICYMI: In Concord Monitor, Senator Shaheen discusses her vote on Keystone XL.
ICYMI: The Washington Post Editorial Board calls on the Senate to take up Senator Shaheen's and Senator Portman's bipartisan energy efficiency plan. Shaheen-Portman would create nearly 200,000 jobs, reduce pollution and save taxpayers billions of dollars.
NA
“Today we gather across New Hampshire and the country to remember the brave men and women in uniform who put themselves in harm's way to protect our country and our way of life. New Hampshire has a proud tradition of service, and our veterans represent the best of our state. To all of our veterans, and to all of our servicemen and women who are serving around the world to this day, I want to thank them for all their sacrifices."   -JS
"Congratulations to Janetos Market in Dover on its 90 years of business!"  -JS
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of former New Hampshire Senate President David Nixon.  “Dave was a dear friend whose love for New Hampshire was evident in everything he did. I appreciated his counsel over the years and all of his dedicated service for our veterans. He spent his entire career as a lawyer and public servant fighting for the most vulnterable among us. His heart was big and his voice was strong. He will be missed, and my thoughts are with his family and friends."
“I am deeply saddened by the loss of my dear friend Mayor Tom Menino, and I join all of New England in mourning his passing. Tom was an institution in Boston and a dedicated public servant who never lost sight of the people he served.   I had the pleasure of working with Tom during my years as governor and senator, and I am lucky to have been able to call him a close friend. My heart goes out to his friends, family and our neighbors in Boston as we remember his life and legacy.”  -JS
Senator Shaheen attended the 7th Annual Veterans Count Salute Our Soldiers Breakfast this morning to recognize the selfless work of New Hampshire Easter Seals and Veterans Count. Veterans Count provides timely financial assistance and services to New Hampshire veterans, service members and their families when no other resources are available.  Organizations like Veterans Count provide critical support to veterans and their families. Please like to join Senator Shaheen in thanking them for all that they do!
At the University of New Hampshire’s (UNH) Manchester STEM Discovery Lab this morning, Senator Shaheen discussed the importance of education in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) with STEM Ambassadors.   “Initiatives like UNH’s STEM Ambassadors program put us on the right track for economic success,” Shaheen said. “Jobs in STEM fields are predicted to be the fastest growing occupations in next decade, and with continued investments and commitments to STEM education, we can make sure we have a homegrown talent supply that can drive our economy in the future.”  The STEM Ambassadors program offers a comprehensive approach to supporting students at Central and Memorial High Schools in Manchester while also engaging their teachers, family and members of the broader community.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1xhUpnt
"We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to the men and women who have served in uniform, and I am honored in sharing the Traveling Vietnam Memorial Wall with our veterans and their families. The Traveling Wall displays our profound thanks to the men and women who have served our country. I hope that for our veterans, their families and all Americans, the Traveling Wall provides an opportunity to heal and remember loved ones."  -JS
This morning in Hudson, Senator Shaheen took part in a ceremony and ribbon cutting celebrating the grand opening of Comcast’s new Hudson Care Center. The new state-of-the-art customer care center currently employs more than 120 people and expects to reach 200 employees by the end of the year, with plans to expand to 600 employees in the future.
“LIHEAP provides an indispensable lifeline for low-income families and seniors in New Hampshire during the cold winter months, and we are pleased HHS has acted quickly,” Shaheen and Ayotte said about today’s release of more than $23 million for LIHEAP in New Hampshire. “October marks the start of the home heating season, and this preliminary release of funds will help protect Granite Staters who need assistance from being forced to choose between paying to heat their homes or for necessities like food and medicine.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1w9iWN3
A new study from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development confirms what Granite Staters have known for years: New Hampshire is great place to live and raise a family. The new study rates New Hampshire’s quality of life as the best in the U.S.!   
“We cannot thank the men and women of New Hampshire’s law enforcement enough for their sacrifice and commitment to keeping our communities safe. They put their lives on the line every day for us and I’m honored to recognize their extraordinary service.”  -JS
NA
“Honored to join New Hampshire veterans in Boscawen this weekend at the at the annual New Hampshire VFW and Ladies Auxiliary POW and MIA Recognition Day Ceremony. We owe it to the brave men and women who wear our uniform in battle and to their families to search for every single one who is missing in action and to not stop until every prisoner of war is freed.”  -JS
Senator Shaheen announced today the approval of Drug Free Communities (DFC) Support Program funding from the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) to address New Hampshire’s heroin and prescription drug epidemic as well as her cosponsorship of bipartisan legislation to combat synthetic drugs designed to mimic the effects of controlled substances and circumvent existing federal drug laws. Communities throughout New Hampshire will receive DFC funding support, which Shaheen had called for earlier this year to educate about the dangers of drug abuse to ultimately reduce youth substance use.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1mmAfIv 
This afternoon Senator Shaheen called for passage of the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act to help borrowers in New Hampshire and across the country manage their student loan debt. The legislation, of which Shaheen is an original cosponsor, would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to refinance at lower interest rates. Senate Republicans later blocked a motion to advance the bill.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1u47yir
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after equal pay legislation was voted down in the Senate 52-40:  “Paying women less than their male counterparts for equal work hurts women, families and the economy in New Hampshire and across the country. Pay discrimination needs to end, and Republicans in the Senate did a serious disservice to working women everywhere by putting politics ahead of doing what's right for the country. I’ll continue to fight for the Paycheck Fairness Act because women and families deserve better.”
Great to meet with the New Hampshire Housing Finance Authority and their Homeownership Fellows earlier this week to discuss making housing more affordable for New Hampshire families.
“Thirteen years ago this morning our nation was struck by a senseless act of terrorism that took the lives of nearly 3,000 people, including ten New Hampshire residents. I, along with every American, still remember the shock, horror and anger we felt as we watched the tragedy unfold. Today, we remember and honor the lives of those lost but also the courage and sacrifice of the first responders and the men and women who volunteered to serve our country and seek justice for those killed.   “September 11th also provides a reminder that we must be ever-vigilant in protecting our country, our people and our interests against evolving terrorist threats posed by extremist groups, including the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). We must remain resolved and determined to decisively destroy this terrorist group, because we cannot forget the tragedy of thirteen years ago."  -JS
“Our resolution mourns James and Steven, two outstanding journalists who pursued their profession under the most difficult and dangerous conditions in order to tell the stories that needed to be told,” Senator Shaheen said of the bipartisan resolution the Senate unanimously approved. “We will never forget their bravery, and we must hold ISIS accountable for their despicable and cowardly acts of terrorism. The terrorists who murdered James and Steven are deeply mistaken if they think their barbaric acts will lessen America’s resolve.”  The bipartisan resolution sponsored is by Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Bill Nelson (D-FL), Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and honors the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff. The resolution strongly condemns ISIS and recognizes the significant contributions Foley and Sotloff made “through their courageous reporting of events in Libya, Syria and elsewhere,” and calls for the immediate and unconditional release of all hostages held by ISIS.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1slfZaN 
Tonight, Senator Shaheen and Senator Ayotte announced that the U.S. Department of Transportation will award $25 million in grant funding for the replacement of the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge.  “This is terrific news for New Hampshire and especially the Seacoast region, which relies on the Sarah Long Bridge for interstate travel and commerce," Shaheen and Ayotte said. "The replacement of this aging infrastructure will help support transit and economic activity in New Hampshire and Maine, as well as national security needs at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard."   Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=BF0C74E3-E5F8-4D6B-8DE5-7E447F3098A1
This evening, Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor in support of her bipartisan resolution honoring the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, who were brutally murdered by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) terrorists. The resolution is co-sponsored by Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Bill Nelson (D-FL), Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and mourns the loss of Foley and Sotloff and strongly condemns ISIS while calling for the immediate release of all hostages held by the terrorist organization.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1nGWrZb  
Senator Shaheen spoke at a ceremony at Pease Air Force Base yesterday to congratulate the men and women of the Air National Guard 157th Refueling Wing as well as the entire New Hampshire Air National Guard and New Hampshire National Guard on the official selection of Pease as the home for the new KC-46A Pegasus refueling tankers.   Senator Shaheen and the entire New Hampshire congressional delegation have advocated for nearly two years for Pease to be the final selection for  the project, which is estimated to create 100 jobs and invest millions in New Hampshire’s economy.   Please “LIKE” to congratulate Pease AFB!   http://1.usa.gov/1we9ZQY
Next week, Senator Shaheen, along with Senators Ayotte, Nelson and Rubio, will introduce a bipartisan resolution in the Senate to honor the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and condemn ISIS.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1twUmWS
This morning Senator Shaheen joined officials from New Hampshire and Maine in showcasing the vital contributions of the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard to the New England economy and national security during a visit by Vice President Joe Biden.  “The shipyard is an indispensable national security asset and economic engine that’s home to some of the most talented and dedicated workers in the country,” Shaheen said. “I think after today's visit, it was quite evident that there is exceptional work being done at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and that we should do everything we can to protect our shipyard and its workers."  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1BbGZMw  
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after reports indicate that American journalist Steven Sotloff, a graduate of Kimball Union Academy in New Hampshire, was murdered by ISIL terrorists:  "The brutal murder of Steven Sotloff by ISIL militants is yet another abhorrent act of terrorism and a tragedy for those who knew and loved Steven. Steven was an innocent journalist whose life was horrifically taken in another cowardly act of terrorism that sadly emphasizes the growing threat of ISIL to the region, Americans abroad and the world. ISIL must be stopped, and we must use every tool at our disposal, short of introducing ground forces in combat roles, to put an end to the threat they pose to our national security."
Senator Shaheen released the following statement celebrating Labor Day:   "Today I'm proud to recognize the working men and women whose hard work and dedication are the backbone of our economy and middle-class. As families and friends gather for barbeques and parades this Labor Day, I hope people across New Hampshire will join me to celebrate the contributions our workers have made to our country."
“We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to the men and women who have served our country in uniform, and the Bedford Hills Center delivers remarkable care to our veterans day in and day out. The new ‘Honor Wall’ is a beautiful way to celebrate the veterans of the Bedford Hills Center and I was humbled to participate in the dedication recognizing our veterans.”   -JS   Read more about the “Honor Wall” dedication ceremony at Bedford Hills Center here: http://1.usa.gov/1wOOjyU
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after an agreement to resolve the ongoing Market Basket standoff was announced last night:   "Market Basket stores are an important part of our communities and their return to normal operations is a win for their workers and people across New Hampshire. I was pleased to hear of the agreement and look forward to their workers being back on the job."
Don’t miss this morning’s editorial from the Washington Post that highlights the immediate need to address climate change. Here in New Hampshire we’re already experiencing consequences of climate change, and with the University of New Hampshire predicting that annual precipitation could increase 14 to 20 percent, potentially leading to more floods and storm damage, we can’t afford further inaction.   Read the Washington Post editorial here: http://wapo.st/1wwGGx5  
NA
NA
“Remembering James Foley today. Keeping his family and loved ones in my thoughts.” -JS  http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/20/us/james-foley-life/index.html 
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on on the murder of New Hampshire photojournalist James Foley by ISIL terrorists:  "James Foley was a respected and accomplished journalist who devoted his life to one of our most important freedoms – the freedom of press. Everyone who knew him recognized his dedication to his work and his commitment to sharing his eye-witness reporting of world events. His murder was a cowardly act of terrorism and underscores the threat that ISIL poses to the freedoms we hold dear. My thoughts are with the Foley family and everyone who knew and loved James, both in New Hampshire and around the world."
This afternoon Senator Shaheen and Agriculture Secretary Vilsack announced a $127,000 grant through the Value Added Producers Grant program for Miles Smith Farm in Loudon. The grant will provide the farm with important working capital that will be used to produce and distribute the farm's products. Shaheen and Vilsack also discussed additional important USDA programs that support New Hampshire's agriculture sector, local jobs, and the state's rural economy.    Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1AvS2zO
Great to have Susan Sylvester, president and chief financial officer of Absolute Resource Associates in Washington last month to advocate on behalf of women owned businesses and in support of my bill the Women's Small Business Procurement Parity Act.   Read more here: http://bit.ly/XkvSmq 
Last week, Senator Shaheen met with the North Country Veterans Council to discuss bipartisan legislation recently passed by the Senate to reform the VA and greatly expand health care access for New Hampshire veterans.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sYHtB4 
NA
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of political analyst and pollster Dotty Lynch:  "Dotty was a trailblazer for women in politics and was one of the most intelligent and hard-working people I've ever known. She loved politics with a passion because she knew campaigns were true vehicles for change and progress in our country. She was also a great friend of mine ever since we first met on Gary Hart's presidential campaign; in fact, she was one of the first people I called when I decided to run for Governor in 1996.  I was so sad to hear of her passing and will miss her dearly. My thoughts are with her entire family and everyone who knew and loved her."   -JS
NA
Senator Shaheen released the following statement this evening on the passing of former Public Service of New Hampshire President Gary Long:   "Gary was a dedicated, hard working, and passionate business and civic leader whose commitment to making New Hampshire a better place to live will not be forgotten. I was sad to hear of his sudden passing and my thoughts are with his family and loved ones."   -JS
Congratulations to the men and women of the 157th New Hampshire Air National Guard Air Refueling Wing and Pease Air National Guard Base on being the first selected to receive the  new KC-46A air refueling tankers. A source of pride for the Seacoast and all of New Hampshire! http://bit.ly/1r6qV8V
Senator Shaheen visited the North Country yesterday to tour the Littleton Community Based Outreach Clinic and meet with the North Country Veterans Council to discuss bipartisan legislation reforming the VA that will expand New Hampshire veterans’ access to health care, particularly those in the North Country. At stops in the region, Shaheen also discussed efforts to promote tourism, job creation and economic growth.   Read more about Senator Shaheen visit to the North Country and the VA reform bill here: http://1.usa.gov/1u1Gnbn
Senator Shaheen today welcomed the announcement by the Air Force that Pease Air National Guard Base – home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing – has been officially selected to receive the new KC-46A air refueling tanker.   “The official selection of Pease to be the home of the KC-46As is a testament to the 157th Air Refueling Wing’s exceptional record of service. Aerial refueling is a vital component of our military’s ability to operate around the world, and the new KC-46As at Pease will serve our national defense and local economy well for years to come. I want to congratulate all the men and women at Pease for this extraordinary recognition and look forward to continuing to support all of their efforts.”  -JS  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1vaEz1h  
This afternoon, Senator Shaheen visited with businesses in Salem and Hudson to highlight how expanding exporting opportunities for small businesses can help them grow and create New Hampshire jobs. Shaheen presented awards recognizing Corfin Industries and WS Badger for their excellence in exporting and toured Mercury Systems to highlight the importance of high-tech manufacturing.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1pB9A99
Senator Shaheen visited River Valley Community College this morning to highlight how job training programs like the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career Training Grant Program (TAACCCT) can bolster economic opportunity for local businesses and help prepare students for high-skill careers in the future.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement this evening on the passing of former First Lady Catherine Gregg:   "Catherine Gregg was a devoted mother and wife who as New Hampshire's First Lady, displayed the type of commitment and love for our state that eventually came to define the entire Gregg family. The fact that her service continued for decades after she and former Governor Gregg left office underscored just how deeply she cared about New Hampshire. My thoughts are with the Gregg family during this difficult time."    -JS
“We owe our veterans a tremendous debt of gratitude and they deserve nothing less than convenient, quality, accessible health care. The historic legislation we passed last night will help make that a reality. I’ve worked in a bipartisan fashion for years to expand access to care for New Hampshire veterans and I’m proud to have helped pass legislation that will allow our vets to receive quality care in their local communities.”  -JS  Read more about the bipartisan VA reform bill and Senator Shaheen’s visit to the Merrimack VFW here: http://1.usa.gov/1xM1jAJ
“I’m so glad to know that Meriam and her family have finally arrived safely in Manchester. No one should ever have to undergo the hardships they’ve experienced in recent months because of Meriam exercising her basic right of religious freedom. Her imprisonment and death sentence represented an abhorrent violation of fundamental human rights, but her strength in the face of such adversity was truly inspirational.”  -JS  To read more about Senators Shaheen and Ayotte welcoming Meriam Ibrahim and her family to Manchester, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1xHAQ7j
“Great to meet Manchester native Alexis Ploss today! Alexis is in Washington discussing efforts to lower the burdens of student loan debt, including an important plan to give borrowers the chance to refinance their student loans just like they can with car loans or mortgages.”  -JS  Read more about Senator Shaheen’s efforts to address student loan debt here: http://1.usa.gov/1l4zJvQ
“Female service members deserve access to the same basic health care as the women they protect and it’s unacceptable that they don’t. Giving women in the military access to basic preventative health care, including contraception and family planning counseling, will strengthen our military as a whole. And it will make sure that women who get their health insurance from the military never have to worry about how they're going to pay for their contraception.”  -Senator Shaheen   Read more about and share Senator Shaheen's bill at the link below. 
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen met with state and local officials in Pelham and Nashua to discuss the importance of infrastructure investments and the impact these investments will have on New Hampshire’s economy and public safety.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qHR6Hu
NA
Taxpayers shouldn’t be footing the bill for companies that ship jobs overseas. Like and share this video if you agree.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNeW26283sw
NA
Senator Shaheen met with Robert McDonald, the President’s nominee to serve as Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), earlier today where she reiterated her call for sweeping reforms at the VA in order to address the recent mismanagement scandal.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qxaiaR
Senator Shaheen presented long-overdue service medals to the family of World War I veteran Frank A. Silva today at the American Legion Post # 37 in Hooksett. Senator Shaheen was joined by state military and veteran services officials to present the service medals to Commander Frank Silva and Kathleen Talley, the son and daughter of Frank A. Silva.  Read more about Frank A. Silva’s service here: http://1.usa.gov/Ugfh0P
“Women, not their employers, should be in charge of decisions about their health care, and I’m disappointed that we couldn’t pass legislation today that would’ve strengthened protections of this right. The ‘Not My Boss’ Business Act’ was common sense legislation that would have kept employers out of the health care decisions of their employees and I’ll continue to fight for its passage because women should be able to make their own health care decisions without employer interference.”  -JS  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/WbmOiN 
Senator Shaheen spoke on the senate floor this morning to call for passage of the Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act, also known as the “Not My Boss’ Business Act.” The legislation, introduced in response to the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby Stores decision, would make sure that no employer who provides group health insurance coverage to its employees can deny specific health benefits, including contraception coverage, to employees or their dependents.  Watch here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-itQOkW073c 
“One of the best parts of my job is being able to help cut through red tape to get veterans the recognition they deserve. I’m honored to have worked with the New Hampshire Chapter of American Ex-Prisoners of War to help award Purple Hearts to our Granite State veterans.”  -JS   Read more about Senator Shaheen’s meeting with the New Hampshire Chapter of the American Ex-Prisoners of War here: http://1.usa.gov/1oYY9pM
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor today about the legislation she introduced this week to make child care more affordable.   Watch  to learn more about Senator Shaheen’s bill, the Helping Working Families Afford Child Care Act 
Today Senator Shaheen is co-sponsoring legislation in response to last week’s Supreme Court Hobby Lobby ruling that would protect women’s health care from employer interference. The Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act of 2014 would specifically make sure that no employer who provides group health insurance coverage to its employees can deny specific health benefits, including contraception coverage, to employees or their dependents.  LIKE and SHARE if you support keeping women, and not their employers, in charge of their own health care.
Affordable child care is a necessity for working families and our economy as a whole. Today Senator Shaheen introduced the Helping Working Families Afford Child Care Act to address the rising costs of child care and help working parents afford it  so they can get to work and support their families.   Read about it at the link below. 
Today I had a great visit to the Early Childhood Adventures Program at the Nashua Adult Learning Center where I discussed the rising cost of childcare.
“As we gather with friends and family around the state today to celebrate the Fourth, it is a perfect time to reflect on the freedoms we enjoy as Americans and give thanks to those who have sacrificed to defend them. To each and every one of our servicemen and women currently overseas, to all of our veterans, and to their families and loved ones – thank you all for your service and tremendous sacrifices. I want to extend a Happy Fourth of July to everyone across New Hampshire, around the country, and serving our nation overseas.”  -JS
NA
NA
Senator Shaheen met with state officials in Windham this afternoon to discuss the importance of replenishing the Highway Trust Fund so that projects like the I-93 expansion - which are critical to jobs and the economy - aren't delayed by funding lapses.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/V8OZOH
Good luck to the U.S. Men’s National Team this afternoon against Belgium! #OneNationOneTeam #IBelieve
Great to meet so many brave New Hampshire veterans at the Welcome Home Korean War Veterans Ceremony in Concord this weekend. Thank you for your service!
LIKE and SHARE if you agree that women should make health care decisions with their doctors, not their employer. Read my statement on the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling here: http://1.usa.gov/1k6c2iU 
Today Senator Shaheen and members of the New Hampshire Association of Realtors held a roundtable discussion on the current state of the New Hampshire real estate market and its impact on the New Hampshire economy. During the roundtable, Shaheen discussed her efforts to support the recovering housing market and affordable housing.   Senator Shaheen’s office has helped more than 1,200 Granite State families with issues related to their mortgages - including short sale assistance, stopping foreclosures and assistance obtaining mortgage modifications.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1iD84Ue
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Great to meet US Presidential Scholars from NH this afternoon. The Granite State is proud of your accomplishments!
The House Appropriations Committee today passed a provision that would bring health care coverage for Peace Corps volunteers in line with most other federal insurance programs, guaranteeing them access to abortion coverage in instances of rape, incest or if the life of the mother is at risk.   This is the same provision the Senate Appropriations Committee approved last week and makes good progress on Senator Shaheen’s Peace Corps Equity Act. Read more about the Peace Corps Equity Act here: http://1.usa.gov/1lN55aj  
Watch my floor remarks honoring NH Marine Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDc0xzvS-dI 
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor this evening to honor the memory of New Hampshire Marine Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant who was tragically killed in Afghanistan Friday. Shaheen underscored Garabrant’s selflessness, bravery and dedication to service. Read Shaheen’s remarks here: http://1.usa.gov/Tpig6P 
Deeply saddened to hear of the death of U.S. Marine Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant. Brandon was a hero in every sense of the word. He valiantly served our country and epitomized the bravery and sacrifice of every member of our armed forces, for which we will be forever grateful. I join the entire state of New Hampshire in extending my thoughts and prayers to his family and his loved ones. -JS
Last week, Senator Shaheen, New Hampshire’s Congressional delegation, and the New Hampshire State Society welcomed more than 40 New Hampshire businesses to the fifth annual Experience New Hampshire reception on Capitol Hill. The reception brought together businesses, organizations and policymakers to showcase Granite State small businesses and products.   Watch the video below and read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1poXx0L  http://bit.ly/1psoBud
In case you missed it: Senator Shaheen hosted Donald F. Tyler, Director of Salem’s Corfin Industries at a Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee hearing in Washington, DC yesterday, where the two discussed the importance of expanding export opportunities for small businesses which results in job creation and economic growth in New Hampshire.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sqxw3e
Great to meet with students from Laconia’s Holy Trinity School and Exeter High School who are in Washington, DC for the 2014 National History Day competition. You’ve all made New Hampshire proud!
Senator Shaheen met with John Shaw, CEO of Itaconix Corporation of Stratham, New Hampshire this afternoon to discuss their innovative work in biobased manufacturing at an event to highlight new technologies.
Good luck tonight to U.S. Soccer Men's National Team! #WorldCup
Experience New Hampshire
Wishing fathers and families a happy Father's Day today!
Experience New Hampshire
New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
“While it has been 51 years since the Equal Pay Act was enacted, making equal pay for equal work the law of the land, the fight for equality in the workplace isn’t over. Every day that pay discrimination persists is a day when we do an injustice to hardworking American women, and I’ll continue to fight to pass important pieces of legislation like the Paycheck Fairness Act on behalf of women in the workplace.”  –JS
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor earlier today to call for action on legislation to address the growing student loan debt crisis that is hurting the economy and families in New Hampshire and across the country. Shaheen called for swift passage of the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act and outlined the need for her amendment to help students manage their student loans.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1l4zJvQ    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUhFNEefHig
Senator Shaheen today is renewing her call for immediate action to address the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) crisis after a new report detailed systemic problems at VA facilities across the country including long wait times and mismanagement issues.   “The systemic problems at the VA are very troubling and require immediate action,” said Shaheen. “Our veterans deserve timely and accessible care and while the VA is taking steps forward, such as canceling bonuses like I have called for, the VA still has a long way to go. I will continue to work across the aisle to address the management crisis at the VA and implement necessary reforms, including mandating regular audits, in order to deliver on the promise we’ve made to our veterans.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hBfkip  
Senator Shaheen joined local, state and federal officials at Nanocomp Technologies this morning to celebrate the company’s expansion and tour the construction site for its new manufacturing facility. Nanocomp is tripling its manufacturing capacity and set to create new jobs in New Hampshire with the help of an $18.5 million grant from the Department of Defense (DoD).    Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1pg5aUD  
“Today we remember the bravery and selflessness of the American and Allied Forces that together stormed the beaches of Normandy 70 years ago. Thousands gave the ultimate sacrifice to begin the effort to liberate the oppressed people of Europe and defeat Hitler. We can never forget what they did that day and how they shaped the world forever.” -JS
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Senator Shaheen this morning toured Smuttynose Brewing Co.’s new facility with Smuttynose founder and president Peter Egelston to kick off New Hampshire’s summer tourism season and highlight the industry’s importance to the state’s economy.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1ooynLB
NA
Senator Shaheen honored those who have given their lives for our country at Memorial Day parades in Manchester and Plaistow. Shaheen delivered remarks at the Manchester ceremony commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War and honoring Vietnam veterans and the Plaistow ceremony.
“On this Memorial Day we honor the men and women who gave their lives in defense of our country. One way we can pay tribute to our fallen heroes is by renewing our commitment to taking care of veterans who make it home. New Hampshire has a proud tradition of military service, and I join with everyone across our state in remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our security and freedoms.”  -JS
"Such an honor to help two New Hampshire veterans get the long overdue recognition they've earned. Happy Memorial Day weekend." -JS  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tJFQShXJgY
Senator Shaheen this afternoon awarded service medals to two New Hampshire veterans, Maurice Lavigne and Raymond Lakeman, for their service during World War II and the Korean War. Both earned the medals during their service in the Navy.    More here: http://1.usa.gov/1gpU5zC
This morning Senator Shaheen College hosted a roundtable discussion on college affordability and the impact investments in higher education have on New Hampshire’s economy at Dyn in Manchester. Shaheen met with New Hampshire business and education leaders to discuss how her proposals to refinance student loans, help students better manage their debt, and lower costs for higher education will help create a stronger workforce in the future and boost the economy as a whole. Dyn has partnered with Southern New Hampshire University to help provide low cost degrees to students.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1jLrkhv
Staff from Senator Shaheen’s office will be in Pittsburg from 2:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. and Stewartstown from 3:30 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. tomorrow to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security.  Details available here: http://1.usa.gov/1lQejjK 
Officer Stephen Arkell’s life and career epitomized the heroism of our first responders, and today I join people across New Hampshire honoring his memory. My thoughts are with his family, his loved ones, the Brentwood Police Department, and the entire Brentwood community as we both mourn his loss but also celebrate his selfless service and sacrifice on behalf of our state.
Congrats to the Class of 2014! Honored to deliver the commencement address at Great Bay Community College today. #gbcc2014
Congratulations to Nannu Nobis of Nobis Engineering, Inc. who yesterday received the 2014 8(a) Graduate of the Year for Massachusetts and the New England region from the Small Business Administration!   The 8(a) honor is presented annually to a business that has graduated from the SBA’s 8(a) business development program for government contracting and has a proven track record of business success. #SBW2014
Congratulations to Blake's All Natural Foods President Chris Licata who was recognized today as the 2014 New Hampshire Small Business Person of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Administration! Chris helped transform the family-owned Blake’s into a national company that’s fueling economic growth.   Please like to congratulate Chris on this achievement! #SBW2014
The State Trade and Export Promotion (STEP) grant program gives small businesses in New Hampshire, such as Corfin Industries, LLC,  greater access to growing markets around the world. Exports provide small businesses a great opportunity to expand and create jobs, and National Small Business Week is a great time to highlight how we can do more to boost our economy. #SBW2014
Senator Shaheen met with representatives of the New Hampshire Police Association this afternoon to express her appreciation for their work on behalf of our state.
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
It’s National Small Business Week and programs like the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program have helped New Hampshire small businesses like Creare, Inc. grow. But don’t take it from us, see what Creare president Bob Kline-Schoder has to say. #SBW2014
Senator Shaheen honored the life and memory of Brentwood Police Officer Stephen Arkell on the Senate floor this afternoon. Arkell was tragically killed in the line of duty yesterday.   Watch her remarks here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMtLytbZg80&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA 
Saddened to hear of the tragic passing of Officer Steve Arkell this evening.  My thoughts are with his family, his loved ones, and the entire Brentwood community. -JS
National Small Business Week is a great opportunity to celebrate and recognize small businesses – especially in New Hampshire where small businesses make up 96 percent of all employers.  #SBW2014
NA
Happy Mother's Day!
On Monday the Senate will continue deliberation on Senator Shaheen’s energy efficiency bill the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act which will reduce pollution, save consumers billions and create jobs. While visiting the Berlin Housing Authority last year, President of the Northern Forest Center, Rob Riley described investments in energy efficiency as “a win-win for our economy and our environment”
Thoughts are with the kidnapped young women in Nigeria and their families. #BringBackOurGirls
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
As the Senate continues debating Senator Shaheen’s energy efficiency legislation that will create jobs, save consumers billions and reduce pollution, we’re continuing to highlight the broad support behind her bipartisan effort. Velcro Brand USA notes that the bill will “help homeowners and businesses use energy more efficiently, allowing them to realize significant savings as we have over the years.”
Today the Senate began debating the Shaheen-Portman Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act – bipartisan legislation that will create jobs, save consumers billions and reduce pollution.  The effort has been endorsed by numerous businesses and organizations, including New Hampshire Retail Association who said the bill will help companies lower their costs and grow their businesses.   To keep the momentum growing, we’ll be sharing endorsements of this bipartisan legislation throughout the week.
Great news: the Senate just voted to officially begin debate on Senator Shaheen’s bipartisan energy efficiency bill!   LIKE and SHARE if you think now is the time to invest in energy efficiency and create jobs, reduce pollution, and save consumers billions!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after Executive Councilor Debora Pignatelli announced her retirement:  “For almost 30 years Deb worked tirelessly on behalf of her constituents and her leadership in Concord will be missed. She has been a great friend of mine for many years and was a valued colleague when we served together in the State Senate. I wish her, her husband Mike, and her entire family the best as they begin the next chapter of their lives.”
Great to meet the men and women of the 238th MEDEVAC unit. Thank you for your service.
Senators Shaheen and Ayotte and Congresswoman Kuster hosted Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James this morning at Pease Air National Guard Base.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/PXkXud
With the Stanley Cup in 2012 when it was in Washington after the Bruins 2011 Stanley Cup victory. Good luck to the Bruins in game 1 tonight! #BeatTheHabs #TBT
NA
Office of Senator Jeanne Shaheen
"It's always great to see the brave men and women from New Hampshire's Air National and Army National Guard.  Grateful for their service." -JS
This afternoon Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor to call for an increase in the federal minimum wage from $7.25 per hour to $10.10. An increase in the minimum wage would result in a raise for more than 110,000 people in New Hampshire and help lift more than 10,000 Granite Staters out of poverty.  Watch here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bxuq70FsaeI&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA  
Senator Shaheen met with the Prospect Mountain High School’s FIRST Robotics Team to wish them luck as they head to St. Louis for the 2014 FIRST Championships. Shaheen then held two Earth Day roundtable discussions in Durham and Concord with New Hampshire environmental leaders and stakeholders to discuss the economic and environmental impact of climate change on New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1jFAYOs
“Earth Day provides a great reminder of the work we must do year round to address the threat of climate change. The economic and environmental consequences of inaction are very real, particularly for New Hampshire’s tourism industry, and we simply can’t afford to ignore this problem. We should act immediately on bipartisan plans to address this threat, starting with the energy efficiency legislation I’ve introduced with Senator Rob Portman. Our bill will help create jobs, save people billions, and reduce pollution by the equivalent of taking 22 million cars off the road – and I hope we can pass it in the coming weeks on behalf of our economy and environment.”  -JS  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1jFAYOs  
From my family to yours – wishing everyone a very Happy Easter!
Senator Shaheen met with New Hampshire law enforcement that responded to the Boston Marathon bombings on the one-year anniversary of the tragedy. Shaheen also visited Harbor Homes in Nashua.
Senator Shaheen hosted a roundtable discussion at the Derry Police Department this morning to discuss the growing heroin and prescription drug addiction epidemic in New Hampshire. The group discussed ways in which local, state and the federal government can coordinate to improve enforcement and treatment. The roundtable was the second Shaheen has hosted on the topic this month.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hKLQNn
Great news for NH and North Country veterans! Today Senators  Shaheen and Ayotte announced that the Department of Veterans Affairs has approved the opening of two VA health care sites in Colebrook and Berlin.   Learn more about the clinics set to open in Colebrook and Berlin this fall here: http://1.usa.gov/1j0u5qS 
"I'll never forget the shocking violence that struck Boston a year ago, but I'll also never forget what we saw in the aftermath - the courage of our first responders and the resiliency of a city struck by tragedy. We can never thank enough all those who helped Boston recover from the horrors of that day – the first responders, both law enforcement and medical, and the countless number of volunteers who banded together to help a community during one of its most vulnerable times. All of these men and women, along with the victims, their families, and their loved ones, are in my thoughts today." –JS #BostonStrong
Wishing a Happy Passover to all who are celebrating!
On the eve of tax day, Senator Shaheen reiterated her strong opposition to Internet sales tax legislation that would force New Hampshire, and other non-sales tax states, to collect sales tax for online sales.   “As people all across the country complete the annual task of filing their tax returns, Washington ought to be considering ways to cut red tape and bureaucratic obstacles,” Shaheen said. “Online sales tax legislation would impose new and unnecessary burdens on New Hampshire small businesses, at no benefit to Granite Staters or our economy, and I will continue fighting to make sure the online sales tax bill never becomes law.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1gWTXkQ  
Honored to welcome the 237th Military Police Company home from Afghanistan this afternoon at a Freedom Salute in Manchester. Thank you to the 237th for your service.
As part of her ongoing efforts to help combat New Hampshire’s heroin and prescription drug public health crisis, Senator Shaheen this morning raised concern with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) over a recently approved, controversial and potent narcotic – Zohydro ER (hydrocodone bitartrate).   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sNbzsP
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Paycheck Fairness Act failed to clear a procedural hurdle in the Senate:   “Today we had yet another opportunity to address the gender pay gap that has kept millions of American women from earning the same amount as their male counterparts, and I am disappointed that some in Congress blocked consideration of a common-sense plan to help address pay discrimination.  Eliminating the gender pay-gap is not just about women; it is about families, our economy and our future. Our job is not done, and as long as millions of American women continue to earn only 77 cents on average for every dollar earned by men, I’ll continue fighting to address this inequality.”  Yesterday, Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor and urged her colleagues to pass the measure:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmDH95M_-dk&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA  
Senator Shaheen released the following statement commemorating Equal Pay Day:   “Pay discrimination is not fair, is not right, and every day that it persists is a day when we do an injustice to hardworking American women. Equal Pay Day is a stark reminder that while we have made progress in the last several decades, pay discrimination continues to hurt women, families and the economy. As long as millions of American women continue to only earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men, we have to keep fighting. It’s time all Americans receive equal pay for equal work, and it’s time we pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.”  http://1.usa.gov/1e7VjOX 
U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) welcomed a bipartisan breakthrough in the Senate tonight that resulted in the long overdue passage of an extension of unemployment insurance, 59-38. The bipartisan legislation reauthorizes emergency unemployment insurance benefits for nearly 4,000 Granite Staters who have lost or will lose emergency unemployment benefits.  “Today’s vote is an important step forward for many in New Hampshire and across the country who are struggling to find work right now,” said Senator Shaheen. “For too long, partisan politics have stood in the way of providing relief for those who have been out of work through no fault of their own.”  “The House should immediately act on this bipartisan bill on behalf of the thousands of people in New Hampshire – and millions across the country – who desperately need these benefits to help them make ends meet while they search for a job.”   READ MORE HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1h9HQFQ 
NA
Senator Shaheen joined Governor Hassan and New Hampshire’s Congressional Delegation at the second annual Welcome Home Ceremony for Vietnam Veterans at White Mountains Regional High School on Saturday, April 5th.
Yesterday Senator Shaheen met with Bob Sculley, Executive Director of the Oil Heat Council of New Hampshire and President and CEO of the New Hampshire Motor Transport Association. The two discussed the reauthorization of National Oilheat Research Alliance (NORA) in the 2014 Farm Bill and Shaheen presented Sculley with a signed copy of the NORA bill. Read more about the importance of NORA here: http://1.usa.gov/1grpxqJ
Senator Shaheen at this morning’s Senate Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee hearing, called on U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to address New Hampshire’s growing heroin and prescription opioid abuse epidemic. Shaheen specifically asked Holder for federal assistance for local law enforcement and prescription drug monitoring to appropriately combat what has become a top public health issue in the Granite State. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1ouI53b  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiYt2XMilKk&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA
Great to meet so many Winter Olympians and Paralympians today including ski jumper Nick Fairall from Andover, NH. Team USA has made all of us proud!
Staff from Senator Shaheen’s office will hold office hours tomorrow in Jackson from 9:30 a.m. -11:00 a.m., Bartlett from 11:30 a.m. – 1:00 p.m. and in Conway from 2:00 p.m.-3:30 p.m. Staff is available to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. Details here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=2d591485-2f55-4f1f-9543-ba8ff07b6947
Senator Shaheen expressed her strong opposition to another round of Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) rounds while chairing the Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support this morning. Shaheen highlighted the negative impacts additional BRAC rounds would have on national security, jobs and the economy in New Hampshire. Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=f11116a9-d806-4dff-84b9-d6c23b328f61
Rooting for Piper Cronin of Rye Junior High! Piper is one of five finalists for the National Middle School Physical Education Teacher of the Year award – good luck on Friday! http://www.seacoastonline.com/articles/20140402-NEWS-140409944
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
NA
Senator Shaheen joined Safran Aerospace Composite officials this morning to celebrate the grand opening of their new facility in Rochester, NH. The new plant currently employs 130 people and expects to grow to between 400 and 500 employees by 2020. Shaheen helped secure funding for grants to train Granite Staters in advance manufacturing that were critical in helping bring Safran to New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hsOg2g
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after Governor Hassan signed bipartisan legislation expanding Medicaid in New Hampshire:  “I want to congratulate Governor Hassan, President Morse, Senator Larsen, Speaker Norelli, and all those involved in this historic accomplishment. The legislation Governor Hassan signed into law this afternoon showcases just how much we can accomplish when we work together on behalf of the people of New Hampshire.  This bipartisan plan is not only great for our economy but for a countless number of people across our state, including the approximately 50,000 people who now stand to receive health care, and I remain committed to doing everything I can to assist New Hampshire implement this plan.”
Thanks to everyone who took part in last night’s telephone town hall! Always great to hear from so many Granite Staters. -JS
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
NA
This afternoon, Senator Shaheen a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the former Chair of the European Affairs Subcommittee, spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon to call for passage of the Ukraine aid bill. In addition to providing $1 billion in loan guarantees for Ukraine, the bill also condemns the annexation of Ukrainian Crimea by Russia. More here: http://1.usa.gov/1mteO6V   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWMxIeIXNTE&feature=youtu.be  
Great news from Concord: the State House just passed a bipartisan Medicaid expansion plan that’s great for our economy and people across New Hampshire, including more than 50,000 who now stand to receive health care!  
Senator Shaheen will be hosting another telephone town hall on Wednesday, March 26th at 6:00 p.m. To receive a call to participate, sign up here before 6:00 p.m. tomorrow: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/ 
NA
Senator Shaheen visited Globe Manufacturing in Pittsfield this morning to learn about the equipment and gear they produce to keep firefighters safe on the job and highlight the importance of manufacturing to New Hampshire’s economy. More here: http://1.usa.gov/Ny1U8v
Seniors are disproportionately targets for fraud and abuse, which has been on the rise in recent years. Today Senator Shaheen hosted her third seniors information session to help raise awareness among seniors and give them the tools to help identify fraud and stop it in its tracks.   Please share with parents, grandparents, and the seniors in your life! 
My thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of Capt. Steve McKenna of the Salem Fire Department and the entire New Hampshire fire service community who lost a hero and a leader on Tuesday.   Capt. McKenna's years of service helped make the Granite State a safer place and he will not be forgotten.   -JS
"Women have made remarkable achievements and contributions to our country and economy ... but we have to do more, especially when it comes to supporting women entrepreneurs in New Hampshire and across the country."  -JS  Read about the women in business roundtable Senator Shaheen hosted at Hypertherm in Lebanon today. 
Senator Shaheen toured Red River Computer Company this afternoon in Claremont and discussed efforts to promote economic opportunities for New Hampshire veterans and veteran-owned small businesses. Shaheen highlighted the legislative package she recently introduced aimed at expanding veterans hiring and entrepreneurship. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1fFIVQo
Today we’re all Irish! Happy Saint Patrick’s Day to everyone!
Senator Shaheen introduced two pieces of legislation today to bolster economic opportunities for our nation’s veterans and small businesses. The Veterans Hiring Act and the Veterans Entrepreneurship Act, will create simple, immediate tax incentives for businesses that hire veterans and lower costs for veterans looking to start or grow small businesses. More here: http://1.usa.gov/1knx5zy 
Great news for New Hampshire women! Hope the State House passes it quickly so Governor Hassan can sign this legislation into law.
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
This morning Senator Shaheen reiterated her opposition to any online sales tax legislation that doesn’t exempt New Hampshire businesses. Shaheen issued her call in advance of a House Judiciary Committee hearing on proposed online sales tax legislation.   “Online sales tax legislation would put a huge burden on small businesses in New Hampshire that do business over the internet,” Shaheen said.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1izODGK 
Today on International Women's Day and every day, I am inspired and awed by the the remarkable achievements and contributions women have made around the world. I hope you will join me in commemorating this day that honors women and girls past, present, and future and pledge again to improve the lives of all people and fight inequality wherever it exists.  #IWD2014  -JS
I introduced a bipartisan Senate resolution commemorating the 106th International Women's Day, which will take place tomorrow, March 8, and recognizes the important achievements women have made around the world and reiterates an ongoing commitment to supporting and inspiring women and girls everywhere.
I’m disappointed the Military Justice Improvement Act this afternoon couldn’t secure the 60 votes it needed to advance but I’m not giving up. We have to reform our military justice system on behalf of victims and survivors of sexual assault. In case you missed it, earlier today I spoke on the Senate floor in support of this bill, watch here: http://youtu.be/2cRBgBR_hLU  
The State Senate's decision to pass a bipartisan Medicaid expansion plan is great news for our economy and people across New Hampshire, including 50,000 who now stand to receive health care. I hope the State House acts on this proposal quickly so that Governor Hassan can sign this bill into law.   Congratulations to President Morse, Senator Larsen, and Governor Hassan on this great bipartisan accomplishment. The hard work and compromise responsible for today's victory underscores just how much we can accomplish when we work together in good faith on behalf of New Hampshire.  -JS  http://apne.ws/1cdWdZ7 
Great news! The House passed bipartisan energy efficiency legislation this afternoon. Now it’s time for the Senate to do the same – LIKE and SHARE if you agree!
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Building Pathways New Hampshire is a great opportunity for women to learn the skills they need for a successful, well-paid career in the building trades. I hope women in New Hampshire will take advantage of this great, no-cost program.    http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20140304/GJBUSINESS_01/140309833
Energy efficiency remains the fastest and most cost-effective way to address our nation’s energy needs and this legislation will be a big step in moving toward a more energy-efficient economy. –Senator Shaheen  More here: http://1.usa.gov/1dFZgo4
Great speaking with constituents during tonight’s telephone town hall. Looking forward to the next one! -JS
Senator Shaheen introduced the Charlie Morgan Military Spouses Equal Treatment Act as an amendment today to a comprehensive veterans bill that the Senate is debating this week. The Charlie Morgan Act, named after New Hampshire National Guard Chief Warrant Officer Charlie Morgan, would give equal benefits to legally married same-sex veteran couples.   Take a look at the article below to learn more about the Charlie Morgan Act. 
Office of U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen
So wonderful to meet with Lucy Meyer, UNICEF’s official spokesperson for children with disabilities and Global Messenger for the 2015 Special Olympics World Games. Lucy is doing great work advocating for children around the world with disabilities.
Senator Shaheen met with New Hampshire Credit Union League members this morning on Capitol Hill to talk about helping small businesses and our economy grow.
This morning Senator Shaheen met with University of New Hampshire students to talk about the rising cost of higher education and her proposals to help students manage debt.   Read about it with the link below. 
Tragic news about Rye student John Durkin. My thoughts are with his family during this difficult time. http://www.seacoastonline.com/articles/20140222-NEWS-140229915
Senator Shaheen visited Bartlett Farm Dairy in Concord earlier today to discuss her provisions in the 2014 bipartisan Farm Bill that will protect small dairy farms and the jobs they support. The bill includes a new dairy program with a restructured safety net that takes into account the price of milk and the cost of feeding livestock and includes significantly lower premiums for small dairy farms. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/MJ8lpz
Congratulations to the Puritan Backroom on 40 successful years in business. Best chicken tenders in the world!
Senator Shaheen will be hosting another telephone town hall on Wednesday, February 26th at 6:00 p.m. Click here to sign up by 6:00 p.m. on February 25th to receive a call:  http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/ 
NA
Meet Emily Ardini, a 4th grade student at Loudon Elementary. She’s interviewing Senator Shaheen for a project on influential people in New Hampshire for her social studies class. Great to see kids interested in public service!
Thank you Moore Mart and all the volunteers today at National Guard Armory in Nashua for supporting our troops. Today we helped put together more than 600 care packages to send to our military men and women overseas!
Great news for Atkinson residents. The EPA will extend access to the Atkinson water main to the residents of Deer Run Road, thereby giving residents an opportunity to connect to a safe drinking water supply. Read more here:http://1.usa.gov/1gzqdNJ
Happy Valentine’s Day! Today is a perfect reminder of our need to reform the sugar industry's sweet deal. Nearly $300 million taxpayer dollars were spent on the outdated sugar program in 2013 and between 1997 and 2011, more than 125,000 American jobs were lost in sugar-using industries because of sugar subsidies.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1gg5aQP
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate approved a military retiree COLA fix by a vote of 95-3:  “It is important that we honor our commitment to the men and women who have volunteered and sacrificed to protect our country,” Shaheen said. “Today’s vote was the right thing to do. This bill rightfully restores cost of living adjustments for military retirees who have fought for our country and does so without adding to the deficit. I’m encouraged by the cooperation behind this agreement and am hopeful we can continue to work in the same bipartisan fashion moving forward.”  Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=b1cf6241-8776-4f30-ae9a-f10c55ae1f4e  
NA
This afternoon Senator Shaheen introduced an amendment that would pay for reversing a military retiree COLA reduction by closing an offshore tax loophole. Read more here:  http://1.usa.gov/1ogvE8y 
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Department of Justice (DOJ) announced a policy change to extend privileges, protections and rights to all legally married couples in every program the agency administers:  “The Justice Department’s announcement takes a great step forward in the fight for full and complete equality for all Americans. But while our legal system is finally moving to recognize that no American should be discriminated against on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, the reality is that legal discrimination remains.  This is especially true with our veterans, as some same-sex military families are still denied critical benefits because of current law. We need to pass the Charlie Morgan Act because every veteran deserves access to the benefits that they’ve earned and rightfully deserve, and I will continue working to make this goal a reality.”  http://1.usa.gov/1eim3W7 
Proud of this very courageous young man. Wishing him the best of luck throughout his career. http://espn.go.com/espn/otl/story/_/id/10429030/michael-sam-missouri-tigers-says-gay
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor this morning calling on Congress to support an extension of unemployment insurance. Shaheen highlighted the consequences that failing to extend unemployment insurance has already had on the economy and Granite State families. Read more here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=61598182-e324-4c64-b3a9-893bcc74bf10
Congratulations and good luck to all the New Hampshire athletes that will be competing in the 2014 Sochi Olympics! You all make New Hampshire proud. Read my Congressional Record statement honoring Granite State Olympians here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/release/?id=a24212eb-f47d-4290-bae8-c7c644e487ad 
Thank you to the nearly 4,000 Granite Staters who participated in my first telephone town hall of 2014 last night! It was great to hear from so many of you, and I am looking forward to doing it again. Additional details coming soon.
I’ll be hosting my first telephone town hall of 2014 tomorrow, February 4th, at 6:00 PM. Click here and sign up by 6:00 PM today if you’d like to participate:  http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/ 
So great to meet with student council members from Pinkerton Academy yesterday. Hope they enjoy this weekend’s leadership conference!
Office of Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Next week, I’ll be hosting my first telephone town hall of 2014 at 6:00 p.m. February 4th. Telephone town halls give me a great opportunity to connect with thousands of Granite Staters at once and take questions from people around the state, so I hope you’ll join me. Sign up by 6:00 p.m. February 3rd here: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov/teletownhall/   I look forward to speaking with you all.  
Five years ago today I was proud to see the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act signed into law, an important bill that strengthened protections for victims of pay discrimination.    Equal pay for equal work should be a matter of common sense. But the unfortunate reality is that too many women in the work place still find themselves victims of pay discrimination. We need to do more – starting with passing the Paycheck Fairness Act – to build on the efforts of people like Lilly Ledbetter so that ultimately, all women are paid what they deserve for their hard work.   LIKE and SHARE if you agree!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on President Obama’s State of the Union address:   “Both parties must work together on our most important priorities: helping create jobs, growing our economy, and strengthening small businesses in New Hampshire and across the country. There are a number of bipartisan proposals that Congress should act on immediately to accomplish these goals, including my bipartisan energy efficiency legislation which will help stimulate the economy, save taxpayers money, and protect our environment from pollution. Higher education is also smart investment in our economic future; we have to make college more affordable for students so that they can acquire the necessary skills to meet future economic demand.    "In recent weeks we’ve seen signs of bipartisan progress on important issues facing our country and I hope we will build on that cooperation to address the many additional challenges we face as a nation. I will continue to work across the aisle with anyone who is willing to work in good faith to move our economy, and our country, forward."
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes today! So nice to have Billy here for my birthday and the State of the Union.
Thinking of Christa McAuliffe and her fellow crew members today as we mark the 28th anniversary of the Challenger tragedy. Christa was an inspiration to many New Hampshire students – including  Lizzie Rosenberger who is now pursuing a career as an educator and participating in NASA’s Stratospheric Observatory of Infrared Astronomy program – and represented the best of New Hampshire. I hope you all will join me in keeping the victims’ families and loved ones in your thoughts today.  http://www.concordmonitor.com/home/10364002-95/ray-duckler-following-christas-lead-28-years-later-a-teacher-aims-high 
“Keeping college education affordable will help our young people get the skills they need for the jobs that are critical to our economic future. New Hampshire students are unfortunately all too familiar with the impact of debt after they finish college and we must take steps to address this crisis that hurts our economy.” – JS  Read Senator Shaheen’s letter to President Obama here: http://1.usa.gov/1n9duF6  
Congratulations to the New Hampshire nominees to the 2014 Winter Olympics Alpine team. Wishing them all the best of luck in Sochi! http://bit.ly/1d4I8qQ 
We all know New Hampshire is a great place to live, work and raise a family, but it’s always nice to be recognized. It's even better when we’re not mistaken for Vermont.
Forty-one years ago today, the Supreme Court’s landmark Roe v. Wade decision recognized that women have the right to make their own decisions about their reproductive health care. But while this decision empowered American women, decades later a woman’s right to privacy and access to safe, affordable health care continues to face challenges.   We have more work ahead of us: we have to protect this fundamental right while simultaneously working to prevent unintended pregnancies and supporting pregnant women and mothers.  Protecting the health care rights of all American women is a responsibility I take very seriously and will continue to fight for in the future.   -JS
Reminder that today staff from Senator Shaheen’s office will be in Hanover at 11:00 a.m. and Lebanon at 1:00 p.m. to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. Details here: http://1.usa.gov/1jm0g7A
Congratulations to Nanocomp Technologies in Merrimack for receiving DOD grant to continue their product development and national defense work. Nanocomp's continued expansion and innovation is a model for how private-public partnerships can fuel private-sector growth.
Members of Senator Shaheen’s staff will be in Hanover and Lebanon on Wednesday and Brookline on Thursday to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies. Click here for details: http://1.usa.gov/1jm0g7A
Happy #MLK Day everyone.   Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. invigorated this country through his fights for social and economic justice and equality for all Americans.  Since my childhood where I witnessed segregation firsthand, the principle that discrimination has no place in our country has stayed close to my heart. In fact, one of my proudest days as Governor was signing into law the bill making Martin Luther King, Jr. Day a state holiday.    However, I also understand that we have yet to fully achieve Dr. King’s dream. While it’s true that because of his efforts it is no longer acceptable as a matter of law to discriminate on the basis of race, religion, gender or ethnicity, it’s also an unfortunate reality that all Americans still do not enjoy equal protections under the law because of their sexual orientation or that social mobility is slowly grinding to a halt.    The best way to honor Dr. King’s legacy is to recommit ourselves to his dream of a country of equal opportunity for all Americans. Our work is not complete, but I remain confident that if we work together, we will one day truly achieve his vision for our country.  -JS
Senator Shaheen, a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee, released the following statement after the Senate approved the bipartisan appropriations bill by a vote of 72-26.   “The bill we passed today puts in place a responsible plan to spur economic growth and job creation, protects us from the economic consequences of another government shutdown, and invests in critical New Hampshire priorities.  It also cuts wasteful spending in a smart, targeted way, provides New Hampshire small businesses with desperately needed certainty for the future, and represents the kind of bipartisan compromise we need more of in Washington.  I hope we can carry the bipartisan momentum behind this bill forward into the future to further promote efforts to create jobs and grow our economy.”   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1djNmCa 
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon to call for passage of the bipartisan appropriations bill that will both promote economic growth and job creation. The bill also includes many key measures important to New Hampshire and championed by Shaheen in recent months. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1d4iFxj   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGDjKA4DWQI&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA&feature=c4-overview
A reminder that my staff will be in Windham and Pelham today to speak one-on-one with area residents seeking assistance with federal agencies. Details here: http://1.usa.gov/1cXtCUN 
Senators Jeanne Shaheen, Susan Collins, Kelly Ayotte, and Angus King announced today that $11.5 million in funding for military construction at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and the procurement of two Virginia-class submarines has been included in the Senate Committee on Appropriations’ FY 2014 Omnibus Appropriations Bill as a result of their collective efforts. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1fy9XiM 
A reminder that my staff will be in Salem today to speak one-on-one with area residents seeking assistance with federal agencies. Details here: http://1.usa.gov/1cXtCUN 
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after legislation to extend emergency unemployment insurance failed to clear a procedural vote in the Senate this afternoon:    “Emergency unemployment insurance has always enjoyed strong bipartisan support and that fact makes this afternoon’s vote even more troubling.  I hope we can find a way forward to provide this critical lifeline for families who are trying to make ends meet.  Inaction on extending these emergency benefits will have serious economic consequences we can’t afford.”
Members of Senator Shaheen’s staff will be in Salem Wednesday and Windham and Pelham Thursday to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies. Click here for details: http://1.usa.gov/1cXtCUN
Senator Shaheen hosted Acting Administrator of the Small Business Administration Jeanne Hulit in New Hampshire this morning to meet with members of New Hampshire’s business community and to promote job creation. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dkD9bo
Senator Shaheen met Johnny Matheny at the DARPA, The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency showcase today on Capitol Hill. Johnny is pictured using a robotic arm — a New Hampshire invention that is revolutionizing prosthetics for amputees.
In case you missed it, Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor yesterday to call for an immediate extension of emergency unemployment insurance which provides a critical lifeline while people look for jobs. As Shaheen noted, a failure to extend these benefits would be bad for our economy and bad for New Hampshire families struggling to get back on their feet. To watch Senator Shaheen’s remarks, click here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQD8Xf03Thw&feature=c4-overview&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA
Senator Shaheen today filed an amendment to emergency unemployment legislation currently under consideration by the Senate to protect military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments (COLA) that were passed in a bipartisan budget agreement. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dgOn0q
NA
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after an emergency unemployment assistance extension bill cleared a key procedural hurdle in the Senate this morning:  “Emergency unemployment assistance provides a critical lifeline to New Hampshire families who are struggling to make ends meet while people look for jobs.  A failure to extend these benefits would be bad for jobs and our economy, so I hope we can act in a bipartisan fashion – just like we did this morning – as quickly as possible to advance this proposal. We have to extend these benefits on behalf of the families who desperately need this support.”
This morning Senator Shaheen met with officials from the New Hampshire Office of Energy and Planning and New Hampshire Community Action Programs in Dover to discuss the importance of home heating assistance for people in New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/198nFpB
Happy New Years from my family to yours! Best wishes to all for the new year.
Congratulations to Andover, NH's Nick Fairall for qualifying for the Olympics in ski jumping! Can't wait to watch him fly. http://bit.ly/19FFevh
So sorry to hear about the passing of Capt. Edmund Johnson - co-founder of the Pease Greeters - who did such dedicated and important work on behalf of New Hampshire veterans. My thoughts are with his friends and family. http://bit.ly/1jLN4dp
Merry Christmas to everyone! Have a happy and safe holiday.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls8nV2LZb8c&feature=c4-overview&list=UUjLZAZMbDrybHyttdEC9LFA
Please be safe this holiday weekend. There is potential for a significant ice storm in New Hampshire, so make sure to visit http://www.nh.gov/readynh/ for important updates.
Happy Holidays! Wishing you and your families health and happiness in the new year – watch my holiday greeting here: http://bit.ly/Jb85wZ
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor with Senator Portman (R-OH) to call for passage of their bipartisan energy efficiency legislation, the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act, which will help create jobs, lower costs for consumers and protect the environment. Watch the full video here: http://bit.ly/1i51DXH
In case you missed it: Earlier this afternoon Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor to call for passage of the bipartisan budget agreement which will create certainty for the economy, promote job creation and end the threat of a government shutdown.  Shaheen also highlighted legislation she introduced last night, the Military Retirement Restoration Act, which would undo a cost of living adjustment (COLA) for military retirees currently in the budget and replace those savings by closing offshore tax loopholes. Read her full remarks here: http://1.usa.gov/1dP2NkO
Today Senator Shaheen introduced the Military Retirement Restoration Act to protect military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments (COLA) that were included in the bipartisan budget agreement the Senate is expected to clear this week. The COLA adjustments would be replaced by closing an offshore tax loophole. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/19wtmvU
This morning, Senator Shaheen visited BAE Systems in Nashua to discuss the importance of passing the bipartisan budget agreement and the positive impact the bill would have on economic growth and job creation.
Remembering a great friend of mine today, Ray Burton, who was an incredible advocate for the people of northern New Hampshire. I know his commitment to the North Country and our entire state will never be forgotten.  We'll miss you, Ray.
 
 -JS
My thoughts and prayers go out to all the families who lost a child or loved one in the tragic Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting one year ago. The Newtown community and all those affected by that day’s senseless act of violence of are not alone in their grieving, and while 26 lives were taken senselessly, none of them have been forgotten.   -JS
In Case You Missed It: Senator Shaheen hosted New Hampshire businesses leaders at a Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee meeting to discuss efforts to boost manufacturing, exports, and job creation in New Hampshire and around the country. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/18qrxC1
Today Senator Shaheen introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Tom Coburn to limit federal spending on oil paintings of government officials. The bill would put a cap on the amount of taxpayer support for the portraits, protecting taxpayers as is done in New Hampshire. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1kDOXUJ
This week, Senators Shaheen and Ayotte introduced a Senate resolution congratulating the NCAA Division II men’s soccer champions the Southern New Hampshire University Penmen. Read the resolution here: http://1.usa.gov/1iXvClU
Senator Shaheen has nominated 40 New Hampshire students to the United States Service Academies. The nominations recommend New Hampshire students for acceptance into the U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy and/or West Point. The full list of nominees is available here: http://1.usa.gov/1czpF9e
ICYMI: Senator Shaheen in today's POLITICO on New Hampshire's historic all-female congressional delegation, where women really rule.
Saturday, Senator Shaheen joined her congressional colleagues, Governor Maggie Hassan and military leadership to honor and thank the men and women of the 169th MEDEVAC unit for their dedicated service and congratulate them on their successful mission in Afghanistan.   The 169th MEDEVAC unit was mobilized in September 2012 to support Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Made up of National Guard MEDEVAC units from four separate states, it became known as “JIGSAW” to represent the joining of the various units. From their bases in Afghanistan, JIGSAW performed 471 lifesaving missions and carried 527 patients to higher levels of care. Members of the 169th MEDEVAC unit received numerous awards while deployed including Bronze Stars, Air Medals, Army Accommodation Medals, Combat Action Badges and Combat Medical Badges.
Remembering Pearl Harbor and our men and women in uniform today. Forever grateful for the service, sacrifices, and bravery of our men and women in uniform who lost their lives 72 years ago today, and for all who have fought to protect our freedoms ever since.    -JS
NA
Saddened to hear about Nelson Mandela’s passing. We lost a remarkable leader today who left the world a better place. His legacy will continue to inspire and live on.  -JS
This morning, Senator Shaheen joined staff and volunteers from Rockingham Nutrition and Meals on Wheels, Inc in Salem for a “ride along” to highlight the negative consequences of indiscriminate budget cuts on New Hampshire’s seniors.  During the ride along, Shaheen greeted New Hampshire seniors and heard firsthand about the importance of Meals on Wheels and other home food delivery programs as volunteers delivered meals to seniors. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hyFLUs
On one of the biggest online shopping days of the year, Senator Jeanne Shaheen is highlighting the potentially costly implications of online sales tax legislation and calling on House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) to protect small businesses from new compliance burdens if it considers the issue. In a letter sent today, Cyber Monday, Shaheen urged the Chairman “to exempt businesses in states without a sales tax,” such as New Hampshire, from potential new tax regulations. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/IBRB0V
Today is Small Business Saturday. Remember to support local businesses.
Hope everyone is having a safe and happy holiday. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours!
Happy first night of Chanukah to all who are celebrating! I wish you a happy, healthy holiday.
 
 -JS
In case you missed it: Last week, Senator Shaheen was honored by White Mountains Community College with the Walter R. Peterson Award for her contributions to higher education. You can read more here: http://1.usa.gov/17N1mmA
On the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy’s assassination we should all take a moment to reflect on his legacy.  Like so many in my generation I was very interested in President Kennedy when he got elected it was particularly inspiring to see a national figure engage young people like me so directly.  His call to service appealed to my generation and encouraged my interest in public service. I remember vividly where I was the day President Kennedy was shot – in high school health class.  My classmates and I were shocked and heartbroken.  It was a tremendous loss for our country and the world.  But President Kennedy changed the country for the better and the generation he inspired continues to carry out his ideals.  His legacy and impact lives on to this day.
In case you missed it: Yesterday, Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor to call for swift passage of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) which authorizes all Department of Defense programs for the coming fiscal year and addresses major defense policy issues.  Watch the video here:  http://bit.ly/1batgf5
Reminder: TODAY, Senator Shaheen’s staff will hold office hours in Windham from 11:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. and in Pelham from 1:00 p.m.-2:00 p.m. For more information click here: http://1.usa.gov/18llLzC
Great news – Nashua School District was named a finalist yesterday for this year’s Race to the Top competition! This is a great recognition for the district and a testament to the quality education the school district is already providing students. Click here to read more: http://bit.ly/18oakaD
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen was joined by a bipartisan group of senators, former generals, survivors of sexual assault and survivors advocates to call for the passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act, a bill that would reform the way the military prosecutes sexual assaults. To read more click here: http://1.usa.gov/1fSXnam
Reminder: Senator Shaheen’s staff will hold office hours tomorrow in Salem from 11:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. and Thursday in Windham from 11:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. and in Pelham from 1:00 p.m.-2:00 p.m. These office hours will give staff an opportunity to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. For more information click here: http://1.usa.gov/18llLzC
In case you missed it: Senator Shaheen and John McCain on their work to fix the Special Immigrant Visa program to honor our promise to Iraqi and Afghans who served alongside our troops. Watch the CNN story here: http://cnn.it/17Ij0Vt
In case you missed it: Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor last night to call for passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act which would help address the military sexual assault crisis. To read her remarks click here: http://1.usa.gov/17yY7RS
NA
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of Executive Councilor Raymond S. Burton:
 
 “I’m so sad about Ray’s passing. He was a great friend to me and to everyone in the North Country. Ray was an incredible advocate for the people of northern New Hampshire and his commitment to them will never be forgotten. My thoughts and prayers are with Ray’s family and friends.”
Incredibly grateful for all who have served and sacrificed for our country. Thank you all for everything you've done to keep us safe and protect our freedoms. Happy Veterans Day.
Senator Shaheen’s staff will be in attendance at the Nashua Community Resource Expo today from 10:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Located at the Nashua Adult Learning Center the expo is an opportunity for people to learn about resources available to assist with employment, housing, education, health services and programs for children and youth. The Adult Learning Center is located at 4 Lake Ave. in Nashua.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate passed the Employment Non-Discrimination Act:   “This vote represents a historic milestone in the fight to end workplace discrimination,” Shaheen said. “No one should be hired or fired in the United States because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Equal protection under the law is part of our national creed and this bill helps us honor that promise. I hope the House will join the Senate in passing ENDA so we can send it to the President for his signature.”
In case you missed it: CBS covered Senators Jeanne Shaheen and John McCain meeting with Capt. Matt Zeller and Janis Shinwari this morning. Janis served alongside American troops in Afghanistan and last week, finally arrived in the United States because of the Special Immigrant Visa program that Shaheen and McCain are working to extend.  The program would benefit thousands of Iraqi and Afghan civilians, just like Janis, who risked their lives serving with our military during the war. CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO:http://bit.ly/1elflEu
Congress is long past due to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. Please like and share to show your support for workplace #equality.
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen spoke at the Business and Industry Association of New Hampshire luncheon about the need for Washington to focus on growing the economy and creating jobs. TO READ MORE CLICK HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1iIfzTF
(Manchester, NH) – Senator Shaheen’s office honored five New Hampshire veterans with long overdue medals for service in Korea and Vietnam at a medals ceremony in Manchester.
“Honored to be a part of the ceremony to dedicate the new Mount Washington Scenic Overlook in Ray Burton’s name. New Hampshire and the North Country have been lucky to have Ray as a dedicated public servant for more than three decades. The love Ray has for the North Country shows, and it’s a better place because of his service. I can think of no one better to receive this honor.” – Senator Shaheen  http://1.usa.gov/1b0tmk8
The Enterprise Center at Plymouth is doing fantastic work to promote job creation and economic growth by supporting small businesses and entrepreneurs in the region.    Senator Shaheen visited the Enterprise Center at Plymouth this morning to meet with officials and discuss the work of the center and her efforts on behalf of small businesses and the economy in New Hampshire. TO READ MORE CLICK HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1h6vXlg
Trick or Treat? Find out what's the scariest part of Halloween here: http://bit.ly/b-scared.
Congratulations Boston Red Sox! What an amazing night. So excited for the 2013 World Series Champs!
Reminder: Senator Shaheen’s staff will hold office hours today from 11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. in Lebanon and 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. in Hanover to speak one-on-one with area residents who are seeking help with federal agencies on issues such as veterans’ benefits, federal taxes, housing, immigration and Social Security. For more information click here: http://1.usa.gov/16KCbmj
In case you missed, USA TODAY published an op-ed from Senator Shaheen today where she renewed her call to extend open enrollment for consumers who are experiencing problems with healthcare.gov.   You can read it by clicking on the link below.
"Ray has been a dedicated public servant for more than three decades and the North Country is a better place because of his service. His decision to retire is a big loss for not only his constituents but the entire state of New Hampshire. My thoughts and prayers are with Ray and his family." - Senator Shaheen on Councilor Ray Burton's retirement.
Senator Shaheen will be on CBS's Face the Nation this morning, make sure to tune in! You can check what time Face the Nation airs in your local market here: http://www.cbsnews.com/face-the-nation/local-listings/
The New Hampshire Food Bank doing incredibly important work for Granite Staters who are struggling to put food on the table and feed their families. 
 
 Senator Shaheen visited the New Hampshire Food Bank this morning to meet with officials to discuss fighting the serious food and hunger issues in our state. TO READ MORE CLICK HERE: http://1.usa.gov/H7jjlw
Thanks Veterans Count for the terrific work you are doing through the Deployment Cycle Support Program (DCSP) to support New Hampshire’s men and women in uniform and military families. It was an honor to join veterans and service members this morning at the Salute Our Soldiers Breakfast.
Senator Shaheen Tours New Hampshire to Promote Jobs, Economic Growth, and Energy Efficiency
Senator Shaheen visited Dover High School this afternoon to meet with students in the all-girls Introduction to Engineering Class to discuss the importance of education in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). “Investing in STEM education will help prepare young people for the high-tech jobs that are an increasingly important part of New Hampshire’s future,” Shaheen said. “Dover High School is doing great work to promote STEM education, particularly with young women, and we ought to do more to promote similar efforts nationally.  This will help our country develop a homegrown workforce and keep us competitive in the global marketplace as the demand for a high-skilled workforce increases.” CLICK HERE TO READ MORE: http://1.usa.gov/19oYcVI
Senator Shaheen visited Windmill International in Nashua this morning to discuss efforts to bolster small businesses and job creation.  Windmill International is a veteran owned business which provides program management, training, engineering, technology and software development for the defense industry. During her visit, Windmill officials highlighted how the business has grown thanks to two efforts championed by Senator Shaheen -the State Trade Export Promotion grant program and the Small Business Innovation Research program.
Thank you Sarah Hoidahl of Concord for your patriotism and generosity during the difficult government shutdown. You represent the best of the Granite State spirit.
Due to the federal government shutdown the deadline for United States Service Academy nominations has been extended to October 25th. Click here for additional information: http://1.usa.gov/16bWMji
Senator Shaheen released the following statement tonight after voting for a bipartisan plan to reopen the federal government and pay the country’s bills:   "I'm glad we were able to come together and pass a bipartisan plan tonight to reopen our government, which never should have been shut down, and avoid the catastrophic economic consequences of a default. Moving forward we need to develop a long-term plan to address our debt and deficits so we can avoid future manufactured crises that hurt jobs, the economy and our middle-class."
“I’m glad that we have found common ground on a bipartisan plan to reopen the government and make sure our country pays its bills.  But make no mistake about it – small businesses, jobs and our economy have suffered greatly as a result of a crisis that was manufactured by a small number of individuals over the past two-and-a-half weeks.  No one wins when we put jobs and the economy at risk in an attempt to score political points. Americans are rightfully frustrated by Washington’s dysfunction and chaos and I am too.    “Throughout this crisis, it became clear that the majority of Congress wanted to find a bipartisan way to move our country forward. Today we accomplished that goal for the short-term and now we need a long-term plan to address our debt and deficits which will help avoid future manufactured crises that hurt jobs, the economy and our middle-class.”  --  Senator Shaheen
“The consequences of a government shutdown are very real for families and small businesses in New Hampshire and across the country. I’m incredibly disappointed that we have come to this point that was entirely avoidable.    “I know people in New Hampshire are frustrated with Washington and I share their frustration. This Congress can do better and it’s time for the dysfunction and obstructionism to come to an end.  I hope we can quickly pass a short-term spending bill and resume bipartisan efforts to negotiate a long-term spending agreement and deficit-reduction plan immediately because that’s what the American public expects of us. We can’t afford any more manufactured crises that hurt our economy and so many families.” -- Senator Shaheen
Senator Shaheen went to the Senate floor today to call on Congress to pass a Continuing Resolution (CR) to maintain government funding and avert a manufactured government shutdown.  Click here to watch her remarks: http://bit.ly/1604YkD
Senator Shaheen is leading a bipartisan group of Senators to extend a special immigrant visa program for Iraqis who risked their lives to serve as interpreters for the U.S. military during the Iraq War. She introduced a bipartisan bill on Wednesday to give a one-year extension to this important program that is set to expire on September 30.   Please like and share to support the important special immigrant visa program!
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
Senator Shaheen hosted two top New Hampshire economists, Chancellor Ross Gittell of the Community College System of New Hampshire and Matthew Slaughter, Professor of Management at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth, at a roundtable discussion on the economy this morning. The panel brought together economists and members of the academic community to discuss budget priorities and legislative efforts to create jobs and grow the economy.   Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1fDlRoH
Senator Shaheen met with volunteers and attendees today at the annual Glendi Greek Festival in Manchester. The festival celebrates Greek culture by showcasing food, beverages, music and traditions and runs through the weekend.
Today Senator Shaheen met and congratulated New Hampshire’s Secondary and Middle School Principals of the Year Tom Murphy and Kevin Richard. “Tom and Kevin are two incredible educators and it’s great to see their achievements recognized,” said Shaheen. “As a former teacher I know firsthand the importance of quality leadership in our schools. Principals like Tom and Kevin are having an enormous impact on the lives of their students and teachers. I commend them for all of their hard work, their accomplishments, and their commitment to education.” Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1gEpQiu
Reminder to students and parents! Applications for U.S. Service Academy nominations are due October 4th.  The nation’s service academies offer citizens a free education in exchange for service in the Armed Forces, click here for more information: http://1.usa.gov/16bWMji
This morning Senator Shaheen met with Air Force Secretary nominee Deborah James to discuss the impact of Pentagon budget cuts on federal employees, the KC-46A aerial refueling tanker at Pease Air National Guard Base, and ongoing efforts to combat sexual assault. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/17Kfko0
NA
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
Senator Shaheen released the following statement on this morning’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard:    “My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this morning’s shootings and their families.  While officials are still gathering information about this senseless act of violence, I am hoping that those responsible for today’s tragedy are immediately brought to justice.”  http://1.usa.gov/1659Ozg
Please visit the link below to read Senator Shaheen's statement on the announcement that the United States and Russia reached a framework for an agreement to seize Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile: http://1.usa.gov/19SgLAR
Tragic and disturbing new statistics show an increase in sexual assault in the Navy. The time is now for the Pentagon to implement reforms; we have to do everything in our power to stop sexual assaults in the military. http://cbsn.ws/1aEX7gg
Watch Senator Shaheen deliver remarks as the Senate begins debate on her bipartisan, job-creating energy efficiency bill!  http://bit.ly/1g1mA0d
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
"Twelve years ago, horrifying terrorist attacks changed our country and our world forever. Today is not only a day to remember those we lost but to also honor the courage, resolve and unity the American people have shown ever since.  The brave first responders who rushed into the burning towers, the courageous passengers on United Airlines Flight 93, and the countless number of Americans who offered their assistance to victims of the attacks epitomize our country’s best qualities. Across New Hampshire, more than 100 fire departments offered their services to assist New York, further demonstrating the strength of our country’s spirit and resolve.  On this solemn day, I’d like to express my deepest gratitude for both those who answered the call to service on that day as well as our men and women in uniform who have made great sacrifices to safeguard our country ever since." -- Senator Shaheen
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after President Obama’s speech addressing the crisis in Syria:  "Syria’s use of chemical weapons is a serious threat to our national security and I am hopeful that a diplomatic solution can be reached to secure and destroy their chemical weapons stockpile. I'm working with my colleagues in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on an amendment to give diplomacy a chance to work, but to also pressure the Syrians to take concrete steps towards the transfer of their chemical weapons to international control.   "I continue to believe that the eventual elimination of Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles is in our best interest but also understand that it was the threat of force that ultimately pushed Syria and Russia to the negotiating table.  Now, we need immediate, serious and credible action from Russia and Syria. They must begin to secure and eventually destroy Syria’s weapons of mass destruction as soon as possible."
Senator Jeanne Shaheen this morning renewed her call for Russia to follow through on its commitment to secure and destroy Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile. During her remarks on the Senate floor, Shaheen announced plans to introduce an amendment to the Senate's Syria resolution that would pressure the Assad regime to take credible, concrete steps to eliminate their chemical weapons stockpile.   Shaheen also repeated her call for the Senate to act on her energy efficiency legislation that she has introduced with Senator Rob Portman (R-OH). The legislation would create 136,000 jobs while also reducing pollution and saving taxpayers money.  To watch Shaheen’s remarks click here: http://bit.ly/14JoNZk
Senator Shaheen released the following statement this evening after it was reported that the Russian government has offered to work with Syria to establish international control over Syria's chemical weapons stockpile:   "I believe we should pursue every possible diplomatic solution prior to engaging in military action. As such, I welcome the possibility of international cooperation to secure and destroy Syria's chemical weapons stockpile and call on Russia to quickly follow through on its new commitment. The eventual elimination of Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles is in the best interest of the United States and the world community."  "After two years of diplomatic stalemate, the credible threat of force has finally pushed Syria and Russia to the negotiating table. However, this cannot be a delaying tactic. We must see immediate, serious and credible actions by Russia and Syria toward the transfer and eventual destruction of Syria's weapons of mass destruction as soon as possible. We should continue to maintain pressure on the Syrian regime to give up its weapons stockpile."
A new study finds Senator Shaheen's bipartisan energy efficiency  bill has the potential to create 136,000 domestic jobs by 2025 all while saving consumers billions of dollars and reducing pollution.  Please "like" and share if you're ready to see the benefits of energy efficiency!
"The Justice Department's announcement is great news for veterans in same-sex marriages. We are in the process of determining if additional legislation is still needed to provide full benefits for all of our veterans. I believe every individual that serves in uniform is entitled to the benefits they've earned and I will keep working on this issue until we are certain that is the case." - Senator Shaheen
Please visit the link below to read Senator Shaheen's statement on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee resolution authorizing limited military force in Syria:
Great news! Senator Shaheen and the New Hampshire delegation announced today that the New Hampshire Northcoast Railroad was awarded a $1.4 million grant to improve and repair 42 miles of rail between Rochester and Ossipee.  The track upgrades will improve rail safety, speed and reliability and will help New Hampshire businesses!    To read more click here: http://1.usa.gov/1ajfMhj
Labor Day is a great opportunity to celebrate the contributions of American workers past and present who have fought for livable wages, built the middle class and made the American Dream more possible to achieve. I hope you’ll all join me in honoring these contributions today. Happy Labor Day!
Today's U.S. Treasury announcement recognizing same-sex married couples and granting equal federal tax benefits nationwide is great news! #progress
New Hampshire is expecting hundreds of thousands of visitors this Labor Day weekend! Enjoy the holiday weekend by taking a trip of your own or encouraging friends to come see all the Granite State has to offer.
Today Senator Shaheen released the following statement honoring the 50th Anniversary of the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech:  “Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s ‘I Have a Dream’ speech had a transformative effect on this country and his call for justice and equality is still important today. From my time as a high school teacher in Mississippi during integration to my time in the United States Senate, the idea that discrimination has no place in the United States has been close to my heart. Today, fifty years following Dr. King’s brave declaration, we must remember his dream and renew our commitment to its principles for future generations.” http://1.usa.gov/184Jf92
Today Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) renewed her call for Congress to pass the Charlie Morgan Military Spouses Equal Treatment Act after the Department of Veterans Affairs indicated that legislation is necessary to grant veterans in same-sex marriages benefits for their spouses and families.  “We need to pass the Charlie Morgan Act to bring Department of Veterans Affairs benefits policy in line with the Supreme Court’s ruling striking down DOMA. I’m committed to making this happen,” said Senator Shaheen. “Every individual who serves in uniform deserves access to the benefits that they’ve earned and rightfully deserve. We can’t tolerate this type of discrimination, especially in the aftermath of a historic Supreme Court ruling that declared the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional.” Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/17hKgw5
Very sad to hear of the passing of Concord’s Louie Smirnioudis. Louie was a man who cared deeply for his community where he served hundreds of meals to needy families year after year on Thanksgiving. I was lucky enough to have known him and he will be greatly missed. My thoughts are prayers are with his family and friends.
In case you missed, ABC News ran a great segment on the wasteful and duplicative catfish inspection program that Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) and John McCain (R-AZ) are trying to abolish.  The USDA has already warned that the program will cost $15 million to operate annually and is already costing millions of dollars to develop.  Click her to watch the ABC News story on the wasteful program and why it needs to go: http://abcn.ws/18YeYKc
In case you missed it: Last week, Senator Jeanne Shaheen attended the 22nd Annual North Country Moose Festival. Every year the festival draws hundreds of visitors to the North Country where festivities include a moose calling contest and a classic car show. The festival also showcases many of the North Country’s attractions and highlights local food and businesses.   Shaheen also toured the Pittsburg Border Station to view the new signage. Shaheen contacted United States Ambassador to Canada David Jacobson and U.S. Customs and Border Patrol at the request of North Country elected officials to have the crossing officially designated “Pittsburg Border Station”.
Don't miss the New Hampshire Business Review's story on Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Rob Portman’s bipartisan energy efficiency legislation and stressing the importance of energy efficiency for New Hampshire businesses. Click here to read the article: http://bit.ly/13Wrd6q
Senator Shaheen was recently honored by the New Hampshire Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America with an award for supporting the 157th Air Refuel Wing, New Hampshire Air National Guard’s, national bid to be selected for the U.S. Air Force KC-46 fielding at Pease Air National Guard Base. Click here to read more: http://bit.ly/13FX5Sb
Earlier today, Senator Shaheen joined Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, Senator Kelly Ayotte, Governor Maggie Hassan, Congresswoman Carol Shea-Porter and Manchester Mayor Ted Gatsas for the Manchester Job Corps Center’s ceremonial groundbreaking. Once complete, the center will provide low-income youth with education and job training to build successful careers in today’s economy. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/170prU3
In case you missed it: Yesterday Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte hosted a US Small Business Committee field hearing at Southern New Hampshire University’s College of Online and Continuing Education in Manchester. At the hearing, small business leaders and federal officials discussed opportunities to spur innovation in order to create jobs and grow the economy.  Click here to read more http://1.usa.gov/1d2FTt4
This morning Senator Shaheen spoke at a forum on clean jobs at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at St. Anselm College in Manchester.  In her remarks, Senator Shaheen specifically highlighted her energy efficiency legislation which will create jobs, save taxpayers and consumers money, and protect our environment by reducing pollution.
Yesterday Senator Jeanne Shaheen toured a portion of the Sweet Trail hiking path and met with New Hampshire environmental leaders to discuss Great Bay conservation efforts. The Sweet Trail stretches 4.3 miles from Longmarsh Road in Durham to the shore of Great Bay in Newmarket and showcases some of New Hampshire’s precious natural resources.
Today Senator Shaheen visited New Hampshire State Fishing Pier to meet with representatives from New Hampshire Community Seafood and local fishermen where she discussed her efforts to protect the state’s fishing industry.
 
 “Fishing is one our state’s oldest industries and today remains a critical driver of our economy. We have to make sure the industry remains strong and viable, particularly during these difficult times,” said Shaheen.  “The disaster relief I’m working to secure is critical to the fishing industry’s future and I hope the Senate passes it as quickly as possible.” Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/19vZK3k
New Hampshire’s congressional delegation announced today that the President has signed into law their bill renaming the Boston Air Route Traffic Control Center in Nashua in honor of Patricia Clark.  Clark has worked as an Administrative Assistant at the facility since it first opened in 1963.  The New Hampshire delegation worked together to pass legislation in the Senate and the House of Representatives to rename the control center in her honor, and the bill officially became law on Friday, August 9th.   “Over the course of her career, which spans five decades, Patty has shown an unparalleled dedication to public service.  We’re incredibly proud of her, and this is a fitting tribute to her extraordinary service to our state,” said Shaheen, Ayotte, Shea-Porter and Kuster. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1cCPfwl
Jack Germond was an amazing talent, an incredible reporter, and most of all, a great friend. He was one of the greatest political journalists our country has ever known and I was very sorry to hear of his passing. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Alice, their entire family and everyone who was lucky enough to call him a friend. http://1.usa.gov/16QgpL0
Senator Shaheen issued the following statement welcoming the Pentagon’s decision to extend benefits to same-sex spouses of uniformed service members and Defense Department employees.   “Every individual who serves in uniform deserves access to the benefits that they’ve earned. While the Pentagon’s decision is a big win for fairness and equality, the fact is that more needs to be done.  Until the Department of Veterans Affairs issues a similar announcement, I will continue to push forward the Charlie Morgan Act so that veterans and their families also enjoy the benefits they have rightfully earned and deserve.” http://1.usa.gov/14LGn1M
I was saddened to learn of the passing of former Keene Mayor Mike Blastos. I was lucky to have him as a friend. He was an incredibly dedicated public servant who cared deeply about Keene. My thoughts and prayers are with all of Mike’s family and friends. http://1.usa.gov/16fJzow
In case you missed it: Last Friday, Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte called on the International Paralympic Committee to allow record-setting Exeter swimmer Victoria Arlen to compete in the International Paralympic Games. “Victoria is an incredibly talented young woman. She deserves the opportunity to compete,” said Shaheen. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/17Lvgn8
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Leo W. Fraser Jr. who passed away Friday. I had the pleasure of working with Leo during my time as a State Senator and Governor. Leo was a great friend to the people of New Hampshire and a principled public servant.
"The new Memorial Bridge’s opening is great news for New Hampshire and Maine.As the commercial artery between our states, the bridge is critical to the Shipyard, its employees and Seacoast businesses. I am thrilled that we’ve successfully replaced this link between our states with a new, safe bridge for vehicular and pedestrian traffic, and I’m proud to have been a part of the bipartisan effort that made today’s opening a reality.” - Senator Shaheen
This morning we celebrated the hard work that went into the new Memorial Bridge. A wonderful day for New Hampshire and the Portsmouth community!
"The new Memorial Bridge’s opening is great news for New Hampshire and Maine.As the commercial artery between our states, the bridge is critical to the Shipyard, its employees and Seacoast businesses. I am thrilled that we’ve successfully replaced this link between our states with a new, safe bridge for vehicular and pedestrian traffic, and I’m proud to have been a part of the bipartisan effort that made today’s opening a reality.” - Senator Shaheen
Click to watch Senator Shaheen meeting with local officials and residents in Lebanon where federal disaster relief is helping the Cheshire, Grafton and Sullivan county communities rebuild.
Senator Shaheen headed to Lebanon today to survey the damage of recent heavy rains and make sure the community and surrounding areas get all the necessary resources to continue to rebuild.
Senator Shaheen met with local officials and residents in Lebanon where federal disaster relief is helping the Cheshire, Grafton and Sullivan county communities rebuild.
Please like and share if you think Congress should pass the Shaheen-Portman energy efficiency bill so more people can follow in the footsteps of the Woodstock Inn Station & Brewery and the White Mountain National Forest headquarters and invest in energy efficiency!
Please "like" to wish Plymouth a happy 250th!
This morning Senator Shaheen spoke directly with Granite State seniors on an AARP-hosted telephone town hall. "Like" if you agree with Senator Shaheen that we have to protect our seniors who've worked hard all their lives so they can have a dignified and secure retirement.
NA
Senator Shaheen honored first responders in Hampton Beach this afternoon before touring the newly renovated Seashell Pavilion and delivering a Congressional Record statement to celebrate Hampton’s 375th anniversary.
NA
There is good news for Cheshire, Sullivan, and Grafton counties as they continue to deal with the aftermath of destructive storms. A federal disaster declaration has been declared, which will provide state and local authorities with the resources they need to continue to clear debris and repair damage.
Click to watch Senator Shaheen's remarks yesterday on the Senate floor on her bipartisan energy efficiency legislation that will strengthen our economy by reducing energy costs for businesses and consumers.
Today the Senate moved to consider Senator Shaheen's bipartisan energy efficiency legislation, which will create jobs, save money and reduce pollution. It's what we call a win-win-win!
Senator Shaheen yesterday called on President Obama to do more to address the unacceptable claims backlog facing our nation's veterans. Click more to read more, via Roll Call.
"Today, more New Hampshire companies are embracing energy efficiency as a way to combat high energy costs. Energy efficiency can be a quick, cost effective way to reduce a business’s expenses, which can free up capital for new product development and new jobs. U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen is helping in this effort by sponsoring bipartisan legislation, known as the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act. This bill, which U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte is cosponsoring and has the support of the National Association of Manufacturers and the American Chemistry Council among others, will increase the use of energy efficiency technologies across the economy and create new jobs." - New Hampshire Business and Industry Association
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Shaheen staff to hold office tomorrow, July 31 from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm in Lebanon and 1:30 to 2:30 pm in Hanover. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
48 years ago today President Lyndon Johnson signed the Medicare Act into law and proclaimed,  “No longer will older Americans be denied the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years.”  48 years later, I’m reaffirming that commitment to reliable, affordable health care for our seniors, both today and for generations to come. Click LIKE & SHARE to share your commitment.
Click below to read Senator Shaheen's op-ed with Senator Rob Portman on how their bipartisan energy efficiency plan will create jobs, reduce pollution and save money for taxpayers and consumers.
Encouraging signs of growth for New Hampshire exports! With 95 percent of the world's customers living outside the United States, promoting our state’s exporting will create jobs and strengthen our economy right here in New Hampshire.
NA
Proud to help honor the Stratham Police Department for their courage under fire and dedication to protecting their community.
Happy birthday today to Walpole's own Ken Burns! Here's to hoping that Ken's wonderful story telling continues for decades more to come.
Senator Shaheen was joined by a coalition of business leaders and advocates this morning at Toyota Grappone in Bow to support her bipartisan energy efficiency legislation. The bill could come to the Senate floor for consideration as early as this week.  (June 29. Bow, NH)
Senator Shaheen had the pleasure of meeting with New Hampshire representatives from the Girls & Boys Nation program. Pictured from left to right are Genevieve Corman of Windham, Mollie Gills of Hollis, Grant Johnson of Brookline and Douglas Marino of Newfield.
A great shot from Ernie Mills of of the moon setting behind Mt. Washington! 
“Discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity simply has no place in the United States. The judicial process should represent our nation’s principles of inclusion and acceptance, and eliminating the discriminatory exclusion of LGBT jurors is a necessary step to meeting that goal.” - CJS
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
The Charlie Morgan Act to expand benefits for same-sex military couples cleared a major legislative hurdle today when it was passed by the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee. The bill is named after NH Chief Warrant Office Charlie Morgan, who passed away earlier this year after a battle with breast cancer. Morgan’s wife and daughter have not been eligible for certain survivor benefits because of the definition of “spouse” in federal code.
Reaffirming her commitment to making college affordable for New Hampshire students and families, Senator Shaheen took to the Senate floor this afternoon to voice her support for a bipartisan compromise to keep student loan interest rates low. Click below to watch.
Senator Shaheen had lunch today with the 2013 class of Summer Interns. These students hail from across New Hampshire and have been a great addition to Team Shaheen while gaining first hand experience in public service. If you or anyone you know is interested in the intern program with Senator Shaheen, please visit http://bit.ly/N0AXcL.
Shaheen staff to hold office on Wednesday, July 31 from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm in Lebanon and 1:30 to 2:30 pm in Hanover. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
Congratulations to Dayton Duncan of Walpole on his Emmy nomination for Outstanding Writing!
NA
NA
NA
Great to meet with law enforcement and military personnel today at the University of New Hampshire to discuss continued efforts to fight sexual assault in the military.
SHAHEEN, COLLINS SCORE CRITICAL FISHERY DISASTER RELIEF IN APPROPRIATIONS BILL: Good news for New Hampshire fishermen due in part to the bipartisan efforts of Senator Shaheen and Senator Susan Collins.
Bipartisan momentum continued today for Shaheen-supported legislation to fight military sexual abuse with the announcement of support from Martha Rainville, the first woman in the history of the National Guard to serve as a state Adjutant General.   "This substantive and visible change will support a safer environment for all of our military men and women... [and] will contribute to a stronger and more effective force,” Rainville said.
NA
Great feature in The New York Times on Concord, New Hampshire and some of the great things the city has to offer!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today after Governor Maggie Hassan formally requested disaster relief for Cheshire, Grafton and Sullivan counties. The federal relief would be used to help repair damage due to severe storms and flooding that lasted from June 26th through July 3rd.  “The severe storms and flooding caused widespread damage across New Hampshire and our communities need help to repair damages.  We should get this assistance to the affected communities without delay. Our citizens must know that we are standing with them during these difficult times.”
Staff members from Senator Shaheen's office will be holding Office Hours in Salem tomorrow, July 17, from 11:00 am to 12:00 pm. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
Hoping everyone at New Hampshire Motor Speedway is enjoying race day! The Granite State is especially proud to recognize the first responders from the Boston Marathon bombing and Newton school shootings who are being honored in Loudon today.
Congratulations to Exeter's Victoria Arlen, nominated for the ESPY Awards as the "Best Female Athlete With a Disability." New Hampshire is proud of Victoria's achievements and fortunate to have such a wonderful role model to inspire us all!
Harbor Homes community center in Nashua receives $1 million grant to help fight veterans homelessness.
NA
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
This is great.
It was an honor to welcome General Martin Dempsey to New Hampshire to highlight the Granite State's critical contributions to our national security!
Staff members from Senator Shaheen's office will be holding Office Hours in Pelham this Thursday, July 11, from 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm at Pelham Town Hall. All area residents are encouraged to attend!
NA
Congratulations to Spaulding High School seniors Naomie Clark, Ali Trueworthy, and Jackie McNally, who took the gold at this year's SkillsUSA National Competition in Kansas City. These young women are a great example of the innovative spirit of the Granite State and show the vital importance of Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) education that will help build the future of our country.
Today is a wonderful time to gather with family and friends, to thank those who have sacrificed for our country, and to reflect on the freedoms we are granted as Americans. Happy Fourth of July!
Flood watches are still in effect across the Granite State. Be sure to take necessary precautions and please do not hesitate to contact my office if there is anything we can do to assist those affected. 
NA
Great to hold events with Brand USA today in Portsmouth and Weirs Beach to discuss the vital importance of travel and tourism to the New Hampshire economy. Tourism is the second largest industry in the state and supports thousands of jobs across the state. Learn more about Brand USA at www.thebrandusa.com and feel free to send in photos and videos of all the great attractions that make the Granite State so special!
NA
Did you miss Experience New Hampshire (and the food that went with it) or just want to relive the experience? Then this video is for you! Check it out!
Please share and protect student loan rates from doubling!   Watch and share Senator Shaheen's floor speech if you too think Congress should prevent a student loan rate hike and keep higher education affordable.
Today Senator Shaheen voted for bipartisan immigration reform. The historic legislation passed 68-32 and represents the right way forward.   Like and share if you support commonsense, comprehensive immigration reform!
"The Supreme Court’s actions this morning are a victory for the belief that all Americans are created equal. Today the court sided with freedom over discrimination and for a countless number of couples, the Court’s decision to strike down DOMA represents a historic step toward full and equal treatment under the law.    This is a particularly great moment for many children of same-sex couples, including so many who I consider to be great friends; from this day forward these children will live in a country that treats their parents as the equal citizens they are."   -JS
Thank you, Senator Wendy R. Davis for standing up for women everywhere!
I’m disappointed the Supreme Court struck down one of the most important achievements of the Civil Rights movement in its ruling today. 
 
 Our right to vote is one of our most important freedoms and the Voting Rights Act has protected that right for millions of Americans since President Johnson signed it into law back in 1965. While we have made progress since then, the fact is that voter suppression and discrimination sadly still exists in our country, and that fact underscores the need to keep voting rights protections in place.  
 
 It’s now up to Congress to act on our responsibility to protect voting rights of all Americans and I hope that we do so quickly as possible. 
 
 -JS
Share if you agree with Senator Shaheen in that we have a moral obligation to address climate change and the time for action is now! #energyefficiency #climatechange #jobs
Senator Jeanne Shaheen and the New Hampshire State Society welcomed more than 35 New Hampshire businesses to the fourth annual Experience New Hampshire reception on Capitol Hill this evening.  The annual reception, which followed the New Hampshire Business Day luncheon, brings together businesses, organizations and policymakers in showcasing Granite State small businesses and products.
I had a great time touring the the Coca Cola Bottling Company in Londonderry today. They're a terrific example of a business already benefiting and saving money from the energy efficiency practices that Shaheen-Portman would promote.
On Wednesday, June 19th, Senator Jeanne Shaheen hosted more than 150 members of the New Hampshire business community in Washington for her 3rd Annual New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon. The event gives the New Hampshire business community an opportunity to come to Capitol Hill and hear directly from government leaders and key congressional officials about federal programs and agencies that support, regulate, and offer research and technical assistance to businesses. To read more about the 3rd Annual New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon, click here: http://1.usa.gov/17Ygoqv
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Keeping up with Small Business Week, Senator Shaheen brought New Hampshire small businesses and policymakers together for the 3rd Annual New Hampshire Business Day Luncheon. #SmallBizWeek
Max the Moose has arrived and I'm looking forward to welcoming New Hampshire businesses and organizations to give Washington a chance to #ExperienceNH tonight!
We are thrilled to welcome more than 35 New Hampshire businesses and vendors to Capitol Hill tomorrow for the fourth annual Experience New Hampshire reception! The exhibition will feature the great dining, tourism, hospitality and business groups important to the New Hampshire economy to help showcase the best of what the Granite State has to offer.
New Hampshire has some of the highest student loan debt in the nation. We have an obligation to make higher education affordable, for the benefit of our students and for the future of our country.
Senator Shaheen delivered the commencement address congratulating graduates of Manchester West High School at Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester this weekend. (June 14, 2013)
We are looking forward to seeing you, Max the Moose! And we are thrilled to be again hosting so many great New Hampshire businesses for our annual Experience New Hampshire reception to showcase all that the Granite State has to offer!  
Flag Day is an opportunity to honor one of the world’s most powerful symbols of liberty and freedom – the American flag. Today, I join all Americans in honoring our Stars and Stripes, and the ideals of freedom and democracy that it so powerfully represents.
Saying thank you to all who have served our country today on the 238th birthday of the The U.S. Army. 
"Common sense immigration reform is long overdue. We need to fix our broken immigration system by strengthening our borders, cracking down on employers who hire undocumented workers, and finding a sensible way to deal with the millions of undocumented workers who are already living in America without paying taxes. I was disappointed by the Senate's lack of progress this week on comprehensive reform, and I am hopeful that we will move quickly when the Senate reconvenes next week. We have an obligation to address this issue without delay." - JS
Ready for Game 1 of the NHL Finals! Let's go B's!
The Senate Armed Services Committee today approved a proposal introduced by Senator Shaheen to change the way the Pentagon designates sexual assault prevention officers, adding a new level of accountability and scrutiny in efforts to end sexual abuse in our military. Click below to read more about Senator Shaheen's continued leadership on this critical issue.
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Click below to watch Senator Shaheen on msnbc this morning highlighting the need for reform in the way that the military handles sexual assault to end the unacceptable pattern of abuse in the United States Armed Forces.
Will be appearing on Jansing & Co. on msnbc at 10:45 a.m. this morning to discuss my continued efforts to wipe out the unacceptable pattern of sexual abuse in our military. Don't forget to tune in.
Senator Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte, Chair and Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee on Readiness and Management Support,  today rejected the Administration’s request for another round of military base closures and helped to make important investments to strengthen our national security. As leaders of the Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, Shaheen and Ayotte have worked closely in advocating for New Hampshire’s military facilities, with a particularly strong commitment to the future strength of the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and have each opposed new BRAC rounds. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/14v19SJ
Senator Shaheen and Judd Gregg routinely crossed party lines to work together for New Hampshire during their time together in the Senate, and they continue to work together to protect the natural resources and scenic beauty of the Granite State. Click below to read their Op-Ed in the The Concord Monitor where they called for the state to protect the Connecticut Headwaters from the potential threat of power transmission towers.
On the 50th anniversary of Equal Pay Day, we must reaffirm our commitment to equal pay and equal rights for women across the country. As long as millions of American women continue to earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men, there is clearly much work to be done. This isn't just an womens issue, but one that affects our entire economy - and when women aren't paid what they deserve, we all pay the price. We can and must do better.
"The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty loving people everywhere march with you." - Dwight D. Eisenhower. June 6, 1944.  On the anniversary of D-Day today, we honor the courageous troops who gave so much to our country and we salute those who did not make it home. Our gratitude is eternal.
94 years ago today, Congress passed the 19th amendment to allow women the right to vote. Today's anniversary is a reminder that the movement for progress and positive change is always evolving, and there is still much work to be done to ensure freedom and equality for all.
"When our courageous men and women put on a uniform to protect our country, they deserve the best possible treatment and protection that our nation can provide. The alarming reports of sexual assault in our Armed Forces demonstrate that we are not living up to our responsibilities in that respect. It is beyond time to take action." - JS
In case you missed Senator Shaheen on msnbc this morning, click below to watch Senator Shaheen's appearance highlighting the crisis of sexual assault in the military and her efforts to address this critical issue.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing on msnbc with Thomas Roberts today at 11:10 a.m. to discuss her ongoing efforts to fight the crisis of sexual assault in our military. Don't forget to tune in!
NA
After repeatedly pushing the VA to expand veterans healthcare in New Hampshire’s North Country, Senator Shaheen today welcomed the news that the VA will begin meeting with health care providers in the Colebrook area to discuss establishing a part-time VA clinic there.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen spoke at Nashua Community College this morning to announce the launch of the Senate STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) Education and Workforce Caucus and discuss her legislation to support STEM education in schools across the country. Shaheen is a co-chair of the Senate STEM caucus, a bipartisan coalition of senators focused on raising awareness on STEM education and advancing STEM opportunities to help maintain America’s competitive edge in the global economy. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/11h3YCy
With today marking the fourth anniversary of New Hampshire's Freedom to Marry law, Senator Shaheen took the opportunity to reiterate her call to support national equality and repeal discriminatory policies like DOMA:   “I’m proud to celebrate the fourth anniversary of marriage equality in New Hampshire. New Hampshire’s leadership on this issue should serve as a model for the entire country. Equality and freedom are two of our country’s most important principles and we have a moral obligation to make sure all Americans are treated equally and fairly. We need to repeal discriminatory laws like the Defense of Marriage Act because they wrongfully deny LGBT Americans equal treatment under the law, and we need to make sure all Americans have the freedom to marry the person they love.” - JS
“I am deeply saddened by New Jersey Senator Frank Lautenberg's passing. Senator Lautenberg lived an incredible life of public service dedicated to making life better for the people of his state and of our country. In serving our county both on the battlefield and in the U.S. Senate, he brought a leadership and vision that will be sorely missed and never forgotten. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends.”  - JS
Emphasizing the need to increase government transparency and reduce wasteful spending, Senator Shaheen has called on the White House to make reforms to an outdated classification system that increases government secrecy and costs taxpayers money - Via The Huffington Post
Via JDRF Advocacy - We focus on the Senate Diabetes Caucus co-chairs, and two of JDRF’s most committed and effective supporters: Senator Susan Collins of Maine and Senator Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire. These two distinguished senators—one a Republican and one a Democrat—have made crossing party lines look just as easy as crossing the border between their two home states.
“This funding is good news for veterans in the Granite State and a boost to our ongoing efforts to make sure our veterans have stable housing and a roof over their heads. Our nation owes a deep debt to all servicemembers who have answered the call of duty, and we have a responsibility to provide the resources and services to ensure their needs are met." - JS
NA
With the opening of the Manchester Vet Center, New Hampshire veterans now have a new facility to call their own. They have earned the right to quality, local care and deserve nothing less.
"This Memorial Day, Americans will come together to pay tribute to the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in pursuit of peace and freedom for our country. New Hampshire has a proud tradition of service, and today we pay tribute to our fallen heroes – our mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters – who did not return home. Their heroic service will never be forgotten." - JS
Today Senator Shaheen celebrated Pease Air National Guard Base, home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing, as the newly selected top Air National Guard base to receive the KC-46A tanker. This is great news for Pease and the talented, dedicated members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing. 
 
 Click "LIKE" and share to congratulate Pease Air National Guard Base on this exciting victory for New Hampshire!
Senator Shaheen, a recognized leader in STEM education efforts, introduced the Innovation Inspiration School Grant Program to boost access to STEM education opportunities. Read more about how Senator Shaheen's legislation would promote programs like FIRST Robotics: http://1.usa.gov/13PPJIO
“We have a responsibility to take care of our veterans and the VA isn’t currently doing enough. The claims backlog is unacceptable and we still have too many veterans out on the streets. Some of our nation’s law schools are greatly reducing processing times for the most difficult benefits claims and expanding access to legal services, both of which are key to preventing homelessness. This bill would authorize the VA to work more closely with these programs and lower barriers for additional schools to develop their own. Our goal is to have a veterans legal clinic in each state.” - JS
"Very excited to visit Pease Air National Guard Base tomorrow with Governor Maggie Hassan to congratulate members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing for Pease's selection to receive the new, next generation KC-46A tanker. The selection is a terrific recognition of the exceptional work carried out by New Hampshire's National Guard." - JS
“Capping crop insurance subsidies will save taxpayers billions and help reduce our deficit. These subsidies represent some of the most egregious examples of excess government spending and if we implement these reforms, we can save $3.4 billion over ten years. This is a matter of common-sense.” – JS
Great news! Senator Shaheen and Senator Ayotte announced today that U.S. Air Force has selected Pease Air National Guard Base – home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing – as the top Air National Guard base to receive the new KC-46A tanker. Senator Shaheen has worked extensively over the past several years to highlight Pease’s many strategic advantages and the 157th’s exceptional record of service that make Pease the ideal choice for this next generation tanker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/11bEY47
Today marks the 100-year anniversary of New Hampshire's First-in-the-Nation Presidential Primary. Over the last century, our primary has played a critical role in paving the road to the White House and has made the Granite State one of the most politically important states in the country. The primary’s success is a testament to the incredible grassroots activism and civic engagement of New Hampshire citizens. We are proud to celebrate today and are looking forward to the next 100 years!
The crisis of sexual assault in our military is not just a numbers game: these are real stories with human faces. Thank you to Judy Atwood-Bell of Hudson for raising her voice on this issue and letting victims of sexual abuse know that they are not alone.
Via The Huffington Post - The findings come in response to a letter Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) sent to all the IGs in early April, inquiring about the effect sequestration will have on their work. Shaheen has been working to empower IGs and make sure that the government is being held accountable for the taxpayer dollars it spends.
Flashback Friday: Then-Governor Jeanne Shaheen says hello to New Hampshire children outside the State House in Concord.
Senator Shaheen spoke at a press conference this morning with a bipartisan group of senators to call for immediate action to address sexual assault in the military. Shaheen has been a leader in fighting the crisis of sexual abuse in our Armed Forces and has worked extensively to provide care and services for victims. Click below to watch.
In a speech on the Senate floor, Senator Shaheen denounced the obstructionism of Republican senators who boycotted the nomination vote of Gina McCarthy to head the Environmental Protection Agency. Last week, all eight Republicans on the Environment and Public Works Committee refused to attend the hearing for Ms. McCarthy, meaning that the nomination vote could not be held.
Senator Shaheen today called for a complete and thorough audit of the IRS by the agency’s inspector general. Shaheen's call comes after IRS employees were caught abusing their power and targeting select tax-exempt organizations for additional scrutiny based on their partisan leanings. Read more below.
It was an honor to join New Hampshire law enforcement officials and the entire Congressional delegation to pay tribute to the heroism of fallen Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney. (Washington, DC. May 15)
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte today welcomed the Pentagon decision to exempt shipyard workers from furloughs:   “We’re pleased that the Department of Defense and the Navy recognize the importance of shipyard workers to our national security.  This exemption should allow the workers at our four public shipyards, including Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, to continue their critical work maintaining our nation’s naval readiness without interruption.  This announcement gives our shipyard employees the financial certainty they deserve and allows the shipyards to avoid furloughs that would have resulted in costly delays in ship and submarine maintenance.”
Senator Shaheen will pay tribute to fallen Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney this evening at memorial service in Washington as part of National Police Week, an annual remembrance for officers who have died in the line of duty. Maloney, a 26-year law enforcement professional, was killed by gunfire during a drug raid on April 12, 2012 in Greenland, NH.
Great to see New Hampshire companies seeing the direct cost saving benefits of energy efficiency. Energy efficiency is a clean, fast and cost-effective approach to create strong jobs in the Granite State and improve our nation's energy independence.
What a great win for the Boston Bruins!
This week is National Women’s Health Week, a week to promote women’s health and empower women to lead a healthy lifestyle. As a mother and grandmother, Senator Shaheen knows firsthand the importance of healthy lifestyles and the responsibility women often hold as the health care decision-makers in the family.     Last week, Senator Shaheen cosponsored the Gestational Diabetes Act of 2013 aimed at lowering the incidence of women developing diabetes during pregnancy and preventing women and children from developing type 2 diabetes later in life.  Visit http://1.usa.gov/126NLAJ to read about one of the ways Senator Shaheen is working to protect women’s health.
Senator Shaheen partnered with Under Secretary Rose Gottemoeller for forums in Concord and Manchester today to discuss the role of export control and STEM Education to growing New Hampshire’s economy. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/13VliA5
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today condemning the IRS's undue scrutiny on organizations based on their political affiliations:  "The news that the IRS targeted organizations for additional review based on their political affiliations is deeply troubling and deserves full investigation.  This was an outrageous abuse of power that must be addressed. The IRS cannot be in the business of singling out organizations based on their political beliefs, and the President should act quickly and decisively in holding those responsible for this abuse accountable."
Wishing a very happy Mother's Day to all mothers in New Hampshire and across the country!
Honored to have shared in the commencement of Keene State College Class of 2013! It was a very special day and I congratulate all the grads and the parents, families, friends and professors who helped mark this tremendous achievement.  - JS
Senator Jeanne Shaheen today honored the courage and sacrifice of University of New Hampshire athlete Cameron Lyle, who gave up the final meets of his senior season to donate bone marrow to an anonymous recipient.  In their meeting, Shaheen presented Lyle with a statement she submitted to the Congressional Record to honor his “tremendous selflessness and compassion.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/12m5JzE (May, 10. Durham, NH)
Reminder: Senator Shaheen is hosting the New Hampshire Military Service Academy Day tomorrow, May 11, in Concord. For more information, visit: http://1.usa.gov/Y6RTE6.
Wonderful to talk to members of New Hampshire members of Girls Inc. about what it means to be part of the nation’s first all-female congressional delegation. The opportunities are boundless for our next generation of women leaders!
“This week the department’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office (SAPRO) released a damning report suggesting that the number of sexual assault cases has risen dramatically in the past two years, despite DOD’s ‘zero tolerance policy.'  It is clear that our military is facing an immediate and growing crisis, which requires a renewed sense of urgency.” - JS
“I was deeply disappointed to see Republican members of the Environment and Public Works committee fail to appear at the confirmation hearing for EPA nominee, Gina McCarthy. Ms. McCarthy has earned and deserves a fair hearing.  She has both the experience and expertise to do the job.  The refusal of senators to even participate in her confirmation hearing is simply unacceptable.  This type of obstructionism and grandstanding has no place in our government, and I am hopeful that the committee will quickly reschedule this vote and move forward in good faith with McCarthy’s nomination.” - JS
Senator Shaheen is on her way to the White House this morning to participate in a discussion on rooting out sexual assault in the military. It is an urgent priority to end the unacceptable pattern of sexual assault in our military that has gone on for too long.
Take a moment to read my Op-Ed with Manchester Mayor Ted Gatsas on why the Manchester Job Corps Center is good news for New Hampshire's young workers and our economic future:
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
NA
Just a few short weeks after its introduction, the energy efficiency and job creation strategy created by Senator Shaheen and Senator Rob Portman today passed the Senate Committee on Energy by a bipartisan vote of 19-3. 
 
 “At a time when bipartisan agreement is unfortunately hard to come by, it is clear that energy efficiency is one area where we can all find common ground. With energy efficiency, we have the cleanest, fastest, and most cost-efficient way to strengthen our economy and create American jobs, while also addressing our nation’s energy challenges," said Shaheen and Portman.
 
 Read more: http://1.usa.gov/143T4CB
Senator Shaheen and staff wearing grey today as part of Breathe New Hampshire's efforts to promote healthy living and raise asthma awareness!
"Thank you to all the teachers in New Hampshire and across the country who commit day in and day out to bettering the lives of our young people. As a former school teacher, I understand that a quality education is key to creating a better and brighter future for our students and our country. On National Teacher Appreciation Day, we all offer sincere gratitude to our teachers for all they do.” – JS   If you have an influential teacher that you'd like to thank, click to "Like" and "Share".
Senator Shaheen this morning condemned the latest allegations of sexual misconduct in the military after it was reported yesterday that an Air Force sexual assault prevention officer was charged with sexual battery over the weekend.  "These latest allegations are disgusting and unacceptable,” Shaheen said. "We’ve seen one too many reports about sexual assault in the military and it’s time for the Pentagon to take action."
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today after voting against Internet sales tax legislation:    "I was disappointed the Senate passed such a misguided piece of legislation this afternoon and did so without giving the bill the comprehensive review that it deserved.  This internet sales tax bill would impose countless new burdens on small businesses and could stunt their ability to expand and create jobs," Shaheen said.  "We shouldn’t be imposing new and unnecessary burdens on New Hampshire small businesses, especially when there is no benefit for our state. This bill creates a bureaucratic nightmare by forcing New Hampshire small businesses to comply with 46 different state laws. This could result in serious economic consequences including audits, lawsuits, and a countless number of hours lost in productivity.    “I will continue to fight this policy because small businesses deserve our support, not more bureaucracy and red tape that impedes their ability to grow.”
Via Seacoastonline.com, a telling reminder why an Internet sales tax would be bad for business and bad for the Granite State.
"At a time when too many Americans are unemployed, too many businesses are struggling to deal with rising energy costs and the country relies too heavily on foreign oil, implementing an energy efficiency strategy is a matter of common sense," Senator Shaheen wrote in the Nashua Telegraph this week on her bipartisan energy efficiency bill.  Read more below on why the bill is a win-win-win for America's economy, environment and energy independence.
"Happy Greek Easter to my many Greek-American friends in New Hampshire and across the country!" - JS
“Granite Staters will always remember exactly where they were ten years ago when they heard the sad news that the Old Man of the Mountain had been lost. While he no longer stands proudly on the mountains of New Hampshire, the Old Man will always be remembered as a Granite State symbol of liberty, freedom and independence.” - JS
 
 In commemoration of the tenth anniversary of the loss of the Old Man on the Mountain, Senator Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte have introduced a Senate resolution honoring New Hampshire’s state symbol. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/Zsnr2m
In honor of tomorrow’s 10th anniversary of the loss of the Old Man on the Mountain, we remember the timeless words of Daniel Webster:   “Men hang out their signs indicative of their respective trades; shoe makers hang out a gigantic shoe; jewelers a monster watch, and the dentist hangs out a gold tooth; but up in the Mountains of New Hampshire, God Almighty has hung out a sign to show that there he makes men." – Daniel Webster
Congratulations to Good Leads business development firm in Salem, named the Small Business Exporter of the Year for New Hampshire and New England. Promoting exports, particularly when it comes to small businesses in New Hampshire, is a tremendous tool for creating jobs and spurring our economic growth, and that is a goal we can all rally around!
Last year, Senator Shaheen helped end a three decade-long discriminatory policy that prevented women in the military from receiving the same health care coverage as the civilians they protect. The Shaheen Amendment, which would provide servicewomen coverage for reproductive care if they are victims of rape or incest, passed through Congress with broad bipartisan support and was signed into the law by the President. Now, Shaheen is joining with Senator Lautenberg to make sure that women serving in the Peace Corps receive the benefits they deserve. Read more below.
Senator Shaheen, the co-author of the bipartisan Energy Savings and Industrial Competiveness Act,  toured the Somersworth facilities of Favorite Foods, a New Hampshire foodservice distributor, to discuss her energy efficiency legislation and learn how the company has reduced its energy consumption by using energy efficient technologies.  Favorite Foods has implemented several energy efficiency initiatives to cut their energy costs and would further benefit from the Shaheen-Portman legislation that was recently reintroduced with Senator Rob Portman (R-Ohio). Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/YbKRLU.
Durham, New Hampshire. Credit: Harry Lichtman.
Senator Shaheen yesterday visited Favorite Foods in Somersworth to discuss the economic and environmental benefits of her bipartisan energy efficiency legislation. The bill is a win-win-win, Shaheen said, as it creates jobs, reduces our energy dependence and protects the environment. Read more below, via Foster's Daily Democrat.
It was an honor to say thank you to members of the New Hampshire Army National Guard 238th Aviation Unit today at a deployment ceremony in Concord. The 238th unit will be deploying 43 soldiers to Afghanistan, where they will be supplying medevac capabilities to U.S. forces. Thank you to the 238th unit and all those protecting our country. 
Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte today joined a bipartisan coalition of senators in calling upon the White House to take direct and urgent action to end the current Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) disability claims backlog. In the letter sent this morning to President Obama, the senators pointed to the unacceptable delays veterans are facing across the country, which in some cases reach more than 1000 days.  “Our men and women in uniform have made tremendous sacrifices for our country, and they should not have to spend months fighting an unresponsive bureaucracy to receive the benefits they have earned,” said Shaheen and Ayotte.  “We can and must do better, and we will aggressively push the VA to resolve the unacceptable disability claims backlog.”
It was wonderful to celebrate "Bring your Daughters and Sons to Work Day" in the Shaheen office! Pictured here are Shaheen Defense Fellow Tasya Lacy and her four children. Thank you for coming to visit!
Senator Jeanne Shaheen released the following statement today after the House and Senate both passed legislation to reverse the sequester-driven furloughing of 15,000 Federal Aviation Administration air traffic controllers:  “With the safety, efficiency and integrity of our air travel system on the line, I am glad Congress was finally able to come together in a bipartisan way to avoid future furloughing of air traffic controllers.  However, we can’t stop here. We still need to more completely address the sequester’s damaging, across-the-board cuts. The Senate budget I voted for accomplished that goal and offered a long-term, balanced solution toward addressing the debt and deficit without sacrificing critical national security and economic interests. These harmful, automatic cuts were never designed to be implemented and as this week’s furloughs unfortunately demonstrated, we must act to protect our economy and our workers from the crippling consequences.”
Great to meet with members of Milford High School's "We the People" program at the U.S. Capitol today!
Senators Shaheen is inviting New Hampshire students interested in attending any of the country’s military service academies to attend New Hampshire Military Service Academy Day on Saturday, May 11, in Concord. The event will feature representatives from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy and the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. They will be available to provide information and answer questions from interested students. For more information, visit http://1.usa.gov/Y6RTE6
See what's at stake for businesses in New Hampshire with the Internet sales tax. "Like" and "share" to help tell Congress that this tax is bad for businesses and bad for the Granite State.
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
“My amendment would exempt states like New Hampshire from this bill’s unnecessary red tape, bureaucracy, and economic consequences and I’m hopeful that the Senate will give it the consideration it deserves. The bottom line is that the federal government shouldn't force businesses in non-sales tax states to collect taxes for other jurisdictions and I will continue to seek opportunities to protect New Hampshire’s small businesses from this bill’s consequences.”  - JS
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor yesterday evening in opposition to the Internet sales tax legislation that the Senate is considering this week. Shaheen is opposed to the measure — which would require online retailers to establish a costly and burdensome sales tax collection infrastructure — and plans to file amendments to the bill to exempt New Hampshire from the new regulations.
An inspirational story of courage and selflessness from Cameron Lyle of Plaistow, who is choosing to end his college athletics career at the University of New Hampshire  to donate bone marrow to help a man suffering from leukemia. Cameron, your willingness to sacrifice to better the life of a someone you have never known represents the very best of the Granite State.
This week the Senate is considering bad-for-New Hampshire and bad-for-business Internet sales tax legislation. Senator Shaheen is opposes the tax and has released the following statement:   “This Internet sales tax legislation is bad for New Hampshire small businesses who shouldn’t be forced to collect sales taxes for other states.  I strongly oppose this measure because it would put a serious burden on small businesses that rely on the Internet to tap into growing markets, expand their operations, and create jobs.  Mandating that small businesses collect sales taxes for an additional 46 states and 9,600 tax jurisdictions would overload these entities with bureaucracy and red tape.   “Considering the myriad of problems with this legislation – including the absence of protections for small businesses in states without a sales tax – I have urged Senate leadership to consider this bill under regular order instead of fast-tracking it as they’re doing this week. I intend to file amendments to this bill to improve it because the Senate isn’t properly considering the ramifications of this measure.”
Today as we mark one week following the Boston Marathon bombings, please join in on a moment of silence honoring the victims of this horrific attack and their families.  Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick and Boston Mayor Thomas Menino have called for the minute of silence to take place at 2:50 p.m. this afternoon, the time the first of the two bombs exploded near the finish line one week ago.   In solidarity, Governor Hassan has called for the State of New Hampshire to join the people of the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in this moment of silence.   Boston, we stand with you. #BostonStrong
ICYMI: Check out NBC News piece on how New Hampshire's ‘first in the nation’ status is getting a new meaning with the first and only all-female delegation!
Thank you to all law enforcement officials for your courage, hard work, and dedication to protect and serve. #BostonStrong
"My thoughts and prayers are with the family of fallen MIT Police Officer Sean Collier and wounded officer Richard Donohue. We offer our heartfelt and enduring gratitude to our courageous law enforcement officers, today and always." - JS
Please help share this critical information from the FBI on the investigation in the Boston Marathon bombing. If you have visual images, videos or details regarding the explosions, submit them to the FBI at the link below. No detail is too small.
Senator Shaheen re-introduced bipartisan legislation today with Senator Rob Portman to promote energy efficiency across the United States. Their bill is a deficit-neutral plan that would strengthen the economy, save money for businesses and consumers, and protect the environment. It is a win-win-win. 
 
 “We don’t often get legislation that brings Republicans, Democrats, business, labor and environmental leaders together, but with this bill we have done that,” Senator Shaheen said. “Energy efficiency is the fastest, most cost-efficient way to tackle our energy needs and keep our economy competitive all while creating needed and sustainable jobs. Passing this bill would be a clear and quick win for the economy, taxpayers and the environment.” 
 
 Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XTnyZq
Senator Shaheen's statement on the defeat of Manchin-Toomey compromise to expand background checks to reduce gun violence:    “In New Hampshire we have a long tradition of safe and legal firearm ownership and that is a tradition I support and respect. But, as Americans, we also have a responsibility to work to reduce gun violence and to prevent horrible tragedies like the Newtown shooting. Conducting background checks on individuals seeking to purchase firearms is a matter of common sense and the Manchin-Toomey bill provided a bipartisan framework to help meet that objective. This proposal represented a pragmatic and sensible way to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people while protecting the rights of law-abiding citizens and I am disappointed that this legislation failed to advance. I am hopeful that we can continue this debate and in the future, move forward with policies that effectively reduce gun violence while safeguarding the rights of law-abiding citizens.”
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
Via The Concord Monitor, read about Senator Shaheen's fight for commonsense, price-saving reforms to the U.S. sugar program that costs consumers and businesses an estimated $3.5 billion and 20,000 jobs a year.
617-635-4500 is Boston hot line for those trying to locate friends and loved ones.
Thoughts and prayers are with all those in Boston and all of their loved ones.
With millions of Americans filing their taxes on tax day today, Senator Shaheen introduced this morning the Simpler Filing Act, legislation to streamline the federal tax return process and save billions of dollars for American consumers.
Best of luck to JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) Marathon Team and all those who will be running in tomorrow's Boston Marathon!
Congratulations to Bill Vasil, pictured here with his wife of 65 years Alice, for receiving long-overdue military medals for his service in World War II. Thank you to all of our men and women in uniform for their courage and commitment to our country.
Great to meet students from New Hampshire's Piermont Village School who were in Washington this week!
We are very excited that the Navy will be naming their new combat ship the USS Manchester in honor of Manchester, New Hampshire! Our question is for you: how should the USS Manchester best capture the spirit of New Hampshire's Queen City? What are some things that make Manchester so special?   Send in your favorite pictures of Manchester to  shaheenstaff@gmail.com and we will feature great Manchester shots as our cover photo in recognition of this tremendous honor from the U.S. Navy!
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the terrible tragedy in Greenland that took the life of Police Chief Michael Maloney and injured four other officers. We pay tribute to Chief Maloney today and say thank you to all of our law enforcement officers for all you do to keep New Hampshire a safer place for our children, families and loved ones.
Very exciting news! The next combat ship in the fleet of the U.S. Navy will be named the USS Manchester after Manchester, New Hampshire - a great honor for the Queen City and the Granite State!   “The naming of USS Manchester is a tremendous honor for the city of Manchester and a testament to the incredible work carried out by New Hampshire’s men and women who serve in uniform. The Queen City of New Hampshire, Manchester is an economic engine of Northern New England and a vibrant, innovative hub for the Granite State. Congratulations to Manchester on this wonderful honor.” - JS
“The loss of the U.S.S. Thresher and its courageous crew was a profound tragedy for the Portsmouth Naval shipyard community, New Hampshire, and the nation.  Fifty years after the death of the Thresher’s 129 crew members, we can say without a doubt that their deaths were not in vain, and their memory endures. The crew of the U.S.S. Thresher inspired the creation and implementation of the most comprehensive naval submarine safety program in the world.  Their legacy of service and sacrifice are carried not only in our hearts, but in the rigorous steps we now take to protect and safeguard every submarine and crew that enters our waters.” - JS
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
The time to address the gender wage gap is long overdue. As we mark Equal Pay Day this week, we must renew our commitment to pay equity by supporting the Paycheck Fairness Act which will help end pay discrimination.
"On the 50th anniversary of the loss of the USS Thresher, we pay tribute to the 129 men who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country. We honor you and your families, and thank you for a courage and selflessness that will never be forgotten." - JS
ICYMI: The Washington Post isn't so sweet on sugar's sweet deal either, endorses Shaheen-Kirk Sugar Reform Act: Congress should liberate the sugar business. At a minimum, it should pass the bipartisan Sugar Reform Act of 2013, which would eliminate the sugar-for-ethanol program and make trade restrictions and price supports more flexible.  "Like" and share if you want to stop sugar's sweet deal.
Senator Shaheen on new GAO report findings: "There is a better way to reduce the deficit ... our first step toward a comprehensive deficit solution should be eliminating outdated and unnecessary programs, and this report demonstrates that there are many opportunities for us to implement those types of responsible, targeted spending cuts."
Today is Equal Pay Day, join Senator Shaheen in calling an end to pay discrimination.     “Pay discrimination doesn't just hurt workers and our economy; it chips away at one of our country’s fundamental principles of equality.  Equal work demands equal pay, but an unacceptable income gap persists. Today, on Equal Pay Day, I am reaffirming my commitment to a goal we haven’t yet met.  As long as millions of American women continue to only earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men, we clearly still have a lot of work to do.” -JS
Senator Shaheen applauds Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel’s decision to seek changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice to will help ensure justice for sexual assault victims:    “I am encouraged Secretary Hagel has acknowledged the need to reform the military justice system and has reaffirmed his commitment to ending sexual assault in the military. Secretary Hagel’s response to recommendations put forth by myself and Senator Boxer is obviously welcome news but also underscores how much more work remains ahead of us. We have an obligation to do everything in our power to bring offenders to justice and I’m committed to accomplishing that goal. I look forward to working with the Pentagon to implement much needed legislative reforms to the Uniform Code of Military Justice and to address sexual assault in the military.”
Paying tribute today to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, the Iron Lady. Thatcher was a great friend to the United States and a global inspiration for women in government.
NA
Flashback Friday: Then-Governor Shaheen at Pease Air National Guard Base!
Senator Shaheen had this to say on the March employment report released today:   “Today’s jobs report shows that automatic, indiscriminate cuts are absolutely not the way to grow our economy. We need a balanced plan to deal with our debt and deficits while also creating jobs and protecting our economic interests, and the sequester is not going to accomplish that goal. Simply put, we must be smarter about the way we address our budget. Congress has an opportunity to work together across party lines to replace the sequester with a long-term, bipartisan plan that strengthens our economy and protects American families, and I am hopeful we can come together to find that common-ground.”
"I am honored for the opportunity to pay tribute tomorrow to those lost aboard the USS Thresher" - JS
Paralympic gold medalist Victoria Arlen of Exeter dropped the ceremonial puck at the Boston Bruins game this week. Very cool! Watch here: http://bit.ly/Xg5aaK
Don't forget: members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours today, April 4 from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, and Berlin. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
NA
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on Thursday, April 4 from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, and Berlin. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
In case you missed it, read Foster's Daily Democrat editorial on Senator Shaheen's efforts to fix Washington's broken budget system by taking a lesson from New Hampshire's biennial budgeting.
NA
"A wonderful Easter with family today! I hope that everyone in New Hampshire and across the country had a wonderful day with their loved ones." - JS
Wishing a very happy Easter to everyone in New Hampshire today!
Senator Shaheen honored our nation's Vietnam Veterans at a  Welcome Home Ceremony in Concord today as part of Vietnam Veterans Day. (March 30, 2013. Concord)
Great win for UNH Wildcats Men's Hockey tonight in Manchester! The road to the frozen four continues tomorrow.
NA
Wishing the best of luck to the UNH Wildcats Men's Ice Hockey team as they take on Denver tonight in Manchester. The road to the frozen four begins tonight - go Wildcats!
NA
NA
Senator Shaheen helped celebrate Women’s History Month today as she spoke at a meeting of the Women’s Resource Network at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard about the importance of women in the fields of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). Shaheen underscored the need to attract women to emerging careers in STEM and highlighted the STEM initiatives already underway at the Shipyard. Read more below.
Senator Shaheen teamed up with New England Patriots Vince Wilfork for Diabetes Alert Day at Gilbert H. Hood Middle School in Derry. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/11IlalT
“I’m glad the Supreme Court is hearing the challenges to Prop. 8 and DOMA because legalized discrimination is absolutely unacceptable and goes against the tenets of our country.  LGBT Americans and families deserve equal treatment and I’m hopeful the high court will strike down these discriminatory laws. Equality and freedom are at the core of who we are as Americans, and that means freedom for all of us, not just some of us." - JS
"Passing along my best wishes to all those in New Hampshire and across the country who will be celebrating Passover this evening!" - JS
Happy to commemorate Greek Independence Day! Today we honor the 192nd anniversary of Greece's independence and reaffirm our country's solidarity with a valued ally.
"I join all those in New Hampshire in mourning the passing of Speaker Harold Burns. Throughout his many years of service to the Granite State, Speaker Burns' common-sense leadership and unwavering commitment to public service made our state a better place. My thoughts and prayers go out to the entire Burns family." - JS
NA
Will be joining The Kudlow Report at 7:10 pm this evening to discuss budget negotiations and my biennial budgeting proposal to convert the federal spending process to a two-year budget cycle -  a system proven to work with New Hampshire as an example.
This afternoon the Senate passed by a vote of 56-43 Senator Shaheen's budget amendment to protect women's access to primary, preventative and reproductive health care. Click below to watch Shaheen's remarks on the Senate floor today and read more here: http://1.usa.gov/WSJ92O
Senator Shaheen will be joining forces once again with New England Patriots Vince Wilfork next Tuesday at Gilbert H. Hood Middle School in Derry to promote Diabetes Alert Day. Shaheen and Wilfork will be speaking to students about diabetes awareness and the importance of healthy living. Below is their PSA from this past fall on diabetes awareness. Click "like" and "share" to show your support for Senator Shaheen and Vince!
NA
NA
Senator Shaheen, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services Committees, had this to say today in response to reports that chemical weapons have been utilized in Syria.   “The reports of chemical weapon use in Syria raise grave concerns over the security of this extremely unstable region and the safety of the people of Syria and our allies in the Middle East. There is no question that Syria holds significant chemical weapons stockpiles that present a serious security threat to the region and to the United States. While these reports are still officially unconfirmed, we must remain vigilant and stand ready to act with our allies and partners to ensure these dangerous weapons don’t fall into the hands of terrorists and that those involved in the use of chemical weapons are held accountable.”
Senator Shaheen, along with Senator Susan Collins, Senator Kelly Ayotte and Senator Angus S. King, Jr., released the following statement today responding to reports that indicate the Defense Department plans to issue furlough notices to civilian employees, including those at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, later this week:  “These furloughs are a product of an entirely avoidable situation and it’s disappointing that Congress and the President failed to replace the automatic cuts known as ‘sequestration’ with a comprehensive plan to stabilize our debt and deficits. We need a bipartisan and long-term deficit reduction solution that will avoid the impacts of these cuts, which are already threatening jobs and families in New Hampshire and Maine, and we remain committed to working together to finding that solution.”
"Sen. Jeanne Shaheen wants to try something new in Washington, and she’s drawing inspiration from her home state..."   Click below to read today's editorial in The Keene Sentinel about Senator Shaheen's biennial budgeting proposal.
“Equality and freedom are at the core of who we are as Americans, and that means freedom for all of us, not just some of us. I am proud to see Hillary Clinton affirm her support today for the freedom to marry and stand up for the rights of all Americans, gay and straight.” - JS
Flashback Friday: Then-Governor Shaheen outside the New Hampshire Statehouse in 1997. Hard to believe that this photo is almost 16 years old!
“Congratulations to Centrix Bank’s Joe Reilly, named 2013 Citizen of the Year by the Greater Manchester Chamber of Commerce. I have had the pleasure of working with Joe on my Small Business Advisory Council and know firsthand that this honor is well-deserved!" - JS
“The budget process is broken. We’ve dealt with one too many manufactured budget crises and now automatic cuts are threating jobs and economic growth because of Washington’s inability to budget properly. We can’t fix our debt and deficits until we fix our budget process, and biennial budgeting is a smart way to move forward.”   - JS  Isakson, Shaheen introduce Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations Act: http://1.usa.gov/YukEnL
NA
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Click below to watch Senator Shaheen's interview with Andrea Mitchell on the need to address sexual abuse in our armed forces. At a Senate Armed Services subcommittee hearing this morning, Shaheen pressed top-ranking members of the military on steps to prevent sexual abuse and potential reforms to the military justice system. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/YooHVz
Senator Shaheen will be speaking about this morning's hearing on sexual assault in the military at 1:15 p.m. with Andrea Mitchell Reports on MSNBC. Tune in!
“I am proud that the Senate came together to recognize the importance of International Women's Day and demonstrated that we are dedicated to empowering women worldwide." -JS
"I was encouraged to receive a prompt response from Secretary Hagel acknowledging the magnitude of this case and reaffirming his commitment to ending sexual assault in our armed forces. Victims must know they will receive support regardless of the circumstances. If the message we send to survivors is that their cases will be disregarded, fewer will report the crimes committed against them and the epidemic of sexual assault will persist and multiply." - JS
A great story in this weekend's The Concord Monitor about Concord native and Olympic marathoner Guor Marial. Guor continues to inspire those in New Hampshire and around the globe! Read more: http://bit.ly/12Ihntb
"Today, we commemorate International Women’s Day – a day observed around the world to celebrate the economic, political and social achievements of women past, present and future. As we come together today, let us celebrate the progress we have made and reaffirm our commitment to the fight for equality around the globe." - JS
“The Violence Against Women Act is a proven tool in supporting victims but also social service providers and law enforcement officials who combat the epidemic of domestic violence in America. This legislation will bring much needed services to millions of domestic violence victims across the country.  While I regret that it took us so long to reauthorize this legislation, I’m proud we were able to get this done and I am grateful that the bill is now the law of the land.” - JS
NA
Don't forget! Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on TONIGHT from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, Berlin and Claremont. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
Senator Jeanne Shaheen met today with General Will Fraser, Commander of the U.S. Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM), to discuss important issues facing the New Hampshire National Guard and to continue her advocacy of Pease Air National Guard Base as an optimal location for the KC-46A tanker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/YZ4pRN
Senator Shaheen continued her strong advocacy for Pease Air National Guard Base today as she sent a letter with the New Hampshire Congressional delegation to the Director of the Air Force touting Pease as the optimal location for the KC-46A Tanker.
Congratulations to New Hampshire resident Oneta Bobbett, who was recognized by Glamour magazine as one of the most inspirational women in America! Oneta is a co-founder of Jaden's Ladder, a nonprofit organization in Rye that provides support services to women who are victims of domestic violence.  Congratulations to you, Oneta, and THANK YOU for your work on this truly worthy cause!
Interested in interning on behalf of the Granite State in the U.S. Senate? Senator Shaheen's internship program is a great opportunity for students to gain valuable public service experience and to see the legislative process firsthand. We are currently accepting applications for Summer 2013, but the application deadline (March 15) is approaching quickly! Click to learn more: http://bit.ly/N0AXcL
Senator Jeanne Shaheen released the following statement on the passing of May Gruber:   "May Gruber was a remarkable woman whose impact on New Hampshire will be felt for generations to come. As a business owner, an employer, and a civic leader, May gave her all to improving her community.  She will forever stand as a powerful example of the positive impact one person can have on the lives of others.  My thoughts are with her many friends and family, as they bid farewell to this extraordinary woman."
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on Thursday, March 7th from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, Berlin and Claremont. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
NA
NA
Senator Shaheen met with small business and community leaders, teachers and students across New Hampshire today to renew her call for bipartisan, comprehensive action on the country's deficit and debt. Shaheen, who has repeatedly called for Congress to come together and develop a balanced and fair plan to reduce our debt and deficits, visited Manchester, Keene and Milford the day after Congress failed to reach a bipartisan agreement to avert automatic, across-the-board federal budget cuts that are now set to begin as early as this afternoon.
Today kicks off Women's History Month, an opportunity to celebrate the trailblazing women who came before us and honor their contributions to our lives and our country. Who is one woman in history, or in your own life, who you feel has been particularly influential? Share in the comment box!
“LGBT Americans and families deserve equal treatment under the law but as long as DOMA remains in place, same-sex couples will be wrongfully denied important benefits. In this day and age, we cannot tolerate this type of discrimination. DOMA is unconstitutional and I am committed to doing all I can to see it abolished.” - JS
“I share the public’s frustration that the Senate was unable to come together to find bipartisan agreement to avoid automatic cuts. We need to address our deficit and rein in our spending, but the blind cuts of sequestration are not the right approach. These cuts threaten our economic recovery and put our national security interests at risk. Simply put, we must be smarter about the way we address our budget.  “Now is the time for Republicans and Democrats to put aside political differences and come together for real solutions. Every few months Congress manufactures a new stand-off that gets in the way of our ability to do our jobs and address the many long term challenges that face our country. These self-inflicted wounds must stop. This is no way to run a government and we must do better.” - JS
Senator Jeanne Shaheen released the following statement commending the Congressional reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). The House approved the bipartisan Senate bill 286-138 and it will now head to the President’s desk for his signature.  “The Violence Against Women Act is a critical, bipartisan piece of legislation that will bring comprehensive and critical services to the millions of domestic violence victims across the country. While I regret this legislation was delayed for so long, I am pleased that Congress has finally delivered on its responsibility to address the epidemic of domestic violence. VAWA is a proven tool in supporting victims, social service providers and law enforcement officials, and I am pleased that this bill is on its way to the President for his signature.”
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
NA
Great to see Durham-native Sam Fuld on the cover of this month’s Diabetes Forecast helping bring awareness to the fight against diabetes! Diabetes is a disease that doesn’t discriminate and we are proud of Sam in New Hampshire for his leadership on this important cause.
A thought-provoking op-ed from novelist and Dartmouth '76 grad Louise Erdrich on why the House of Representatives must pass the bipartisan, Senate approved version of the Violence Against Women Act and not leave minority populations unprotected.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate voted to confirm Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel:  “Chuck Hagel is a man who valiantly defended our country in Vietnam and will bring proven leadership skills and a strong record of service to the Pentagon.  I am pleased that the Senate confirmed his nomination this afternoon and am confident that he will be the type of strategic leader that our country needs promoting our national defense and protecting our troops.”
Senator Shaheen met with members of the New Hampshire American Legion to discuss issues facing veterans in the Granite State and across the country. (February 26. Washington, DC)
Senator Shaheen testified before the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power today to provide expert insight into energy efficiency and renew her call for bipartisan, bicameral action on the issue as means to create jobs and save money for businesses and consumers.  She is pictured here with Senator Lisa Murkowski, who also testified. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XendNh
Tremendously proud of Paul Moore of Bedford, New Hampshire, who is a Congressional Medal of Honors' Citizen Service Before Self finalist. As the leader of MooreMart, Paul has led a continuous effort to send supplies and care packages to troops, schools and orphanages. Senator Shaheen is pictured here with Paul (R) and Ted Luszey (L),  a MooreMart volunteer in November, 2012. Please "like" to send your support to Paul!
Senator Shaheen will testify before the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. on the importance of continued bipartisan work on energy efficiency. Shaheen introduced bipartisan energy efficiency legislation with Senator Rob Portman last Congress that included several provisions that were passed into law. According to a study by the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy, by 2020 the Shaheen-Portman bill could save consumers $4 billion per year and help businesses add 80,000 American jobs
In case you missed it, Senator Shaheen contributed the below Op-Ed to the Concord Monitor on the critical importance of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). Shaheen, a long-time and vocal advocate of VAWA, called on the House to pass the bill without delay to ensure that victims of domestic and sexual violence have the resources they need. Click "like" and "share" to join Senator Shaheen in her support of VAWA.
NA
Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Senator Kelly Ayotte have been appointed to serve as Chairman and Ranking Member, respectively, of the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support.  As the senior Democrat and Republican on the subcommittee, Senators Shaheen and Ayotte will be in a strong position to advocate for military facilities and programs that are important to New Hampshire and the nation -- including the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard base.
NA
NA
Click below to watch WBIN-TV's coverage of Senator Shaheen's work in New Hampshire to support the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).
NA
In honor of President Day's, below is Senator Shaheen reading President George Washington's Farewell Address in February, 2012.
NA
NA
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor today to honor the life of New Hampshire Chief Warrant Officer Charlie Morgan, who passed away earlier this week after a battle with breast cancer. Morgan, a leading advocate for LGBT rights in the military, leaves behind her wife, Karen, and five-year old daughter, Casey Elena. Her family will not be eligible for survivor benefits because of the Defense of Marriage Act.
Senator Shaheen wants to wish you a happy Valentine’s Day! To make today a little sweeter, Shaheen is introducing a bipartisan bill to reform the U.S. sugar program, which has cost thousands of jobs and consumers billions. 
 
 Spread the love: click "like" and "share" to wish Senator Shaheen a happy Valentine’s Day and join her fight to end sugar’s sweet deal.
Join Senator Shaheen in her Washington office on Wednesday mornings for coffee. For more info: http://shaheen.senate.gov/services/coffee/
NA
NA
NA
Senator Shaheen with David Taylor, her guest of honor for this evening's State of the Union address. Taylor, a Derry native and Army veteran, served as a U.S. Army Specialist in Afghanistan and also as a former Derry Fire Explorer. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WTVuz1(February 12, 2013. Washington, DC)
Senator Shaheen released the following statement after the Senate voted 78-22 to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). "Like" and "share" to join Senator Shaheen in her support of VAWA.  "Reauthorizing VAWA and providing critical services to victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence has been a top priority of mine and I’m pleased that the Senate could come together to pass this legislation. VAWA is a proven tool in supporting victims, social service providers and law enforcement officials and I’m hopeful that the House of Representatives follows the Senate’s lead quickly by passing this measure with strong bipartisan support.”
NA
“The fact we have not [come up with a long-term solution] means each and every one of us in Congress should take a second look at what our jobs are in this body,” Shaheen said. “The fact is, we can come up with a long-term solution that avoids the impact of sequestration, that avoids the devastating toll all of you are talking about this morning on our military and on our defense. In order to do that, we've all got to put aside some of our sacred cows and be flexible.”
"Wishing a speedy recovery to Executive Councilor Ray Burton, who announced today that he has been diagnosed with curable kidney cancer. Ray is a fighter and I have no doubt he will be back to full health soon. Ray’s years of service to New Hampshire are unparalleled and I know that everyone in the Granite State is wishing him well.” - JS
Senator Shaheen applauded the Pentagon's decision today to extend benefits to LGBT family members and took the opportunity to call for the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act, which prevents same-sex military couples from receiving equal benefits. Click "like" and "share" to join Senator Shaheen in supporting full and complete equality for LGBT military families!
Senator Shaheen sent a letter to Air Force Chief of Staff General Mark Welsh along with Senator Kelly Ayotte, Congresswoman Carol Shea-Porter and Congresswoman Annie Kuster highlighting Pease National Guard base as an "optimal location" for the new KC-46A aerial refueling tanker.
Very excited to have New Hampshire business Axenics in Washington this week for a meeting with business leaders on innovation, job creation and strengthening the economy. 
Senator Shaheen issued the following statement this morning on the passing of Chief Warrant Officer Charlie Morgan of the New Hampshire National Guard:   “Charlie Morgan epitomized courage - in her military service, her fight for LGBT equality, and her battle with cancer. She showed us how to live and to die with dignity. I am honored I got to know Charlie and my heart goes out to her wife Karen, her daughter Casey Alena and her entire family."
When people lose power during blizzards or other strong storms, they often turn to portable generators as a reliable stopgap measure until power is restored. Unfortunately, if used improperly, these portable generators can result in potentially deadly Carbon Monoxide exposure. Throughout this winter storm season, it is important to know your risks and take appropriate measures to stay safe.
Senator Shaheen is encouraging all New Hampshire residents to take necessary  precautions in preparation of tonight's snow and make sure they stay safe.
Senator Shaheen announced today that Derry native and Army Veteran David Taylor will be her guest of honor at Tuesday's State of the Union address in Washington. Taylor, an U.S. Army Specialist and former Derry Fire Explorer, was wounded by an improvised explosive device while serving on his third tour of duty in Afghanistan in 2011. Senator Shaheen is pictured here with David and his mother, Kim Porter, at the Derry VFW Memorial Day Parade in May 2012. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/WTVuz1
With snow on it's way, make sure to take necessary precautions and stay safe.
Senator Shaheen today continued her efforts to learn from the mistakes that were made in Libya in order to implement policies to prevent and protect diplomats from future attacks. Since the attacks in Benghazi, Senator Shaheen has used her position as a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees to call for more accountability from federal officials and ensure that they are taking proper steps to prevent future attacks.
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor today to urge her colleagues to come together and reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) without further delay.  Shaheen has been a strong advocate of VAWA and has visited crisis centers across New Hampshire to emphasize the essential services the program offers to victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement applauding the New Hampshire Executive Council's decision to move forward with a study exploring the viability of a commuter rail along the Merrimack River corridor from Massachusetts to Concord:   “I’m pleased that the Executive Council is moving forward with this important viability study that will help officials make critical decisions about moving forward with this project.  The Capitol Corridor rail project, which is funded almost entirely by federal resources, is a business friendly venture that has tremendous potential to create new jobs across southern New Hampshire while also easing traffic for commuters.”
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding extended office hours on Thursday, February 7th from 5:00-7:00 p.m. at Shaheen's office locations in Dover, Manchester, Nashua, Keene, Berlin and Claremont. More information on services available and office locations is below. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Senator Shaheen's office at 603-647-7500. We hope to see you there!
"Ensuring equal rights for all members of our military has been an important priority of mine and I am encouraged to hear that the Pentagon will extend benefits to the spouses of gay and lesbian personnel. We have made important steps towards achieving equality in our armed forces, but there is much more work to be done." - JS
"As a mother of three, I know firsthand the importance of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA). Because of FMLA two decades of workers have had leave to care for new children, sick family members or themselves. Click “like” to wish FMLA a Happy 20th birthday!" - JS
Senator Shaheen (D-NH) released the following statement this afternoon as the Senate began consideration of the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA):   "Reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act and providing critical services to victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence is a top priority of mine. Since 2011, there have been roughly 16 million reported incidents of domestic violence in the United States and all of us share an obligation to stop the epidemic. VAWA is a proven tool in supporting victims, social service providers and law enforcement officials and I’m hopeful that we can deliver this legislation to the President for his signature as quickly as possible. This is a serious issue and we can’t afford the consequences of inaction.” - JS
Senator Shaheen sent a letter today with Senator Susan Collins of Maine calling on Senate Leadership to act to avoid the automatic defense cuts required under sequestration. Shaheen and Collins highlighted the severe ramifications these cuts would have on United States defense facilities, including the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
Today the Senate will vote on the motion to proceed with the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), which protects the millions of victims of domestic abuse. Senator Shaheen has been a fierce advocate for women and children and is working with her Congressional colleagues to make sure VAWA passes. Share and click LIKE if you agree.
NA
Senator Shaheen appeared on MSNBC's Hardball with Chris Matthews to offer her perspective on the confirmation hearing of Secretary of Defense nominee Senator Chuck Hagel.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing on Hardball with Chris Matthews at 5 p.m. to discuss Chuck Hagel's confirmation hearing today in the Senate Armed Services Committee. Tune in!
Senator Shaheen met with Annabella Wu and her father, Yongge Wu, at the United States Capitol. Annabella was in Washington to participate in the National Parent Teacher Association (PTA) Reflections Art Exhibit Opening and Ribbon Cutting ceremony at the U.S. Department of Education, where a video of her award-winning dance choreography was featured.  The National PTA’s Reflections Program encourages art in education and honors students who submit theme-based photography, visual arts, musical compositions, films and dance choreography. Annabella is a third grade student from Matthew Thornton Elementary School in Londonderry, NH.  She and her family reside in Londonderry.
Senator Shaheen will be questioning Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel this morning during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing.   To watch live, click here: http://cs.pn/TfSxM7
Senator Shaheen and Senator Bill Nelson appeared on msnbc to discuss the nomination of Senator Chuck Hagel to Secretary of Defense and the need for a comprehensive approach to address gun violence in the United States.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today in response to news that the U.S. economy contracted a 0.1 percent rate in the final quarter of 2012:   “Today’s disappointing growth report underscores the need for our primary focus to remain on fostering economic growth and job creation. It also highlights the importance of avoiding the automatic cuts in the sequester, which will recklessly slash investments in education, research, and other critical areas of job growth, and to instead come to a long-term, comprehensive agreement to address our debt and deficits in a fair and responsible manner.”
NA
"It was great to sit down today with my New Hampshire colleague Senator Kelly Ayotte for an interview with Kelly O'Donnell for the Today Show. It was a wonderful opportunity to talk about New Hampshire's historic all-female delegation and the bipartisan work Senator Ayotte and I are doing together on behalf of the Granite State." - JS
Senator Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor Monday to reiterate her support for New Hampshire fishermen and fishing communities that are struggling with revenue losses and the impact of fishery management decisions. Click below to watch!
Today marks the four-year anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, a bill to ensure all Americans are paid the same wage regardless of age, gender, race or ethnicity. However, millions of American women continue to lose nearly a quarter of their potential earnings to gender discrimination. That is why I have supported the Paycheck Fairness Act to end pay discrimination. Join me in supporting this legislation to make sure that women get the compensation they deserve.
Click below to read Senator Shaheen's op-ed in the New Hampshire Union Leader on her work to get to the bottom of the Benghazi attacks and help make sure we learn from our mistakes to prevent future attacks.
Thank you for all of your kind words and birthday wishes today! It was wonderful to hear from so many great people in New Hampshire.
We pay homage to Concord native Christa McAuliffe today on the 27th anniversary of the Challenger space shuttle tragedy.
NA
“As a country we simply must do better when it comes to increasing access to mental health services, particularly for children and young adults,” said Senator Shaheen.  “This bill represents an important step towards expanding access to mental health services and provides training for healthcare professionals and teachers who work with young people. We hope that programs like these will help diminish the stigma that sadly prevents too many from seeking the treatment they need. More importantly, this could play a role in preventing future tragedies like the one we saw in Newtown last month and that is a move that our entire country should be ready to rally around.” - JS
Senator Shaheen met this morning with Senator Chuck Hagel and announced that she would support his nomination to become the next United States Secretary of Defense.   “This morning I had an opportunity to meet with Senator Hagel to discuss his nomination and his views on the future of our military and am pleased to announce my decision to support his nomination.  It is obvious that Senator Hagel thoroughly understands the complexity of the modern security environment. I was pleased with his strong, unwavering support of Israel, his steadfast opposition to Iran’s nuclear weapons program and his commitment to building relationships with our allies including NATO."   Read Shaheen's full statement here:  http://1.usa.gov/VlRlZz
“Secretary Panetta’s decision represents an enormous amount of progress for American women in our armed services because for too long, women have struggled to reach the highest levels of military leadership partly due to their limited opportunities to serve in combat.  This new policy not only better reflects conditions on the ground overseas but it also better serves our national security interests around the world.” - JS
Senator Shaheen will host a free consumer protection information session for seniors on Friday, January 25 from 10-11:30 a.m. at the Portsmouth Library in Portsmouth, NH.   Shaheen will present tips and advice about identity theft, medical discount scams, credit and loan offers, and more to help provide information on defending against scams. To RSVP or to receive more information, please call (603) 647-7500.
Senator Shaheen appeared on msnbc to discuss today's Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with Secretary Clinton on the September, 2012 Benghazi attacks. Watch the interview below.
Senator Shaheen met with Senator John Kerry yesterday to discuss his nomination to serve as U.S. Secretary of State. Here is what Senator Shaheen had to say about the meeting:   "Our meeting strengthened my confidence in Senator Kerry as an excellent nominee to become our country's next Secretary of State. Senator Kerry carries tremendous international qualifications and has proven himself time and again as a strong leader for our country. I have worked closely with Senator Kerry during our time together on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and I look forward to supporting his nomination as it is considered in committee.”
At 1 p.m. ET today, Senator Shaheen will be on msnbc with Andrea Mitchell Reports to discuss this morning's hearing with Secretary Clinton on Benghazi attacks. Tune in!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement this morning on Secretary Clinton’s testimony at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the September, 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya:  “Secretary Clinton has been up front and honest about the mistakes that were made in the lead-up to the attack in Benghazi and I want to commend her for both her strong leadership at the State Department and for taking responsibility for what happened on September 11, 2012.  The bottom line is that our agencies did not do enough to protect our people on the ground and we must do better in the future. We must be honest with ourselves about mistakes that were made, learn from them, and do everything possible to make sure they are not repeated. That starts with making sure our State Department has the necessary resources to prevent future attacks and protect our diplomats serving abroad.”
"40 years ago, the Roe v. Wade decision gave women in America the constitutional right to seek an abortion and in the four decades since, this ruling has protected a woman’s right to make her own personal healthcare decisions.  While we have made tremendous progress since this decision, the fact is more work remains because of ongoing threats to safe and legal reproductive health care in our country.  Every American should have access to the reproductive health care they need. On this anniversary, I’m committed to continuing the fight to protect women’s health care rights." - JS
Members of Senator Shaheen's staff will be holding office hours tomorrow, January 23, in Windham and Salem for residents looking for assistance communicating with federal agencies and accessing federal resources. For more information, call (603) 647-7500  Windham Office Hours Community Development Center 3 North Lowell St. 1-2pm  Salem Office Hours Russell & Roberta Ingram Senior Center 1 Sally Sweet Way 11am – 12pm in the dining room
Game day! Go Pats!
NA
Congratulations to John Parsons of Madbury and Allison Thompson of Nashua for their selection to represent New Hampshire in the United States Senate Youth Program. Read more below.
NA
A wonderful visit to a great firm in Concord!
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today on the passing of Myrtle McIntyre.   “During her years of service to the Granite State, Myrtle McIntyre served as a role model for the future generation of women leaders in New Hampshire. Her dedication to civic engagement instilled the ideals of public service in so many throughout our state. She will be greatly missed. My thoughts and prayers go out to the entire McIntyre family."
NA
Senator Shaheen will be speaking at UNH Manchester at 1:30 today about the new Pay As You Earn student loan repayment program. Our workforce must have the skills to compete in a global economy - and that means making sure students have access to an affordable education.
"Very excited to be in attendance tomorrow morning for a great event in Portsmouth!" - JS 
In the Granite State, our support for the Patriots is granite solid! Go Pats!
Tune in this morning to WMUR-TV at 10 a.m. to see Senator Shaheen on Close-Up.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing on WMUR-TV's Close-Up this Sunday morning at 10 a.m. Tune in!
U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen posthumously honored George Giotas, a World War II veteran and Manchester native, at a military medals ceremony yesterday. Shaheen presented the Giotas family with six awards to honor Mr. Giotas for his service to the United States. The awards included the Good Conduct Medal, American Campaign Medal, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, WWII Victory Medal, Honorable Service Lapel Button and Marksmanship Badge with Carbine Bar. Mr. Giotas worked as an automotive mechanic and earned the ranking of Corporal while serving in Italy and Greece from 1942 to 1944.
Senator Shaheen joined Andrea Mitchell Reports on MSNBC today to discuss New Hampshire's historic all-female delegation and other current events. Click below to watch.
Senator Shaheen will be appearing live on MSNBC at 1 p.m. with Andrea Mitchell to talk about the historic number of women in Congress. Don't forget to tune in!
NA
NA
Senator Shaheen announced today that New Hampshire's Pease Air National Guard base has been selected as one of only five National Guard bases being considered to receive the KC46A, a next generation military tanker. This is exciting news for the Pease base and for New Hampshire.
Senator Shaheen released the following statement today on the nomination of former Nebraska Senator Chuck Hagel:   “Throughout his career Senator Chuck Hagel has proven to be a strong and independent leader. He valiantly defended our nation in Vietnam where he earned two Purple Hearts and in the senate served as a voice of pragmatism and principle.  I look forward to speaking with Senator Hagel and considering his nomination.”
The New York Times editorial board this weekend praised the work done by Senator Shaheen on this year's National Defense Authorization Act to help bring health care equity to women in the military. The Times wrote that Shaheen's Amendment would end a "longstanding act of discrimination against women who serve in America's military." To read more, click below.
Senator Shaheen has nominated 35 New Hampshire students to the United States Service Academies. Congratulations to all those nominated!
"I'm thrilled to attend the Inaugural Ball tonight for New Hampshire's new Governor Maggie Hassan! I am looking forward to working with Governor Hassan on behalf of the Granite State." - JS
"In D.C. today for the swearing-in of the new Congress, including Representatives Ann McLane Kuster and Carol Shea-Porter and five new women senators!. I will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow for Governor Maggie Hassan's Inaugural Ball. What a historic week!" - JS
Congratulations to Maggie Hassan, Ann McLane Kuster and Carol Shea-Porter, who will all be sworn in today. New Hampshire is lucky to such great leaders representing our state!
Great news! The Shaheen Amendment, which will help bring health care equity to women serving in the military, was signed into law last night with President Barack Obama's signature approving the 2013 National Defense Authorization Act. Read more below!
"My thoughts and prayers are with James Foley and the Foley family. I will continue to work closely with U.S. officials to do what we can to help bring him home." - JS
NA
Thanks to Harry Lichtman for this great picture of Durham, New Hampshire.
