Claire's dishing on her favorite foods, memories and traditions just in time for the holidays!
"When Missouri voters sent me to the U.S. Senate, I promised to wage a fight to make their federal government more transparent and more accountable to them ... That fight has seen some big successes, including a ban on earmarks — funding for politicians' pet projects based on politics instead of merits. And sometimes that fight has been a lonely one ... But as we saw this past weekend, the fight for a more transparent and accountable government still has a way to go." - Claire.   Read the full column in the Springfield News-Leader.
"So much fun to be part of an amazing group. Asked by The Colbert Report to sing him off his last show. Gonna miss that jerk." - Claire
With one week and counting till Christmas, why not leave you with a little #TBT picture of Claire and her sister (on the left) with none other than Santa himself.
Send your questions my way. I'll start by answering a few that were asked in advance.
Join Claire tomorrow, Thursday, December 11 at 11:00am ET/10:00am CT, right here on her Facebook page as she takes your questions LIVE. If you’re unable to ask a question during the Q&A, please feel free to leave your question in the comments section below. Claire will also answer a few of your questions asked in advance.
“Our nation’s top lawyer is a critical post. As the events that unfolded over the past few months in Ferguson highlighted, the position of Attorney General is an important backstop in our nation’s legal system and can positively reinforce Americans’ trust in the rule of law amid intense legal controversies. I’m impressed by Loretta Lynch’s qualifications and confident in her ability to fulfill the duties of U.S. Attorney General.” - Claire
The numbers don’t lie. Another month of steady private sector job growth.
Claire, along with U.S. Senators Kelly Ayotte, Deb Fischer, and Carl Levin react to a new report that shows a drop in the number of sexual assaults in the U.S. military, combined with an increase in the number of victims coming forward to report such assaults.   WATCH LIVE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMuK0AaH5ag
“Pending the report’s public release today, assuming news accounts are correct - reporting of assaults being up and incidents of assault being down are exactly the combination we’re looking for. I’m sure there’s more work to do, and I’m anxious to hear how victims feel about the services and support offered to them when they report an assault.” -Claire   Stay tuned as we learn more about the results of this report and the progress made in combating military sexual assault - a fight Claire has pledged to continue.
Claire didn't mince words yesterday when telling league representatives from the four major professional sports they must do a better job protecting victims of domestic violence and holding abusers accountable saying, "with great power and influence comes great responsibility… professional sports must do a better job of setting an example to young people and to victims of domestic violence."
"One year ago, a sexual assault survivor in the U.S. military faced a daunting landscape. Resources for survivors were limited. There was nobody whose job it was to fight for victims' interests ... Things are different now." - Claire
“Hearing input directly from folks across the country is exactly the right move, because the issues highlighted in Ferguson aren’t just Missouri issues, they’re national issues. Today’s efforts continue the conversation started with my hearing—including a focus on the use of body cameras by law enforcement. In my conversations with Missourians, I’ve found widespread agreement that body cameras protect police and civilians alike, which is why I’m working to prioritize federal resources to expand their use, and why I’m eager to continue working with the White House, my colleagues, and Missourians to implement positive change.” - Claire
“There will be many people who are disappointed in today’s decision, even though it is a result of a deliberate legal process that’s being independently checked by Attorney General Eric Holder and the U.S. Justice Department. While we await the conclusion of that independent investigation—and continue working together for solutions to systemic issues highlighted by this tragedy—I’m praying that the good people of St. Louis and local law enforcement will remain peaceful and respectful of one another.” -Claire
“Our immigration system is broken, and I support a comprehensive plan to fix it, but executive orders aren’t the way to do it. The system can only be truly fixed through legislation by Congress. The Senate’s comprehensive plan got overwhelming bipartisan approval, and Republicans in the U.S. House have sat on their hands for a year-and-a-half, refusing to even consider that bill. They should quit stalling, get to work, and do their jobs—debate the comprehensive plan that passed the Senate with a two-thirds margin.” -Claire
Claire today grilled automakers on whether they have adequately responded to recalls of Takata driver and passenger side airbags, telling executives from Chrysler and Honda: "I don’t think the people who are driving these cars understand the risk. Because you guys aren’t even comfortable with being consistent as to whether or not you’re telling [the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration] it’s a service campaign or a safety recall."
Claire today raised questions about whether the federal government has properly prioritized resources to guard against public health threats stating, "We’ve spent $3.3 billion and I’m really worried about how it’s been spent, especially in light of what we have seen with the Ebola crisis …44 percent of the money that’s been spent in this program has been on anthrax. We’ve got 21 threats, and almost half of the money has been spent on just one of them. How can that be justified?”
“I’ve long supported Keystone, because it isn’t a question of whether this oil gets produced—it’s just how it gets to market. Getting this project moving will mean creating jobs and business opportunities, and boosting America’s energy security. Those are goals we should all be able to get behind, and so my support and advocacy for this pipeline will continue.” - Claire
In case you missed it, Claire spoke with CBS' Face The Nation yesterday about what's next for Congress, saying "I'm tired of the politics of 'lets just blame the President,' 'lets just say everything's wrong with Washington.' We need a policy partner here to compromise and find consensus."
TOMORROW: Claire will appear on CBS' Face The Nation to talk about what lies ahead for the new Congress.   The show airs at different times across Missouri, so please check local listings (link below) to find out what time you can catch Claire in your city.
“Yesterday, I met with Harry Reid and told him I would not be supporting him for Minority Leader. I heard the voters of Missouri loud and clear. They want change in Washington. Common sense tells me that begins with changes in leadership.” - Claire
“Just a week after Americans exercised their democratic rights, today is an appropriate reminder that our freedoms are defended every day, every month, and every year, by our men and women in uniform. I join all Missourians today in paying tribute to the service and sacrifice of our veterans and their families, who have earned an unknowable debt of gratitude from every American. And I pledge to keep fighting every day to make sure the promises made to our veterans are kept, and that our veterans treated with the same dignity and respect that my Dad was shown.” - Claire   (Pictured below: Bill McCaskill in Belgium during World War II)
“We owe the veterans who have sacrificed for our country an unknowable debt of gratitude. One of the best parts of my job is helping honor those sacrifices and making sure we’re keeping our promises to our veterans long after they return from the battlefield.” - Claire   Read more about Korean War veteran Reverend Leo Hardin and his long-overdue Purple Heart: http://1.usa.gov/10Fxh84
“These election results will change the power balance in Congress—but one thing that remains the same is my commitment to work with all of my colleagues, Republican and Democratic, to forge bipartisan compromise, achieve results for Missouri, and strengthen accountability in our government. Congratulations to the winners, and my sincere thanks to those candidates who didn’t win, but still succeeded in making our democracy accountable. Now, let’s get to work.” - Claire
"Ludicrous rumors like this are dangerous, and only serve to distract from the important work that needs to be happening in Ferguson."  http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/justice-department-dispels-rumors-on-ferguson-inquiry
It certianly wasn't the outcome we were hoping for, but we still have to tip our caps to those Boys in Blue. It has been one incredible post-season run.  #Royals
NA
Interested in interning for Claire in Missouri or DC? She has offices in St. Louis, Cape Girardeau, Columbia, Springfield, Kansas City and Washington, D.C. If you are a current student apply now for Spring 2015. Visit Claire's website for more details, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/services/students/internships
A little less than three hours to go and this place will have the nation's attention. Good luck to those Boys in Blue. #TakeTheCrown #WorldSeries
Kansas City, we've always known how great you are, but we're glad the rest of the country is catching on. #TakeTheCrown
Thanks for an outstanding season #STLCardinals, you fought hard this year and with 19 National League pennants under your belt next year is bound to be a great one. It's up to the Royals now to make Missouri proud in the #WorldSeries! #cardinalnation #takethecrown
So happy for the American League Champs - the KC royals! Proud of not just 8 straight postseason wins, but how they won. On to the #WorldSeries! #KCRoyals #TakeTheCrown
Senator McCaskill travels to universities across Missouri to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus—and get feedback on her bipartisan legislation to protect and empower students, and strengthen accountability and transparency for institutions.
During a #claireoncampus tour stop at Missouri State University, Claire chats with Springfield students who are registering to vote and strongly encourages them to stay engaged and involved.
McCaskill's "proposed Campus Accountability and Safety Act [is] designed to require schools to improve resources for sexual assault victims, boost training for campus staff, enhance cooperation with law enforcement officials, and put teeth in federal penalties for not aggressively investigating and reporting sexual violence.  These are worthwhile goals to better protect students and hold university officials more accountable for providing safer campuses.  Students and their parents would benefit from these outcomes."
One step closer to an #I70Series, again! Congrats St. Louis Cardinals. On to the #NLCS!
Senator McCaskill travels to universities across Missouri to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus—and get feedback on her bipartisan legislation to protect and empower students, and strengthen accountability and transparency for institutions.
"After taking on sexual assault in the military, McCaskill – a former prosecutor -- has turned her attention to the same issue on campus. She helped lead a bipartisan group of senators in putting together the Campus Safety and Accountability act, legislation to give victims clearer options on how to report assaults and put more pressure on universities to improve their reporting and investigating procedures."
Senator McCaskill travels to universities across Missouri to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus—and get feedback on her bipartisan legislation to protect and empower students, and strengthen accountability and transparency for institutions.
Claire launches her #claireoncampus tour today with a discussion on ways to prevent campus sexual violence with students, educators, and law enforcement at Harris Stowe University in St. Louis. She'll be at Southeast Missouri State University and Missouri S&T later today. #CASAct
Wow! How about those #Royals and that sweep? On to the #ALCS. #TakeTheCrown
Starting Monday, Claire's launching her #ClaireOnCampus tour, where she'll travel across the state visiting colleges and universities to talk directly with students, educators, and law enforcement on ways to combat sexual violence on campus.  We'll continue to update you on this page, as she makes her way across Missouri.   Read more about the tour, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/mccaskill-launching-claire-on-campus-tour-across-missouri_targeting-sexual-violence-at-colleges-and-universities
It has been quite a week for Kansas City sports. In fact, President Obama summed it up best when he said, "Clearly something is going on in Kansas City."   Congratulations again to Sporting KC on their much-deserved championship! 
It's only appropriate we tip our caps to the #Royals for clinching a playoff berth. It has been far too long.
“Investing in the hardworking folks of Kansas City is a smart business decision by Ford. When companies invest in the Kansas City area, they continue this vibrant community’s trend of economic expansion, and send an unmistakable signal to other employers that Kansas City is the right place to create new job opportunities.” - Claire 
Claire was honored to be at the White House today for the launch of the #ItsOnUs campaign:  “I’m grateful the White House is continuing to direct much-needed attention to the issue of sexual violence on our college campuses. If we’re going to turn the tide against such violence, we need the type of cultural shift that the ‘It’s On Us’ campaign aims to bring about. But change doesn’t happen quickly, which is why we need to pass our bipartisan legislation that will help curb these crimes, protect and empower students, and ensure perpetrators are held accountable.”  http://itsonus.org/#videos 
A #TBT photo discovered via Twitter this week! It might've left Claire reminiscing about that hair, but most importantly, looking at her Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity photo reminded her why it's critical we not only help young adults afford a quality education, but ensure it doesn't leave them with a lifetime of debt. It's a fight she's continuing to wage to help others achieve their goals of furthering their education, much like she was able to do.
"It is time for real leaders in the world of big-time sports to do a soul search on character. Every decision they make reflects on them in ways that a won/loss record never will." - Claire   Read Claire's entire op-ed in USA TODAY on the "gut-check moment" for sports in this country. 
"Today I recognize a noble Missourian, the spirited and courageous Mrs. Frankie Muse Freeman. Fifty years ago today, the Senate confirmed Mrs. Freeman as President Lyndon B. Johnson’s choice to be the first female Commissioner to serve on the United States Commission on Civil Rights ... By the time President Johnson first nominated Mrs. Freeman to the Civil Rights Commission, she had worked tirelessly to end racial discrimination and secure equality, justice and fairness for every citizen ...To countless residents of my state and across the country, Frankie Muse Freeman is a hero. She is a woman who grew up in Jim Crow-era south when racial segregation was legal ... Frankie is an inspiration to so many Americans, across all racial lines, and to me personally. She is a public servant who my children and grandchildren can look up to. Because of leaders like her, who fought and sacrificed but ultimately believed in our country’s ability to empathize and change, we are all better off and our lives more enriched." -Claire
Congratulations to Dr. Ed Gettemeier (right) of Hardin Middle School in St. Charles, and Dr. Jason Snodgrass (left) of Fort Osage High School for being named 2014 Missouri Middle School and High School Principals of the Year. Join us in thanking them for their continued work towards making Missouri's schools the best they can be.
“Today, I join every American in paying tribute to those we lost on that day. My prayers are with them and their families, the first responders who rushed into danger, and with the thousands who sacrificed so much in the wars that followed. As we’ve been reminded in recent weeks, America still has dangerous enemies. And we owe it to the thousands of our citizens who died 13 years ago to ensure we are doing everything possible to protect our nation, while staying true to the values that make us who we are.” -Claire
"I'm hoping what happened in Ferguson and what we learn at this hearing will inform a better public policy that will protect our constitutional freedoms, and also provide adequate safety for the brave men and women who put on a uniform everyday to protect the people of this great nation." - Claire   Watch highlights of yesterday's hearing below. 
Happening Now: Claire is leading a hearing in the wake of the fatal shooting of teenager Michael Brown by a Ferguson, Mo. police officer, and subsequent clashes between local police and protestors, to examine the militarization of state and local police departments. She is gathering stakeholders from all sides in order to hear several perspectives, including those of local law enforcement.  Use the link below to watch the hearing live on C-SPAN. 
“This is one of the most important jobs I have. Whether we keep our promises to veterans reflects on the character of our nation," Claire said today after attending a Purple Heart ceremony at St. Peters City Hall honoring Vietnam veteran Patrick Howe.   Claire's office worked both with Mr. Howe and the U.S. Army to submit the necessary witness statements and documentation, and he was successfully approved for a Purple Heart with two Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters on August 12.
Claire visited Custom Metalcraft in Springfield, American Ramp Company in Joplin, Western Forms, Inc. in Kansas City, and Environmental Dynamics International (EDI) in Columbia to meet with executives and employees, and rally support for the job-creating benefits of the Export-Import Bank ahead of a crucial Senate vote this fall. Without Congressional action, the authorization for the Export-Import Bank is set to expire on September 30.
Claire heard directly from area veterans and VA administrators and announced the expansion of her veterans’ customer satisfaction survey to the southeast Missouri region in visits to John J. Pershing Medical Center and the VA’s West Plains Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.   McCaskill, the daughter of a World War II veteran, launched her Veterans’ Customer Satisfaction Program (VCSP), a confidential survey, to give Missouri veterans an opportunity to offer direct, confidential feedback on the quality of service they receive at their local VA facility. Learn more on her website, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/vcsp
This morning, Claire had the honor of talking one-on-one with a staff member at the John J. Pershing VA Medical Center in Poplar Bluff, who is not only a veteran, but a current member of our National Guard. She also had the opportunity to thank a brave World War II veteran, while speaking with veterans in Poplar Bluff about the expansion of her Veterans Customer Satisfaction Program. Learn more about the program, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/vcsp
"Inspiring and emotional. Listening and learning from our future. Thanks to 100 Black Men for hosting." -Claire #Ferguson   Learn more about 100 Black Men of Metropolitan St. Louis, here: http://100blackmenstl.com
Today in #Ferguson, Claire sat down with Attorney General Eric Holder to talk about the situation on the ground and the ongoing federal investigation.
"I’m going to be spending time visiting businesses in #Ferguson over the coming days, and tweeting my experiences, to remind folks that Ferguson is a safe, vibrant community needs our support and our commerce.  Please join me in sharing your experiences supporting local businesses in Ferguson with the hashtag #ShopFerguson." - Claire
Claire on Morning Joe: "I worry about the health and vibrancy of this community too, as much as I worry about the safety and fairness, and the way people are treated...I hate to see all these great small businesses in #Ferguson suffering so terribly..."
"This is about me coming to #Ferguson, talking to everyone on the ground and making sure they understand that I get it....This is not a wound that is going to heal overnight, it's going to take time...I'm just trying to do what I can." - Claire  Photo credit: Christine Ingrassia
“We need to de-militarize this situation—this kind of response by the police has become the problem instead of the solution. I obviously respect law enforcement’s work to provide public safety, but my constituents are allowed to have peaceful protests, and the police need to respect that right and protect that right. Today is going to be a new start, we can and need to do better.” - Claire on the ground in #Ferguson today speaking with the community.   More information, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/mccaskill-in-ferguson-time-to-de-militarize-this-situation
“As we continue to grieve for Michael and his family, I’m working to make sure the federal piece of this investigation is fair, transparent, and moving forward without delay. As it proceeds, I’ll be remaining in close touch with the Department of Justice, and am reaching out personally to local elected officials and religious leaders, to keep monitoring the painful events on the ground in Ferguson.” - Claire 
Claire: "As a mother, I grieve for this child and his family. I pray that the wonderful, hardworking, and God-loving people of Ferguson will find peace and patience as we wait for the results of what will be numerous and thorough investigations of what happened. I, like so many other Missourians, will not be satisfied until we have a complete and transparent understanding of all the facts and circumstances that led to this young man’s death."   Full-statement, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/mccaskill-statement-on-ferguson-shooting
A little #TBT because, before Claire was a Senator, she was busy with her most important role, mom.
“This agreement is an example of what’s possible when Democrats and Republicans put politics aside and find common ground to do what’s right. Our military veterans have earned the highest quality of care, and this bipartisan legislation provides the tools necessary for the VA’s new leadership to correct clear failures in the system, and live up to the promises made to our nation’s heroes.” - Claire on the  Senate passage of legislation to strengthen care and services for the nation’s #military #veterans.
The time is now to pass the Campus Accountability and Safety Act. Learn more about how this bill takes aim at sexual assault on campuses and protects students: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/media-center/news-releases/campus-accountability-and-safety-act Make your voice heard: #NotAlone
We'll have all the details on the bipartisan legislation as it's announced today. Stay tuned. 
“I’m very pleased with the Senate’s overwhelmingly bipartisan vote to confirm Robert McDonald. He has a lot of work ahead of him—and I fully expect he will work to restore a culture of accountability at the VA by ensuring that any employee retaliating against a whistleblower or who cooked the books on wait times, is fired, and that we can quickly recover bonuses paid to those fraudsters with taxpayer dollars. I believe Mr. McDonald stands ready to tackle these difficult issues and ensure our veterans are receiving the highest level of care.” - Claire on the Senate’s bipartisan confirmation of Robert McDonald to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
Happy Birthday Claire! You don't look a day over 16. ;) #TBT
Claire met today with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and Senator Richard Blumenthal to continue their collaborative effort to introduce legislation to combat sexual assaults on college campuses. #1is2Many
Claire blasted General Motors' officials today in her Consumer Protection Subcommittee, citing the investigative report that found, “incompetence and deceit among engineers in positions of responsibility,” adding “it is clear that the culture of lawyering-up and whack-a-mole to minimize liability killed innocent customers of GM.”   This hearing was part of an ongoing investigation into GM’s response to the defective ignition switches that have been linked to at least 13 deaths. 
HAPPENING NOW: Claire's chairing a hearing to examine the independent investigation into General Motors' response to the defective ignition switches that have been linked to at least 12 deaths, including a fatality in Missouri, and other matters related to the ignition switch recall. Watch live. 
NA
What better way to learn about the U.S. Senate than from the Senator herself! Yesterday, Claire spoke to all the Congressional Interns at a Q&A session, and today she sat down with interns from her D.C. and state offices (via Skype) to chat about her career and Congressional work. Thanks to all our interns for their hard work.
Thank you Arlington National Cemetery for remembering a Missourian who proudly served his country - becoming the the only person to be promoted in his own lifetime to General of the Armies. According to the Cemetery, he was buried, as was his wish, under a simple white gravestone in Section 34 of Arlington National Cemetery, near the gravesites of his "Doughboys" from World War I.
What a great morning to celebrate the opening of the KIPP Victory Academy in St. Louis. The school will open this fall in partnership with St. Louis Public Schools and Washington University. Claire was honored to be a part of today's ceremony.
Claire didn't shy away from making it known to the president of the NCAA that the way colleges and universities handle sexual assault cases involving athletes needs to change. Watch the full-exchange, here: http://bit.ly/1mkEEtE
Claire's website got a makeover and we're hoping you'll enjoy the new look and feel. The website serves as a tool to better serve Missourians, and this new layout aims to do just that. Have a look around: www.mccaskill.senate.gov
Breaking: the results of a first-of-its-kind national survey on campus sexual assaults—results Claire said must serve as a “wakeup call” to the nation’s institutions of higher learning. Full-report, here: http://1.usa.gov/VKiqqJ
The full-report will be released tomorrow at www.mccaskill.senate.gov.
“Independence Day gives us a chance to reflect on the liberties and blessings that we too often take for granted in this country. It’s also an opportunity to honor the men and women who have sacrificed everything to secure the freedoms that make us unique. Today is about showcasing the pride and patriotism we have for our democracy, that helps keep America the envy of the world.” -Claire
We're ready, are you? By the looks of it, Kansas City Power & Light District is ready again today too! #OneNationOneTeam #WorldCup #USMNT
Claire loved taking questions directly from the participants at this year's Missouri Girls State in Warrensburg. Although still in Washington, Claire had the chance to answer these aspiring lawmakers questions on a variety of issues via video conference from her Senate office.
Have you ever found yourself disputing a bill with your cable, satellite, or other pay-TV provider - or confronted with deceptive billing or excessive fees? If you have, you’re not alone. That’s why Claire's asking folks like you to share your personal stories (confidentially) and tips about dealing firsthand with your cable, satellite, or other pay-TV provider, because it's time consumers get protection from confusing or deceptive billing practices. Tell Claire - who leads the Senate Consumer Protection Subcommittee - your story at: www.mccaskill.senate.gov/submityourscam/
Yesterday, Claire wrapped her third and final roundtable with stakeholders from across the country, who met to discuss concrete ways to curb sexual assaults on college campuses. These ideas will help Claire draft legislation aimed at supporting survivors. At the final roundtable, participants heard about current obstacles to protecting and empowering survivors, as well as the strengths and weaknesses of the criminal justice system versus administrative processes to hold perpetrators accountable.
Happening Now: Claire's holding her third and final roundtable discussion, focusing on the criminal justice system and administrative process to combat rape and sexual assaults on college and university campuses. Watch LIVE on C-SPAN: http://www.c-span.org/video/?320111-1/title-ix-campus-sexual-assault
#TBT, high school cheerleading edition (Claire's second from the right). What do you think of that mascot?
Congratulations to the talented students from Junior Achievement of Greater St. Louis, Inc., who made their way to Capitol Hill yesterday to showcase their entrepreneurial spirit at the National Junior Achievement Summit. The students were finalists in the Junior Achievement National Company of the Year program!
Claire: “I can’t figure this out, Dr. Oz. I get that you do a lot of good on your show. I understand that you give a lot of information that’s great information … I don’t get why you need to say this stuff when you know it’s not true. When you have this amazing megaphone, why would you cheapen your show?”   In today's Consumer Protection hearing, Claire posed tough questions to popular TV host Dr. Mehmet Oz on his frequent claims about “miracle” products, and also explored options for regulators and industry to crack down on deceptive marketing practices.
This morning at 9:30am ET/8:30am CT, Claire - who chairs the Senate’s Consumer Protection panel - will quiz TV show host Dr. Mehmet Oz in a hearing regarding his role in the deceptive marketing of weight-loss products and to determine what more can be done to protect consumers. Watch live on C-SPAN: http://cs.pn/1lx7OQL
We're watching tonight's match against Ghana and cheering on Saint Charles native Brad Davis (midfielder), and Sporting KC players Matt Besler (defender) & Graham Zusi (midfielder)! Best of luck to the entire #USMNT. #WorldCup #OneNationOneTeam #USAUSA
"My father was strength, humor, patience, and support. He gave me permission and passion for speaking out strongly, even as a young girl. I owe him so much. I miss him so much." -Claire  (Picture: Bill and Betty Anne McCaskill at a Mizzou formal dance.)  Happy Father's Day to all fathers - who like Bill McCaskill - encourage their children to pursue their dreams.
Next week, Claire's holding a hearing where she'll hear testimony from Dr. Mehmet Oz, host of the Dr. Oz Show, to examine deceptive advertising of weight-loss products and to determine what more can be done to protect consumers.   If you or someone you know has been the victim of a scam, let Claire know on her website at: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/submityourscam/. 
“As we commemorate the anniversary of the D-Day invasion, we remember and honor those who fought and died on the beaches of Normandy to liberate Europe and defend the freedoms we enjoy today. We will never forget the sacrifices of the Greatest Generation, and we must continue our commitment to all veterans and their families, who continue to serve this country with distinction.” -Claire
"I'm going to reserve judgment until I can take a closer look at the report-which I expect to find comprehensive and thorough-and I'm looking forward to getting a full briefing from Mr. Valukas. I won't be letting GM leadership, or federal regulators, escape accountability for these tragedies. That's why I'll be holding a follow-up hearing later this summer to address unanswered questions. The families of those affected deserve no less." -Claire #GMRecall
It's stories like Jack's that keeps Claire fighting for sexual assault survivors to ensure they're getting the protections and services needed. Learn more more about Jack's story via KCTV5 News
LIVE NOW: Claire's hosting the second of three roundtable discussions focusing on Title IX of federal civil rights law, and policies to combat rape and sexual assaults on college and university campuses. Watch live on C-SPAN3. 
“Honoring our veterans starts with ensuring they get the benefits and care they’ve earned, especially as more and more of them return after a decade of war. This Memorial Day, we honor the men and women who have bravely served this country and defended the freedoms we all enjoy. We owe them an unknowable debt of gratitude, beginning with swift access to the quality of care they deserve. And that’s a goal I won’t stop fighting for.” -Claire
"Missouri has a proud tradition of military service, and I'm proud to once again help craft policies to bolster our national security, and maintain the critical role our state plays in keeping America safe. This legislation includes huge steps forward on stronger accountability over taxpayer dollars, on keeping our promises to our military veterans, and on our continuing effort to better protect and empower victims of sexual assault. And its wide, bipartisan support is a welcome reminder that America's security doesn't have to be a partisan issue." -Claire
KY3 in Springfield highlighted the first of three roundtable discussions Claire's holding on campus sexual assaults. Yesterday's discussion focused on The Clery Act, Campus SaVE Act, and new policies to combat rape and sexual assaults on college and university campuses.   We'll keep you posted as we schedule the two upcoming roundtables, including links where you can watch them live. 
Claire’s first in her series of public Campus Sexual Assault roundtable discussions has just gotten underway. Watch live: http://cs.pn/1jwehR2
This #TBT Claire found an old Mizzou law school graduation photo to serve as a reminder that without access to student loans she wouldn't have had the opportunity to get her degree. However, today more and more students are being saddled with unreasonable debt and rising interest rates. It’s important young students have the opportunity to borrow money at lower rates that allows them a #FairShot at getting the education they deserve.   Join Claire in calling for legislation to make college an affordable reality for every student who wants to continue their education.
It was a lot of fun having students from Gateway Middle School in St. Louis in our office today. Claire and her staff loved talking with them about Capitol Hill and appreciated that they weren't afraid to ask the tough questions! She encouraged them all to stay active in their school and community.
NA
Claire greeted veterans traveling to Washington, D.C. as part of the Central Missouri Honor Flight Program, and thanked them for their brave service to the country.
Women of the Senate say strongly, #BringBackOurGirls.
Happy Mother's Day! Wishing you a day of happiness surrounded by those you love.
Happy Birthday President Truman!   What better way to wish Harry Truman a happy birthday than a bipartisan initiative with Senator Roy Blunt to ensure his legacy lives on for generations. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1kRvf7Q
"These incredible crimes that have been committed should not go unanswered and I think it is incumbent on our nation, with the great resources we have, to make sure that we send the appropriate message to the world that this is al Qaeda, this is our enemy. Not just to our values and our way of life, but importantly, an enemy to innocent young women." -Claire #BringBackOurGirls
#Together Claire & Senator Kirsten Gillibrand talked with msnbc's Andrea Mitchell today about their joint effort to combat sexual assaults on college campuses. When asked if they would be able to get legislation through Congress, Claire replied, "Watch us work. When both of us are focused and agree on the policy, we're pretty good at rounding up the votes on a bipartisan basis."  If you missed the interview live, you can watch the full clip here: http://www.msnbc.com/andrea-mitchell-reports/watch/senators-team-up-to-fight-college-sex-assault-248322115987 #1is2Many
Claire's no stranger to the fight for consumer rights, and this time she's weighing-in on KMOV's investigation into reverse mortgages.
"These numbers show concrete progress as our recent sweeping reforms continue to take root and more victims have the confidence in the system to come out of the shadows and report these crimes. We know that the majority of survivors, both military and civilian, choose not to report their assaults-but this data suggests that the number of brave men and women in uniform choosing to pursue justice is increasing. Ultimately, one sexual assault is still one too many, so while these numbers represent progress, our fight is far from over." - Claire 
Our heartfelt congratulations to Missouri's Teacher of the Year Jamie Manker of Rockwood Summit High School. She'll be honored this week at the White House for her outstanding achievement. Please join us in thanking her for all she has done to empower young Missourians.
Missed Claire on CBS' Face The Nation yesterday? You can watch her full interview using the link below. 
Claire will appear on CBS' Face The Nation this Sunday, April 27 to talk about her efforts to curb sexual assaults on college campuses, as well as other news of the day.   The show airs at different times in different television markets, so please check local listings for the air time in your market, here: http://www.cbsnews.com/face-the-nation/local-listings/
"And after the past year saw a focused effort in Congress to address sexual assaults in the U.S. military -- resulting in a host of sweeping reforms to protect and empower victims and hold perpetrators and commanders accountable -- it's becoming clear to me that we may face similar systemic challenges on our college campuses. Challenges such as severe underreporting of assaults, and confusion over where to go for help." - Claire   Read Claire's entire piece in the The Huffington Post using the link below.  
"She’s starting with the issue of campus sexual assault the same way she did with the military, she said, “with a great deal of research.” Last week McCaskill met with representatives of the departments of Justice and Education...  'It’s time everyone does a gut-check and realizes hiding these statistics not going to make this problem any better,' she said. If we don’t know how big this problem is, we can never hope to solve it.'" Read the full-article below. 
Thanks for joining! That's all the time we have for today. Let us know if Q & A's are something you think we should continue to do in the future. Keep in mind that I read all of my tweets too, so you can also reach me on Twitter at @clairecmc. Thank you for your questions.
I'm ready for your questions. Feel free to send them my way. While we wait for your questions we'll start answering a few asked in advance.
A quick reminder that Claire will take your questions live TODAY at 3:30pm ET/2:30pm CT. We hope you can join her! If you're unable to ask your question at that time, please leave a question in advance in the comments section below and Claire will work to answer a few of those as well. 
Join Claire tomorrow at 3:30pm ET/2:30pm CT, right here on her Facebook page as she takes your questions LIVE. If you’re unable to ask a question during the Q&A, please feel free to leave your question in the comments section below. Claire will also answer a few of the questions asked in advance.
Grate news! Claire won’t let the European Union limit access to your favorite meats and cheeses. She called the recent efforts by the European Union to restrict the export of commonly named meats, “complete bologna.”   Read more about her efforts here: http://www.news-leader.com/story/news/local/ozarks/2014/04/08/europeans-want-name-bratwurst/7474223/
"The Paycheck Fairness Act is a simple step towards making our laws reflect two of the most important values we have in America...Equality and Justice. It's that simple." - Claire #EqualPay #PaycheckFairnessAct
Missed Claire on This Week with George Stephanopoulos yesterday? Watch her interview discussing last week's Senate hearing on the General Motors recall. 
Claire will appear on 'This Week with George Stephanopoulos" tomorrow morning to discuss the hearing she chaired earlier this week on the General Motors recall. The show airs at different times throughout the country, so please check local listings for air times: http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/#map
#TBT: Claire has spent her entire career fighting for victims of violence, and today was no exception: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6SVNe-jCJU&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw
In case you weren't able to catch the hearing today, Claire demanded answers from General Motors (GM) CEO Mary Barra on GM's slow action to recall 2.6 million vehicles for defective ignition switches that have been linked to at least 13 deaths - including a fatality in Missouri. Watch a recap of Claire's Consumer Protection Subcommittee hearing below. 
Happening Now: Claire just started her Consumer Protection Subcommittee hearing on the General Motors recall. She will hear from GM CEO Mary Barra. Watch the hearing live using the link below. 
As the nation marks the beginning of "Sexual Assault Awareness Month," Claire is continuing to lay the groundwork for her effort to combat sexual assaults on college campuses.  According to available statistics, approximately 19 percent of undergraduate women have been the victims of sexual assault. Because many crimes are not reported, however, it is likely, that this number is substantially higher.   Read more about Claire's efforts, here: http://1.usa.gov/1glWWD2
Claire reached 100,000 followers on Twitter recently and she thought she'd take a moment on her Tumblr to recap some of her more famous, or infamous moments - depending on how you look at them. 
Mizzou's Chancellor Bowen Loftin stopped by the office today to talk with Claire about university affairs, and expanding higher education opportunities. After the meeting Claire noted that, "it's going to be great to work with him to support my university." MIZ...
Today is National Ag Day, a day to say thank you to all of Missouri's farmers and ranchers who work to keep the state's agriculture industries thriving.    Learn more about National Ag Day from the Agriculture Council of America at: www.agday.org
Congratulations to Pi Pizzeria in St. Louis for being recognized in the President's weekly address for their decision to raise employee wages, because as the President said, it's "not out of charity, but because it’s good for business." 
Claire and Senator Roy Blunt teamed up at the Missouri Air National Guard Base in St. Joseph today for a roundtable discussion with base and community leaders to talk about the role of Missouri’s military bases in our national defense and the impact of the recently proposed Pentagon budget cuts.  Claire and Senator Blunt addressed their commitment to working together to support the base in today’s changing budget environment.
Aiming to “keep the economy moving in the right direction,” Claire today heard directly from Missourians at public town halls in Kansas City and Higginsville today, on ideas for how to keep expanding job and business opportunities in the state.
Claire has just kicked off her 'McCaskill on Main Street' town hall in Kansas City on the UMKC Campus and we're live-streaming it to make sure you all get a chance to tune in. Watch LIVE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3in-MJwBKo
Front page in today's Springfield News-Leader: "At a town hall in Springfield on Tuesday, McCaskill, a Democrat, said sexual assaults might be more under-reported on college campuses than in the military.  'I’m looking at what college campuses are doing in terms of keeping statistics, doing an inventory of services offered, finding out how many young people know if there’s a safe space on their campus where they can report,' McCaskill said during a news conference after the event."  Read the full article from Claire's 'McCaskill on Main Street' stop yesterday: http://sgfnow.co/PPoag8
Claire's hosting public town hall meetings and other events with local leaders across Missouri this week to hear directly from Missourians on how to continue expanding job and business opportunities.  Beginning today, Monday, March 17, “McCaskill on Main Street” will bring Claire to communities across the state where she will hear ideas and concerns from constituents, answer questions, and give a firsthand update about her ongoing work in the Senate to boost jobs.
Claire's hosting public town hall meetings and other events with local leaders across Missouri this week to hear directly from Missourians on how to continue expanding job and business opportunities.  Beginning today, Monday, March 17, “McCaskill on Main Street” will bring Claire to communities across the state where she will hear ideas and concerns from constituents, answer questions, and give a firsthand update about her ongoing work in the Senate to boost jobs.
Claire will continue her 'McCaskill on Main Street' tour tomorrow morning by hosting a town hall in Rolla at 11:00am. If you're in the area and interested in attending you can register using the link below. We hope to see you there.  http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/rollatownhall/
Claire will continue her 'McCaskill on Main Street' tour tomorrow afternoon by hosting a town hall in Springfield at 2:00pm. If you're in the area and interested in attending you can register using the link below. We hope to see you there.  http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/springfieldtownhall/
Claire will continue her "McCaskill on Main Street" tour tomorrow morning by hosting a town hall in Columbia at 11:15am. If you're in the area and interested in attending you can register using the link below. We hope to see you there.  http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/columbiatownhall/
Claire will kick off her "McCaskill on Main Street" tour tomorrow morning by hosting a town hall in Hannibal. If you're in the area and interested in attending you can register using the link below. We hope to see you there.  http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/hannibaltownhall/
Claire's headed across the state next week and she's looking to hear from you about about expanding business and job opportunities for Missourians. We'll keep you posted throughout the week on all her stops. 
There's some "Gouda News!" out of Claire's office today (pun intended). 
How often does Congress speak unanimously? The Senate just voted 97-0 to approve Claire's bipartisan legislation, boosting already historic reforms in our recent defense bill, to curb sex crimes in the military. Here's her take:  “Unanimous agreement in the U.S. Senate is pretty rare—but rarer still is the kind of sweeping, historic change we’ve achieved over the past year in the military justice system. Today the Senate voted to strengthen even further what is now one of the most victim-friendly justice systems in the world, in which every victim will get their own lawyer, commanders will be held accountable, and more perpetrators will see the inside of a brig. I’ll continue fighting alongside Senator Kelly Ayotte and Deb Fischer to get this bill across the finish line, and continue overseeing the aggressive implementation of these many historic reforms.”  #MST
"A former prosecutor, McCaskill said she spent her legal career supporting sex-crime victims at a time few others would. “The guys in my office used to laugh at the cases I’d take to court,’’ she said. “I took three guys who took a stripper home to court, and got them all three convicted.’’  McCaskill says that taking the prosecution of sex crimes in the military out of the chain of command would have resulted in fewer prosecutions, not more, because prosecutors, she said, 'get seduced by a win-loss record, and don’t want to take a loser to court.'" Read more from Sunday's Washington Post: 
NA
Further perspective on yesterday's debate and votes on reforms to combat military sexual assault. 
"This debate has been about one thing - getting the policy right to best protect and empower victims, and boost prosecutions of predators. I believe we're on the cusp of achieving that goal. The Senate has voted to strengthen even further what is now one of the most victim-friendly justice systems in the world. I'm eager to continue working closely with my colleagues such as Senators Levin, Ayotte, and Fischer - and with Senator Gillibrand who has been instrumental in focusing the nation's attention on addressing this critical topic-to aggressively and vigilantly implement these reforms and turn the corner in our shared battle to curb sexual assaults in the ranks." -Claire
Today, the Senate will debate and vote on historic reforms that Claire has worked tirelessly on to combat military sexual assault.   Watch the debate live: http://www.c-span.org/video/?318155-2/us-senate-general-speeches-nominations  Read more about how these historic reforms: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/McCaskillAyotteFischer.pdf
Congratulations to the Mid-Continent Public Library in Independence for being chosen as a finalist for the National Medal for Museum and Library Service for their work honoring local veterans. The medal is the nation’s highest honor for museums and libraries that make exceptional contributions to their communities. The library's efforts continue to make Independence and Missouri proud.
Catch Claire on NBC's Meet the Press this Sunday, March 2 discussing the Pentagon's proposed budget and troop reductions with fellow Armed Services Committee Member Senator Saxby Chambliss. The show airs at both 9am ET and CT. Check local listings for additional information. 
A U.S. Senate panel examining the link between sexual assault, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and suicide among members of the military and veterans, heard directly today from survivors of sexual assault about the expected benefits of assigning all survivors of assault their own independent legal counsel to protect their rights and fight for their interests.  “Our ability to treat this, and prevent suicide as a result of this absolutely insidious illness, should be at the top of all of our lists. And so I think that at least now we are beginning to recognize the problem—we’ve got a ways to go, obviously, with having the services tailored to the type of stress and trauma that has brought about this illness—and I think that’s what we’re all focused on trying to do now," Claire told the panel today. 
Claire today had the opportunity to meet Missouri delegates representing the Disabled American Veterans (DAV)—a veterans advocacy group dedicated to empowering veterans and improving their lives.
"I am asking all veterans to help us to keep Missouri's VA health care providers informed on both what they are doing well and where they need to continue to improve. Those who have risked everything to protect our freedoms have earned the best health care system we can provide." - Claire   Veterans seeking to participate in the Veterans Customer Satisfaction Program can visit Claire's website, http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/VCSP/, and complete the confidential survey.
Happy 250th Birthday St. Louis! #stl250  Be sure to check out the many birthday celebrations happening this weekend, here: http://www.stl250.org/signature-events-overview.aspx  Photo credit: A 1964 image of the Admiral riverboat with the Gateway Arch under construction in the background. Missouri Historical Society Collections
Earlier this week, Claire took your questions on msnbc about her work to combat military sexual assault, and now she's had the chance to read and respond to several of your questions. Check-out her responses on msnbc.com. 
"I'm not afraid to say no to my party and I'm not afraid to embrace the other party if it's a good idea that will work for the people of Missouri." -Claire    More from KOLR10 & Ozarks Local News discussion with Claire about her position as the most moderate member of the Senate. 
NA
Claire wants to answer your questions about sexual assault in the military and her stance on the best approach to curbing the issue. To join the conversation, check out  msnbc's instructions in the article below. She'll be posting her answers later this week. 
The nonpartisan news magazine National Journal has released its annual rankings of members of Congress from liberal-to-conservative-and Claire has again landed exactly in the moderate middle, ranking #50 out of 100.   Read more about the 2013 rankings here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=12085
“Even one case of fraud would have been too many, instead we now know that thousands of servicemembers, their families and friends may have participated in schemes to defraud the government they served and the taxpayers. Worst of all this program has the potential to become a stain on thousands of recruiters and National Guard members who do their jobs so well, and so honorably. And when I looked into how this could have happened the story just got worse." -Claire 
"This is discouraging and depressing. Clearly, we're talking about one of the largest criminal investigations in the history of the Army." -Claire   Claire will chair a hearing tomorrow morning before her Subcommittee on Financial and Contracting Oversight on the scandal, and will call top Army officials to testify. Watch live at 10am ET/9am CT: http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/subcommittees/fco/hearings/fraud-and-abuse-in-army-recruiting-contracts
"After an exhaustive and careful study of the issue, these independent and diverse experts have reached an unequivocal conclusion - stripping commanders of their ability to launch courts-martial in sexual assault cases would not result in more prosecutions of predators or more protections for victims. Just weeks ago, we passed into law an historic re-write of the military justice system to curb these heinous crimes, with reforms grounded in sound policy. And as we aggressively implement those reforms, this panel's diligent work is providing us with crucial information that must inform any future debate about alternative proposals." -Claire 
Claire had the distinct honor of meeting with Philomena Lee, the subject of a recent book and Oscar-nominated film about her decades-long search for the son who was forcibly adopted and raised by a family in St. Louis. They had the opportunity to discuss Irish adoption laws and Philomena’s work to reunite American children separated from their Irish families through forced adoption. A moving story from an incredible woman.
Following a week in which thousands of Missourians saw their propane costs nearly double, Claire has called on one of the nation's top consumer protection agencies to investigate the recent spike in propane prices.  Claire, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, demanded that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) - a federal agency designed to protect consumers from fraud and abusive practices associated with market speculation and manipulation - examine whether normal market forces are causing the dramatic spike in propane prices, or if opportunistic trading and price manipulation are at play.
“We’ve made a lot of progress these past few years, creating millions of jobs and pulling our economy out of the ditch—but there are an awful lot of commonsense ideas still sitting on the table that could build on that success, if elected leaders stop kowtowing to the political extremes and start working toward compromise to get things done. Raising the minimum wage for working families, building innovative private-public partnerships to invest in our roads and bridges, making the tax code fairer, and fixing our broken immigration system aren’t partisan initiatives. They’re commonsense goals that we should all be ready to rally behind to strengthen America’s middle class families.” -Claire #StateOfTheUnion #SOTU
Are you watching tonight's State of the Union address? Tell us what you hope to hear from the President.   Watch the #SOTU live at 9pm ET/8pm CT.
NA
“Eighty-five years ago, a man was born who would change the course of history, and whose inspiration would bend the ‘arc of the moral universe’ toward justice. Dr. King was a champion for justice, and a spokesman for peace, and his long struggle and sacrifice are just as relevant to us all today as they were when he lived. I join all Missourians in honoring the legacy of this great man, and in recommitting ourselves to the great unfinished work of achieving equality and justice for all people.” -Claire
"This is terrific news for Kansas City jobs - and it's further evidence that, far from the continued partisan bickering in Washington about the Affordable Care Act, the law is working to protect Missourians, expand insurance, and provide a boost to business opportunities. If ‘Obamacare' is threatening the economy as some elected officials claim, then somebody forgot to tell the economy." - Claire 
Following one of the nation's largest breaches of consumers' personal data in history, Claire, Chairman of the Consumer Protection Subcommittee is asking the President and CEO of Target for the latest findings on the circumstances that permitted unauthorized access to the financial and personally identifying information of as many as 110 million Americans during the busiest shopping time of the year. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1gF9o31
Today's #ThrowbackThursday is brought to you by the Springfield News-Leader, who highlighted some unique items found under the seats in the balcony of the old Landers Theater. Recognize those parents in the theater's 1979 advertisement? #TBT
In case you missed it, last night  CNN covered Claire's new investigation in weight-loss scams and her call for Missourians to share their stories (all submissions are confidential). Simply go to her website at www.McCaskill.Senate.Gov/SubmitYourScam to tell your story.
Good luck to the Saint Louis University Women's Basketball Team as they take on George Washington University tonight in D.C. We're glad they had a chance to stop by the office during their visit. Go Billikens!
Don’t let your New Year’s resolution find you in a scam. Learn more about Claire’s new initiative and tell her your story on her website, here: http://1.usa.gov/KAjok4
From Claire's swearing-in to begin her second term last January, to her months-long battle to combat military sexual assault, it's been a busy year in the Senate. Here's a look at Claire's work fighting for Missouri in 2013. http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/2013/
It may only be Tuesday (#tbt still applies, right?), but we're sending you this little throwback picture to kick off your holiday festivities. May you have a very Merry Christmas surrounded by those you love. *Photo credit: National Archives
This past weekend, Claire was honored to give the commencement address at Southeast Missouri State University’s winter commencement telling students, "Don't underestimate the power of confidence. Take risks. Believe me, failure is a good thing. Reach out. Don't forget about old fashioned communication. And treasure your family."
Claire took advantage of the plans available on healthcare.gov this week, and enrolled in a new insurance plan. She wanted to have the same process as Missourians—so she used healthcare.gov instead of the Washington, DC exchange—which means she forfeited her federal employer contribution to her health plan and will be paying the entire cost of her new plan. Learn about her experience using the federal health insurance exchange. You can read specifics of her new plan, HERE: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=12046
“For me, this year has been largely defined by my fight for victims of military sexual assault—and I know that’s also the case for many of my colleagues. We all recognized the crisis that sexual crimes represent to our servicemembers, and we pursued reforms that would encourage survivors to report these assaults, lead to more prosecutions, and put these perpetrators behind bars.   The overwhelming majority of these reforms were met with near-consensus, but there were also areas of spirited disagreement—areas that often received a big share of the spotlight. What received less attention was the incredible dedication and tenacity with which Congress approached this work. Washington is often characterized as ‘broken,’ and too often that characterization is true. But this issue should give us all optimism that we can work together to find serious solutions to tough problems.   This represents a huge win for victims of sexual assault, and for justice in America’s armed forces, but this is no finish line. In the months and years ahead, vigilance will be required to ensure that these historic reforms are implemented forcefully and effectively. Given the incredible advocacy and passion displayed by so many on this issue, I know we are finally, belatedly, headed in the right direction.” -Claire
"It's not a perfect deal for any Member, but that's because it's a compromise, which is something we need more of around here. I'm pleased that responsible people got in a room and worked together, instead of taking a ‘my way or the highway' approach. This agreement reduces the deficit while also addressing some of the heavy-handed aspects of budget cuts by sequestration-which were harming our military and our communities. I'm pleased that the agreement keeps us on a glide path to lower spending, and I am hopeful this step forward will allow us to continue working together to find additional budget savings and keep our economy moving in the right direction. A great deal of work remains to be done." -Claire
NA
It’s friends in the Senate like U.S. Senator Susan Collins that truly embody what it means to work across the aisle to accomplish bipartisan goals. In awe of her kind words about Claire. The feelings are mutual.
Here's a #ThrowBackThursday for you! Claire found this photo of her older sister Anne (left), grandma, mom Betty Anne, and Claire with her, as she described them, "chipmunk cheeks." Can you tell what book they're reading?  #TBT
“This agreement represents a huge win for justice in America’s Armed Forces. While we’re frustrated that votes on additional measures did not occur, these historic reforms—including installing civilian review over prosecutorial decisions, barring commanders from changing jury verdicts, assigning victims their own legal counsel, criminalizing retaliation against victims, and mandating dishonorable discharge for convicted sex offenders—will mean a new day for justice for American servicemembers. And we’re going to work as hard as we can to enact these critical reforms into law.” -Claire
If you’re a member of the National Guard or Reserves, Claire’s encouraging you to nominate exceptional employers for an award that highlights their outstanding work going above and beyond to support you and other men and women who sacrifice so much for our country.   The Department of Defense sponsors the Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award as part of the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR) program. Guard and Reserve members, or a family member acting on their behalf, may nominate their employers at www.FreedomAward.mil. The deadline to nominate is January 20, 2014.
"I had way too much fun in college. These songs take me back to those years. If you're close to my age they should bring back memories. Thanks Mizzou for a great education and a great time. And for all those watching tomorrow's big game, M-I-Z..." -Claire
“Nelson Mandela's principled life defined courage. History will be kind to him. He deserved and earned the world's admiration and respect.” -Claire
"As many of you know I was raised by two Mizzou graduates and spent from 4th grade until I graduated from law school in Columbia. To say I was raised under a black and gold banner is an understatement. And my father really taught me about the game of football. So when I was a senior at Mizzou I decided to make him a very special Christmas present. I designed and drew the football helmets of all of our conference members and needle-pointed this large wall hanging for him. It now hangs in my home where I have tried to pass on to my children a love of football and all things Mizzou. My dad would be very excited and proud of our team this year and would be relishing our role of underdog in the SEC championship game this weekend. Merry Christmas and M...I...Z..." -Claire #TBT #ThrowbackThursday
Need a last minute tip to make sure your turkey stays juicy? Claire shared a family secret on her Tumblr today. Happy Thanksgiving!
"The twenty-six historic reforms that are in the bill are going to make our military the most victim-friendly criminal justice system in the world. In no other system does a victim get their own lawyer. In no other system will they have the protection and empowerment, and deference that we are creating for them with this bill." -Claire
Claire will take to the #Senate floor today to make the case for historic military sexual assault reforms. Watch live and join the discussion: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/ #ThePolicyMatters
"It's very important that we not lose sight that this isn't about a bumper sticker, it isn't about one side versus the other. This is about doing the very best job we can on the policy so that we can protect victims, prosecute offenders and get them out of our military. That's what this is about, and with every fiber of my being, I believe we are going to accomplish that with the reforms that we're embracing." - Claire on historic military sexual assault reforms.
When it comes to combating military sexual assault, the policy matters.
NA
The policy matters. Claire explains why, here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KE7o1jp_Hc&feature=c4-overview&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw
Congratulations to our two winners of Claire's "Autumn Across Missouri" cover photo contest! Each of their photos will be featured as the page's cover photo for a month at a time.   Thank you everyone for your participation and for highlighting Missouri's beautiful fall scenery.
"I think it's one of the most important jobs I have. Whether we keep our promises to veterans reflects on the character of our nation,” Claire said this weekend after she secured a medal, sixty years overdue, for a Missouri Korean War veteran—and on Veterans Day no less.  Dencil Francis is a brave Korean War Veteran who, like many in his generation, never sought out recognition for his bravery, but yesterday was a long-awaited day for his friends and family.   Please express your heartfelt gratitude in the comments section for Francis and other veterans who have sacrificed so much for our country.
“For more than two centuries, through times of turmoil and peace, America has counted on its troops to protect and preserve the freedoms we often take for granted. And over the past decade, we’ve seen thousands of servicemembers return home to civilian life as new veterans. It’s nothing short of a moral obligation that we stand by our veterans as they have stood by us. As I spend the holiday weekend with my kids and grandkids, I’ll take pride in sharing with them—just as my parents and grandparents shared with me—how the sacrifice our military veterans have made for our country is something to be honored and remembered. And I’ll continue fighting to ensure Congress lives up to its promises to our nation’s veterans.” -Claire
Last, but certainly not least, the final submissions have been posted to the album. Remember to vote for your favorite ones by simply 'liking' the photo. Thank you all for your participation. The photos have been nothing short of beautiful. The two winners will be announced on Wednesday! 
As Claire continues her “Autumn Across Missouri” cover photo contest, we’re sharing the first batch of submissions we’ve received from Missourians all across the state. Please take a moment to vote for your favorite by simply ‘liking’ the photo. Voting closes Wednesday, November 13!  Have a photo you want to submit? There’s still time! Email the photo, with your name, hometown, and photo location to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com by Friday, November 8. We look forward to seeing all your beautiful photos!
As Claire continues her “Autumn Across Missouri” cover photo contest, we’re sharing the first batch of submissions we’ve received from Missourians all across the state. Please take a moment to vote for your favorite by simply ‘liking’ the photo. Voting closes Wednesday, November 13!  Have a photo you want to submit? There’s still time! Email the photo, with your name, hometown, and photo location to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com by Friday, November 8. We look forward to seeing all your beautiful photos!
Wow, eleven new beautiful submissions have been added to the album for your consideration! Be sure to take a look at these new additions and continue voting for your favorite ones by simply 'liking' the photo of your choice. Voting will end Wednesday, November 13. 
Claire, who led the effort to reform management of Arlington National Cemetery during her first Senate term, will introduce legislation to the National Defense Authorization Act giving the Pentagon a one-year deadline to address systemic mismanagement in its efforts to recover and identify personnel that are prisoners of war or missing in action (POW/MIA).  An investigation by the Government Accountability Office revealed that POW/MIA recovery efforts were woefully mismanaged and that the Pentagon was not likely to meet the goal of identifying 200 POW/MIA per year by 2015.
As Claire continues her “Autumn Across Missouri” cover photo contest, we’re sharing the first batch of submissions we’ve received from Missourians all across the state. Please take a moment to vote for your favorite by simply ‘liking’ the photo. Voting closes Wednesday, November 13!  Have a photo you want to submit? There’s still time! Email the photo, with your name, hometown, and photo location to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com by Friday, November 8. We look forward to seeing all your beautiful photos!
A must-read in USA TODAY from two retired Army officers, who’ve worked closely with the military justice system—supporting needed reforms to curb sexual assaults in the military, but raising the alarm about the risks involved if commanders are stripped of their responsibilities in these cases.  Lisa M. Schenck, retired Army Judge Advocate, and John D. Altenburg Jr., retired Army major general wrote that such a move has proven to be ineffective in other countries. “Proponents of reducing commander responsibility cite the military justice systems of Australia, the United Kingdom, Israel and Canada, all countries where military commanders no longer have decision-making responsibility for serious sex crimes. But statistics from these countries are disappointing for those looking for better results than in the U.S. military…No one has made a convincing case that the silver bullet is removing commanders from the system. A "fix" that doesn't target the right problem isn't a fix at all.”
In her ongoing fight to curb military sexual assaults, Claire today introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Roy Blunt that would open a new front in the battle.  Senator Barbara Boxer, U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator Kirsten Gillibrand joined them in sponsoring the bill that would amend Article 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) to help prevent abusive treatment of sexual assault survivors in a pre-trial setting.                                                   Claire's legislation has already garnered the endorsement of key groups including, the Service Women's Action Network (SWAN) and Protect Our Defenders.
On what would have been the 97th birthday of Missouri Native Walter Cronkite, Claire’s office was honored to take part in the grand opening of the Walter Cronkite Memorial at Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph. Once considered "the most trusted man in America," Cronkite was born and raised in St. Joe.  Learn more about Cronkite, his legacy, and what the memorial means to Missouri, here: http://www.missouriwestern.edu/wcm/
We've already received many beautiful submissions and looking forward to many more. To send in a photo, simply email the photo to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com with your name, hometown and location of the photo. Keep them coming!
Halloween may be over, but Autumn’s in full swing across #Missouri. We’re looking to showcase some of the state’s beautiful fall landscapes. Submit your photo by Friday, November 8 to mccaskillphotos@gmail.com to participate in “Claire’s Cover Photo Contest.”  All Autumn landscape photos will be posted on Facebook and the two photos that receive the most likes will be featured as cover photos on our page for a month at a time with the photographers first name and location of the photo. Looking forward to seeing the Autumn scenes you’ve all captured!
NA
BREAKING: Claire scored a win for travelers, as the Federal Aviation Administration finally embraced the expanded use of portable electronic devices (like iPads, Kindles, and e-readers) on airplanes. Talking on cell phones will still be prohibited. 
 
 “This is great news for the traveling public—and frankly, a win for common sense. I applaud the FAA for taking the necessary steps to change these outdated regulations and I look forward to the airlines turning around quick plans for implementation.” -Claire
 
 Read more: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=12010
After security leaks from contractor Edward Snowden and the tragic shooting at the Washington Navy Yard illustrated systemic problems with the security clearance background check process, Claire along with U.S. Senator Susan Collins, Senator Kelly Ayotte, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, today introduced bipartisan legislation that would implement an automated review of public records and databases for any information that might affect the security clearance status of individuals who have such a clearance.
“Missouri lost a giant tonight. Ike Skelton represented the very best of Missouri, and fought tirelessly for the state he loved. Those of us lucky enough to call him a friend know that he lived the Missouri values of compromise and common sense. And in his half-century of service, he showed how Missouri could be a leader in contributing to the safety and security of our nation. I join all Missourians in sending my thoughts and prayers to Patty and the rest of Ike’s family. I’ll miss him dearly.” -Claire
#Missouri native and heroic veteran Lance Thornton is heading to Bangkok this week to compete as one of only 15 U.S. archers. This Purple Heart and Bronze Star with Valor recipient overcame incredible obstacles to compete against other world class archers. Wish him luck as he heads to Bangkok! 
 
 Read his incredible story in the Springfield News-Leader, here: http://www.news-leader.com/article/20131028/NEWS01/310280033/Lance-Thornton-Iraq-veteran-prosthetic-arm-bowhunting?sf18824355=1
While last night’s game might not have gone how we wanted it to for the St. Louis Cardinals, our office is ready for Game 2!  Thanks to Emma in our front office for turning a pumpkin into our own Fredbird. Hoping it brings good luck. Go Cardinals!
Claire wrote to Morning Joe host and Boston Red Sox fan Joe Scarborough, letting him know why she’s taking a break from watching this week, and telling him how she feels about his public love for the opposing team. #WorldSeries  #CardinalNation
In case you missed it, Claire spoke with PBS' Charlie Rose this past weekend about the recent government shutdown and the importance of compromise in #Congress.
As the government reopens and thousands of Missourians are able to return to work, there’s a story you might have missed highlighting the importance of Claire’s work in the Senate to ensure consumers are protected against fraud, errors and abuse.   As Chairman of the Senate Consumer Protection Subcommittee, Claire stepped in and helped a young #Missouri man clear his credit history of errors not created by him, but were so large they were impacting his purchasing ability. As she told KCTV, “You shouldn't have to get a United States Senator to fix it for you. You should be able to fix it for yourself, quickly and efficiently.”
"Let's learn from this and do better. I sincerely hope this bipartisan agreement can be a blueprint for future cooperation and compromise. As we turn the page, I'm anxious to get back to work on the things that really matter to Missouri families-like expanding job opportunities, fixing our roads, and making college more affordable. But we're only going to achieve those goals through negotiation, compromise, and moderation." -Claire
In the absence of FY 2014 appropriations or a continuing budget resolution for the Legislative Branch, Senator McCaskill’s office has been forced to close effective October 1, 2013. The office will reopen when a continuing budget resolution is approved. In the meantime, no updates will be posted on the office Facebook page. Senator McCaskill is disappointed with the shutdown of government operations and the inconvenience to Missourians and will continue to work to fund the government as quickly as possible.
“It is completely unacceptable that U.S. House Republicans are willing to shut down the government. This will upset our economic recovery and cause thousands of Missourians real pain. They know that the President will not back up on his work to provide affordable and accessible health care. They know that the Senate will not overturn these reforms. A decision was made at the ballot box last November, and supporters of the Affordable Care Act were returned to office by the American people. We can negotiate federal spending and the budget. We should not negotiate on keeping our government functioning and paying our bills. It is time for Speaker Boehner to allow the House to vote on a clean government funding bill without the unrealistic and irresponsible political posturing.” -Claire
“Real people are going to be hurt here. This isn’t just about who’s on the Sunday morning shows. Who’s your primary opponent. What are they saying on cable news. This is about real folks and we need to be focused on them. So I implore you Speaker Boehner, let your members vote. Just let them vote…and if it’s defeated then let’s talk, but I bet you a cup of coffee it won’t be.” - Claire  #LetHouseVote
Have you or someone you know ever been the victim of a "patent troll’s" deceptive tactics? As chairman of the Senate’s Consumer Protection Subcommittee, Claire’s looking at the impact patent trolls are having on consumers and small businesses.   Tell her your story on her website, here: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=form&id=45
Wishing Missourian and National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA Astronaut Mike Hopkins the best of luck as he and the rest of his crew dock on the International Space Station until next March. Mike, a native of Richland, is the first member of the 2009 NASA astronaut class to fly into space. Leave your well wishes for this accomplished Missourian in the comments section below.  Read more about Mike and his outstanding career: http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/Bios/htmlbios/hopkins-ms.html
Claire took over the front desk for part of the day to take calls directly from Missourians. She answered questions and addressed concerns on variety of issues from avoiding a possible #GovernmentShutdown, to how #Obamacare will improve access to affordable #healthcare. 
 
 Watch a short highlight video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKXhkclBGXo&feature=c4-overview&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw
Some elected officials are spreading a rumor that members of Congress and staff got an “exemption” from #Obamacare—watch Claire address the rumor directly today on Morning Joe.
Claire continues to lead the effort to reform this #government program rife with fraud, and now she's calling on the FCC to  refer multiple Lifeline service providers to Department of Justice prosecutors after reports of potentially criminal violations.
Catch Claire on Fox News Sunday this upcoming Sunday, September 22 at 9am CT. Check local listings for additional time and channel information: http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/fox-news-sunday/blog/2009/07/31/fns-local-air-times
Claire, who co-chaired a recent #Senate hearing in which it was revealed that the government contractor USIS is under criminal investigation, today released the following statement after the company acknowledged that it performed the background check on Navy Yard shooter Aaron Alexis:  “From Edward Snowden to Aaron Alexis, what’s emerging is a pattern of failure on the part of this company, and a failure of this entire system, that risks nothing less than our national security and the lives of Americans. What’s most frightening is that USIS performs a majority of background checks for our government. We clearly need a top-to-bottom overhaul of how we vet those who have access to our country’s secrets and to our secure facilities. I plan to pursue such an overhaul, and won’t rest until it’s achieved."
Following-up on yesterday’s letter to the #Navy, today Claire’s demanding answers from top #government officials on the thoroughness of the #NavyYard gunman’s background investigation.  More: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1986
Following yesterday’s tragic shooting at Washington, D.C.’s #NavyYard, a watchdog report today detailed major deficiencies in a program that was used to grant contractor employees unrestricted access to #Navy installations. In response, Claire’s demanding answers from the U.S. Navy.   The report from the Defense Department’s Inspector General details fundamental problems in the Navy Commercial Access Control System (NCACS), which was designed to expedite access to Navy facilities for contract employees. Lax oversight and administration allowed 52 convicted felons access to Navel facilities, including those who had previously been convicted of charges such as “conspiracy to distribute” cocaine and “indecent liberties with a child.”
Claire’s moving to protect residents and businesses around Table Rock Lake, from service disruptions and new costs, after a finding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers—which manages leases around the Lake—entered into its management agreement improperly.  “It’s outrageous that families and businesses around Table Rock Lake would have to pay the price for the Army Corps’ failure—and that’s why Senator Roy Blunt and I are going to work together to hold the agency accountable. Army Corps leadership should be embarrassed by this, and it’s up to them to find a solution that protects folks in this area from service disruptions or higher costs.” – Claire
As the nation remembers 9/11, Claire was honored to spend the day visiting with Missouri heroes who helped defend our freedoms in World War II. More than sixty years after they helped achieve victory, veterans from Kansas City today visited the National World War II Memorial for the first time.
“My thoughts and prayers remain foremost with those who lost loved ones on that day—many of them first responders who rushed toward danger, displaying a spirit and sacrifice that makes all #Americans proud. I also pay tribute to the all those whose lives changed since, including the thousands of men and women who gave their lives fighting the wars that followed. While twelve years have passed since that horrific attack, our country continues to confront a complex landscape in which the core question of how to keep Americans safe engenders heated debate. I plan to honor the memory of that day by continuing to take a thoughtful and measured approach to our nation’s national security, and by putting the safety of the American people above all else.” -Claire
Nearly a half-century after being wounded in action during the Vietnam War, Missouri veteran Walter Sitzwohl has finally received the Purple Heart he earned, and Claire was thrilled she was able to help. Sitzwohl enlisted in the United States Army in January 1968, and served a total of 21 months, 19 days, in the Republic of Vietnam.  Sitzwohl’s wife, Tomme Sitzwohl, made contact with Claire in July regarding her husband’s Purple Heart. At the request of Claire’s office, the Army reviewed its records and determined Sitzwohl should have been awarded the Purple Heart medal for the combat wounds he sustained while serving in Vietnam. Claire arranged a formal award ceremony for Sitzwohl, where he receive his long overdue Purple Heart in St. Peters.
This weekend a brave group of #Missouri National Guardsmen got the welcome home ceremony they deserve. Though they returned home a few months ago, they were finally recognized for their incredible work serving a nine-month tour looking for roadside bombs in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.   Please leave your messages thanking this brave group of Missourians in the comments section below.
“This holiday weekend is another chance to express my admiration for, and commitment to, Missouri’s working families. All #Americans deserve the opportunity to work, and to have workplace protections that provide a pathway to a more secure economic future. And I pledge to continue fighting for that access and opportunity every day as a United States Senator.” -Claire #LaborDay
“After a string of high-profile horror stories, alongside a disturbing new report exposing the staggering scope of the problem, public attention is now rightly focused on how to curb sexual assaults in our military. We can't let this opportunity pass. Congress has to get this right.  We approach this debate as Democratic women serving in a male-dominated Congress. We're senior members of the Senate and House Armed Services Committees, respectively. More to the point — one of us is a survivor of sexual assault, the other a former courtroom prosecutor of sex crimes. And those experiences shape our approach, and fuel our passion, to find the strongest possible reforms to achieve justice for survivors of these crimes.”   Read Claire and Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez's column in USA TODAY on their approach to combating military sexual assault.
“On this day in 1963, Dr. King called for liberty, equality, and justice for all people in this great country. The anniversary of that pivotal moment in our history gives us the chance to honor those who marched for freedom—and is a reminder that, while significant progress has been made, the fight for full equality and justice continues today. This day cannot be simply a commemoration, but rather must also be a call to action. Let’s use this opportunity to recommit ourselves to the work ahead, and pledge to carry on Dr. King’s fight for a more perfect union.” -Claire
As employment rates continue to grow and the national deficit shrinks, Claire held a jobs roundtable discussion with local business owners and elected officials to gather feedback on opportunities and challenges for area employers, and discuss ideas for continuing to create economic opportunity and job growth.
Claire heard directly from Kansas City female law enforcement leaders today at a monthly luncheon about some of the opportunities and challenges they face in their occupations.
Today’s St. Joseph News-Press highlights Claire’s ongoing work to rid consumers of fraudulent robocalls, by calling on telephone companies to implement technological solutions that would filter out fraudulent calls.
 
 Read more: http://www.newspressnow.com/news/local_news/article_427d360d-60fb-552f-9ec0-5183c617bd15.html
 
 Encountered a consumer scam? Let Claire know how she can look into the problem on her website: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=form&id=45
A little #ThrowBackThursday photo for you. Can you spot Claire in this  Mizzou Law School photo? Just a short time later she would go on to become an assistant prosecutor in Kansas City, and later the first woman to serve as Jackson County Prosecutor.
In case you missed it, Claire took to Meet the Press last Sunday to talk about her work combating #military sexual assault and why it's critical to hold commanders accountable for addressing these crimes. 
Tune in Sunday morning to catch Claire on Meet The Press. She'll be talking national security, and historic reforms in the Senate to combat sexual assaults in the military.  http://www.stripes.com/at-the-crux-of-sexual-assault-debate-the-role-of-command-1.233661
“Once again, Missourians are faced with severe weather threatening their homes and businesses—but I’m confident the communities across southern Missouri will weather these storms with the same resilience they’ve shown time and again. My prayers go out to all those in affected areas. I stand ready to advocate for federal resources.” - Claire   For those needing help or wanting to help others, please check out your local Red Cross.
Claire joined Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell, Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, and state and city officials and local partners in St. Louis to break ground on the ‘Park over the Highway’ project, the first component in the CityArchRiver 2015 plan to revitalize and improve access to the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial, home of the Gateway Arch. Photo credit: ProPhotoSTL.com
Claire and Senator Kelly Ayotte joined PBS NewsHour last night to talk about why their historic #military sexual assault reforms will increase reporting and better protect victims.
After leading a years-long, successful effort to correct mismanagement at Arlington National Cemetery, Claire today chaired a Senate hearing aimed at rooting out extensive, systemic problems plaguing the Pentagon program tasked with finding, identifying, and returning the remains of American military personnel missing in action.
Claire and Republican Senator Rob Portman introduced bipartisan legislation—endorsed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, several labor unions, and the Business Roundtable—that will cut down on burdensome and duplicative regulations, allowing infrastructure, development, and energy projects to be constructed more quickly, and providing a boost to the economy.
These historic #military sexual assault reforms will better protect victims and prevent future sexual assaults. Claire’s fighting for #justice, join her in this historic fight.
Claire was proud to be joined by a group of retired female servicemembers, along with Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) and Senator Jon Tester (D-MT), to discuss the historic and bipartisan reforms approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee to combat military sexual assaults. The group of retired female judge advocate, commanders, and non-commissioned officers shared their personal views on how best to protect victims and prevent military sexual assault—articulating why keeping the commander involved in prosecutions is a critical component of any reform package.
Claire's turning 60 tomorrow! Here's a little playlist she made to keep her dancing on her big day, and she's hoping you'll join her. #Spotify
Taking a moment to share a story with a happy ending for one of Claire’s #KansasCity staff members. A big THANK YOU to all who helped Greg find his four-legged friend who went missing after Greg’s home was robbed. We’re glad Rufus is back safe and sound! #MansBestFriend
Do you know what the "s" in "Harry S. Truman" stands for? Then you might be from... http://www.buzzfeed.com/danoshinsky/signs-you-grew-up-in-kansas-city
Claire drew from her many years as a prosecutor as she continued her push today to ensure #survivors of military sexual assault get the justice they deserve.
Hope to see you there!
 
 Be sure to RSVP for the event, here: http://buzzfeedbrews.splashthat.com/
Claire is thrilled to announce today that more than 400 civilian #jobs are staying in #KansasCity for at least another 30 years. Kansas City beat out New Orleans for the long term offices of the Marine Corp Information Technology Center.
Today, Claire demanded answers from federal officials on a recent report finding that the U.S. government constructed a new 64,000-square-foot military headquarters worth $34 million in Afghanistan that sits empty and will likely be torn down. The headquarters was constructed against the recommendations of area commanders and Claire vowed “not to stop” until she gets to the bottom of this.
Claire announced today that President Obama signed into law her legislation naming the new I-70 bridge over the Mississippi River in St. Louis the “Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge,” after the measure unanimously passed the U.S. Senate last month. 
 
 “I’m thrilled to see this tribute to Stan Musial become a reality. The class, integrity, and service he showed to the game of baseball, the country, and the citizens of St. Louis deserves to be remembered, and today’s signing ensures that it will be.” - Claire
Today, Claire took aim at fraudulent #robocalls that continue to creep into homes and businesses across #Missouri. She’s committed to ending these types of calls and putting the power back in the consumer’s hands. Watch highlights of her hearing.
Three years after Claire led a successful fight to overhaul the management at Arlington National Cemetery, she’s demanding answers about an internal report that found a Pentagon program aimed at finding, identifying, and returning the remains of American troops missing in action has been woefully mismanaged—and that senior officials may have suppressed the critical report.  “This is a deeply personal issue for thousands of families across the country—many of whom have been actively engaged in these efforts for decades. We’ve got a responsibility to make sure this program is being run in a responsible manner, and I will not rest until we have answers.” -Claire
“#IndependenceDay offers an opportunity each year to take stock of the many blessings we have in #America—foremost, our hard-fought freedoms. It’s a chance for us to honor those who’ve served throughout our nation’s history, and who continue to serve today, putting their lives on the line to defend our way of life and keep our families safe. And it’s a time for us to renew our commitment, to do our part, to continue to build a more perfect union. Today, I join all Missourians, and folks across the country, in paying tribute to this grand democracy, that continues to provide a beacon of #liberty to nations across the globe.” -Claire
Yesterday, Claire visited the Springfield Transportation Management Center where she previewed bipartisan legislation she plans to introduce to cut red tape and improve the permitting process for big infrastructure projects. She also highlighted the recent failure of the Missouri State Legislature to address the state’s infrastructure needs.
Claire hosted a celebration at the Amtrak Train Station located in downtown Kirkwood to personally thank the station’s hardworking volunteers for their commitment to preserving and operating the historic train station for more than 10 years.   In 2002, the City of Kirkwood was on the verge of losing its historic train station due to budget constraints. However, the residents of the community banded together and the City of Kirkwood arranged to purchase the station from Amtrak. In doing so, the citizens saved the 120-year-old branch from decommission and preserved an iconic landmark in downtown Kirkwood.
Legislation naming the new I-70 bridge over the Mississippi River in St. Louis the “Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge” unanimously passed the U.S. Senate today, and is expected to be signed by President Obama.
 
 “As Jack Buck would say, ‘That’s a winner. It’s a good day for St. Louis, St. Louis Cardinals Nation, and the Musial family—and I’m thrilled the #StanSpan will soon be a reality.” -Claire 
 More: http://1.usa.gov/1ajCqVD
Wall Street Journal Columnist James Taranto recently decried that Claire was launching a “war on men” in her efforts to combat sexual assault in the #military. Well, Claire responded today. Read her response to Mr. Taranto on The Daily Beast.
“A conservative Supreme Court today recognized what my kids, and an increasing number of Americans, already consider common sense—that the federal government shouldn’t refuse to recognize marriages that individual states have said are lawful. All Americans, gay and straight, should be allowed to fully participate in this most basic of family values, and today, our great country is another step closer to achieving that #equality under the law.” - Claire
Claire took questions via video conference from more than 800 high school females attending the 2013 Missouri Girls State about women in leadership. She gave them her best advice saying, "success is not what you own, it's loving what you do."
Yesterday, Claire chaired a hearing where she revealed that the contracting firm which conducted Edward Snowden's background check for a security clearance is under active criminal investigation. Watch a recap of her hearing from KMBC 9 News Kansas City.
Claire was honored to meet and congratulate Missouri's Presidential Scholar Recipient Corey Matzat from Branson High School. Corey received a perfect score on his ACT, is valedictorian of Branson High School, an Eagle Scout, a National Merit Scholar, and now a U.S. Presidential Scholar. He will attend Mizzou this fall to study computer engineering. 
 
 Leave Corey your messages of congratulations and well-wishes in the comments section below!
Claire welcomed Mizzou President Tim Wolfe to her office today to talk about issues facing Missouri students, including keeping interest rates low, and college affordable.
Wishing every father a very Happy Father's Day!
Happy Flag Day and a Happy 238th Birthday to our nation's Army! Thank you to all who serve.
Today, the Senate Armed Services committee adopted historic reforms to address sexual assault in the military. Claire spoke to her fellow committee members about why these reforms are critical to combating this issue: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIScO1hf0Yk&feature=youtu.be
"Just as we did last year, the Senate has passed a Farm Bill that saves taxpayers money, reduces our deficit, and provides Missouri's farmers and ranchers the certainty they need to plan for the future. It will once again head to the U.S. House, where they can either fail rural America by refusing to act-just as they did last year-or they can approve this crucial, bipartisan measure, and provide a needed boost to the cornerstone of Missouri's economy." -Claire
The General Services Administration Inspector General released a new report, which found a division director of the agency’s Information Technology contracts improperly interfered with the contracting officer’s decisions and extended contracts that totaled nearly $1 billion at poor prices, leading Claire to call it “a shocking abuse of authority by a senior government official." Read more from KTTS News.
"There are two problems: one, is you have sexual predators who are committing crimes, and two, you have work to do on the issue of a respectful and healthy work environment. These are not the same issues, and with all due respect General Odierno, we can prosecute our way out of the first issue. We can prosecute our way out of the problem of sexual predators who are not committing crimes of lust. My years of experience in this area tell me they are committing crimes of domination and violence.” -Claire
Today's New York Times front page piece highlights how the record number of women Senators continue to work together in confronting the issue of sexual assault in the military.
 
 Read the article and watch video of Claire talking about this important issue here: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/03/us/women-in-the-senate-gain-strength-in-rising-numbers.html?_r=1&
As a deadline approaches that would double the interest rate on federally-backed student loans from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent, Claire pledged to students in Columbia today that she would continue her efforts to keep those rates affordable for Missouri students.
ICYMI: Claire was in Kansas City yesterday asking for your help to crack down on scam artists. If you have a scam you think Claire should investigate, visit her website at McCaskill.senate.gov to “Submit Your Scam.”
Joined by Jackson County Prosecutor and local Attorney General’s office, Claire highlighted recent investigations spurred by Missourians,  examining credit report accuracy and aggressive marketing tactics in the medical equipment industry
“I’m blessed to be spending this holiday weekend close to my family, and I hope many of you are able to do the same. But regardless of who we’re with or where we are during this holiday, we’ll all be exercising freedoms that generations of Americans died to provide us. Many servicemembers have made that ultimate sacrifice during the past year and it’s imperative that we all take time to recognize and honor them, alongside all of our fallen heroes. I wish all Missourians a safe and blessed Memorial Day weekend.” - Claire
Claire honored veterans by participating in a Memorial Day ceremony where wounded warriors received Segway personal transporters to improve their mobility and independence.
Today, Claire introduced bipartisan, bicameral legislation with Senator Susan Collins and Representatives  Mike Turner and Congresswoman Niki Tsongas to combat military sexual assault saying, “we need to march forward unified with important reforms that will protect and support the victims.”
“In the past two years—and in the face of devastating loss—the people of Joplin found the courage to heal their community and rebuild. Doing so, they’ve offered a testament that is especially important today. The marks left by these storm won’t ever disappear completely, but I know that all Missourians are proud of the progress Joplin has made in such a short amount of time, and the resilience of its families and businesses. As we pray and stand ready to help those impacted by this week’s tragedies, Joplin offers us all a reason for hope.”  - Claire
Today, Claire today led a Senate hearing focused on legislation that would ban car rental companies from renting out or selling vehicles that are under manufacturer recall. The Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2013 was introduced last week by Claire and Senators  Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.),  Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), and Senator Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.).  The bill was named after two sisters who were killed in 2004 while driving a rental car that had been recalled for a power-steering hose defect but had not been repaired.
Today, Claire announced the opening of the application process for an appointment to one of the U.S. Service Academies for the Class of 2018. Candidates for a Congressional nomination must be a resident of Missouri and a U.S. citizen; at least 17 years old and not past his or her 23rd birthday by July 1 of the year of admission; unmarried with no children or dependents; and able to meet high leadership, academic, physical and medical standards. 
 
 All interested applicants can apply on Claire’s website, HERE: http://www.mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=page&id=287
Claire's heard from many of you this week about political targeting by the IRS, and like you, she's outraged. She wanted to take a moment to respond to all of your comments.
Claire was honored to nominate Palmyra High School Senior Kevin Bross, who is headed to West Point in July. Please leave your congratulations and well wishes for Kevin in the comments section below. 
 
 Watch his story from WGEM News - The Tri-States' News Leader: http://www.wgem.com/story/22265509/2013/05/15/palmyra-high-school-senior-on-his-way-to-west-point
Be sure to read Claire and Senator Rob Portman's op-ed in today's Politico. They're leading a bipartisan effort to level the playing field for America's manufacturers.
Claire on tonight's new allegations (http://www.defense.gov/releases/release.aspx?releaseid=16005) of sexual violence in the military:  “If these allegations are proven, then now is the time for our military leaders to reevaluate who is being put into these positions. Are folks filling these jobs who aren’t succeeding elsewhere? Or are these jobs being given to our best leaders? These allegations only add to the mounting evidence of the need to change our military justice system to better hold perpetrators accountable and protect survivors of sexual assault.”
Claire joined Senator Dick Durbin (Ill.), and Congressman Bill Enyart in St. Louis at the Thomas F. Eagleton U.S. Courthouse to present local law enforcement officials with the Congressional Badge of Bravery, an award honoring exceptional acts of bravery in the line of duty by federal, state and local law enforcement officers.  On March 8, 2011, the award recipients demonstrated great courage during the apprehension of an armed fugitive in St. Louis, Missouri, which resulted in the death of a distinguished U.S. Marshal. Recipients of the award for exceptional acts of valor are Supervisory Deputy U.S. Marshal Patrick James, Deputy U.S. Marshals Theodore Abegg, Travis Franke, Nicholas Garrett, Jeremy Wyatt, and fallen Deputy U.S. Marshal John Perry.
One Springfield woman’s personal story is shedding light on the serious problem of sexual assault in the military. She spoke to KY3 about how lawmakers’ work, including Claire's, have encouraged her to tell her story and help other survivors of these violent crimes.
Happy Mother's Day to every wonderful, caring, hardworking mother. Enjoy your day!
Happy Birthday President Truman! Today we celebrate the birthday of one of our country’s finest presidents, and one of Missouri’s most cherished leaders.
Check out today’s St. Louis Post-Dispatch, which highlights Claire’s tough questioning yesterday of Air Force leaders about assaults in the military. The same day, a report from the Pentagon estimated 26,000 people in the military were sexually assaulted last year, an increase of 7,000 from 2011. That translates to more than 70 sexual assaults daily at U.S. military installations around the world.
 
 Read the full article: http://bit.ly/16hq8LE
 You can also watch highlights of her questioning here: http://bit.ly/ZHC3eB
Today, Claire will chair her first Consumer Protection Subcommittee hearing on the accuracy and errors in credit reports and what that means for consumers. Claire will highlight one Nixa women’s years-long ordeal to get errors on her credit report fixed. You can watch the hearing live starting at 2:30pm ET/1:30pm CT, here: http://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Home
Claire’s launching a new online tool where you can report a scam you’ve encountered in advertising and sales. Go to www.McCaskill.senate.gov to find the “Submit Your Scam” button on the homepage. This will allow you as a consumer to submit personal stories confidentially to help Claire-recently named Chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on Consumer Protection-to crack down on scams and protect consumers. 
 
 Claire was in Springfield yesterday to debut the new feature. Read more about it here: http://ksmu.org/article/mccaskill-launches-scam-reporting-tool-59331
The average wait time for veterans with a first time disability claim through the VA is between 316 and 327 days, which is why Claire is urging the President to address this backlog immediately. Claire: “Veterans returning home from war with serious physical and psychological injuries shouldn’t have to wait for a year for the benefits they’ve earned.”  More: http://stlouis.cbslocal.com/2013/04/29/backlog-for-veterans-claims-unacceptable-says-sen-mccaskill/
Catch Claire on CBS’ Face the Nation tomorrow at 10:30am ET with host Bob Schieffer. Times vary according to television markets, so be sure to check local listings for more information.
In Claire’s first Subcommittee on Financial & Contracting Oversight hearing , she referenced the more than 100 individual stories she received from all of you about your experiences dealing with the medical equipment device companies. She let the panel know about a doctor in Chesterfield who first tipped her off to these aggressive sales tactics, and a mother and daughter in southwest Missouri who wrote to her about the multiple calls they receive everyday trying to get them to buy products they don’t need. KMOV-TV spoke to the St. Louis area doctor who led Claire to begin her investigation and hearing into this issue.
April marks Sexual Assault Awareness month and this year, Claire took to PolicyMic to help spread the word about combating sexual assault. From her time as an assistant district attorney in Kansas City, to her more recent work on military sexual assault, Claire shared with others why it’s important we continue to protect survivors and hold perpetrators accountable. Take a moment to read and share her thoughts on this important topic.
With your help, this morning Claire will chair her first Financial and Contracting Oversight hearing at 10am ET/ 9am CT on marketing tactics of medical equipment companies and how taxpayer dollars can be saved from over payments. Watch the hearing LIVE using the link below.
NA
Don't forget, today's the last day to email Claire at whistleblowers@mccaskill.senate.gov with your story about aggressive sales tactics in the medical equipment industry. Check back next Wednesday for updates on Claire’s hearing on this issue. 
Yesterday, Claire had the honor of delivering the keynote address at the Service Women’s Action Network’s (SWAN) Summit on Military Sexual Assault. Claire touched on her experiences working as a young assistant district attorney in Kansas City and former Jackson County prosecutor in assisting sexual assault survivors. She vowed to continue her fight for justice for service women saying, “If you have an enemy you're dealing with on the outside, you should never have an enemy you're dealing with in your unit.” Read more about her speech here: http://bit.ly/13ooBTn
Another reminder from Claire that she’s looking for your help with her upcoming hearing. Submit stories about aggressive sales marketing tactics you’ve encountered in the medical equipment industry to whistleblowers@mccaskill.senate.gov by Friday, April 19. More info here: http://1.usa.gov/YvHCjR
And here is a link to my modern playlist. Hope you enjoy this one, too.
Hey all, Claire here. In Missouri, we love our country music. Here are two lists of some of my favorite country. One is classic, with the old standards of my childhood, including Missouri's own Porter Wagoner who gave Dolly Parton her start. And then some of today's stuff. From Tennessee Ernie Ford to Jason Aldean, "it's all good."  I've posted the Country Classics list below and I'll followup with a link to my Country Modern playlist. Let me know what you think.
Claire teamed up with web giant Google today to hold a small business workshop at the Third Degree Glass Factory in St. Louis focused on how to ensure Missouri’s businesses are maximizing their online opportunities. 
 
 Claire made remarks to kick off the event, which drew more than one hundred small businesses from the St. Louis region. Read more about the event here: http://bit.ly/12Vu5B5
Claire needs your help as she puts together a hearing in her Subcommittee on Financial & Contracting Oversight. She’s taking submissions until April 19. Make your voice heard. Read more about what you can do to help fight waste and abuse in Medicare: http://sgfnow.co/YqG9LT
“My thoughts and prayers are with the folks in Missouri whose lives were affected by severe storm yesterday evening. In the last several years Missouri has had more than its fair share of weather-related tragedy—and we’ve always come together in support of those in need in a way that made me proud to be a Missourian. I am sure that this time will be no different, and my staff and I are standing by to provide support to these communities in whatever way we can.” - Claire   If you or your family needs assistance contact Claire's St. Louis office at (314) 367-1364 or the Red Cross and United Way at:  Red Cross: 1-800-RED-CROSS (733-2767) www.redcross.org  United Way: 1-800-427-4626 http://www.211helps.org/
“This explanation crystallizes exactly why the convening authority should not have the unilateral ability to overturn a jury verdict—and why we need legislation that restricts their ability to do so. This letter is filled with selective reasoning and assumptions from someone with no legal training, and it’s appalling that the reasoning spelled out in the letter served as the basis to overturn a jury verdict in this case.” - Claire
On Equal Pay Day, women make up nearly half of Missouri's workforce, but earn only 74 cents for every dollar paid to men in the state. As Claire said today, “It’s bad for our workforce, bad for our economy, and bad for the hopes and dreams of mothers and daughters everywhere.”   Missouri is home to two of the country’s fifty largest metropolitan areas. Find out how the gender-based wage gap affects the Kansas City and St. Louis areas.
“This is a big win for survivors of sexual assault in the military, and for the causes of justice and accountability. A commander who has not listened to the testimony should not be able to unilaterally overturn a jury verdict or change an offender’s sentence without explanation—and it’s great news that Secretary Hagel agrees. I look forward to working with the Secretary and others to pass this crucial legislation that prevents this kind of abuse of authority.” - Claire
Claire was part of a panel before President Clinton and the Clinton Global Initiative University at Washington University on Saturday—she talked moderation in politics, and building alliances. Watch her discussion here (Claire starts speaking at 38 min):
Yesterday, Claire sat down with leaders of Missouri’s National Guard to continue her focus on combating sexual assault in the military. She wanted to hear from the people on the ground about “specific problems they’re facing and ways we need to do better.”   More on yesterday’s visit in Jefferson City via KRCG News.
"What is shaping up swiftly as another main pursuit for McCaskill is pressuring military brass to become more responsible and proactive when it comes to sexual predators in the service branches." - St. Louis Post-Dispatch
Claire announced yesterday that Joplin is set receive a $113 million in grant funding to aid in the ongoing recovery efforts from 2011’s devastating tornado.   “Days after the tornado struck, I saw the destruction and hurt of this community firsthand. But that’s not what amazed me the most — it was the strength and determination of everyone I met to rebuild and reclaim their community. These federal funds will only further the efforts to rebuild and recover.” – Claire
We do social media better than Senator Jon Tester's folks, right? Help Branson win the 2013 SoMe Tourism Symposium. Vote below.
Claire’s loyal to Mizzou when it comes to college sports, but she’s working statewide on improving college education. She sat down last week with Truman State University President Tony Paino to talk about how the university continues to be successful in attracting more students each year.
"Good people disagree with me. On the other hand, my children have a hard time understanding why this is even controversial. I think history will agree with my children." - Claire
As the Senate budget debate continues tonight, Claire’s also continuing her role as an earmark watchdog by offering an amendment that would simplify trade processes for America’s manufacturers, while guarding against the return of earmarks.
Claire today offered an amendment to the Senate Budget Resolution currently under consideration, aimed at boosting hiring for veterans through certification of job skills obtained while on active service.   As Claire said, "the aim here is to make sure the men and women who've fought for our freedoms have their high-level training and skills recognized in the civilian job market, and the states have a critical role to play,"
It’s almost that time again! Before March Madness kicks off Claire wanted to share her bracket with all of you. Who are you rooting for?
On National Agricultural Day, Claire’s recognizing Missouri’s vital agricultural industry for all they provide for our state and local economies. If you have time, remember to recognize those in your area who work to provide our communities with the safest food supply in the world.
ICYMI, A must read editorial in Friday’s Washington Missourian:   “Women have a place in our military. They need to be afforded protection from sexual assault. The Pentagon should review the actions by the Air Force general. If the authority provisions need to be changed, so be it. It is wrong for the military to shove this matter under the table by not doing anything.”  Editorial here: http://www.emissourian.com/opinion/editorials/article_5782b366-8da4-11e2-baa0-001a4bcf887a.html
“Rape is the crime of a coward. Rapists in the ranks are masquerading as real members of our military, because our military is not about cowards. Now our military does an amazing job of training. I am so proud of our military, but unfortunately I believe that this is not a crime that we’re going to train our way out of.” - Claire
Today, Claire took to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch opinion page and MSNBC’s Morning Joe to express her outrage and sense of urgency to do more to prevent military sexual assaults, and ensure victims are getting the justice they deserve.    Watch Claire on Morning Joe here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0zPfPrXmfI
Ok, I know this list is all over the place. The only thing that all of these songs have in common is that they all warm my mood, and make me smile. And at the end of the day, that's one of the things that make music an important part of my life. I have eclectic tastes in music. I strive to keep an open mind on all things in my life. My children have really helped with that. I've tried hard not to say "would you please turn that down!" too often. Hope you enjoy. -Claire
Hey guys, Claire here - sorry, I'm wrapping up some work for the week before I post something fun - check back around 6pm CT.   - Claire
Today Claire has something fun in store. Check back here right around 5pm ET, when Claire takes over the page for a bit.
Check out today’s St. Joseph News-Press for more on Claire and Senator Blunt’s work to get additional C-130 aircraft assigned to the Air National Guard Base in St. Joe.  
 
 “It would benefit America’s military readiness and the St. Joseph community to see these aircraft assigned to Rosecrans,” Claire wrote. Story here: http://www.newspressnow.com/news/local_news/article_f6beac8d-96cf-591b-8525-1c5b3f068dad.html
“McCaskill, a former Jackson County prosecutor with experience trying difficult sexual assault and rape cases, is making the nation pay attention to a military culture that still is failing women…This isn’t a women’s issue. It’s about justice, and about integrity in the military that represents the nation in war and peace.” - The Kansas City Star  Watch her call for answers at a Senate Armed Services hearing earlier this week: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQa0GZcmkvU&list=UUnarZ9jmNhI-eDcEPBwqMFw&index=1
Missed Claire’s tweet just now? Be sure to check out her questioning today about sexual assaults in the military, and charges dismissed against a convicted offender. She’s not giving up. Video Here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQa0GZcmkvU
"As a former prosecutor who's seen firsthand the effects of domestic violence, I can tell you that the Violence Against Women Act saves lives. For nearly a year I've heard from Missourians in big cities and small towns, all wondering how this landmark bill that had previously been so bipartisan, so noncontroversial, and had been proven so effective, could be mired in such partisan political gridlock. Today, Republicans in the U.S. House finally relented and let the Senate bill get a vote-and it passed with the bipartisan support we knew it would. I hope it demonstrates an increased ability by Congress to break partisan logjams and do the work we were sent here to do." - Claire
Claire and Senator Blunt brought federal agencies together yesterday to help resolve a decades-long dispute that’s been delaying a project critical to families and businesses in the Bootheel. The Senators pledged to continue working together to resolved outstanding issues and bring a conclusion to these delays. More on the meeting here: http://1.usa.gov/YZE9Xd
This morning, Claire met with two key veterans service organizations to thank them for their service and talk about the need to continue protecting Missouri’s veterans and their families. You can find pictures of her meetings with both Missouri members of Disabled American Veterans, and leaders from the American Legion on her Flickr page, at: http://bit.ly/13Rfw08 and http://bit.ly/ZGLPlG
Catch Claire on Fox News Sunday tomorrow morning. Check local listings for time and channel information.
Claire, a former Jackson County Prosecutor, traveled across the state to call on the U.S. House to end its nine-month delay and pass the critical legislation
Claire, a former Jackson County Prosecutor, traveled across the state to call on the U.S. House to end its nine-month delay and pass the critical legislation
Thoughts and prayers go out to all impacted by tonight's devastating fire in Kansas City.
"She brought a new standard for accountability to Washington, D.C., much like Harry Truman did when he was in the Senate during World War II. Let’s call it a Missouri brand of oversight. . .Sen. McCaskill’s new role should serve as a warning to government bureaucrats and those who do business with the federal government that accountability is coming. Call it the McCaskill Wave of Accountability."
"U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill, whose wartime contracting subcommittee is expanding its reach, is also adding a new assignment to her Senate portfolio as chair of a separate Senate panel that oversees consumer protection and product safety issues." That and more in the St. Louis Beacon on Claire's new leadership roles this Congress.
Today, Claire announced her new chairmanship over the Subcommittee on Financial & Contracting Oversight by putting federal agencies “on notice.” Through this new committee, Claire will use her experience as a former auditor and prosecutor to crack down on waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars.   Learn more about her new subcommittee, here: http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/political-fix/mccaskill-investigative-power-goes-government-wide-in-duties-shift/article_fa3c27a2-635f-5540-888b-bce684619996.html
"We already know the biggest challenges facing our country, but we also already know the obstacles. As the President pointed out, tackling the debt in a comprehensive, balanced way would unleash enough capital to boost jobs in every sector of the economy. Missouri needs those jobs, and our families and businesses need economic certainty. But we get nowhere without bipartisan compromise, and elected officials have got to give a little, so everyone can get a lot. That's why I'm personally committed to continuing my work with Republicans and Democrats to cut more spending, clean special goodies out of the tax code, and continue to boost job opportunities." - Claire on tonight's State of the Union
At tonight’s State of the Union, you’ll find Claire sitting next to the newly-elected Republican Senator from Nebraska Deb Fischer. Will you be watching the President’s address tonight?
Wishing Claire’s alma mater a very happy 174th birthday!
“Is there a way we can get back to the point Secretary Panetta where we’re not relying on a contract force to do what is inherently a government function. I mean it’s almost like I hit a brick wall every time I talk about this. Why is it that this has to be a contract function? Why can’t we use the best-trained military in the world to protect our most valued assets in our most dangerous places.”
“We won a hard-fought battle in the Senate last year with strongly bipartisan postal reform that would have put the Postal Service on the path to sound financial footing, protected rural post offices, and provided strict criteria for the Postal Service to meet before eliminating six-day delivery. Unfortunately, instead of passing the bill, the Republicans in the U.S. House abandoned rural America and allowed the legislation to die. And this is the result of their inaction—an unnecessary loss for business, rural families and the principle of compromise,” Claire said after the United States Postal Service announced today it would end Saturday mail delivery in August. 
 
 More here: http://1.usa.gov/XODvv5
Claire and Senator Blunt are demanding answers from the EPA, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ on failure to make progress on the St. Johns Bayou and New Madrid Floodway Project. The project would close what is currently a 1,500-foot gap in the Mississippi River, which would protect homes, infrastructure, and farmland from flooding.
The facts on domestic abuse against women are overwhelming and unacceptable. Renewing the Violence Against Women Act will help those who’ve been victims and better protect our families and communities.
 
 The Violence Against Women Act expired in 2011, and has been stalled in the U.S. House for months. In that time alone, 16 million women have reported incidents of domestic abuse. Join Claire in urging the House to follow the Senate’s lead this week, and pass #VAWA to ensure the protection of women, children and families across the country.
After a face-to-face meeting last week, Claire quizzed Defense Secretary Nominee Chuck Hagel on a variety of issues, including deterring Iran’s nuclear weapons program, and efforts to tamp down wasteful spending at the Pentagon.
“Now is the time, while we’re focused on cutting wasteful spending, to make our temporary ban on earmarks a permanent one.” – Claire in today’s Springfield News-Leader. Read her full op-ed on ending earmarks for good, here: http://sgfnow.co/XiSYDk
Claire’s again supporting legislation to renew the Violence Against Women Act, which has been stalled in the House of Representatives for nine months. "Nine minutes is too long to wait for these life-saving protections to get reauthorized-nine months is an embarrassment, when we've seen only bipartisan support for these protections over the past two decades,” said Claire, a former Jackson County Prosecutor.
“Where I hope to make the most noise is in the space of making government more accountable.” – Claire
A quick look at the Inauguration from Claire's view.
Today, Claire continued her fight to eliminate earmarks for good. In a bipartisan effort with Senator Pat Toomey, Claire said Congress needs to “transition into getting kudos because we’re saving money, not that we’re spending money.”
Today, Claire honored the late great Stan ‘the Man’ Musial and reflected on his life by saying, "What we really need to focus on as we mourn the loss of this living legend is his character. Because it was his character that brought universal love, respect and devotion to the man, our man, ‘Stan the Man.’”   Claire also honored his legacy by introducing legislation to name the new bridge over the Mississippi River the “Stan Musial Memorial Bridge." More here: http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/political-fix/mccaskill-durbin-to-lead-drive-to-attach-musial-name-to/article_6a9eeef5-8742-5027-938b-7572f3f9edbb.html
Since joining the Senate six years ago, Claire’s been fighting to crack down on waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars, by overhauling wartime contracting, and strengthening accountability. Working across the aisle and leading the Subcommittee on Contracting Oversight, she proposed the first major overhaul of wartime contracting since WWII. Take an in-depth look at her long fight and what’s still left to be done.
"Stan Musial was a national treasure that St Louis was happy to share. No one was more deserving of the love and respect that all of us had for the man, our man, Stan the man, Stan the gentleman. We all send our sympathy to the entire Musial family. There will never be another one like him. Heaven is now home to the perfect swing, the ready smile, and some darn fine harmonica tunes." - Claire
Congratulations to Joplin Superintendent of Schools C.J. Huff for being one of only four finalists for National Superintendent of the Year by the American Association of School Administrators. Claire met with Huff (second on the right) when he visited Washington last spring and has commented that “no one deserves this award and the recognition more than C.J.”
On newsstands this week, Claire and the other “Leading Ladies” of the Senate talked to People Magazine about the importance of bipartisanship and working together to help solve the country’s challenges.
“I pledge to use these next six years to keep fighting as hard as I know how for the state that I love. I plan to fight for new opportunities for my kids and grandkids, and for all young Missourians—to create more jobs, and continue my dogged effort to bring down the national debt. And any politician or contractor tempted to waste taxpayer dollars for their own benefit should be on notice—if I have it my way, these next six years will see a new level of accountability in government.” - Claire
TONIGHT on ABC, 6:30pm ET/5:30pm CT: The 113th Congress begins today with a record-breaking 20 women serving in the Senate. Catch this historic group’s interview with Diane Sawyer on ABC World News.
More good news for the Liberty Memorial in Kansas City! The bill to establish a World War I Centennial Commission at the Liberty Memorial is headed to the President for his signature, after Claire struck a deal in the Senate to save the bill.
 
 More: http://mccaskill.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1776
