Thanks to Obamacare, America’s uninsured rate is near a historic low! #ACAworks
After five long years, the release of Alan Gross is a joyous moment for his family, his friends and all Americans who have worked and prayed for this day.  Today opens a new chapter in U.S.-Cuba relations that rejects the failed policies of the past and embraces a new future that will better serve America’s interests and improve the lives of Cubans and their families.  As I learned during a trip I made to Cuba in 2002 with the agricultural community from California, we will have enormous economic opportunities because of this action. There will be many other benefits as well and that is why I fully support this breakthrough.
I am heartbroken by this brutal attack on innocent children while they were studying at school. My thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims of this attack and their families.  These heinous acts of terror have no place in the civilized world. I stand with Malala Yousafzai and all those fighting for the rights of children to get an education free from violence and fear.
Senators shouldn't scapegoat. Read and share my op-ed:
Thank you Astrid Silva, for speaking out in support of the President's #ImmigrationAction.
Congrats, Malala, on accepting the #NobelPrize. You continue to inspire millions of people around the world.
I applaud Senator Feinstein for releasing the results of the Intelligence Committee’s investigation so that the American people have a full accounting of the CIA’s tactics during the Bush Administration.  The greatness of our country is that we are transparent and willing to admit our mistakes so we can avoid making them again in the future.   Some have suggested releasing this report could heighten the threats against us. Let’s be clear: we have needed to be on alert 24/7 since 9/11. The truth is that the release of this report strengthens – not weakens – our nation.  Torture is wrong and violates our country’s most fundamental values, and this report also makes clear it doesn't work.
Today I wrote Attorney General Holder about the tragic deaths of #MichaelBrown and #EricGarner:
Protect your family and #GetCovered through Covered California! Visit CoveredCA.com by February 15 to enroll.
Proud to stand today with former Air Force Chief Prosecutor Colonel Don Christensen (Ret.), Senator Gillibrand and a bipartisan group of our colleagues to fight for an independent military justice system. #passMJIA
It is critical for the Justice Department to complete its civil rights review of Michael Brown’s tragic death and its investigation of the Ferguson Police Department. It is imperative that we find out if there is a pattern and practice of civil rights violations in #Ferguson.
I applaud President Obama for stepping up and taking bold and constitutional action to bring people out of the shadows, thereby strengthening our economy and keeping families from being torn apart. These steps will increase border security and hold people accountable by requiring them to undergo background checks and pay taxes.   The President has waited patiently for 17 months for House Republicans to act on a bipartisan immigration reform bill passed by two-thirds of the Senate. It is one thing if Republicans in Congress don’t want to do their job, but they can’t expect the President not to do his job.   This President is following in the footsteps of every president of the last 70 years – including every Republican President – by taking executive action on immigration.   If Republicans do not like the President’s actions, they shouldn’t be threatening to shut down the government or file wasteful lawsuits – they should just take up and pass the Senate’s bipartisan bill now.
I say to the President: If you act, you will have my strong support and you will have the support of so many people in my state and all across the country.  You will help keep families together, you will strengthen our economy and you will make our country stronger and more just. #immigration #CIR
I want to thank the 40 other Senators who stood up for what is right - protecting the health of families and the health of the planet. I know the fight is far from over, but I'm proud of my colleagues today. We will continue working for a safe, clean, job-producing energy future.
Watch the debate on #KeystoneXL happening LIVE on the Senate floor right now.  In my view, the XL stands for “X-tra Lethal” because the tar sands oil flowing through it would threaten public health and our environment. #NoKXL
I am horrified by the barbaric murder of innocents in a sacred house of worship. This heinous and brutal act of terror has no place in a civilized world and only sets back the cause of peace and humanity. All my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families and I am praying for the recovery of those injured.
Mr. President – I urge you to ignore the angry voices of the do-nothing crowd in Congress & act on #immigration.
A new CDC survey shows that teen e-cigarette use TRIPLED in 3 years. We must ban e-cig marketing to kids, and that’s why I am pushing legislation to do just that. Nicotine is dangerous, especially for our children.
My statement on the historic U.S.-China agreement to combat climate change  #ActOnClimate
Every Veterans Day, we come together across America to honor the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much for our country.  Throughout our nation's history, in war and in peace, our men and women in uniform have exemplified the values of duty, courage, and unwavering patriotism.  As a grateful nation, we celebrate their service and offer them our deepest thanks for ensuring America's safety and preserving the freedoms we hold dear.   As we observe Veterans Day, we must never forget that our nation's veterans deserve more than just our gratitude - they deserve our enduring support.  That is why I am working in the U.S. Senate to ensure that America's veterans and their families get the care, benefits, and support they have earned and deserve.   On Veterans Day and every day, I hope we take advantage of every opportunity to thank our service members, veterans, and their families for their extraordinary service and countless sacrifices.
I agree with President Obama. Millions of consumers and businesses rely on an open and free internet. The FCC must act to protect #NetNeutrality
My statement on last night’s election results:
I thank the Obama administration for determining that the people of Napa and Solano counties who were severely affected by the recent earthquake will be eligible for Individual Assistance grants and SBA loans. Residents suffering because of this devastating quake can now apply for grants of up to $32,400 to repair their homes, find temporary housing and cover expenses such as medical bills or moving costs. Business owners will be eligible for low-interest disaster loans of up to $2 million to repair and rebuild, homeowners can apply for loans of up to $200,000, and renters can qualify for loans of up to $40,000 to cover personal property losses.
Please read and share my Huffington Post Op-Ed: "Our Planet's Primal Scream -- Is Anyone Listening?"
Congratulations to both #NobelPeacePrize winners, Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi, who have fought courageously for the rights of children and young people to pursue their dreams free from fear and oppression. Malala has given a voice to the millions of young women and girls around the world who are still fighting for education & equal rights.  
The National Football League and Commissioner Roger Goodell just responded to my calls – along with other Senate women – for a real zero tolerance policy for domestic violence in the NFL. You can read the letters and my response below.
The San Gabriel Mountains are one of California's crown jewels and I applaud the President's plan to protect this spectacular area. The next step is to ensure this area has the resources it needs to provide a world-class experience for visitors.
Please read and share my Op-Ed in the Huffington Post about what is really on the ballot this November: 
I just joined Senator Dianne Feinstein in asking our California hospitals to make sure their staff are fully trained and prepared to screen, diagnose and treat any potential #Ebola  patients. 
Thank you Chancellor Dr. Brice W. Harris for urging all California community colleges to create on-campus sexual assault victim’s advocates.
I am grateful to the 130,000+ Californians from Everytown for Gun Safety who wrote me to say #NotOneMore senseless gun death. I am so proud Governor Brown signed California’s version of the “Pause for Safety Act” into law to help prevent dangerous people from getting their hands on a gun. Now it’s time for Congress to follow California’s lead.
So proud that Governor Brown signed California’s version of the “Pause for Safety Act” so there is a pause to ensure dangerous people cannot get guns.
Thank you to Mayor Techel, Congressman Thompson, and all the federal, state and local officials who joined us in Napa on Saturday for an important briefing on the ongoing earthquake recovery effort. We must do everything we can to help families and businesses get back on their feet.
Today I joined Andrea Mitchell to discuss U.S. strategy for defeating #ISIL: 
In the desert today with Secretary Sally Jewell to celebrate a broad coalition supporting responsible clean energy development #ActOnClimate
I support the President taking the fight to these terrorists with an unprecedented coalition of Arab partners, because we cannot stand idly by while barbaric groups threaten America and the entire world. #ISIL
Read my letter to new NFL Senior VP for Public Policy Cynthia Hogan on domestic violence: 
Today I joined other Senate women to tell Commissioner Goodell that it’s time for zero tolerance for domestic violence in the NFL.   If you violently assault a woman, you shouldn't get a second chance to play football in the NFL.
Last night, the President showed what a real leader is - a President who understands the threats we face and that America must not face those threats alone.  ISIS is a threat to the world and that is why I am so proud that President Obama has put together a broad-based coalition so that civilized nations can work together to degrade and defeat these terrorists.  President Obama recognizes that in order to do this, we must remember the tragic mistakes of the past and conduct this operation without American combat boots on the ground. Instead, we will rely on trained and vetted forces in the region that have the most at stake from the ISIS threat.  ISIS has already murdered two innocent Americans and has vowed that there will be more American bloodshed. These terrorists have threatened our embassies across the globe and said that "every American citizen is a legitimate target." They have also threatened our allies and all those who disagree with their demented ideology.  There is no way the international community can stand by in the face of the beheading, crucifixion, and stoning of innocent men, women, and children by a terrorist group that numbers in the tens of thousands and has the finances to continue their campaign of carnage until they are stopped.  Congress must stand behind the President in this effort by acting swiftly to provide funds so that the vetted Syrian rebels can take the fight to ISIS in Syria.
House Republicans & Speaker John Boehner could fix our broken immigration system in 2 hours. 
Fifty years ago today, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Wilderness Act and the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act into law.   Since then, Congress has protected more than 100 million acres of America’s wilderness, and I am proud to have authored legislation creating more than 1 million acres of protected wilderness in California. Our state’s natural treasures, like the Big Sur coast, must be preserved for current and future generations to enjoy.
Last month, Congresswoman Susan Davis and I introduced the Survivor Outreach and Support Campus Act (S.O.S. Campus Act), legislation that would require colleges and universities to establish an independent, on-campus advocate to support survivors of sexual assault.   Yesterday, I wrote to California’s public and private universities, asking them to voluntarily implement its provisions by creating an independent victim’s advocate on every California campus. To read my letters, please click here.   As our students return to campus, they are counting on their universities to not only educate them, but also to protect them.  At a time when one in five female students has been assaulted at college, survivors of sexual assault deserve an advocate who will fight for them every step of the way.   I am working hard to pass the S.O.S. Campus Act in Congress, but our students cannot afford to wait another minute for that happen.  
Here are some photos from my field staff on the ground in downtown Napa. I appreciated the briefing I got yesterday from Supervisor Luce  and I was pleased that my staff was able to meet with top officials in Napa, American Canyon and Vallejo.  It is clear that many buildings, both new and old, in Napa and surrounding areas suffered significant damage from the earthquake.  In Napa alone, 33 buildings have already been red-tagged. We are working together so that as soon as a disaster declaration is made by the President, we are ready to move swiftly to ensure that residents, businesses and communities are able to access federal programs that provide a lifeline after such emergencies.  I was heartened that the Department of Transportation released $2 million in emergency relief funds to help state and local officials begin making road and highway repairs in the Napa area. I thank President Obama and Secretary Foxx for that swift response.
My thoughts are with all those injured and displaced by the powerful earthquake that caused significant damage in Napa and other communities.  I am sending my field staff to Napa tomorrow and I will be talking to local officials about how we can help ensure that residents, businesses and communities have the resources they need to recover and rebuild.
Eliminating Syria’s declared chemical weapons stockpile without firing a shot is an enormous achievement that will help ensure that the Assad regime cannot use these horrific, outlawed weapons again.   This milestone wouldn't have been possible without the leadership of President Obama, the United States Senate, and our international partners, but our work is not done. We cannot rest until Syria fulfills its commitment to destroy the production facilities that could replenish these stockpiles.
I send the heartfelt condolences of my entire family to Robin Williams’ family as our entire country mourns the loss of this remarkable genius who made us smile, laugh uncontrollably or cry.   His ability to connect with everyone was a rare gift indeed. We will always remember Robin and we must also rededicate ourselves to helping each other through the dark times. 
"...while the House Republicans cheered for themselves on that fateful night, history will not look kindly on their ugly attacks on immigrant children."    Read my op-ed for the Huffington Post here: 
I joined Jose Diaz-Balart this morning to call on the House #GOP to have a heart in addressing the border crisis. 
I am so proud that President Obama signed my legislation today to designate the Distinguished Flying Cross Memorial at Riverside’s March Field Air Museum as a national memorial. This designation will give long-overdue recognition to the courageous military aviators in California and across America who have distinguished themselves by heroism in aerial flight.
My first Instagram photo – flashback to my House of Representatives freshman class of 1983! Follow me: http://instagram.com/senatorboxer
Today, women and their families watched Senate Republicans vote against them by giving corporate CEOs the power to deny coverage for birth control and other critical health care.   Senate Democrats will continue to stand up for a simple principle – that personal medical decisions should be made by women and their families, not by politicians, not by judges and not by their bosses. #NotMyBossBusiness
Just put the pieces together yourself. Congress must fix #HobbyLobby and make health care #NotMyBossBusiness
Today I joined twelve of my Senate colleagues in support of net neutrality: 
Share if you agree: Health care choices should be made by women and their families—not politicians, judges, or CEOs. #NotMyBossBusiness 
In the 21st century, we should not be arguing over access to birth control. #NotMyBossBusiness
I joined Rachel Maddow last night to discuss the #NotMyBossBusiness bill, legislation I introduced with Senators Patty Murray and Mark Udall this week to ensure that women and families – not their bosses – are able to make their own health care decisions. #HobbyLobby 
Five GOP-appointed men decided bosses can deny health care to their employees. Today we’re introducing a bill to fix this. #HobbyLobby
I spoke on the Senate floor last night about the looming shutdown in federal transportation funding and why every American should be outraged by the Supreme Court’s decision in the #HobbyLobby case.
I was proud to tour the new visitor center for Pinnacles National Park with Congressman Sam Farr, Soledad Mayor Fred Ledesma and Superintendent Karen Dorn on Saturday. This was my first visit since President Obama signed the legislation that Congressman Farr and I wrote designating Pinnacles as California's 9th National Park.
Good jobs report. Congress needs to keep it going by passing a transportation bill.
Today I visited UCSF Medical Center to see firsthand how they are preventing common medical errors to protect patients.
Is the Supreme Court’s majority living in the 19th century or the 21st century? While I am relieved that the Hobby Lobby ruling was narrow, I still cannot understand how the Court's majority could put the ideology of closely held corporations above the health and religious freedom of thousands and thousands of their female employees. We must act immediately to remedy this injustice, and my colleagues and I are already working to do just that.
It is distressing that the Supreme Court struck down an important Massachusetts law that protected women from violence and intimidation, but it is still a crime to harm, threaten or obstruct women as they enter clinics.  Because the Supreme Court makes clear that women entering clinics have a right to be protected, I will work to find every possible tool to do just that. 
It's been exactly one year since the Senate passed immigration reform. The #TimeIsNow for Speaker John Boehner to call a vote.
The Senate just passed my resolution with Senator Dianne Feinstein honoring the 150th anniversary of the Yosemite Grant Act. You can see why President Lincoln decided to protect the Yosemite Valley and Mariposa Grove for future generations to enjoy. #Yosemite150
Today, I chaired a hearing on combating violence and discrimination against women around the world. It was so powerful to hear testimony from seven of my female colleagues here in the United States Senate, Patty Murray, Debbie Stabenow, Amy Klobuchar, Tammy Baldwin, Mazie Hirono, Elizabeth Warren, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp. It’s time to pass #IVAWA and ratify CEDAW to help end #violenceagainstwomen and fight discrimination.
I joined Ed Schultz yesterday to discuss the situation in Iraq and why we should not listen to the same people who got us into this disastrous war in the first place.
The current crisis in Iraq has its roots in an ill-conceived war that helped to fuel sectarian violence and an Iraqi government that has excluded minority populations from governing.    Much American blood was spilled during the Iraq War and while I believe we should go after ISIS—which poses a threat to the entire world—any U.S. action must be well-considered and well-executed in coordination with our allies and the Iraqi government and military, which we helped train and arm. Iraq should know that it needs a unity government now or its future will be bleak.   Some of the biggest GOP cheerleaders for the disastrous war in Iraq are now joining the blame-America-first crowd rather than working with our Commander-in-Chief to confront this crisis.
A new low: George Will using his coveted status to proclaim that rape victims have a "coveted status." 
I wrote to the President today urging him to ensure humane conditions at all our border detention facilities.
In 2012, there were 6.8 million Americans over age 50 – including 641,000 Californians – still paying back student loans. College should be a path to opportunity, not a life sentence of debt. It’s time to give a #fairshot to the 2.3 million Californians who have student loans.
LA Times: Passing the International Violence Against Women Act “should not be controversial” 
Today Sen. Feinstein, Rep. Lois Capps and I introduced the Pause for Safety Act to help families stop gun violence. We owe it to the victims of gun violence in Isla Vista and elsewhere to take action to prevent more tragedies. 
Student loan debt in the U.S. exceeds credit card debt at almost $1.2 trillion. This debt keeps young Americans from buying a home, saving for retirement or even starting a family – hurting our entire economy in the process. If you are a student struggling with your student loan payments and would benefit from the ability to refinance your loans at the current lower market rate, I would appreciate hearing from you about how a #fairshot would affect you personally. 
The President's proposal is a win-win-win for the American people, as it will protect our health, saving thousands of lives, create thousands of jobs, and America will finally lead on a path to averting the most calamitous impacts of climate change - such as sea level rise, dangerous heat waves, and economic disruption. Thank goodness the President refuses to be bullied by those who have their heads in the sand, and whose obstruction is leading us off the climate change cliff. The President's proposal is respectful of the states' roles and allows major flexibility, while ensuring that big polluters reduce their dangerous contributions to climate change. The people of California and the people of America deserve to be protected and the President should be lauded for moving forward.
I cannot find words to express my sadness, anger and determination to stop this madness. For now, I send my deepest condolences to the families touched by this brutal tragedy in Santa Barbara.  
Voting against the resolution authorizing the use of military force in Iraq was one of my proudest moments as a Senator. It is long past time to close this tragic chapter in American history. 
Watch LIVE: The Wake Up Congress for Climate Action Rally is happening now - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_ARwxRatck #SoundtheAlarm4Climate #ActOnClimate
My alarm is set! Help us #SoundtheAlarm4Climate – set your phone to ring at 5 p.m. ET today #ActOnClimate
Help us #SoundtheAlarm4Climate – set your phone to ring at 5 p.m. ET today #ActOnClimate
Republicans’ latest Kangaroo court on Benghazi isn’t about conducting a fair review of the facts. It’s a political witch hunt.
Yesterday I spoke out against the latest Republican attempt to severely restrict women’s access to health care. 
It’s been 321 days since the Senate passed bipartisan Immigration reform. The time is now for the House GOP to act.
The GOP’s #Benghazi Witch Hunt – read my Huffington Post op-ed: http://huff.to/1lhBJgr 
The women of the Senate joined together to say: #BringBackOurGirls
Despite 13 hearings, 50 briefings, 25,000 documents and millions of taxpayer dollars spent, House Republicans voted to continue their political witch hunt on #Benghazi. 
The horrific kidnapping of Nigeria’s school girls underscores the need for Congress to pass the International Violence Against Women Act (IVAWA) I introduced today with a bipartisan group of colleagues #BringBackOurGirls
It's been one month since the Senate passed legislation to renew unemployment insurance. 514,000 Californians are waiting for Speaker John Boehner and House Republicans to #RenewUI.
NA
Yesterday I joined Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and Senate colleagues to introduce the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, which would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to refinance at the lower interest rates currently offered to new borrowers.  It is outrageous that students can’t refinance at these historically low interest rates.  This legislation gives students the same fair shot that other borrowers have to refinance and save money when interest rates decline.  
Special thanks to Chaplain Barry Black for leading a moment of silence for Nigeria’s missing girls #BringBackOurGirls
Today the Senate unanimously passed the resolution Senator Landrieu and I introduced condemning the abduction of more than 200 Nigerian school girls by the terrorist group Boko Haram and urging the U.S. to assist in the rescue efforts.   Kidnapping has no place in any village, in any region, in any country. We cannot stay silent in the face of these unspeakable crimes. As a mother and a grandmother, my heart is with all of the mothers and fathers in Nigeria who want their daughters to come home safely.
Today all 20 Senate women wrote to President Obama condemning outrageous abduction of more than 200 Nigerian school girls:
The new National Climate Assessment report confirms with the greatest level of detail yet that climate change in the United States is all around us and we are already feeling the impacts.   We must act in a comprehensive way to reduce carbon pollution for the sake of public health, our nation's economy, and the well-being of future generations. 
Benghazi has been scrutinized more closely than a chest X-ray. I guess the GOP needs a new obsession now that Obamacare is 8 million strong and growing.   Benghazi is a tragedy, not a scandal. The Republicans’ hearings are about politics – not the truth.
Attacking and abducting young women simply for going to school is despicable and must never be tolerated.   The international community must make clear that all children deserve the chance to pursue an education without fear and that those responsible for these heinous crimes will be held accountable.
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10/hour would mean lifting the wages of 15 million women and their families.
The American people know $7.25 an hour is not enough. All we need is a handful of Republicans to join us in voting to raise the minimum wage. Watch my floor speech:
Today I toured Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where I released a new report detailing the most common and harmful errors at our nation's hospitals and what facilities like UCLA Medical Center are doing to prevent them.  Every year, between 210,000 and 440,000 Americans die as a result of preventable errors in hospitals, such as hospital-acquired infections, adverse drug reactions, patient falls and bedsores - numbers equivalent to a jumbo jet crashing every day with no survivors. Research has also found that the direct costs of medical errors total $19.5 billion annually and that the economic costs of medical errors, including lost productivity, could be as much as $1 trillion a year.   Read the report: http://www.boxer.senate.gov/en/press/releases/042514.cfm  
Stopping the sales of these products to minors is a critical step that will help protect our children from a lifetime of nicotine addiction.   The FDA was also right to propose barring e-cigarette companies from making unproven health claims and requiring them to disclose the harmful ingredients in their products.  Now it is time for the Administration to take the next important step by banning the outrageous marketing of e-cigarettes to our kids, including the use of candy flavors and cartoon advertisements that are shamelessly designed to lure and addict them. 
Given the unprecedented number of comments from the public on the Keystone XL pipeline proposal, and the legal uncertainties due to lawsuits in Nebraska, the State Department was entirely correct to delay a decision on the pipeline.    I was pleased to learn today that Secretary Kerry has agreed to take into account the public health impacts of the tar sands oil when he considers whether the pipeline is in the national interest.  But I still do not have a clear cut answer on whether there will be a separate health impacts study, which is clearly in the public interest.   I reminded the State Department today that joining the call for an independent health impacts study are National Nurses United, the American Public Health Association, and the National Association of County and City Health Officials.
Secretary Kerry's statement reflects my disgust, dismay, and disbelief that in this century we would see such an attack on the Jewish people. The fact that no group or individual is taking responsibility tells me that it could well be part of a sick strategy to foment even more unrest in Ukraine. 
Just saw the latest Obamacare numbers for California--nothing less than fantastic! 
As a mother and a grandmother, this disaster strikes my heart. Words cannot express the sadness I feel for the families who have lost children in this tragic crash, and I am praying for a speedy recovery for all those who were injured.  My office has been in contact with the National Transportation Safety Board, which has sent a team to the scene to investigate the crash, and we will be briefed later today. 
Once again, Senate Republicans blocked legislation to help ensure that women receive equal pay for equal work. We owe it to women and their families to end pay discrimination, and Senate Democrats won’t stop fighting until the women of this country get equal pay and a fair shot at the American dream.
Women on average earn just 77 cents for every dollar made by a man. It’s long past time for us to stop shortchanging half the country and their families. That’s why we called on Republicans today to join us to help pass the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
I’m proud to join Barbara Mikulski and other colleagues on the Senate floor now to call for equal pay for equal work.
Since Republicans first began blocking relief for America’s long-term unemployed in December, more than half a million Californians have lost critical benefits that help families put food on the table, gas in their cars and clothes on their children’s backs. I am pleased that the Senate took action today, and now it is up to House Republicans to extend this lifeline for 2.8 million unemployed Americans while they look for work.
Thanked Peter Lee and Covered California staff today for their hard work signing up over 1.2 million people for healthcare coverage.
Republicans have been predicting the failure of the Affordable Care Act – and today they have been proven wrong. 
LA Times: Obamacare “has spurred the largest expansion in health coverage in America in half a century.”   TODAY is the deadline for open enrollment. Tell your friends, neighbors, co-workers and family members to get covered now: www.CoveredCA.com 
The latest report by the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change adds a tremendous sense of urgency for Congress to wake up and do everything in its power to reduce dangerous carbon pollution. In California, we can just look out the window to see climate change's impacts - from the driest year on record in 2013 to the increased frequency and intensity of wildfires. This new IPCC report identifies the serious threats to human health, vital infrastructure, and the world's economy that will multiply as temperatures warm. It confirms that we must cut carbon pollution now to avoid lasting changes to our planet.
6 million strong and counting! Get covered now: https://www.coveredca.com/
Before the GOP votes for the 55th time to tear down Obamacare,  they should talk to the millions of Americans who are benefiting from the Affordable Care Act. When it comes to healthcare, all people want is a fair shot at affordable insurance.
SHARE if you agree that our kids deserve high-quality afterschool care from 3 to 6 PM. Let’s pass S. 326, the Afterschool for America’s Children Act!
This is America. This is the 21st century. Women should be able to access affordable birth control. 
Read my op-ed with Senator Murray on how the Affordable Care Act is improving the health and well-being of millions of women and families: 
I wrote an op-ed on the lessons of our climate change all-nighter in the Senate:
I am so pleased that President Obama signed an executive order today protecting this majestic piece of California's coast for future generations to enjoy.
Tonight, I will be joining more than two dozen of my colleagues at an “all-nighter” on the Senate floor to urge action on climate change. So many Senators coming together for an all-night session shows our commitment to wake up Congress to the dangers of climate change.  You can join us tonight on social media using the hashtag #Up4Climate, or watch us live from approximately 7PM ET/4PM PT to 9AM ET/6AM PT Tuesday morning on C-SPAN 2 or at http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
I was so proud to stand with Senator Gillibrand, so many of our colleagues and all the survivors of military sexual assault who fought to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act. We will not stop fighting. 
After twenty years of broken promises, enough is enough. Don't filibuster justice.
Would you want the CEO of your company acting as judge and jury in sexual assault cases involving employees? Only by removing sexual assault cases from military chain of command will victims get a fair shot at justice. Don't filibuster justice.
How much longer must the survivors of military sexual assault wait  to get the justice they deserve? They deserve an up-or-down vote. Don't filibuster justice.
I was proud to join Sister Simone, Senator Hirono & women and faith leaders today in a call to raise the minimum wage.
We cannot risk undoing decades of progress in reducing youth smoking by allowing e-cigarette makers to target our kids. This bill will help protect our children from an industry that profits from addiction. 
I want to thank the President for coming to California during this difficult drought and for moving quickly to provide relief.
So happy to see more than 700,000 have new affordable health care in California. Nationwide more than 3 million. This means so much to our families.
Surely we can do better than hurt our most vulnerable children as we aim to restore benefits to our veterans.
Today Senate Republicans turned their backs on 1.7 million Americans, including 276,000 Californians who are struggling to make ends meet while they look for work. We will continue to fight to renew unemployment insurance. 
We need to listen to the voices of Californian Stacey Thompson & all the courageous survivors of military sexual assault and pass the Military Justice Improvement Act.
Yesterday, the Democratic women of the Senate stood together at an amazing event to say that no woman in America should work full time and still have to raise her children in poverty.  Two-thirds of minimum wage workers are women. Two-thirds of tipped minimum wage workers are women. And in two-thirds of American families, women are the breadwinners or co-breadwinners. But right now, a mom who is working full time in a minimum wage job to support her kids earns just $15,000 per year — below the poverty line for a single mom.  The good news is that when we raise the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, it will lift up our economy. It will lift up our workers. And it will lift up millions of women and children all across this country.
With all of the incredible challenges facing our nation -- the need to rebuild our infrastructure, create jobs, improve education and address the threat of climate change -- one would expect that these pressing issues would be at the top of your agenda.  But last week I watched in disbelief as Republicans instead chose to ratchet up the War on Women.  First, there was Republican Congressman Steve Pearce's memoir that argued that wives should "voluntarily submit" to their husbands. Then, former GOP Presidential candidate Mike Huckabee joined in, suggesting that American women could "control their libido" rather than receive contraceptive coverage under the Affordable Care Act.  And now one of your very first votes of the year in the House is a disingenuous and dangerous attack on women's health.  My question to you is this: What century are you living in?
We’re still recovering from the greatest recession since the Great Depression. We must #RenewUI.
Another day, another GOP attack that ignores the 9 million Americans who have new coverage since Obamacare was enacted.
More than 220,000 Californians are counting on Congress to do the right thing and #RenewUI
Janet Yellen has the right experience, right perspective & right judgment to lead the Fed. I was proud to support her from the start.
The Senate has a chance to show compassion & stimulate the economy by extending Unemployment Insurance for the long-term unemployed.
Now’s no time for new Iran sanctions - read my op-ed w/ Senator Carl Levin: http://politi.co/18TQqAY
To those who have been on hunger strike to fight for immigration reform, I say thank you. The fight goes on.
Read my op-ed on the Dean of the Senate women, my friend Senator Barbara Mikulski
Solid jobs report. Now let’s raise the minimum wage and make sure our workers don’t live in poverty.
The world has lost a true hero for freedom and we should all carry out his vision of equality in our daily lives. #Mandela
I want to thank Kate Weber, an Army veteran and mother of four from San Francisco, for her courage in speaking out about the horrific abuse she suffered at the hands of her fellow soldiers. We owe it to Kate and all the other survivors of military sexual assault to end the decades of empty promises and fix our broken military justice system.
Thank you Miles the BatKid for being so courageous!  http://bit.ly/1bApUQV
My thoughts are with all the victims of Typhoon Haiyan and the hundreds of thousands of survivors in the Philippines who are struggling to access clean drinking water, food and medical care in the aftermath of this terrible tragedy.  Californians know all too well what it means to be struck by a natural disaster. Now, in the wake of this devastating typhoon, many are asking what they can do to help with the rescue and recovery efforts  in the Philippines. I encourage anyone who wants to help the millions of people affected by the typhoon to visit whitehouse.gov/typhoon for information on how you can provide assistance to disaster relief organizations.
Today, I spoke out against the Republicans’ relentless attacks on the Affordable Care Act. Watch my floor speech:
Read my op-ed on why we must stay on the path to clean air:
Read my op-ed in the Huffington Post on how we can make sure that Congress pays its bills and avoids another self-inflicted wound to our economy:
Every day across the nation we see the harmful impacts of climate change, and we must reduce carbon pollution to protect public health and safeguard future generations.  EPA’s proposed standard for new power plants is a critical and appropriate step forward in addressing the biggest source of carbon pollution. http://1.usa.gov/16e02uF
I am so pleased to announce that the William J. Clinton Presidential Center and the George W. Bush Presidential Center will receive the first Climate Hero Award.  Both of these libraries have demonstrated outstanding leadership and innovation by incorporating energy efficiency, renewable energy technologies, and sustainable design. http://1.usa.gov/1eVfZt0
This week, I spoke out on the Senate floor against an amendment supporting the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline as part of an energy bill now being considered by the Senate. To watch my speech, please click below.  I have consistently fought against efforts to hasten the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline permit because it would significantly increase dangerous carbon pollution and the impacts of climate change.
Russia must respect human rights and repeal anti-LGBT laws.
My open letter to San Diego Mayor Bob Filner: http://1.usa.gov/16A8Lme
Yesterday I visited La Clinica De La Raza in Oakland to discuss how the Affordable Care Act is already helping people across California and how Californians can continue to benefit from these reforms.
For the last two decades, every Secretary of Defense has promised a zero tolerance policy for sexual assault. We need to reform our military justice system so that survivors of sexual assault will finally feel confident reporting these heinous crimes knowing that justice will be served.
Today I joined Senators Gillibrand, Paul, Cruz, Grassley, Blumenthal and Hirono in support of legislation to help end the epidemic of military sexual assault by taking decisions about prosecuting these crimes out of the chain of command.
Today I joined several Senate colleagues, advocates, and doctors to make clear that the extreme and dangerous 20-week abortion ban passed by the House Republicans isn’t going anywhere in the Senate.
Make your voices heard in the student loan debate: Tell me your story on why affordable student loans are so important HERE: http://www.boxer.senate.gov/dontdoublemyrate/ #dontdoublemyrate
Today I am urging Californians to speak out to restore the lower student loan interest rate.
It’s unacceptable that more than half a million California students—the most of any state in the nation—who are struggling to put themselves through college are getting hit with a massive rate increase.    Share your student loan story HERE:  http://1.usa.gov/165EkT8  #DontDoubleMyRate
Today I am urging Californians to speak out against the massive hike on student loan interest rates, which doubled from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent on July 1. More than 550,000 students in California are affected by this increase—the most of any state in the nation.   Share your story HERE:  http://1.usa.gov/165EkT8  #DontDoubleMyRate
Republicans want to make a profit from students – their plan would more than double the interest rates.  Students may not have expensive lobbyists, but that doesn’t make it right to try to balance our budget on their backs. #dontdoublemyrate
As the daughter and grand-daughter of immigrants, I am so pleased that the Senate today passed comprehensive immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship. To read my full statement, click here: http://1.usa.gov/14d1xV7.
Today my spirits are soaring because the Supreme Court reaffirmed the promise of America. Read my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/15FKV6n and please share your thoughts on this historic day.
Today I met with University of California, Los Angeles Chancellor Gene Block to discuss the harmful effects of sequestration on education and research.
Yesterday I joined Representative McDermott to introduce new legislation that would prevent Members of Congress from being paid should we fail to raise the country’s debt ceiling and the government defaults on its bills.
Last Friday I was joined in Los Angeles by Stacey Thompson of San Clemente, a Marine Corps veteran and sexual assault survivor who shared her story for the first time in order to draw attention to the epidemic of sexual assault in the military. I have introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) and Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) to address military sexual assault by ensuring that decisions to prosecute these heinous crimes are made by trained military prosecutors, not senior commanders.
Yesterday I joined Senators Gillibrand, Collins and other colleagues in announcing bipartisan, bicameral legislation to help ensure justice for military sexual assault survivors.
Today I met with Kathy Kneer, President and CEO of Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California, and leaders from Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California to discuss women’s health care issues.
Today I spoke to Californians about the urgent need for comprehensive immigration reform.
I held a discussion earlier this week with advocates for immigration reform, including leaders from the labor, business and faith communities, about efforts to fix our country’s broken immigration system.
It’s time for marriage equality for all our families.
I was so proud to speak to all the mothers today at Moms Demand Action. Now is the time!
Today America saw the devastating face of sexual assault in the military. We need action now. http://cbsn.ws/YaGcqj
Read my op-ed - "From Rosa Parks to the Voting Rights Act: Making equal rights a reality for all" - at @theGrio. http://t.co/lszBqiCNbY
Today I wrote an open letter to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor asking him to back up his words with action on the sequester. Read it here: http://huff.to/VGSDt5
I wrote a piece for CNN.com on how we can avoid this self-inflicted wound to our economy: http://www.cnn.com/2013/02/06/opinion/boxer-avert-sequester/index.html
I was proud to speak on the Senate floor today on the Paycheck Fairness Act. Women deserve equal pay for equal work. http://1.usa.gov/WQvy8e
Over the next couple months, members of Congress will have the responsibility of raising the debt ceiling, setting a budget for the coming year and deciding whether to allow $1.2 trillion in spending cuts to take effect.  This is not a fiscal cliff. This is our job.
