As a Baltimore native and the daughter of small business owners, I know the importance of small businesses in helping to weave the social fabric of their communities. Morstein’s and Tarlow’s have been Baltimore mainstays for decades.   Through the Great Depression and the riots of 1968, these businesses survived and thrived, always putting customer service first and giving back to the communities that supported them.   My most sincere thanks to the Morstein family for over a century of making Baltimore sparkle. And a special thanks to the Tarlows for two generations of excellence.   http://www.mikulski.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/mikulski-visits-morsteins-jewelers-and-tarlow-furs-ltd-to-thank-small-business-owners-for-years-of-service-to-greater-baltimore-community
Women’s history is American history. Women have been trailblazers throughout our history, using grit, passion, and determination to seize the day and to make a difference. We must not only honor the past – we must learn from it. After a sixteen year effort, I'm pleased Congress has taken an important step towards establishing a National Women’s History Museum, which would serve as a fitting tribute to recognize the lasting legacy of trailblazing American women while inspiring future generations.
Today we have forged a new way forward for veterans that changes the lawbooks to provide certainty in the federal checkbooks for the benefits veterans have earned and deserve. This means that beginning next year, veterans will receive their benefits regardless of shutdowns, slamdowns and gridlock in Congress. Veterans and their families should not have to question whether they will get their benefits if the government cannot work together to get the job done. This change in law will better ensure that promises made to veterans are promises kept.
I was so pleased to be at Andrews AFB to welcome Alan Gross as he touched ground back in the United States of America on Wednesday.  I am so honored to be part of his first day back home in five years. This is a new day and a monumental breakthrough.    Late Tuesday night I got the call from Vice President Biden that Alan Gross will be coming home after so many years of imprisonment by the Cuban government, and I was overwhelmed with emotion. I am so honored and want to thank all those who helped make this happen.  During his long imprisonment, Alan’s health deteriorated. He suffered tremendously. His wife Judy and two daughters fought every single day for his release. Today Alan is free!    I applaud his release and hope that he can finally get the care and assistance he so desperately needs.
I'm calling on the Senate to act to confirm Carolyn Colvin to serve as Commissioner of the Social Security Administration. For the people who need Social Security, and for those who want to make sure the benefits are administered competently, we need a permanent Commissioner. Last year, over 40 million people came to a Social Security field office and 47 million people called its 1-800 number. We need a Social Security Commissioner and we need a competent, qualified person to lead it. And that person is Carolyn Colvin.
I'm so pleased Congress has taken a hard-fought bipartisan action to establish a Harriet Tubman National Historical Park on Maryland's Eastern Shore is a fitting tribute to honor her lasting legacy in Maryland and to our nation that will inspire future generations of women and girls. Harriet Tubman was a courageous fighter and abolitionist who delivered scores of slaves to freedom on the Underground Railroad. She was tireless in her commitment to fight for those who could not fight for themselves. I look forward to this legislation being signed into law by President Obama.
Today we have forged a new way forward for veterans that changes the lawbooks to provide certainty in the federal checkbooks for the benefits veterans have earned and deserve.   This means that beginning next year, veterans will receive their benefits regardless of shutdowns, slamdowns and gridlock in Congress. Veterans and their families should not have to question whether they will get their benefits if the government cannot work together to get the job done. This change in law will better ensure that promises made to veterans are promises kept.
My thoughts and prayers are with those who lost loved ones in this week's plane crash in Gaithersburg, especially to the Gemmell Family. My deepest gratitude goes to the first responders who rushed to the scene and the community rallying to help their neighbors. Although there is an investigation underway by the National Transportation Safety Board, many facts have yet to be confirmed. As we search for answers, I join Montgomery County, the entire State of Maryland and the nation in mourning those who lost their lives in this tragic accident.
I'm honored to be recognized by the Girl Scouts as a leader in Congress fighting on behalf of women & girls. As a Girl Scout, I know firsthand the important role they play in teaching leadership & community service to generations of girls. I enjoyed speaking with Marylander and Girl Scout Likhitha about the lessons I’ve learned from being part of the Girl Scouts.
We are one step closer to returning humans beyond low Earth orbit with today’s successful test flight of NASA’s Orion spacecraft.  Our nation is in an amazing race – the race for discovery and new knowledge, the race to remain competitive. Taking the next step in human space exploration aboard an American spacecraft will keep our country at the forefront of science, research and discovery, supporting jobs today and jobs tomorrow. And it means the dream of space will continue to inspire schoolchildren to study science, technology, engineering and mathematics, preparing them to be future scientists and innovators.  Congratulations to the talented men and women at NASA, Lockheed Martin and the United Launch Alliance on a successful launch and test flight of Orion, paving the way for the future of America’s space exploration.
This week the Senate acted to pass my bipartisan resolution with Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) to honor Polish hero and holocaust survivor Jan Karski. Throughout his life, he remained committed to providing global awareness of atrocities committed during the Holocaust. It’s a fitting tribute that we recognize the 100th anniversary of Jan Karski’s birth and his courageous life and lasting legacy.
I'm so pleased the House of Representatives has acted today to pass legislation I helped introduce with Senator Cardin to establish a Harriet Tubman National Park on Maryland’s Eastern Shore.  Harriet Tubman was a courageous fighter who delivered scores of slaves to freedom in the Underground Railroad. A Harriet Tubman National Park is a fitting tribute to honor her lasting legacy in Maryland and across the nation while inspiring future generations of women and girls.   I look forward to swift passage in the Senate so that President Obama can sign it into law.
Way to go Buck! B’More’s got your back! As Manager of the Year, Buck brings to the field #OrioleMagic. He may not crack a smile, but he teaches his players to crack a bat! His attention to big picture & the smallest detail is the way our team functions. Our Orioles terrific season brought all of Baltimore together. Three cheers for Buck and our O’s!
On 5th anniversary of Marylander Alan Gross' imprisonment in Cuba, I have a message for Mr. Castro. Let Alan Gross go! Let him go today, let him go now. For five years, he and his family have suffered. The Cuban government has ignored basic human rights and has shown they are not serious about building a relationship with the United States. Every day I think of and pray for the Gross family. I pray that they are reunited soon. If Cuba wants to improve relations with the United States, they need to release Mr. Gross now.
Today begins a new day in Frederick County with Jan Gardner as the county’s first County Executive. Jan brings to the job time-tested executive ability with proven results serving the people of Frederick County.  As the Dean of the Maryland Congressional Delegation, I’m ready to get down to work with County Executive Gardner as we continue our fight to make sure Frederick County families and businesses get a fair shot and their fair share. That means supporting jobs today in Frederick’s traditional industries like agriculture, preparing Frederick for the jobs of tomorrow in biotech, investing in Frederick’s educational institutions, supporting the great work of our federal labs and Ft. Detrick, and investing in our transportation infrastructure to keep Frederick moving.   Together with Team Maryland, Jan and I will continue to fight for jobs and opportunity in Frederick County and remain committed to the day-to-day needs of Maryland families.
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Michael Brown, the community of Ferguson and the entire nation during this difficult time.   I join the Brown family and President Obama in calling for nonviolence. I absolutely support people in their desire and right to gather peacefully. Peaceful protests have been pivotal in expanding civil rights and equal protection under the law in our nation.   It’s my hope that this national tragedy will inspire communities and law enforcement to end racial profiling and protect all citizens. It’s also an opportunity for Congress to set aside its party differences and put the people first by passing the End Racial Profiling Act. I also support the Justice Department’s civil rights investigation of the Ferguson Police Department and other Departments around the nation, including Baltimore’s.
I'm so proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with Sparrows Point steelworkers to honor the lasting legacy of Bethlehem Steel. For 100 years, the men and women of Sparrows Point produced the steel that built America. From forging the groundwork for America’s infrastructure in our roads, rail and bridges, to building the ships that took America to war, no mill has played a larger role in the history of our state and our nation.   As we honor the legacy of Bethlehem Steel, we look ahead to a new day for this community. With a Sparrows Point that is re-forged and renewed, we will support new jobs and new opportunities as an economic engine for Baltimore and for Maryland. I will never stop fighting for the men, women and families who through hard work and steadfast perseverance, helped build and protect America.
Today with Senator Debbie Stabenow, I led a bipartisan coalition of Senate women urging federal health leaders to make combating heart disease a leading priority.   Fighting for women’s health has been one of my life-long priorities. For far too long, women did not believe heart disease was their disease. When I first came to the Senate, women’s health wasn’t a national priority. We’ve changed that paradigm but we’re not done yet.   I continue to fight for women to get the preventive care and treatment they need to live healthy lives. We must raise awareness, raise consciousness, and raise hell so that women are not left behind when it comes to their health.
Despite improvements in women's health, heart disease is still the number one killer for women in America. We must stand committed to #FighttheLadykiller!
Today the Senate took bipartisan action to refresh and reform the vitally important Child Care and Development Block Grant, a bill I introduced to support critical child care for working families. This is good news that will bring peace of mind to the thousands of Maryland families who rely upon it for child care.   I introduced this legislation together with Senator Burr to ensure that child care across America is available, affordable, reliable, safe and exceptional. This bill reforms and refreshes important child care legislation, so moms and dads of modest means can afford child care while they go to work or school.   Child care is something all families worry about, regardless of income or zip code. I look forward to this bill being signed into law so we can help ensure all children get the care they need and deserve so they and their families can have a better, brighter future.
I'm so pleased to be recognized by the National Association of Gifted Children for my fight to invest in gifted & talented education. We must support gifted students as the next generation of pioneers, inventing new products and businesses, finding cures and saving lives. Kids with great potential need great opportunities, and I will keep working to ensure we meet the needs of kids with special talent.
Every working parent with children no matter their income level worries about child care. What’s affordable? What’s accessible? Will my child be safe? Where can I get the very best care for my kid? It is not enough to simply ensure that kids have someplace to go. We must also ensure that they go someplace that is safe, that nurtures their development, that challenges their mind, and that prepares them for school.  That's why I'm standing shoulder to shoulder with my colleague Senator Richard Burr, a Republican from North Carolina, as senior members of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee calling on the Senate to pass our legislation to refresh and reform the vitally important Child Care Development Block Grant and support working families across Maryland and the nation.
Before I was the Senator for Maryland, I was a social worker for Baltimore families and worked with children and the elderly. Today, I’m a social worker in Congress, working to build opportunities for families throughout America. Every family deserves child care that is affordable, accessible and exceptional.   I'm fighting to pass my legislation reauthorizing the Child Care Development Block Grant so moms and dads of modest means can afford child care while they go to work or school. Child care is something all families worry about, regardless of income or zip code. People want care that is reliable and undeniable, safe, affordable, and accessible. This bill helps ensure that all children get the care they need and deserve so they and their families can have a better, brighter future.
NA
NA
So proud of Marylander and NASA astronaut Reid Wiseman for a successful mission aboard the International Space Station. The work being conducted is important for advancements in science and technology - inspiring future generations of astronauts and scientists. Welcome back to earth & have safe journey home.
Honored to be part of the PBS series MAKERS: Women in Politics, talking trailblazers for women in politics. Tune in to PBS or MAKERS.com to check it out.
Inherent in our system of government, no one party has a permanent hold on power. As we once again cycle into a new balance of power in the Senate – and in Annapolis – we encourage all of our current and new colleagues to work together in a bipartisan manner to meet the challenges currently facing our nation.    Gridlock has never created jobs or provided capital to a small business owner. And it will not bring us closer to energy security.    What we need is civil debate and cooperation. We need to put American families at the top of our priority list. We must find a way to break free of the conflicts that have polarized us in the past and seek rational compromises that move us forward, strengthening America’s economy and improving security at home and abroad.  In Annapolis, as in Washington, the need for rational compromise and bipartisanship is essential. Team Maryland is ready and willing to work with our new governor in a positive partnership that keeps our state moving forward and provides greater opportunity for all Marylanders.
NA
Trick or treating at #Faidley's in Baltimore - their crab cakes are better than candy! Have a safe & happy Halloween!
I'm so pleased the 108th national convention of the NAACP will be 'Coming Home to Baltimore' in 2017! We must keep up the fight for equal justice & equal opportunity no matter your race, ethnicity, religion or national origin. Job well done to NAACP Baltimore Chapter President Tessa Hill-Aston & all who worked hard to bring the 2017 convention to Baltimore.
This week at Fort Meade I was joined by Team Maryland together with state officials and Fort Meade leaders to announce a $10 million transportation infrastructure federal grant to widen MD 175.   This public investment in Fort Meade and surrounding communities is about jobs, jobs, jobs. Widening MD 175 is critical for the 56,000 men and women who live and work at Fort Meade as one of the state’s largest employers. This project is a linchpin for a thriving but congested region.
I'm pleased the Department of Health and Human Services followed through on my request with Senator Cardin to release critical heating assistance as winter approaches. No family should be forced to choose between paying the heating bill and putting food on the table. This critical energy assistance for low income families will help those most in need care for themselves and their families.
On Wednesday, October 15, 2014, Senator Mikulski convened a Western Maryland College Affordability Summit at Allegany College of Maryland. The Summit, part of her statewide College Affordability Tour, focused on the many challenges Maryland students and families face in paying for higher education as well as the impact on jobs and communities. As the cost of higher education continues to rise at unprecedented rates and U.S. student loan debt balloons to roughly $1 trillion – a sum larger than Americans’ total collective credit card debt – Senator Mikulski is committed to finding new ways to make college a more attainable prospect for a greater number of Maryland students.
This week I continued my College Affordability Tour by convening a Western Maryland College Affordability Summit at Allegany College of Maryland. I heard first hand from students and administrators from Allegany College, Garrett College and Frostburg State University as well as local business leaders about the impact of skyrocketing student debt. We must reduce interest rates and increase graduation rates. I will continue to fight so Maryland families have a fair shot at higher education with a government on their side.
Kudos to Marylanders Annette March-Grier of Roberta’s House & Arthur Bloom of MusiCorps selected as CNN's Top 10 Heroes of 2014.   Roberta's House provides healing for children and families coping with loss of a loved one and I’m proud to support their mission.   MusiCorps in Bethesda helps wounded warriors recover and rebuild their lives through music therapy.   Vote today!
Congratulations to Malala & Kailash honored with the Nobel Peace Prize. Their courage and dedication to improve the lives of children inspires so many around the world.
If the last 20 years have shown us anything, it's that #VAWA works! I have zero tolerance for domestic violence. If you are beaten and abused, you should have somewhere to turn for help and a path to recovery. As we mark 20 years of the Violence Against Women Act and the historic Crime Bill, let's recommit ourselves to ending the scourge of domestic violence. 
This week in Glen Burnie I was joined by Anne Arundel County Executive Laura Neuman, Anne Arundel County Fire Chief Michael Cox together with local leaders and fire fighters to make a major announcement of $3 million in federal grant funding for critical breathing safety equipment for Anne Arundel first responders.  Every day our first responders put their lives on the line to protect families, homes, businesses and communities. We must protect our protectors with the tools they need.  I was also proud to be recognized as Legislator of the Year by the Congressional Fire Service Institute for my unrelenting fight to support fire fighters.
On Monday, October 6, 2014 at the Marley Fire Station, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md) was joined by Anne Arundel County Executive Laura Neuman, Anne Arundel County Fire Chief Michael Cox and FEMA Assistant Administrator Brian Kamoie to announce almost $3 million in federal grants that will address equipment needs for first responders in Anne Arundel County. Senator Mikulski was also recognized as Legislator of the Year by the Congressional Fire Service Institute (CFSI).
I'm standing shoulder to shoulder with Senator Cardin, Congressman Cummings and Baltimore faith and community leaders to say it's time to end racial profiling!  Racial profiling is discrimination - plain and simple. Families in their own communities should not have to fear they'll be singled out because of their race, ethnicity or religion.   It's time to act! When we say justice for all - we must mean it. 
On my Maryland Jobs Tour this week I met with members of the Frederick County Chamber of Commerce to talk growing our economy and supporting jobs, jobs, jobs. I believe the best social program is a job, and that no one should have to leave Frederick to get a job. I promise to continue to fight for Frederick and Western Maryland communities, supporting jobs today and jobs tomorrow.
Fired up for the Orioles!! Got my orange on for O’s Orange Day! We’re going to trounce those Tigers! #WeWontStop
I had a great time touring the Frederick County Senior Expo discussing my fight to give seniors a fair shot with a government on their side.  Honor thy mother & father is not only a good commandment to live by, it's good public policy to govern by. That's why I'm committed to meeting the day-to-day needs of our growing & changing senior population so that they have the services and support they need.
Maryland broadband is bridging the digital divide and expanding access to jobs and opportunity. Last week I joined with Howard County Executive Ken Ulman and local school leaders and public officials to announce a groundbreaking initiative in five Howard County schools that will use telemedicine technology to boost health and student performance.  Providing school-based health services keeps kids in school, improves grades, enhances the overall health of students and saves money for families who don’t have to miss work. With telemedicine made possible through broadband, Howard County schools will keep kids healthy, safe and learning while on the path to successful futures. 
Good luck to Team USA competing at the 2014 Deep Creek Canoe Kayak world championship kicking off in Western Maryland! Deep Creek showcases to the world the natural beauty & vitality of Western Maryland, supporting our state's tourism economy.
Once again Senate Republicans have filibustered the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation I introduced to help fulfill the promise of the Equal Pay Act for equal pay for equal work.  Whenever we women fight for fair pay, we are either sidelined, redlined, or pushed aside. Once again, as I have said before, when we have had a setback, we are going to fight. We are going to fight on the Senate floor, we are going to take this to the people in the country and we are going to fight it through our communities.   I’ve heard from people all across Maryland and America who want a fair shot at equal pay for equal work. It's time to put change in the law books so we can put change in family checkbooks. 
Congratulations & job well done to AmeriCorps for 20 years of service to communities in need across America!   I fought to create AmeriCorps 20 years ago to capture the fervor and passion of a social movement bringing people to arms wielding change. Since then, more than 775,000 AmeriCorps members have one billion service hours in neighborhoods across America – neighbor helping neighbor.   This week I introduced a bipartisan resolution with Senator Thad Cochran recognizing the service of AmeriCorps. I also joined with leaders, members and alumni to thank them for their service and look ahead to the next 20 years.  
This week we commemorate the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act, a landmark piece of legislation that continues to improve the lives of millions of women, their families, and the communities that support them. If the last 20 years have taught us anything, it's that VAWA works.   This legislation stands today as an example of what we are really called here to do – meeting people's day-to-day needs. That means protecting people, making their lives better and providing vital resources to those in need. No woman in this country should live in fear that her partner will hurt or kill her or her kids. I have zero tolerance for domestic violence. If you are beaten and abused, you should have somewhere to turn for help and a path to recovery. 
I’m worried about what skyrocketing student debt means for young people and the future of our country. More than 40 million Americans today owe almost $1.2 trillion in student loans – more than is owed on credit cards. In Maryland, more than half of graduating students are borrowing to pay for their education.   Last week on my College Affordability Tour, I heard from students how staggering student loans are impacting Maryland families. We must reduce interest rates & raise graduation rates! That’s why I’m fighting to pass legislation to #BankonStudents & give families a #fairshot at higher education.  
I'm pleased to announce $10 million in federal grant funding has been awarded to the Maryland Department of Transportation to decrease congestion at Fort Meade by widening MD 175. Public investment in Fort Meade and surrounding Anne Arundel & Howard Counties is about jobs today & jobs tomorrow. This project is a linchpin for the thriving but congested region. It will support construction jobs today and the 56,000 men & women who live & work at Fort Meade.  
I'm so pleased to be named the Congressional Fire Services Institute’s legislator of the year for my commitment to firefighters in Maryland and across America. I’ll keep fighting for our firefighters who everyday put their lives on the line to keep us safe and protect homes, families & communities. 
Just as Abigail Adams said ‘Do not forget the ladies or we will foment a revolution of our own.’ As we mark #WomensEqualityDay let’s recommit ourselves to the fight for #equalpay for equal work & a #fairshot for all women & families!
Good luck on a successful year to students, teachers and families across Maryland headed back to school this week! Education is a critical rung on America's opportunity ladder - preparing students today for successful futures tomorrow.
Thanks to the men & women of Fort Meade's 48th Combat Support Hospital providing medical care to Alleghany County communities in need. I'm proud to recognize these service members getting hands-on training while providing free preventive medical care, dental treatment and veterinary services to those who need it most.
I'm pleased to announce an agreement by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the U.S. Coast Guard bringing a new maintenance & repair mission to the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay in Baltimore. This agreement is a one-two punch for Maryland, supporting jobs today at Curtis Bay and jobs tomorrow in our state's coastal economies.  
Today marks 3 years since Marylander Warren Weinstein was abducted in Pakistan - now is the time to bring him home. #freewarrenweinstein
In Baltimore I joined with Lt. Governor Anthony Brown, Senator Ben Cardin, Congressman Dutch Ruppersberger along with health representatives and domestic violence advocates to announce funds to combat Maryland domestic violence. Funding for the Bridge Project at the University of Maryland Medical Center will provide 24/7 support for victims of domestic violence and help protect women and their families from continued abuse.   If you are beaten and abused, you should have somewhere to turn for help and a path to recovery. I will keep fighting for funds in the federal checkbook to combat domestic abuse, dating violence and sexual assault. 
Tonight families across Maryland are standing up to crime and violence celebrating National Night Out. I'm proud to support National Night Out, bringing together communities and crime fighters to say NO to violence in our neighborhoods. Find an event in your community. 
On Tuesday, August 5, 2014, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, participated in a ribbon cutting to dedicate the new expansion of the Dr. Edward J. Poziomek Advanced Chemistry Laboratory at Aberdeen Proving Ground. The new state-of-the-art facility is the nation’s only facility providing advanced, cutting-edge research and development on chemical threats and counter-chemical agents.   Researchers and scientists at the laboratory will be on the front-lines fighting against chemical and biological weapons, researching vaccines and drugs to save lives, developing detection and reconnaissance systems to stay ahead of our enemies, testing protective gear to keep our warriors safe and developing new decontamination systems to stop the spread of toxic agents.    Following the ribbon cutting ceremony, participants toured a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and Explosives (CBRNE) Capabilities Showcase where they saw first-hand a variety of resources that were developed to detect chemical and biological threats, protect our men and women in uniform from those threats, decontaminate locations and equipment, and - finally – eliminate existing chemical and biological weapons, as with the ongoing mission in Syria.
Today I met with members of the Maryland Council of Community College Presidents to discuss ensuring access to affordable higher education. I'm so proud to represent Maryland and the people of the educational mosaic that’s in our great state. Education is a critical rung on the opportunity ladder of this nation. As a former community college teacher, I know first-hand how important our community colleges are to the 500,000 Maryland students enrolled and getting a first-class education, preparing for jobs tomorrow. 
This morning I proudly introduced Anne Arundel County native and Morgan State graduate Carolyn Colvin to the Senate Finance Committee at a hearing on her nomination to serve as Commissioner of the Social Security Administration.   Social Security is a social contract between the American people and their government, providing a critical safety net that’s there when they need it. Carolyn is intellectually brilliant with enormous competency and is up to the job at the Social Security Administration.  
On August 1, we will mark the 70th anniversary of the Warsaw Uprising in Poland – a heroic fight against Nazi oppression that forever serves as a symbol of heroism in the face of great adversity. My Polish heritage has given me an identity and a set of beliefs that make me the Senator I am with a belief in freedom, a belief in people, and a belief that we must always speak truth to power.  I’m pleased the Senate Foreign Relations Committee this week passed my bipartisan resolution commemorating this historic event and the strength of the human spirit. 
Along with Senator Ben Cardin, Congressman Steny Hoyer, Congresswoman Donna Edwards, Prince George's County Executive Rushern Baker and County Council President Mel Franklin - together as Team Maryland we proudly announced two proposed sites in Prince George's County are on the short-list to be home to the new FBI headquarters. The FBI needs a 21st century fully consolidated headquarters so it can fulfill its 21st century mission. 
The Montford Point Marines broke down barriers for African Americans serving in our Armed Forces. For their heroic service, I cosponsored a bill awarding them Congressional Gold Medal.  Life-long Calvert Co. Marylander Corporal Elmer Mackall served his country as a Montford Marine, but never received his medal or official recognition.  I was proud to cut through the red tape & break bureaucracy so Cpl. Mackall received this long-overdue honor he deserves. We're demonstrating that a grateful nation never forgets.  
While I would have liked to join Weather Channel meteorologist Jim Cantore who was on Capitol Hill today to talk weather safety - I sent him my regards with a photo of our last meeting where I presented him a Senate umbrella! Thanks to all our meteorologists who every day are working to prepare communities for severe weather and keep families safe.
The life and legacy of Mattie Stepanek continues to inspire us all as an advocate for peace whose message has reached millions around the world. Though his death was a true tragedy, his life was a triumph. He was a gifted author and noted peacemaker. I was so touched to have met Mattie and heard first-hand his determined message of hope. I’m proud to honor Mattie and his call for hope and peace that lives on and will continue to inspire future generations. 
This week we pay tribute to the life of Mattie Stepanek who passed away ten years ago after a fight with Muscular Dystrophy. We are especially thinking of him as Thursday would have marked his 24th birthday. Mattie was an inspiration to all as a gifted author and noted peacemaker. He took a personal challenge and turned it into a message of peace heard around the world. To honor his life and legacy, I was joined by Senator Ben Cardin to introduce a Senate resolution declaring July 17, 2014 as Mattie Stepanek World Peace Day.   http://www.mikulski.senate.gov/media/pressrelease/loader.cfm?csModule=security/getfile&pageid=16623
NA
Today in Frederick I met with leaders in Maryland's biotech industry at AstraZeneca to discuss community health and supporting research, innovation and manufacturing jobs.   In Maryland, life science is the life blood of our economy. It supports nearly 90,000 jobs developing new biological products, new pharmaceuticals and new cures that save and improve lives  By working to develop safe and effective treatments, we can ensure that our nation’s health care providers have the tools they need to keep families healthy.
I've joined with Senator John McCain and other bipartisan Senators to call on the Defense Department to release surplus military equipment to firefighters responding to natural disasters. First responders put their lives on the line to protect lives and communities. We have a responsibility to protect our protectors with the tools they need. Ensuring states have the needed equipment to respond to disasters through surplus military equipment is common sense. It saves money & saves lives.  
I am proud to have sponsored the legislation that has awarded a hero like Raoul Wallenberg the Congressional Gold Medal. His selfless service, courage and integrity is evidenced by his heroic actions during the Holocaust. A true humanitarian, Raoul Wallenberg valiantly saved thousands of Hungarian Jews and ultimately sacrificed his own life in the process. I am honored to join in recognizing his accomplishments and sacrifices. 
The Supreme Court’s far-reaching decision should concern us all. It puts the personal opinion of an employer ahead of the medical opinion of a doctor. By allowing employers to deny women access to needed health care, this decision once again allows for gender discrimination in health care – something I fought to end.  That's why I'm joining Senators Patty Murray and Mark Udall to introduce legislation that works to right this wrong and protect all Americans, men and women - by prohibiting employers from denying access to important health benefits. Recognizing that Houses of Worship and religiously-affiliated organizations deserve special consideration with respect to these sensitive issues, the bill does include exemptions for those employers. Health decisions should be made by an individual and her doctor, not by her employer. 
Today I visited Baltimore's Montebello water treatment facility along with Senator Cardin to get an up-close view of Maryland's aging water infrastructure. Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure, but they can’t do it on their own. They need a government that’s on their side.   I'm fighting for smart federal funding that communities can use to wash away the rust and decay of crumbling water infrastructure and create jobs, protect public safety, protect the environment and protect ratepayers. I'll keep working to shine a light on the need for water infrastructure investments to make sure that Maryland's water works.
I join with all of Prince George’s County and Maryland in mourning the passing of Wayne Curry. Wayne was a friend, a colleague and a strong partner in moving Maryland forward. Prince George’s County and our state have lost a truly great man.  Throughout his years of service to his community, Wayne demonstrated a tireless commitment to turning Prince George’s County into the economic engine that it is today. He was a  brilliant strategist, an outspoken advocate and a no-nonsense guy. I was proud to work closely with Wayne on a number of projects, including the development of National Harbor.  He used his formidable intellect to broker deals and staunchly advocate for the County he loved so well. I extend my sympathies to his wife Sheila along with his family and friends during this difficult time.
Today in Rosedale I was joined by Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz, Baltimore County Fire Chief John Hohman and state and local first responders to announce $4.6 million in federal grant funding to address equipment and staffing needs for Maryland fire fighters.   Every day when our first responders report for duty, they don’t know what they will face. That’s why I fight every year for the equipment, training, and staffing our protectors and communities deserve.
Vote TODAY for Ellicott City as Parade Magazine’s Best Main Street in America! Ellicott City small businesses are the backbone of the community – creating jobs and bringing in tourists and families who shop, eat & live here. Let’s support Howard Co. families and businesses. 
President Obama’s decision to nominate Mr. Bob McDonald as the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs demonstrates his commitment to resolving the issues that have plagued the VA.  Mr. McDonald’s military experience and business, management and leadership skills are needed to lead our nation’s largest health care network.  I look forward to the Senate’s quick confirmation of Mr. McDonald so we can right the ship and together continue to tackle the issues in the VA.
As our nation continues to look at how to best create, sustain, and support high-paying jobs, we must look at how best to educate our workforce and how best to provide needed resources to fill jobs in high-demand.   The Senate's bipartisan action this week to reauthorize the Workforce Investment Act is a major step supporting jobs and helping our nation remain competitive globally. This is a down-payment on our middle class and our nation’s future, promoting jobs today and jobs tomorrow. 
Today as a Congressional Gold Medal was awarded to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his wife Coretta, we reflect on 50 years of the historic Civil Rights Act.    This long-overdue and well-deserved award recognizes the monumental impact of Dr. King and his march towards freedom and equality for all.   Fifty years after the Civil Rights Act was signed into law, we must renew & reinvigorate our fight to break down the barriers of injustice. Together we can break down barriers so all can live in a country that lives up to the undeniable promise of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
No woman in America should live in fear of being sexually assaulted or abused. Those that are need a government on their side.  It’s outrageous that tens of thousands of untested sexual assault kits are sitting in crime labs or police lockers. Victims must know they haven’t been forgotten.  I’m fighting through the CJS funding bill to clear the backlog of sexual assault kit testing. Evidence must be processed, cases investigated, criminals punished and victims provided the services they need to help rebuild lives. 
This week's action by the Senate to pass bipartisan legislation I cosponsored to address patient wait times at VA hospitals and improve accountability is about ensuring our veterans get the care and benefits they have earned and deserve. It makes a significant down payment on reforms needed to address organizational failure at the VA, which has put lip service ahead of the health and well-being of our veterans.   These problems with veterans' care have dragged on long enough and must be addressed and corrected. I’m fighting for our veterans and their families so that promises made are promises kept.
As student loans have continued to skyrocket and interest rates climb, students and families need a government on their side. Right now, millions of American students are graduating from college and universities but as they are handed their diplomas, they are being handed a lifetime of debt.   Unfortunately yesterday's action by Senate Republicans to filibuster this legislation has again shown that they would rather protect tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires than give middle class families and their children a fair shot at higher education.  Getting a college education is the core of the American dream. I will continue to fight to make sure that every student has access to that dream.
As we mark the 70th anniversary of D-Day, we’re grateful for the bravery, courage and sacrifice of those who put their lives on the line for our freedom.   To the veterans of our greatest generation who fought valiantly & those who gave their ultimate sacrifice, we say thank you. Our veterans of WWII served with honor & distinction in the fight by land, sea & air for freedom against tyranny & oppression.  On this anniversary of D-Day and everyday, we give thanks to veterans of greatest generation and all our veterans, military & their families.
Today fought to pass my CJS funding bill through Committee which includes the highest ever funding for the Violence Against Women Act to protect women and families My bill also includes funds to take on student sexual assault and reduce the backlog of sexual assault kits for law enforcement.  I have zero tolerance for domestic violence. If you are beaten & abused, you need somewhere to turn for help & recovery. I will continue to fight against domestic abuse, dating violence & sexual abuse to help rebuild lives & families. #VAWA  
Great to meet with Dundalk’s Sean McComb today in the US Captiol after he was named National Teacher of the Year! At Patapsco High, Sean is inspiring students to be all they can be, changing lives and supporting kids and families.
I applaud today's decision by the United Nations Security Council to add Boko Haram to the international terrorist list. This decision will help stop the ability of Boko Haram thugs to terrorize the people of Northern Nigeria and help stop reprehensible attacks in the future.  Earlier this month I led a bipartisan letter with all 20 Senate women calling on President Obama to take action to push the U.N. Security Council to take action. #BringBackOurGirls 
#TBT My senior year at Mount Saint Agnes in Baltimore. Higher education should be part of the American dream, not a financial nightmare. In order for America to out-build and out-innovate the rest of the world, we must out-educate. As student loan debt exceeds $1 trillion, we must act to ensure the doors of higher education stay open for all.
Standing shoulder to shoulder with women of the Senate to say enough is enough - #BringBackOurGirls!
Glad everyone is safe at #WMAR ABC 2 News in Baltimore following today's harrowing ordeal with an armed intruder. Job well done to Baltimore’s heroic first responders who helped clear the building and apprehend the suspect while keeping everyone safe.
It's been 24 days since terrorists abducted more than 200 girls in Nigeria – it’s time to #BringBackOurGirls! This week I led a bipartisan letter to President Obama with all 20 Senate women condemning this atrocity and urging stronger international sanctions against Boko Haram thugs.  I'm outraged & horrified that these young women have been kidnapped, sold into slavery, had their education curtailed & may have been forced into marriage. The Senate women stand united in condemning this reprehensible crime.
I'm so proud of Sean McComb, Maryland's Teacher of the Year who this week was honored at the White House by President Obama after being named National Teacher of the Year!   At Patapsco High in Dundalk, Sean is inspiring students to be all they can be, changing lives and supporting kids and families.   As National Teacher of the Year, Sean shows why Maryland is leading the way in education, preparing students for the next rung on America's opportunity ladder. 
Congrats to Daryl Chappelle on his retirement after 41 yrs of service in the Senate & always keeping the trains running on time! 
I'm disappointed Senate Republicans filibustered a bill raising the federal minimum wage to build a stronger middle class. I support increasing the minimum wage to give 450K Maryland workers a raise & give working families a fair shot at the American dream.  We must make work worth it so everyone who works hard and plays by the rules gets a fair shot! A full time job shouldn’t mean full time poverty.
On Wednesday, April 23, 2014, Senator Barbara Mikulski met with Maryland Adjutant General Major General James A. Adkins and leaders of the Maryland National Guard at the 5th Regiment Armory in Baltimore where she announced her support for a proposed national Commission on Army Force Structure to promote the mission of the Maryland Army National Guard keeping Maryland and our nation safe.
The Maryland National Guard is always on the job protecting us at home and abroad whenever there is danger or disaster. That’s why I’m standing sentry to support the men, women and families of the Maryland National Guard.   I recently joined with leaders of the Maryland National Guard to announce my support for a national Commission on Army Force Structure to defend the Guard against budget cut attacks. I want the Maryland Guard to have a seat at the table for National Guard budget priorities in today’s more frugal fiscal environment. Because a robust Maryland National Guard means a more safe and secure Maryland, protecting lives and livelihoods. 
Great lunch at DiPasquale’s in Highlandtown this week celebrating the 100th anniversary of this great East Baltimore establishment doing good throughout the community. As a Highlandtown native & daughter of small business owners, I know the importance small businesses play in weaving social fabric throughout communities. Hip hop hooray to Joe & the entire DiPasquale family! Here’s to the next 100. And as my mother always said, don’t forget the mild hots!
Five years ago I helped lead the charge for the Serve America Act to refresh and renew our commitment to national service. I stood with President Obama when he signed it into law.   National service is about American values of neighbor helping neighbor, transforming lives & transforming communities.
Proud of the U.S. Naval Academy football team again awarded the Commander in Chief's Trophy at the White House today! 
Congrats to Berlin, Maryland on Eastern Shore having America’s coolest party this weekend after being voted America's Coolest Small Town! 
While we lost today’s vote to move the Paycheck Fairness Act forward, we refuse to lose the battle. We are going to finish the fight to get equal pay for equal work. We’re going to continue to fight to lift the veil of secrecy where right now in many workplaces you are forbidden to discuss the salary that you and your coworkers make. Because if you don’t know, you can’t fight for more dough!   I call on the women of America to suit up, square your shoulders, put on your lipstick and continue the fight for this equal pay revolution!
I took to the Senate floor today leading Democratic women in speaking out for #equalpay for equal work! It’s time to give working families a fair shot!  Women in America make up nearly half the workforce - and 40 percent of them are the sole breadwinners in their families. Working women are tired of being paid in crumbs! 
Today at the White House with pay equity activity Lilly Ledbetter I witnessed President Obama take executive action promoting #equalpay for equal work among federal contractors.  It's time to finish the job. It's time for Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to put change in the federal law books so we can put change in family checkbooks.
Unemployment Insurance is a social contract and a social compact. I'll never stop fighting for Maryland families who need a government on their side. I voted to renew UI providing a critical safety net for more than 2.2 million American families - including 47,000 in Maryland - who need it most. This long overdue action by the Senate comes as welcome relief to help pay for housing, food and heat for families looking for work. 
This week at a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing on the budget for the National Institutes of Health with NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins, I called for robust and reliable investment in innovation.   I call NIH the National Institutes of Hope, giving hope to millions in the U.S. and around the world turning science and discovery into better health for us all. If we want NIH to help combat Alzheimer's, autism and cancer, we need to be on the side of research and innovation. 
On Tuesday, April 1, 2014, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), a senior member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee, today was joined at a press conference by Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) and Senators Mary Landrieu (D-La.), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) and Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) along with representatives of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the National Women’s Law Center (NWLC) as well as a victim of pay discrimination.  Together they urged the Senate to take up and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation which will help close the wage gap between women and men working equivalent jobs, costing women and their families $434,000 over their careers.
Today I lead the Senate Democratic women and advocates in calling on the Senate to take up and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.   More than 50 years after the Equal Pay Act, women still make just 77 cents for every dollar a man earns working an equivalent job. Five years ago we passed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act to keep the courthouse doors open. I introduced the Paycheck Fairness to finish job for equal pay!  I'm telling the women of America to suit up! Square your shoulders, put your lipstick on & lets fight for equal pay for equal work! 
Revved up for Orioles opening day! Flying high – celebrating 60 years in Baltimore. Buckle Up!
Way to go elite University of Maryland Lady Terps! Left Tennessee seeing Red on the way to the Elite 8 - Fear the Lady Turtle!
Today I chaired a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing where I told FBI Director Comey we need a strong, robust, 21st century FBI that can meet 21st century threats.   FBI on the job 24/7, 365. We must show our appreciation for the work they do by making sure they have resources & tools they need to keep America safe.   I also made clear my commitment to a fully consolidated FBI headquarters in Prince George’s Co. that is safe, secure & suited to the needs of the FBI. 
Glad President Obama today brought a piece of Baltimore to the Vatican, giving Pope Francis a box made of reclaimed wood from the National Shrine of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
Today I voted to move ahead with legislation restoring critical unemployment insurance for 23,000 Marylanders who need it most. Unemployment insurance is a social contract & social compact that workers pay into so it’s there when they need it. As the Senate moves forward, I’ll keep fighting to renew unemployment insurance so those looking for work can pay for food on their table & a roof over their head.
An apple a day helps keep hunger away! As a social worker, I know the importance of critical nutrition assistance for those who need it most. I'm proud to join Maryland Hunger Solutions fighting for every student to have access to a healthy breakfast.  #HearTheCrunch
Today with Team Maryland we're standing behind Prince George’s County as the new home for a consolidated FBI headquarters. Prince George's is a high-tech turbo county that meets the needs for a 21st Century FBI. We are FBI-M - Fully Behind in Maryland for FBI!  #FBI2MD
I’ll keep fighting to ensure child care across Maryland is available, affordable, reliable, safe & exceptional. As a child care social worker, I know the importance of quality care for working families in preparing kids for successful futures.  Today in Baltimore I convened a child care roundtable discussion with care providers, teachers, advocates & families on improving critical child care. At Milford Mill Child Development Center I saw first-hand the impact child care can has to ensure that children are learning-ready. 
This week I continued my Maryland Jobs Tour embarking on three-stops in St. Mary’s County meeting with leaders of Maryland’s public and private defense assets and community leaders to discuss my fight to support jobs in Southern Maryland  A stronger America begins at home. That’s why I’m here in Southern Maryland to talk jobs, jobs, jobs and my unwavering commitment to the men and women working to keep our nation safe. I will continue to fight for Maryland’s public and private defense assets, keeping our nation safer and Maryland’s economy stronger.
I’m proud to salute Maryland high school students Albert Corvah and Kieran Murphy, who have demonstrated their leadership and commitment to public service as they continue their studies as delegates to the national U.S. Senate Youth Program. These young people are Maryland’s future leaders.
Enjoyed famous corned beef, rye & mustard sandwich today at Baltimore landmark Attman's Deli!
Congratulations to the Girl Scouts on 102 years of teaching leadership, comradery & community service to generations of girls! 
This week I met with leaders of the Aerospace Industries Association standing up for jobs in America’s manufacturing & innovation economy. By supporting manufacturers on the factory floor & assembly line, we’re promoting economic security & defending our national security.
Harassment has no place in the work place. I'm proud to stand with Senator Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) in supporting the Fair Employment Protection Act fighting against harassment & discrimination in the workplace.
Today’s bipartisan 97-1 vote by the Senate to refresh and reform the vitally important Child Care and Development Block Grant program is good news that will bring peace of mind to the thousands of Maryland families who rely upon this program for child care. I introduced this legislation to ensure that child care across America is available, affordable, reliable, safe and exceptional.   Updating this vitally important child care program will help support those who care for our children, give parents peace of mind that their children are safe and receiving quality care, and better prepare our children for the future. It will help keep working parents at work while ensuring children have a safe environment that provides them the skills they need to begin to develop their potential and be better prepared for school. 
We all say that our children are one of our most important resources – which means that child care is one of our most important decisions. Families will scrimp and save to make sure that they have adequate child care. If you’re a single parent working double shifts, you wonder if child care is safe and sound. If you’re a student working toward a degree, you want to make sure while you’re in school, your children are in a good pre-school or daycare program. These worries weigh heavily on the shoulders of parents everywhere.   The Child Care and Development Block Grant bill I introduced helps lift that burden – giving families and children the child care they need. This bill is the product of bipartisan effort. Child care is something all families worry about regardless of zip code or income. This bill ensures that all children have the care that they need and deserve. 
This week the Senate is taking up bipartisan legislation I introduced to refresh and reform the Child Care Development Block Grant program - supporting 1.5 million families nationwide including 19,000 in Maryland.  Every working parent with children – no matter their wallet size and no matter their zip code – worries about child care. What’s affordable? What’s accessible? Will my child be safe? What will help prepare my child for school and give them the greatest chance to succeed?   This legislation to refresh and reform the Child Care and Development Block Grant is the result of two years of bipartisan cooperation where we are working to change the tone and change the tide to make real change. Updating this vitally important child care program will help support those who care for our children, give parents peace of mind that their children are safe and receiving quality care, and better prepare our children for the future. It will help keep working parents at work while ensuring children have a safe environment that provides them the skills they need to begin to develop their potential and be better prepared for school. 
On Tuesday, March 11, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-MD), Richard Burr (R-NC), Tom Harkin (D-IA), and Lamar Alexander (R-TN), along with Margaret Williams of the Maryland Family Network and parent Cathy Rivera, urged Senate passage of the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2014, a bipartisan reauthorization that will expand access to and improve the quality of child care for the more than 1.5 million children and families that benefit from the federal child care subsidy program. The law has been due for reauthorization since 2002.
Today I voted to support new reforms combating military sexual assault building on the more than 30 reforms included in the recently passed National Defense Authorization Act. I'm tired of lip service and empty promises of zero tolerance policies after years of fighting sexual assault in the military. 
Kudos to Cecil County Public Library recognized by the Institute of Museum and Library Services as a finalist for a national award for making a difference for Maryland families & communities! 
This week I was so pleased to receive the Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life along with Senator Susan Collins on behalf of my bipartisan Senate women colleagues honoring our civility toward our colleagues and bipartisan efforts to move our country forward.   With a historic number of 20 Senate women with an historic amount of power chairing eight committees, we have continued to create a zone of civility to get the job done. Whether it's breaking budget gridlock, passing the Farm Bill, or passing a bill making sure America has clean water infrastructure, we are making real change.   The Senate women know it's not about gender, it's about having an agenda. As Dean of the Senate women, I have faith the Senate women will continue to change the dialogue and change the tone in Washington to support jobs and families across America.
On Monday, February 24, 2014, Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, continued her Maryland Jobs Tour at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Senator Mikulski announced that the recently-passed Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014, legislation she introduced that was signed into law by President Obama, champions federal employees by ending the threat of a government shutdown and rolling furloughs and pays for a one-percent cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for both blue collar wage-grade and General Schedule (GS) scale federal employees. The legislation also cancels devastating sequester cuts and includes a $1 billion increase over fiscal year 2013 levels that will help NIH meet its mission of enhancing health, lengthening life, and reducing illness and disability.
This week I continued my Maryland Jobs Tour meeting with employees at the National Institutes of Health along with NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins. NIH is a world-class institution, serving as the foundation for U.S. medical innovation. Investments in NIH are investments in community health, research, education and our innovation economy.   Every day, the NIH is meeting compelling human need developing new treatments and cures. It truly is the National Institutes of Hope. That’s why I fought so hard to support critical health innovation and research at NIH in the Consolidated Appropriations Act law. I will continue to fight for NIH and the thousands of men and women working every day in every way for patients and families in Maryland and across America. 
Fired up that Berlin, Maryland on the Eastern Shore has been voted Coolest Small Town in America - way to go!   Berlin is pure Maryland - from thriving businesses & natural beauty to nearby Atlantic coast tourism and jobs. I'm proud it’s been voted the coolest in America! 
Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) was joined by Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (Metro) General Manager Richard Sarles and Metro Transit Police Chief Ron Pavlik to announce new legislative reforms that would deter cell phone theft and help put the safety and security of personal information stored on mobile devices back in the hands of consumers.
The safety and security of Marylanders is a number one priority for me. That's why I'm fighting to bring important reforms and relief to those who have been victims of cell phone theft and fraud.   Our cell phones play an essential role in our day to day lives – from connecting us to family and friends to paying our credit card bills and accessing our bank accounts. As essential as they are to us, they are prime targets for thieves. I've cosponsored legislation that will help put consumers in control of their cell phone data. Victims of 'snatch crime' cell phone theft should be able to fight back so they aren't victimized again through data and identity theft. And thieves should know that whenever they steal a cell phone, they won't be able to use it or sell it. 
I was glad to meet with members of the Maryland Rural Water Association to discuss my continued support for water and sewer infrastructure upgrades and development in rural communities across Maryland. Maryland's rural cities and towns need a government on their side when upgrading critical water and sewer infrastructure. By investing in Maryland's infrastructure, we support construction jobs today laying the foundation to keep communities healthy and safe in the future.
This week I joined with Governor Martin O'Malley, Montgomery County Executive Ike Leggett and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to sign an agreement to further develop the National Cybersecurity Center of Excellence in Montgomery County. We're standing sentry to protect America’s ideas and innovations from cyber terrorists, spies and thieves.   With Maryland's world-class educational institutions, leading federal assets and dynamic private sector, our state is the epicenter of cyber security. This center will unite the knowledge of the government with the know-how of the private sector to improve our nation’s cyber security and create jobs. I was so proud to put money in the federal checkbook so this new center will ensure Maryland continues to lead the way in cyber technology and cyber jobs. 
I'm so pleased to receive a tremendous Voices for National Service award that honors the spirit of service to our communities and nation. Every day in every way volunteers are unflagging & unflinching in their determination to make a difference through neighbor helping neighbor. Each of us can make a difference - together we can make change!
On Monday, February 10, 2014, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.) participated in a ribbon cutting to officially open the new Elmer A. Henderson: A Johns Hopkins Partnership School. The school is the first new public school to be built in East Baltimore in more than 20 years.   In her roles as Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and senior member of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee, Senator Mikulski has worked to ensure that children and families have access to quality education they can count on.   The Henderson-Hopkins School, originally known as the East Baltimore Community School, serves grades K-8 and opened January 2, 2014. A key feature of the school will be the health suite that will be staffed in partnership with the Baltimore City Health Department and students and faculty from the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing. Instead of merely treating students who aren’t feeling well, the emphasis will be proactive, teaching students and their families about nutrition and healthy lifestyles.
This morning I was proud to cut the ribbon officially opening the new Henderson-Hopkins school in East Baltimore with students, teachers & community leaders. Henderson-Hopkins will help close social distance so that students from North Ave. or Chase St. can one day take their education to halls of The Johns Hopkins University and beyond. For those who live and work in East Baltimore, Henderson-Hopkins means a new day and a new commitment bringing new energy.  
Good meeting with Maryland members of the National Black Nurses Association who every day in every way provide quality care to those who need it most.
This week I met with Maryland women of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, a distinguished group of women dedicated to social justice and civic leadership. I am so proud to support the work they do in Maryland and across the nation. I believe that in America, people deserve a government on their side. That means a living wage and fair pay, access to America’s opportunity ladder through quality education, and an equal voice in the voting booth. I will continue to fight for children, families and communities that need it most so no one is left out or left behind.
I'm honored to accept the Presidents Award for leadership on higher education by the Maryland Independent Colleges & Universities Association. I'm proud to represent Maryland and people of the educational mosaic that’s in our great state & help them do what they’re best at - educating our next generation. I’ll keep fighting so every child gets their chance at America’s opportunity ladder through quality, affordable higher education.
Maryland’s number one industry is agriculture. Passing a Farm Bill is about jobs today and jobs tomorrow. It also means smart reforms to support Maryland’s agricultural economy. Together with our farmers and small businesses, those who work on Maryland’s farms and in our federal labs, universities and research facilities are supporting our economic future and keeping our nation healthy. I am so proud these federal dollars will create certainty for Maryland’s farmers and a safe, reliable food supply for our families.   This legislation also supports critical nutrition assistance to ensure our most vulnerable will not have to go to bed hungry. I believe that in America, no family should have to choose between putting a roof over their head or food on their table.
On Monday, February 3, 2014, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and the Commerce, Justice, Science (CJS) Appropriations Subcommittee, along with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Administrator Charles Bolden and Goddard Space Flight Center Director Christopher Scolese announced the next steps in construction progress of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) at NASA Goddard in Greenbelt, Maryland.   As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Mikulski will announce funds in the federal checkbook included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014 law to support the mission of Goddard employees and the JWST project, keeping it on track for a 2018 launch.
Today I visited NASA Goddard Space Flight Facility to announce a major milestone and the next steps forward for the James Webb Space Telescope. The Hubble Space Telescope has already rewritten the science books.  Going from Hubble to JWST is like going from a biplane to the jet engine. I've continued to fight to keep the James Webb Space Telescope mission on track, supporting jobs today and jobs tomorrow at Goddard.   NASA Goddard is home to leaders in Maryland's space and innovation economies, making discoveries that not only win Nobel Prizes, but create new products and jobs. The James Webb Space Telescope will keep us in the lead for astronomy for decades to come, spurring the innovation and technology that keep America's economy rolling. 
Today I was joined by Senate Democratic women to say women need a raise so they can raise their families! Nearly two-thirds of minimum wage or less earners are women. Raising the federal minimum wage would lift the wages of 15 million American women. I’m fighting in the Senate to push for a living wage & fair pay for women. A full time job at minimum wage shouldn't mean full time poverty.  
Good to meet today with Marylanders of the National Federation of the Blind talking how we can empower those with disabilities.
Five years ago today, President Obama signed his first law as President. It was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which overturned the 180-day statute of limitations for women to contest pay discrimination. I led the charge in the Senate for this important down-payment in helping end the pay gap and keeping the courthouse doors open.   Today, women still make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. In his State of the Union address, the President renewed the call to build on the promise of equal pay for equal work, and I couldn’t agree more. That why I’ve introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act to stop wage discrimination from happening in the first place and end the policies that keep women uneducated and unequipped when it comes to fighting for their fair share.   I will continue to fight for them. It’s not just for our pocketbooks. It’s about the family checkbooks and getting it right in the law books.
Today as we mark Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, we reflect on his steadfast commitment to social justice and equality. We reflect on Dr. King's inspiring words and must all become drum majors in our own time and our own communities. That means fighting for jobs & a decent wage. Fighting to ensure equal opportunity. And fighting for our children's futures. Today we see how far we've come and recommit ourselves to continuing the fight for progress and hope for a better future.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor with a great sense of urgency and passion over the fact that we need to extend unemployment insurance. This is one of the coldest spells that we’ve had in decades in the Northeast-Midwest area. And I find it unfathomable when it is so cold, that the big chill in Washington is that we’re not going to extend unemployment benefits.  In Maryland right this very minute, 23,000 people are affected. That’s 23,000 families that have now lost a modest benefit which averages out to about $313 per week that enables people, while they’re looking for work, to be able to pay for their housing, pay for their food and pay for their heat. Let's restore this critical safety net for those who need it most.
As Delegates and Senators kick off the 434th session of the Maryland General Assembly in Annapolis, Team Maryland is fighting in Washington for the day to day needs of Marylanders.  Team Maryland is your federal Congressional delegation in the Senate & House serving as your voice in Washington, united for families and Maryland values. That means jobs, a living wage, a social safety net that’s there when you need it, education families can count on and fair treatment for all.  From Annapolis to Washington, we’re fighting because Marylanders in every community deserve a government on their side working as hard as they do.
Today I voted along with bipartisan Senators to move ahead with debate to restore critical unemployment insurance for 1.3 million Americans - including 23,000 Marylanders.  I’ll continue to fight to restore this important safety net. No one should be redlined or sidelined by their government when they need it most.
On Monday, January 6, 2014, Senator Barbara Mikulski was joined by Team Maryland and Metro and transportation leaders in touring the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority's (WMATA) new 7000-series railcars. The cars will fulfill a critical NTSB safety recommendation by replacing Metro's oldest cars, while also adding train capacity.
For all that Metro does to keep government running, get people to work and get cars off the road, this investment in Metro is about safety and it’s about jobs. Metro's new 7000 series cars are the next generation of safer cars to ride the rails of Washington’s Metro.   This strategic accomplishment has brought together the best ideas with the best practices and the best engineering to create safety and create jobs. These rail cars were built by American workers in Nebraska and Maryland to keep safety on track on America’s subway.
NA
Today my thoughts and prayers are with the more than 23,000 Marylanders will lose their unemployment insurance tonight. People pay into unemployment insurance & it should be there when they need it. It’s a social contract & a social compact.   That’s why I’m cosponsoring a short-term extension of federal unemployment insurance providing a critical safety net for those who need it most. I will never stop fighting to meet compelling human need & standing up for Maryland families.
Last night I voted to pass the National Defense Authorization Act, legislation that includes more than 30 historic reforms to combat sexual assault in our military. This bill strengthens the justice system for victims, provides counsel & support and provides serious deterrents with serious consequences. Our men & women in uniform who fight the enemy on the front lines shouldn’t have to fear the enemy within.
Great to meet today with Glenn Close – actress & activist fighting to end the stigma and discrimination against mental illness. 
 
 I’ve been a longtime champion for mental health parity, helping families & communities deal w effects of mental illness. We must have a health system that recognizes the warning signs, ensures quality of treatment and helps families cope with everyday challenges.
Together with Team Maryland we stand firmly behind Prince George’s County as the right choice for the new headquarters of the FBI and support County Executive Baker’s proposal for the Greenbelt site. An honest analysis of the cost of operations, security, convenience of location for staff, transportation options, and the promotion of regional equity in federal facility distribution should make the proposed Greenbelt, Maryland site the choice location for FBI.   This project would bring thousands of jobs to the County, boost our local economy and generate additional revenues for our community. As GSA continues to move forward with the process of selecting a site, we will be working closely together to advocate for bringing this project, and the new economic opportunities that will accompany it, to Prince George's County.
I extend my deepest sympathies to Nelson Mandela's family, and the people of South Africa for his loss. But I know that his journey will continue, and justice will persevere.  I join the world in mourning the passing of a visionary leader, Nelson Mandela.  He was a tireless champion of justice and peace. His willingness to sacrifice his freedom for the freedom of others was an inspiration to so many – Senators and South Africans alike.   Nelson Mandela may have fought for freedom in South Africa, but his moral courage brought hope to people all over the world. The world watched as he sought to vanquish the evils of apartheid, was held captive in Robben Island, and became the first black president of a democratic South Africa. Yet his unimaginable struggles accompany incredible achievements. For as Frederick Douglas said, ‘If there is no struggle, there is no progress.’  As we celebrate the life of this incomparable man, we recommit ourselves to the cause of freedom and equality. We look ahead at the promise of a brighter future for our children and grandchildren. We have come a long way. Old obstacles have been demolished. The promise of equality and freedom remain within our grasp. But we have a long way to go, and cannot walk the path alone. As Nelson Mandela knew, there is no easy walk to freedom. But he knew we could do it together.
Senator Mikulski joined Crisfield Mayor P.J. Purnell, local officials and residents to cut the ribbon on the new Crisfield Depot pier, devastated by Super Storm Sandy. The pier plays a critical role for commerce and jobs in Crisfield and was restored with funding from MDOT, FHWA, DNR and federal CDBG. CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy.  As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Mikulski has fought for more than $73.5 million in federal funds related to Super-Storm Sandy for Maryland communities.
This week I embarked on a three-stop Jobs Tour across Maryland's Eastern Shore to talk jobs, jobs, jobs. I believe the best social program is a job, and that no one should have to leave the Shore to get a job.  I was proud to help cut the ribbon dedicating the new Crisfield Depot pier, restored after the devastation of Super Storm Sandy. Promises made are promises kept. I will continue to fight for Eastern Shore communities and jobs today and jobs tomorrow.
This week at the Maryland Food Bank with Congressmen Elijah Cummings and John Sarbanes, I heard first-hand the benefits of critical nutrition assistance for Maryland families and those who need it most. I will continue to fight cuts to SNAP, helping thousands of Marylanders and supporting our state’s agricultural economy. Let’s on this Thanksgiving Day make sure we’re all united that nobody in America goes to work, goes to school and goes to bed hungry.
On Monday, November 25, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski along with Representatives Elijah Cummings and John Sarbanes visited the Maryland Food Bank to show her support for critical nutrition assistance for families and those who need it most.
Today at NASA Goddard in Greenbelt, I joined Governor O'Malley and NASA leaders to sign an historic memorandum connecting NASA’s science & innovation with Maryland’s cutting edge private sector to support jobs. With NASA’s knowledge & the know-how of Maryland’s private sector, we can bring innovation from the edges of the universe to the forefront of our local economy.
Today Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine) and I led a group of bipartisan Senate women in saying enough is enough! It's time to end military sexual assault.  We, the women of the Senate, all of us, agree on the goals. We want to be able to provide prosecutorial tours for punishment. We want to ensure fairness in the process. And we want to make sure we get help to the victims. The National Defense Authorization Act has more than 30 reforms in it to accomplish that. We are ready to reform, revise and standardize how the military deals with these problems.
Sexual assault in our military is a compelling national problem. When you join the military and you face the enemy, you shouldn’t have to fear the enemy within. No woman should be a victim of rape by a fellow soldier or seaman or corpsman. No man should face the same sexual attack and call it hazing. There is no place in the United States military for violence against one member of the military by another.
Congratulations to the men & woman at NASA and NASA Goddard in Maryland on the successful #MAVEN launch – continuing to push the boundaries of science & discovery on the Red Planet!
When I was first elected to represent Maryland in the Senate, I served with only one other woman – Nancy Kassebaum (R-Kan.). Nancy was so welcoming, offering tips & insights into navigating the Senate – a tradition I continue today as Dean of 20 Senate women. We always agreed it wasn’t about gender, it was about having an agenda. Few senators have left such a mark as Nancy – a dedicated public servant who put people above politics.
Today I met with Weather Channel Meteorologist Jim Cantore and presented him with an official Senate umbrella so he’s high & dry from severe weather! We discussed the need for Maryland families to have an action plan in place so they’re prepared for all kinds of severe weather. 
 
 In Maryland when severe weather strikes, we’re all in it together. Be prepared & have a plan in place today! http://www.connectwithweather.com/
NA
Today I called for a briefing by IRS Commissioner Werfel on Maryland small business owners victimized by Payroll Service Provider tax fraud. I’ve met with these small business owners and introduced legislation to fight payroll service provider tax theft. Small businesses need a government on their side with timely resolutions to their cases, not be subjected to more red tape.
I firmly believe that people should be judged based on their individual skills, competence, and unique talents—and nothing else. Americans believe in the golden rule – to treat others the way you wish to be treated – and so do I. ENDA would close an enormous gap in our civil rights laws.
Today welcomed University System of Maryland Chancellor Brit Kirwan to testify before the Senate on refreshing and reforming higher education. Chancellor Kirwan has been an invaluable leader for higher education in Maryland and across the nation. The Senate will learn a lot from listening to him.
As the Senate and House work out their differences in the Farm Bill, I joined with 38 Senate colleagues to fight draconian cuts to SNAP.  The Senate-passed Farm Bill reforms SNAP while protecting nutrition assistance for 360K Maryland families who need it most.  I believe in America, no one should have to choose between putting a roof over their head or food on their table.
Today Team Maryland marked the 1-year anniversary of Super Storm Sandy by announcing $19 million in federal Community Development Block Grant funds to help communities recover and rebuild businesses and homes, lives and livelihoods. Those hit hardest by this destructive storm will never be forgotten, left out or left behind – they must know they have a government on their side.
Earlier this year I visited Crisfield to see first-hand the destruction of Super-Storm Sandy and the recovery underway. I promised residents of the Eastern Shore that I would continue to fight for communities struggling to rebuild. Today’s announcement demonstrates that promises made are promises kept.
Along with NASA Administrator Bolden, I visited NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt to welcome back federal employees who had been furloughed through no fault of their own and continue to face the detrimental impacts of sequester.   NASA Goddard is home to leaders in Maryland’s space and innovation economies, making discoveries that not only win Nobel Prizes, but create new products and jobs. It’s time for Congress to do its job and keep hardworking federal employees on the job.
Today I met with leaders of Fort Detrick in Frederick to discuss the continued impacts of sequester on jobs, federal employees and critical military programs. I thanked hard working federal employees who were locked out and locked down by the needless government shutdown and sequester cuts. It’s time to end shutdown, slam down politics. I will continue to fight for federal employees as hard as they fight each day on the front lines for America.
Today I was joined by Senate Democratic women, pregnant women and new moms to speak out for the 42 million Americans who right this minute have no healthcare but have hope because of the full implementation of Obamacare. We’re going to make sure the Affordable Care Act, which is the law of the land today, stays the law of the land tomorrow. We will not go back to the dark ages where being a woman was considered a preexisting condition.
Senator Mikulski, Senate Democratic women and new moms speak out against the House Republican's plan to roll back health care coverage for women by repealing Obamacare.
NA
This weekend I joined President Obama, the Navy community and affected families at a memorial for victims of the senseless Navy Yard tragedy. My deepest sympathies and condolences are with the victims, their families & all those affected by this terrible, horrific act. My thanks are with our local and federal law enforcement who were first on the scene.   A new hotline has been set up for victims & witnesses and survivors to connect to crisis & trauma counseling: call 1-866-962-5048.  Earlier in the week I spoke on the Senate floor with a heavy heart for the victims of Navy Yard – including 6 Marylanders killed.
Congratulations to AmeriCorps on 20 years of serving families and communities across America. Over 800K AmeriCorps volunteers have served more than 1 billion hours of community service in the past 20 yrs! Volunteers mentor children, support vets, promote health, respond to disasters & increase economic opportunities.
 
 I fought to establish AmeriCorps, have worked to strengthen it & to expand opportunities because I believe in neighbor helping neighbor. I’m proud to stand with AmeriCorps volunteers to applaud their service & kick off the next 20 years of supporting communities!
I'm deeply disappointed by the House GOP's vote to slash crucial nutrition assistance for children, families & seniors who need it most. I believe in America no one should have to choose between paying rent & putting food on the table.
Great day at Spaceport Wallops! Launching cargo to the Space Station and jobs on the Eastern Shore. A momentous milestone for Antares!
Our vets returning from war shouldn’t have to face a quagmire of bureaucracy in getting their benefits claims processed. I’ve been laser focused on fighting red tape slowdowns & demanding a sense of urgency in processing delayed claims.   This week I wrote to Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Shinseki calling for an action plan for Baltimore to implement the FDC benefits program. We must improve the lackluster performance so commitments to our vets aren’t put in jeopardy.
Today at Fort Meade I helped cut the ribbon on a new state of the art Army Wellness Center that will help our military & their families  be fit for duty as the best fighting force & best family support they can be.   I also announced Fort Meade as a partner in the Healthy Base Initiative, serving as a model healthy base worthy of our military families.
On Tuesday, September 10, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski speaks at a bipartisan ceremony posthumously awarding a Congressional Gold Medal to the victims of the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in Birmingham, Alabama on September 15, 1963.
Today I gathered with bipartisan members of the US Senate & House to commemorate those tragically lost on 9/11/2001. My heart goes out to the 68 Maryland families and all who lost loved ones that day. They’re not alone in their grief. We’ll never forget those suddenly & sadly taken from us, and the heroic 1st responders who rushed to service that day. Today we honor their courage & sacrifice.
Great to meet with minority owned small business leaders & President’s RoundTable today in Baltimore. As the daughter of a small business owner, I know how important they are to create jobs by hiring local workers & investing in communities.
A reliable & well maintained infrastructure lays the groundwork for our future and is vital to create jobs today & jobs tomorrow. I’ve fought hard for federal investments in long overdue improvements to Maryland’s highways, byways & transit systems. Maryland can count on me to keep fighting for our state’s fair share supporting jobs & communities.
Welcome back students in Baltimore, Montgomery, Anne Arundel, Charles, Garrett & all across Maryland! Good luck for a great school year. Thanks to teachers & parents for all you do to prepare students today for jobs tomorrow.
NA
Applications for Maryland students to attend the 2014 US Senate Youth Program are now open until Sept 17. Opportunity for our future leaders to see first-hand how government works. http://www.ussenateyouth.org/
I appreciate today's update of the facts from NTSB’s independent review of horrific July crash on Maryland's Bay Bridge and applaud commitment to get to the bottom of it. I asked the NTSB to conduct an investigation after hearing the concerns of many Marylanders who cross the Bay Bridge.  This time of year, Maryland families are crossing the Bay Bridge for vacations on the Eastern Shore. Others travel the bridge daily commuting to and from work. No matter your destination, everyone should feel safe crossing the bridge.   I look forward to the NTSB’s recommendations to ensure the bridge is the safest it can possibly be for everyone so that these type of accidents don’t happen again.
I'm so proud of the men and women of the FBI who worked alongside State and local police and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to rescue more than 100 children and arrest 150 pimps who were exploiting them.  I commend all the agents who broke up these despicable child prostitution rings. This major operation is an example of the good that can be accomplished when the Federal government works with State and locals to keep our children safe.
This week I continued my fight to protect small businesses from payroll service provider tax theft & fraud. As the daughter of a small business owner, I saw first-hand how they help weave the social fabric, hiring local workers and investing in communities.  Small businesses need a government on their side. My common-sense reforms will help protect them from schemes & scams.
Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.), Chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee, was joined by Senators Harry Reid (D-Nev.), Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and Patty Murray (D-Wash.) in calling on Republicans to negotiate a budget deal, pass appropriations funding bills and cancel the devastating sequester.
Today I was joined by Senators Harry Reid, Dick Durbin, Chuck Schumer and Patty Murray in calling for an end to sequester. Sequester is having devastating impacts to research, innovation, security & jobs. We need a balanced approach, not the slash of reckless cuts.  Congress must act with a fierce urgency of now to agree on a budget, pass appropriations & move America forward.
Great piece by National Journal on the bipartisan Senate women. I was joined by my friends and colleagues Senators Susan Collins, Barbara Boxer, Patty Murray and Tammy Baldwin to talk about our fight for families, the economy and our country. With the Senate women, we’ve got our lipstick on, our shoulders squared & we’re ready to get the job done!
AmeriCorps and service program volunteers are unflagging, unflinching, and determined to make a difference. These volunteers tutor teens, start neighborhood crime watches, turn vacant lots into neighborhoods, and help communities clean up and rebuild after natural disasters. I fought to create AmeriCorps, I fought to strengthen AmeriCorps, and I will continue to fight for AmeriCorps and other vital service programs. Their efforts are needed now more than ever.
NA
Today the Senate Appropriations committee passed the Labor, Health and Human Services funding bill which makes important investments in the National Institutes of Health, supporting community health, research, education and innovation. Every day, NIH meets compelling human need developing new treatments and cures. It’s truly the National Institutes of Hope.  Earlier this week, I was joined by NIH Director Francis Collins at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore to call for an end to sequester that hurts research, education and patients.
God bless the USA! Had a great July 4th celebration doing two parades in Baltimore County - Dundalk & Towson. Great turn out of spirit and patriotism.
This week I cosponsored the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act, legislation that would prevent federal Stafford student loan rates from doubling on July 1. This would impact 105,000 Maryland students, adding approximately $1,000 to the cost of each loan.  When it comes to higher education, I believe in choice and opportunity.  In order for America to out-build and out-innovate the rest of the world, we first must out-educate – which means we have to make investments in federal grants and student loans.    For the first time in our country's history, we have a student loan debt crisis that exceeds credit card debt. That’s why I will support any proposal that puts the best interest of students first and will not create additional burdens. We must do all that we can to protect students from devastatingly high interest rates.    College is a part of the American dream – it shouldn't be a part of the American financial nightmare.   #DontDoubleMyRate
Our vets who have fought on the front lines shouldn’t have to stand in a long line for the care & benefits they’ve earned. I’m fighting for vets care that’s available, accessible, reliable & undeniable and working to break the claims backlog at the VA.   In Baltimore today, I unveiled my Checklist for Change to end the backlog & announced funds in the federal checkbook to support vets health and care.
As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, today we took real action to tackle the VA claims backlog passing a 10-point action plan in the MilCon/VA bill. When our vets return from war, they shouldn’t have to face a quagmire of bureaucracy in getting their disability claims processed.   We need a fire in the belly to end  the backlog. This action plan is real progress, but more needs to be done. Our wounded warriors can’t wait.
Thirty years ago today I watched Sally Ride blast off as the first American woman in space - breaking barriers and inspiring generations of women & girls. Her legacy lives on today. For the first time ever, NASA’s new astronaut class is 50 percent women!
Penny Pritzker is an experienced and respected business leader.  She is also a good corporate citizen, supporting education and cultural institutions in Chicago.  She knows how to create jobs – and will bring new energy and ideas to the Department of Commerce.  
 
 I look forward to supporting her nomination and working with her at the Department of Commerce to create jobs, support businesses and get our economy rolling through manufacturing and trade.
Refreshing & reforming education for our kids is critical to their success and preparing them for jobs tomorrow. I'm pleased the Senate HELP Committee voted to pass the Strengthening America's Schools Act  to update #ESEA and improve our schools, putting children on a path to success.
I just supported I [heart] Equal Pay! by adding a badge to my profile picture. Please show your support too! http://twb.ly/1825SiK
Today as a cosponsor of the Student Loan Affordability Act, I'll vote to take action to stop student loans from doubling on July 1 for 105,000 Maryland students, squeezing middle class families. This fully paid-for bill will stop a federal loan rate hike so students can continue to achieve the American dream.
As our nation continues to look at how best to create jobs, how best to sustain jobs and how best to support high-paying jobs, we must look at how best to educate the children who will make up tomorrow’s workforce. That's why I joined with Chairman Tom Harkin to introduce the Strengthening America's Schools Act of 2013, a bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  If we educate and prepare children well, they can be anything. If we do not educate and prepare them well, they will fail – and we will have failed them.
Today I’m proud to be joined by my colleagues to announce the formation of the bipartisan Senate Caucus on Poland to promote and strengthen the endearing and enduring relationship between the United States and Poland.   My Polish heritage has given me an identity and a set of beliefs that make me the Senator I am with a belief in freedom, a belief in people, and a belief that we must always speak truth to power. I will continue to fight in the U.S. Senate to strengthen the strong bond between America and Poland, bound together by shared values and working for a future of strong economic and security cooperation.
On Monday, June 3, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski participated in a ribbon cutting ceremony to officially open a new 23,000-square-foot addition to the Loch Raven VA Community Living & Rehabilitation Center in Baltimore.
Today I helped cut the ribbon to open a new addition to the Loch Raven VA Community Living & Rehabilitation Center in Baltimore. We have a sacred trust with those who have risked their lives so that we may live in freedom. Part of that sacred trust is making sure we provide our veterans with the care and benefits they have earned and deserve.  This expansion will ensure that our veterans continue to be served in body, mind and spirit. I will never stop fighting for the men and women in uniform who have honored our country by volunteering to serve. Today we are showing that promises made are promises kept.
Today, I lost a friend and New Shiloh Baptist Church and the City of Baltimore lost an iconic spiritual leader in Rev. Dr. Harold A. Carter, Sr.   For many years I have worshipped with Rev. Carter at New Shiloh and in doing so, could stay connected to a wonderful community and to its faith based values.   I remember his joy when we talked about his work to empower young people. I remember his lovely wife of 48 years Dr. Weptanomah W. Carter and his talented brother Dr. Nathan Carter who treated me like family. Today my prayers go out to his family, including his son Harold Carter Jr. following in his father’s footsteps, and the entire New Shiloh Baptist Church family.   Reflecting on his life and works as a spiritual giant, I can call him a legend in his own time.  Rev. Dr. Harold A. Carter Sr. was a gifted and talented man of God, and he will be deeply missed by so many.
As a social worker, I know first-hand the important role played in keeping families & communities together. From fighting for abused children & spouses to promoting early education, social workers are on the frontlines.  I introduced the Social Work Reinvestment Act to take on the shortage of social workers across the US who provide critical care to those in need.
As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, today I convened a roundtable discussion with members of the committee along with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, VA Secretary Eric Shinseki, SSA Acting Commissioner Carolyn Colvin and IRS Deputy Commissioner for Operations Support Beth Tucker to help end the veterans claims backlog. For too long, veterans have been caught up in red tape, with over 600K claims pending for over 125 days and 226K for over a year! I’m tired of excuses.  Following the roundtable, I was proud to announce that VA, DOD, IRS & SSA will work together with Congress to end the gridlock & break down smokestacks. This Memorial Day & every day, our vets deserve a government  on their side. Promises made must be promises kept.
Today I voted to take action to advance safeguards ensuring the security & safety of medical devices and our drug supply chain.  I'm proud the Senate HELP Committee unanimously passed a bipartisan solution to meet compelling human need that is achievable, affordable & doable.
My thoughts & prayers are with the people of Oklahoma whose families and homes were devastated by yesterday's storms. So thankful for dedicated 1st responders on the ground. In a time of great disaster, the American people are united for those seeking to recover lives & property.
Today I joined with Senators Kirsten Gillibrand, Susan Collins and Barbara Boxer to introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation to take action against sexual assault in our military ranks. From Tailhook to Fort Hood, sexual assault is not an isolated incident, it is a systemic and persistent problem.   This legislation will help change the culture in our fighting forces. It will ensure that victims of sexual assault are not victimized again by commanders that looks the other way. Our fighting women and men in uniform need to know they have a government and leadership on their side, and that sexual assault, rape and abuse will not be tolerated.
Each and every day, we are thankful for the service and sacrifice of all our veterans and their families. Our veterans who fought for our freedom shouldn’t have to fight for the recognition they have earned. I went to work to cut through the red tape and break through the bureaucracy to give WWII Navy Reserve vet Charles Mowbray the long-overdue honor he deserves. Today we’re demonstrating that a grateful nation never forgets.
This week I introduced the Small Business Tax Fraud Prevention Act, my bill to crack down on payroll service provider tax theft & fraud. As the backbone of our economy, small businesses victimized by scheming payroll service provider tax fraud need a government on their side.  Common sense reforms mean we will protect small businesses from being tax fraud victims & ensure they're not victimized again by IRS penalties & fees.
Had a good discussion today with Gates Foundation Co-Chair Bill Gates on the importance of international development & public private commitment to global health.
This week at Fort Meade, I helped break ground on the NSA's new high-tech computer center, which will help protect from cyber spies, terrorists and thugs. 
 
 Because of Maryland's incredible federal assets like the NSA, our dynamic private sector and iconic academic institutions, America's cyber defense starts in Maryland - making our country safer and Maryland's economy stronger.
The men and women of Naval Surface Warfare Center, Indian Head Division bring loyalty, honor, hard work and patriotism, true American values, to the job. I'm so proud to honor the Indian Head community, working day and night to keep us safe over here while protecting our troops over there.    Every day and in every way, they provide our fighting troops in uniform with the tools they need to keep us safe. I will continue to fight for the extraordinary workforce at Indian Head and their mission critical to our national security.
Today I cut the ribbon to open the new University of Baltimore Law School, an anchor institution for our community. Men & women who go to this law school will stay in our community, practice law in our community & seek justice for people who live in our community. The Constitution may guarantee access to a lawyer, but UB Law will guarantee access to a GREAT lawyer when you need one.
NA
Maryland’s small businesses are the backbone of our economy. My great-grandparents owned a local bakery and my father ran a grocery store. I learned how these businesses help weave social fabric by hiring local workers and investing in their communities. When small businesses are harmed, they need a government on their side.   Today I am taking action to protect our small businesses victimized by payroll service provider tax theft and fraud. Through common-sense reforms, we will protect small businesses victims from scheming tax theft and cut through the red-tape to ensure they are not victimized again by the IRS.
This has been a tough time for first responders. Firefighters, EMTs & local police were first on the scene when bombs went off in Boston and at the tragic Texas explosion. Today and each day we salute these brave men and women across Maryland and the nation who give up their time and their own efforts to keep us safe.  In Carroll County this week, I announced funds in the federal checkbook to protect our protectors working to keep us safe. New firefighting equipment means first responders will have the tools they need on the job when lives are on the line.
This week at a Senate Military Construction-Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee hearing, I insisted Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Shinseki expedite the claims process in Baltimore as staff there undergoes comprehensive training this month. Our veterans who have fought on the front lines shouldn't have to wait over a year in line for the benefits they have earned and deserve.
Possible sequester furloughs for thousands of NOAA employees would have real consequences on family livelihoods & weather safety. At the start of hurricane season, we need a weather service ready for duty to quickly issue warnings that protect lives & communities.
On Saturday, April 13, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski attended the FIRST Robotics regional competition in Baltimore, MD to see STEM education in action with science & technology leaders of tomorrow.
In my Politico op-ed with Senator Patty Murray & National Partnership for Women and Families President Debra Ness, we recommit to the fight for equal pay for equal work & the Paycheck Fairness Act.
Nearly 50 years after the Equal Pay Act, a woman still earns just 77 cents for every dollar a man working a comparable job makes.   That’s why I introduced the #PaycheckFairness Act, to close the wage gap & ensure equal pay for equal work once & for all.   While we wait for Congress to act, I'm joined by Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro in calling on President Obama to ban pay secrecy within federal contractors today.
NA
During the week of March 25, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski visited Hagerstown and Cumberland, Maryland and met with local business owners and elected officials to discuss her efforts to cancel sequester and support jobs.
Today I helped cut the ribbon to dedicate a new state-of-the-art Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic at Fort Meade, which will serve 80,000 veterans in Anne Arundel and Howard counties. We have a sacred trust with those who have risked their lives so we can live in freedom. Providing our veterans with quality, competent care ensures that promises made are promises kept.
Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) speaks at the dedication ceremony for the new Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic at Fort Meade. The new state-of-the-art facility will serve 80,000 veterans living in Anne Arundel and Howard counties.
I'm pleased that President Obama today designated a National Monument on Maryland's Eastern Shore to honor the life & legacy of Harriet Tubman. Today’s action is a big step as we move towards the establishment of National Historic Parks to honor her heroic works.
I’m fired up! The Senate today on a voice vote passed my Paycheck Fairness Amendment to the FY 2014 Senate Budget Resolution. This budget is a reflection of our values & priorities. And eliminating the wage gap should be one of those priorities. This morning, I urged my Senate colleagues to support equal pay for equal work. I believe that in America if you work hard & play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead.
Today at 11am, the Senate will vote to act on the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation I introduced to ensure equal pay for equal work. As we approach the 50th anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, women still earn just 77¢ for every dollar a man makes. 
 
 Join me in this fight. Make your voice heard & demand we end wage discrimination once & for all!
When a parent goes to work or to school they should have peace of mind and know that their little boy or girl is in a safe and healthy environment. As a social worker, I've seen the permanent scars that child abuse and neglect leaves on both the child and their family. That's why this week I cosponsored Senator Richard Burr's bipartisan Child Care Protection Act to help protect our children through prevention, intervention and deterrence of child abuse.
Working across the aisle & across the Dome, the Senate has come together to prevent a government shutdown. The Senate bill protects national security while also meeting compelling human needs, investing in jobs today & jobs tomorrow. I look forward to swift action in the House so we can focus on a budget, cancel sequester & get back to regular order.
Larry Simns courageously stood sentry for the watermen of the Chesapeake Bay for over 40 years. Today I spoke on the Senate floor on his legacy he leaves behind following his passing.
Today I visited NASA Goddard, home to leaders in Maryland’s space and innovation economies making discoveries that not only win Nobel Prizes, but create new products and jobs. I want to cancel the sequester and come up with a balanced solution with smart reforms to the tax code and mandatory spending while making strategic targeted cuts. It’s time for Congress to act with the fierce urgency of now and put an end to the politics of brinkmanship, shutdown, showdown, slamdown and avert a government shutdown.
Larry Simns stood sentry for the watermen of the Chesapeake Bay for over forty years and courageously carried their banner into the 21st century. He fought to preserve their traditions and their opportunity to work on the water like their forefathers.  He also had the tough challenge of helping them navigate a tough economy and difficult environmental factors facing our beloved Bay. He did not have an easy job.  He was a trusted advisor - candid and straightforward. We shared a profound confidence in the watermen of Maryland and their commitment to preserving the Bay for all our children. Because of Larry Simns and our watermen, many Marylanders have enjoyed the wonderful crabs and oysters that we are so famous for.  My thoughts and prayers are with Larry's family and friends, and his fellow watermen."
Today I welcomed Polish Ambassador Ryszard Schnepf to the U.S. Capitol to discuss the endearing & enduring ties between the US & Poland.
This week I was humbled and honored to be recognized by my long-time friends and colleagues on the Baltimore City Council. The lessons I learned from serving on the City Council have guided me in representing Baltimore and all of Maryland in the US Senate and House. Every day when I come home to Baltimore, I'm recommitted to looking out for the day-to-day needs of Maryland and the long-range needs of the nation.
This week I met with Melinda Gates of the Gates Foundation and CARE President Helene Gayle to discuss advancements in community health and ensuring access to care for women & girls around world.
Today I had a productive meeting with Anne Arundel County Executive Laura Neuman to discuss sequester, jobs and working for the day-to-day needs of Maryland families. I look forward to working together.
I’m at my battle station ready to work to get the job done. Sequester is the result of deadlock & gridlock. Congress can’t govern in a cycle of ultimatum & crisis. Today I told MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports that we need to end the politics of delay & brinksmanship.
The refreshed and reformed Violence Against Women Act meets a compelling human need by helping families, communities & police officers. I'm glad that it is now headed to the White House to be signed into law by President Obama. I was proud to cosponsor VAWA to bring new ideas & new approaches to empower victims & help prevent domestic violence & violence against women.
Today at 4pm I’ll join members of the Maryland Delegation in holding a Twitter Town Hall on the impact of sequester. You can follow me on Twitter at @SenatorBarb. Ask questions using the hashtag #AskMDDems.
You know what sequester will mean?  Across-the-board cuts. It will have a direct impact on America's prisons. Oh, sure, the prisoners will still have their food. They'll still have their hour to be able to do their exercise. But the prison guards will face furloughs, layoffs and even reductions in the workforce. We're placing them at risk while they protect us from risk  I want to cancel the sequester and come up with a balanced solution of revenues and strategic targeted cuts, not across-the-board cuts to 1,300 correctional guards that might face layoffs. We need to be able to have the right law enforcement at federal and state levels to catch the bad guys, whether it's white-collar crime, like mortgage fraud, or street crime, or despicable things like trafficking women and children.
As we look at solving sequester, there are those who want to protect lavish tax break earmarks for a few who can take a tax deduction on their corporate jets. I’m standing up for the many. I’m for the people working every day at our federal labs to find cures for Alzheimer’s, Autism & AIDS.
Sequester will have a devastating impact, causing ripple effects across our economy and costing the U.S. a million jobs we can’t afford to lose. We need a balanced approach to reducing our debt & deficit through tax reforms, strategic cuts to mandatory spending & credit for the hard cuts that have already been made.   The new White House sequester report details the real impacts in real communities with real consequences across Maryland and the nation.
On Wednesday, February 20, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) visited the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to discus the devastating impact of sequester to community health, innovation and jobs.
Today I was joined by members of national civil rights organizations & Congressional leaders in calling for Congress to act on our bill to establish Harriet Tubman national parks. Harriet Tubman was a courageous American hero – she bore the lash, bore the pain, then came back to run the freedom train.   As we mark Black History month, let’s get Congress to act & establish these parks to honor the legacy of Harriet Tubman.
Senator Mikulski joined with national civil rights organizations and Congressional leaders in calling for action on legislation to establish two national parks to honor the life and legacy of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” on the Underground Railroad.
Today I joined with my colleague Senator Ben Cardin to collect the spoils of our Super Bowl wager with California Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein. On Sunday night, the Ravens and the 49ers gave America the thrill of a lifetime! 34-31! Right down to the last minute.  We were so pumped. So fired up. Our own Ravens flew high, they soared all over Baltimore - and now we are the world champions!
NA
$8.6 million in federal community development block grant funding is coming to Maryland to help those hit by Super-Storm Sandy to rebuild lives, livelihoods & communities. I saw first-hand those on the Lower Shore working to recover & rebuild and fought hard to expand CDBG funding in the face of this terrible disaster.
Three cheers for the Baltimore Ravens who have brought the Lombardi Trophy back to Baltimore! They won the AFC Championship and now they have taken the Super Bowl.  Baltimore is a world-class city with world-class fans. We had the momentum going in and our Ravens stomped all over the 49ers! Today’s win is a fitting tribute to the career of Ray Lewis. The Ravens are flying high and I look forward to welcoming them back to Baltimore to celebrate their victory!
This week I was joined by my friend and colleague Senator Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) on MSNBC to discuss our fight for the Paycheck Fairness Act and why it's time to have equal pay for equal work.   We also made a wager to support our teams heading into the Super Bowl this Sunday. I'm looking forward to California crabs and wine courtesy of Senators Boxer and Feinstein after the Ravens fly high to victory!
The very first bill Pres Johnson introduced was to guarantee equal pay for equal work for women. He did that as the first bill because he thought it would be the easiest to pass. Well, 50 years later we are still being redlined, sidelined and pink slipped because we fight for equal pay for equal work.   The Paycheck Fairness Act is about our families and our economy. It is about bread-and-butter decisions. We want to change the law books so we can put more money in the family checkbook and more money into our economy. I want to make sure that the dream of 50 years ago that was started by Pres Johnson is rectified in the passage of this legislation.
Women fight every day for equal pay. When they do, they’re sidelined, redlined or even pink slipped. Right now in the marketplace it is legal to fire a woman if she asks about her pay, whether she goes to the personnel director or if she asks the person next to her at the water cooler.   While we work to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act in Congress, we must ensure that contractors doing business with the United States government are not retaliating against hardworking Americans for discussing salary information. This is unfair and it’s un-American.
Today Senator Cardin & I challenged Senators Feinstein & Boxer of California to a high-stakes wager as the Ravens & 49ers head to the Super Bowl. We're so confident that the Ravens will bring back the Lombardi trophy we've put Faidley's crab cakes, Heavy Seas beer and Berger cookies on the line.  And so they won't look so ruffled after the Ravens fly high to victory, I'm even throwing in a can of one of Baltimore's favorite hair sprays!   While the 49ers may come in red and gold, they'll be seeing nothing but purple when they leave!
Baltimore comes together this morning to cheer on our Ravens headed to the Super Bowl! The Ravens are a first-rate team & I'm looking forward to bringing the Lombardi Trophy back to Baltimore!  WBAL TV has the rally live: http://www.wbaltv.com/news/sports/ravens/LIVE-at-11-30-Ravens-sendoff-rally/-/10042718/18303400/-/15onky/-/index.html
Four years ago on January 22, 2009, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act passed the Senate. Today, women still earn just 77 cents for every dollar a man makes. 
 
 I’ll introduce the Paycheck Fairness Act to stop wage discrimination from happening in the first place. 
 
 Lilly Ledbetter kept the courthouse doors open. Now it's time to finish the job by passing the #PaycheckFairness Act!
Honored to witness history with my friend and colleague Senator Ben Cardin as we commemorated the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. at the swearing in of President Barack Obama for a second term.
This week in Hyattsville, I stood with the hardworking civil servants at the Treasury Department's Financial Management Service to announce a 5-year delay in moving 450 jobs out of Prince George's County. I fought hard with Team Maryland to keep these jobs here so the dedicated workers at FMS have time to make big decisions affecting their lives, their careers and their families.
On Wednesday, January 16, 2013, Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) visited the City of Crisfield on Maryland's Eastern Shore to see first-hand recovery efferts following Super-Storm Sandy. Senator Mikulski toured Main Street to view damage and meet with small business owners and residents working to recover. Following her tour, Senator Mikulski visited the Disaster Recovery Center to meet with those working to help the City recover and announce her continued support for the people of Crisfield.
Today I spoke at the opening session of the Maryland General Assembly on behalf of Maryland's Congressional Delegation.
 
 Team Maryland is on your side in every county & every community, working to protect the day to day needs of all Marylanders. The next 90 days in the State House will be our rendezvous with destiny.
I was glad to be joined by a historic number of Senate women in the 113th Congress for a discussion with Diane Sawyer of ABC News.
ABC News did a nice page on the advice women Senators would give to boys and girls.
Thanks to the efforts of Team Maryland, today I’m proud to announce the Treasury Department and GSA have delayed their plan to move 450 jobs out of Prince George’s County until 2019.   This is good news for Prince George’s Co., for Maryland and for the duty driven civil servants at the Hyattsville FMS facility dedicated to good government and public service.
Today I was glad to escort my friend & colleague Senator Ben Cardin as he was sworn in by Vice President Biden to continue representing Maryland in the Senate.
As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am deeply disappointed that the House failed to act last night on emergency relief for communities devastated by Super-Storm Sandy.   The bipartisan disaster assistance bill passed by the Senate provides resources to help recover and rebuild American lives and communities. It is long past time that communities in Maryland, New York, New Jersey and across the nation get the resources and support they need from their federal government. We’ve got businesses that need to restart and homes that need to be rebuilt. The TV cameras have left, but the compelling human need has not.  I am committed to helping the communities that were hit by Super-Storm Sandy. I will make enacting a supplemental bill an urgent priority in the new Congress.
