My reason #1 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Being home with family on Christmas Day.
My reason #2 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Sandhill cranes over the Rio Grande http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drDUxF9FsW0#t=33
My reason #3 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Dances at the Pueblos
My reason #4 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Most of the “reindeer” are locals.
My reason #5 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: You can choose between skiing powder in Taos or tanning on powdered gypsum at White Sands.
My reason #6 why the holidays in New Mexico can't be beat: Harvesting a Christmas tree from your National Forest lands
My reason #7 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat:
I had great interns in my offices this fall. Thank you Naomie Germain, Carielle Bahe, J.T. Knight, and Jaclyn Page for your hard work and service to New Mexico. If you're interested in applying for an internship, please visit my website: http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/helping-you/internships
I completely agree - New Mexicans are winners when it comes to gaining more access to Valles Caldera.
My reason #8 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Where else can you argue for hours over whether the decorations are luminarias or farolitos?
My reason #9 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: The smell of piñon in the fireplace
My reason #10 why the holidays in New Mexico can’t be beat: Christmas wouldn’t be “Christmas” w/o Red AND Green chile.
Congratulations to The University of New Mexico - UNM and New Mexico State University women’s swim teams for placing at this weekend’s UNLV Swim Invitational.
I understand and appreciate that years of effort have gone into the proposal to buyout a gravel mining contract outside of Santa Clarita, California. However, the Soledad Canyon Settlement Act uses the sale of 10,000 acres of public land as a budget offset to pay for the buyout, which is of great concern to me. Within the context of efforts across the West to sell off our shared lands to the highest bidder, this provision sets a dangerous precedent. If land sales can be used as a budget offset, our public lands will become Congress' piggy bank. I am confident there is a reasonable path forward—one that eliminates the threat of gravel mining in this treasured area in California, without setting a dangerous precedent for future land-grab schemes.
I was glad to thank Jonathan Greenblatt for his service to our country as the head of the Office Social Innovation and Civic Participation at the White House. He has been engaging communities to find innovative ways to approach our most pressing challenges. I am especially impressed with the initiative he has taken to support AmeriCorps, which is an organization I hold near to my heart. I am confident he'll be doing great things in his new position at the Anti-Defamation League. #selfie
Julie took this great photo of Carter and Micah settling in for a long night in the Capitol. Late night sessions are made into easy work with great moral support like this!
Quality and affordable health care is within reach for New Mexicans now more than ever before. If you enrolled through the Health Care Marketplace last year, you will need to reenroll for next year by December 15 in order to avoid a gap in coverage. Start here:
I hope you'll take a moment to read my op-ed in The Santa Fe New Mexican on the Senate Intelligence Committee’s study of the CIA’s detention and interrogation program.
I look forward to serving on the Senate Armed Service Committee to ensure our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to keep our nation safe and to fulfill the promises we've made to those who serve. There are a number of evolving national security challenges that the United States and our allies must confront around the world, particularly in the Middle East, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. This committee will be instrumental in crafting the policies and the budget to confront those challenges. New Mexico is home to several military installations - Kirtland Air Force Base, Holloman Air Force Base, Cannon Air Force Base, Fort Bliss, and White Sands Missile Range - and two major national laboratories and the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant. New Mexico plays a pivotal role in our national security, and I will continue to be a strong advocate for our personnel and missions in my role on this committee.
One of my favorite photos of the Columbine-Hondo by local photographer Jim O'Donell
I discussed the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on the CIA’s detention and interrogation program on msnbc's The Rundown with Jose Diaz Balart. Here's the clip:
This view is out of this world.
Releasing the Intelligence Committee's study of the CIA's detention and interrogation program to the American people today will finally provide a thorough accounting of what happened and how it happened.  In addition, I hope that this process helps to ensure that it never, ever happens again. Torture is wrong; it is un-American; and it doesn't work.
Computer Science Education week is about equipping our students to compete for the jobs of the future. Try an #hourofcode with your family.
My staff will be helping residents with issues involving federal agencies today from 11 a.m. to 12 p.m. in Lordsburg and 1 to 3 p.m. in Silver City.
I saw some friends from the Los Alamos County Council and Los Alamos Historical Society. We are all excited about boosting tourism in New Mexico with the Manhattan Project National Historic Park and the Valles Caldera National Preserve.
Discussed Santa Ana Pueblo's wildlife and rangeland conservation efforts with Governor Montoya and other tribal members today.
The Quality of Life Initiative has moved this community in a direction of prosperity and success through civic engagement and collaboration at a grassroots level. I’ve had a chance to see firsthand some of its positive outcomes, and I am especially proud my office has been a part of it. #SFSouthsideStrong
American ingenuity, determination, and leadership keeps us pushing forward and exploring. #Orion
There’s a big New Mexico Lobos and New Mexico NM State Aggies game tonight. Who are you rooting for?
We are closer than ever to making historic gains in protecting some of New Mexico's most treasured landscapes. From designating the Columbine-Hondo as wilderness, increasing public access to the Valles Caldera, and establishing the Manhattan National Historical Park, to streamlining the oil and gas drilling permit process, these provisions will have a significant impact on growing our economy. Thanks to years of effort and support from the local communities, our state will have new destinations for families and visitors to enjoy.
Pat Baca and Sam King both passed away. I was lucky enough to know them both. They will be missed by many across this great state, and I hope we all keep the Baca and King families in our thoughts and prayers.
Last week, I voted against legislation authorizing construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Rather than mandating the construction of oil pipelines for private foreign corporations, we should be focused on supporting domestic energy production that creates permanent American jobs. Here's an op-ed Senator Tom Udall and I wrote on why this issue is so important:
Wishing everyone a safe and happy #Thanksgiving.
Good news for Navajo Technical University. By increasing access to education programs and job training, especially telemedicine, we improve the quality of life and future economic prospects for our communities.
Building a carbon fiber, solar-powered car and racing it across the country was one of my most memorable experiences as an engineering student. I’m glad to see young students showing an interest in science and technology. #STEM
Nice article by Taos News on the broad community support for the Columbine Hondo Wilderness Act. http://www.taosnews.com/news/article_0fd24716-70e7-11e4-ac30-9f550eb8edf2.html
The President's proposal is a good first step toward fixing our nation's broken immigration system. However, only Congress can finish the job and fix the entire immigration system.  Last year, the Senate passed a common-sense, bipartisan immigration bill that dramatically increases resources at our nation's border, will grow our economy, and prioritizes keeping families together. Yet here we are, more than 500 days later, and Speaker Boehner still refuses to allow a vote on this legislation. That's not leadership, it's obstruction.    As the son of an immigrant, I know how important reform is for families across New Mexico. Our immigrant communities have helped write the economic, social, and cultural story of America. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass a permanent solution to fix our nation's broken immigration system. America will be better for it.
The bill I introduced this week will help to build a "front door," literally and figuratively, where the community can interact directly with the scientists and engineers who are our laboratory's greatest assets.  This will eliminate many of the barriers that have historically limited commercial technology transfer and incentivize the private sector jobs that result from successful commercialization projects.
This debate is not about a pipeline. It's really about market signals. A vote to approve Keystone sends the signal that carbon pollution and climate are not serious economic concerns and that even the dirtiest fuels, such as tar sands, are a good place to invest capital. A vote against Keystone sends the signal that our government is taking the science of climate change and risk analysis seriously, and that the smarter investments are on the low-carbon and sustainable fuels of the future. We have a small and closing window to avoid economically disastrous climate impacts. My vote against Keystone reflects that reality.
My Republican colleagues would do well not to follow the lead of Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Congressman Steve Pearce (R-NM) on the issue of net neutrality. In fact, net neutrality has been the status quo for years and has led to enormous innovation and explosive economic growth.  Most Americans believe we should protect the Internet freedom that has not only allowed the web to flourish, but also makes it possible for small New Mexico businesses, entrepreneurs, and start-ups to compete on a level playing field with huge corporations and industry incumbents. I hope you’ll join me in continuing to support #NetNeutrality.
Carl Sagan once said...  “We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows about science and technology.”   I feel fortunate enough to represent a state whose history and identity is so intertwined with science.
I understand and share the frustration with the lack of progress in passing comprehensive immigration reform. I support the president using his existing legal authority to address this issue, but whatever steps he takes will not be a replacement for congressional action. Passing a permanent solution to fix our nation's broken immigration system is long overdue. New Mexicans are eager for a solution, DREAM Act students deserve a solution, and our economy requires a solution.
Festival of the Cranes at Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge is this week, Nov. 18-23. Celebrate wildlife and attend some great events at the refuge and in Socorro.
It may not solve all our differences, but it’s a good opportunity to bring everyone to the table … literally.
It's special places like the Columbine-Hondo that inspire us all to continue to work together to ensure our public lands are protected now and for generations to come. New Mexicans have a deep connection to the outdoors and benefit from the recreation, wildlife, water, and tourism opportunities that wilderness provide. I want to thank the community of northern New Mexico who has worked incredibly hard to permanently protect this area. Today marks an important step toward ensuring that happens.
New Mexicans have made it clear that they want to protect net neutrality. The Internet must remain open and conducive to free expression, innovation, and competition, not a tiered system based on financial relationships with Internet service providers. #NetNeutrality
This is a momentous breakthrough for space exploration.
Watersheds sustain life, in more ways than one. They help supply our drinking water, support our agriculture, boost our outdoor recreation economy, and provide habitat for countless plants and animals across New Mexico. This common sense proposal would partner communities and stakeholders to find ways to protect and restore our critical watersheds in New Mexico. As climate change continues to threaten our forests, lakes, streams, and rivers through drought and increased flooding and devastating wildfires, it will be important now more than ever to do everything we can to protect our water.
Quality and affordable health care is within reach for many New Mexicans now more than ever before. My office is co-hosting a heath care information event at Chaparral Elementary School from 2:30 to 6:30 p.m. tomorrow. Information and assistance will be available in English and in Spanish. Everyone is welcome to attend.
Few sacrifices are as selfless as those our military service men and women make in defense of our country. We owe our veterans and their loved ones more than a debt of gratitude -- we owe them action in both our words and deeds. I join communities across New Mexico in celebrating our nation's veterans today and thanking them for their invaluable service to our country.
For #VeteransDay the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service are honoring our service men and women by waiving entrance fees.
It was great to celebrate the F-16 display that commemorates the long, storied history and remarkable service of the 150th Fighter Wing known as Tacos. The Tacos served our country bravely, and New Mexico’s Air National Guard continues to play a key role in our country’s military readiness and national security.
Traveled to Valencia County today to discuss economic development. The Valencia Flour Mill is a family-owned small business that helps contribute to the local economy, and they celebrated their 100th anniversary this year. I also met with students and faculty at the UNM-Valencia Campus where we discussed education and career training programs to help job seekers learn the skills they need for New Mexico's tech and health care industries.
The Aztec Ruins National Monument’s new pedestrian trail and bridge will provide visitors with easy access to the monument’s historical, cultural, and natural resources, and help boost tourism opportunities.
For those of us who love all things mechanical, the world will never be quite the same without Tom Magliozzi of Click and Clack's the Tappet Brothers. Like NPR listeners across America, I may need to buy a Dodge Dart convertible just to cope. Car Talk
Toured the New Mexico Spatiotemporal Modeling Center and Brain and Behavioral Health Institute at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center today where they're doing great work to advance brain and behavioral health research.
Our Native American tribes have enriched our culture, our history, and make valuable contributions to the country. #NAHM2014
Our economy and our workforce are stronger when we reward an honest day's work with fair wages. And when workers succeed, New Mexico families succeed.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the pilots of #SpaceShipTwo and their families during this difficult time. This tragedy is a reminder of the incredible risks pilots make in the effort to expand our discovery of space. Their courage and bravery will serve as an inspiration for others to follow as we continue to meet the challenge of space exploration.
Have a safe and happy Halloween!
Need help with a federal agency? My staff will be available at Del Rio Senior Center in Belen from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Fostering an environment where students have the tools to succeed promotes equity, innovation, creativity, and is good for the future of our economy. These investments will yield immeasurable contributions for children and teachers, and will improve learning experiences in the classroom for hundreds of New Mexico students.
Tune in to my interview on public lands with On Point Radio today at 8am MT / 10am ET here:
NM provides the testing and operational grounds to deliver some of the most adventurous explorations in existence today.
Improving the quality of life for Santa Fe’s south side has been a true collaborative effort in the community, and I am pleased to be part of it.
America’s forests, wildlife refuges and conservation lands are part of the fabric of our democracy. Let’s keep them that way.
Did you know that a lot of computing pioneers, the ones who programmed the first digital computers, were women? #STEM
Protecting Native American seeds isn't just about preserving indigenous crops and strengthening an already deep connection to the past, but could also have significant health benefits.  http://www.takepart.com/article/2014/10/20/native-american-seeds
Investments in job-driven training and education programs will allow colleges across New Mexico to better prepare students to help fill New Mexico’s expanding health care and technology workforce needs.
New Mexicans have a deep connection to the outdoors and benefit from the recreation, wildlife, water, and tourism opportunities that wilderness provide. It’s special places like the Columbine-Hondo that inspire us all to continue to work together to ensure our public lands are protected now and for generations to come. #Wilderness50
It's nice to see the Rio Grande running high and the cottonwoods turning.
Proud to present Los Alamos with the Google eCity Award at the Los Alamos Cooperative Market today. This award recognizes the entrepreneurial spirit New Mexico is known for and encourages business communities across our state to increase their online presence. Los Alamos has proven that its reach extends well beyond the store front. Congratulations!
You can't drive through San Antonio NM without stopping for a Buckhorn Burger
On the road in Doña Ana County
Glad to deliver remarks at the International Symposium for Personal and Commercial Spaceflight today. New Mexico is well positioned to contribute to America's overall space strategy and propel the industry forward. Our state is home to the assets, capabilities, and talent necessary to lead the industry and support the most ambitious commercial ventures.
I visited the Mountain View Market in Las Cruces today to talk about the importance of raising the federal minimum wage to $10.10 for all workers. Raising the minimum wage is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the wellbeing of New Mexico children. #RaiseTheWage
Honored to speak at the National Wilderness Conference last tonight and welcome advocates from across the country to New Mexico as we not only mark the past 50 years of the Wilderness Act, but also look toward the future of protecting America's most treasured natural landscapes for generations to come. The local economy will benefit from the nearly 1,000 guests who will be attending the conference this week. With New Mexico's rich history of conservation, I can't think of a better place to celebrate this incredible milestone.
Joined U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx in Albuquerque today, to tour the Paseo I-25 Interchange Reconstruction Project. We also announced $8 million in Federal Land Access Program funds for transportation improvements leading to the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge in the South Valley. Investments in public transit, roads, and alternative forms of transportation help increase economic development and tourism opportunities.
I had a wonderful visit to the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge. I especially enjoyed meeting members of the Native American Urban Youth Corps and partners from La Plazita and Rio Grande Bird Research, Inc. And thank you for the informative tour by Refuge Manager Jennifer Owen-White. Making the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge a reality has truly been a community effort and is representative of New Mexico's tremendous role in preserving America's outdoor heritage.
Touring OptiSource, a local photonics manufacturing facility in Albuquerque. #innovation
Raising the minimum wage is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the well-being of New Mexico children. Share if you agree it's time to #RaiseTheWage
Balloon glow or early morning liftoff?  How do you enjoy the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta?
A momentous day for marriage equality! #MarriageMomentum #SCOTUS 
Congratulations to the The Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce for receiving the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce’s 2014 Chamber of Year Award. I am grateful for their efforts to strengthen the Hispanic business community in Albuquerque and provide important workforce training for students and job seekers. Well deserved!
Since the passage of the Violence Against Women Act, domestic violence has dropped by almost two-thirds, but there are still victims living in fear. During Domestic Violence Awareness Month, let us come together to speak out against domestic violence and help those in need. If you or a loved one needs assistance, call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE.  #DVAM
I'll be live on air with KTAOS and the Community Against Violence this morning at 9:30am MT. Listen to 101.9 FM or stream live here:    #DVAM #ENDV 
Our service members from Fort Bliss will play a critically important role in the United States' effort to stop Ebola at its source in West Africa. These brave men and women and their families will continue to be in my thoughts, and I join all New Mexicans in expressing my sincere gratitude for their service.  With the Ebola epidemic intensifying across West Africa and the diagnosis of the first case in the United States, we cannot relent. As we monitor this situation, it's important to remember that safety measures are in place that will provide the best care possible to the diagnosed individual in Texas.   We can control the spread of Ebola, but we must continue to ensure our service members, the Center for Disease Control, and other public health agencies working on the front lines here and abroad have the resources needed to prevent further growth of this outbreak and keep Americans safe. This effort is and must be a global effort.  Through vigilance and collaboration with our global partners, I am confident we can meet this challenge and contain this disease.
This funding will allow colleges across New Mexico to provide workers with quality job training to help fill New Mexico’s expanding health care and technology workforce needs. Investments in education and job training will have a significant and lasting impact on our economy and ensure all New Mexicans have the skills they need to compete for quality jobs.
Aldo Leopold had it right when he said: "Wilderness is the one kind of playground which mankind cannot build to order…” Share your public lands photos to celebrate #NationalPublicLandsDay.
Our technology sector is doing amazing work. The solar panels on NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Mars #Maven explorer were originally developed by Sandia National Laboratories and designed by EMCORE Corporation in Albuquerque. #NMTrue #techtransfer 
This investment will help better manage regional transportation, ease congestion, and support a more coordinated transit network for workers attracted to the expanding job centers in Santa Teresa.  As our state continues to grow as an international trade center, the Santa Teresa Port of Entry will be key in sustaining the diversity of our economy. 
The right to vote is a cornerstone of our democracy, and a responsibility of citizenship. For National Voter Registration Day, honor our right to vote by registering and making your voice heard. #CelebrateNVRD
Proud to participate in NO H8 Campaign's #NOH8onTheHill photo shoot. I enthusiastically support marriage equality. Depriving gay and lesbian couples of marriage rights denies them of their dignity and the promise of equal treatment under the law. We must continue to push toward full equality for all Americans.
Largest mobilization against climate change in the history of the planet. Is anyone in the Republican Party listening? #PeoplesClimate #ActOnClimate  
New Mexico leading the way in innovation.  
Today I spoke on the Senate Floor to commemorate the 50th Anniversaries of the Wilderness Act and the Land and Water Conservation Fund. What does #Wilderness mean to you? 
It was great to talk to a student from Albuquerque High School about her project on constitutional issues that effect our community. #ConstitutionDay2014
It was National Lab Day on Capitol Hill yesterday.  Los Alamos National Laboratory and Sandia National Labs employ some of the best and brightest minds in the country and are indispensable to our national security.
New Mexicans are not strangers to hard work, and we embrace the belief that if you work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead. But working full time at the current minimum wage leaves too many families struggling to make ends meet. It’s time to raise the federal minimum wage and ensure that every American has a fair shot to succeed in this country. #RaiseTheWage  
These graphs from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) show all you need to know about climate change. First, over time Earth’s temperature has tracked CO2 levels in the atmosphere almost perfectly. Second, those CO2 levels in the atmosphere have skyrocketed since the industrial revolution. These facts are represented by reams and reams of data. It’s not prudent to bet against science. We need to start taking action, implement a wiser energy future, and invest in innovation. #ActOnClimate
Today, we mark the beginning of Hispanic Heritage Month and celebrate the achievements and immeasurable contributions that Hispanic-Americans make every day to shape and enrich our nation. From serving in our Armed Forces, to starting businesses that strengthen our economy, to fighting for civil rights, the Hispanic community helps build a stronger, more resilient America. In New Mexico, we're proud of our Hispanic culture and heritage and all that this community has contributed to our state's rich history.   I remain deeply committed to addressing the issues that matter most to Hispanics in our state -- such as investing in early childhood education, gaining access to quality health care services, raising the minimum wage, ensuring equal pay for equal work, making college more affordable, and fixing our broken immigration system once and for all. I am proud to be a partner of New Mexico's Hispanic community in the Senate, and look forward to working together to build a better New Mexico.
Most working women today will not see equal pay during their working lives. We need to fix this and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.
Over the past two decades the Violence Against Women Act has significantly reduced domestic violence by funding programs that protect women and children from abuse. On the 20th Anniversary of VAWA let’s continue moving forward in our efforts to #ProtectAllWomen.
One of the earliest things I learned in my education as an engineer is that science doesn't really care if you believe in it or not. #actonclimate
Honored to join so many AmeriCorps members and fellow alums at The White House today with my wife, Julie, to celebrate the 20th Anniversary of the program.
Today our nation pauses to remember those who lost their lives during the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. We will never forget them or the brave first responders who risked their lives to help their fellow Americans. I keep the families of those who lost loved ones 13 years ago in my thoughts, and share my sincere gratitude for the troops and veterans who made tremendous sacrifices since 9/11 and those that are currently serving our country both at home and abroad.
I remain adamantly opposed to returning American combat troops to battlegrounds in the Middle East, but I believe the President's counterterrorism strategy outlined tonight makes sense and stands in stark contrast to the previous wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  ISIL has barbarically killed and tortured innocent civilians, including Americans. There currently does not exist a more extreme terrorist group than ISIL, and they are well funded, well armed, and have no intention of stopping until their goals are realized.  Assembling an international coalition to destroy ISIL through air power and the training of partner forces is a pragmatic and powerful approach. I'm encouraged that President Obama has insisted on support from Arab allies and that Iraq form a more inclusive regime that is representative of all its people. These elements are critical to destroying ISIL and to ensuring the United States does not become entangled in another decade-long-war in the Middle East.
It’s World Suicide Prevention Day. No matter what it is, it's always ok to #AskForHelp.
Supreme Court decisions like Citizens United have eroded the integrity of our political process and the public's faith in our leaders to do what's right for the American people. We’ve already seen the influence unlimited campaign contributions has on derailing important issues that matter to working families in New Mexico – such as raising the federal minimum wage, ensuring equal pay for equal work, reducing student loan interest rates, and fixing our broken immigration system. I stand with Senator Tom Udall and commend him for championing legislation to reform our campaign finance laws and to amend the Constitution to make clear that Congress can set sensible limits on campaign contributions.
Glad to see Las Cruces taking the initiative on raising the minimum wage. It’s time to #raisethewage.
This summer I read “The Big Burn” by Timothy Egan, which walks through the history of the creation of the National Forests and tells the stories of Teddy Roosevelt, Gifford Pinchot, and the big fire of 1910. Tonight, American Experience premiers a closer look at “The Big Burn” on PBS. 
The United States Senate Youth Program not only provides delegates with the chance to represent our state in our nation’s capital, but it also helps instill a lifelong commitment to public service and provides them with a college scholarship to help with tuition costs. I encourage New Mexico students interested in learning about the U.S. Senate and our federal government to apply for this fantastic opportunity. 
An excellent commentary that provides a very clear explanation of the complexity of the situation in the Middle East. 
If we want to be successful attracting outside investment, first we need to show that we are willing to invest in our own citizens. That should start with our kids and specifically early childhood education. 
Today, we mark the 50th Anniversary of the Wilderness Act.  New Mexico is, on many levels, the birthplace of American conservation policy. It was Aldo Leopold and the people of southwest New Mexico who imagined a new model of land conservation in advocating for making the Gila the nation's first wilderness area in 1924, and it was Senator Clinton P. Anderson and Interior Secretary Stewart Udall who helped shepherd to passage the Wilderness Act in 1964.  But this 50th Anniversary is not just about the past, the future of Wilderness Areas across New Mexico will depend on the continued collaborative efforts of our communities, elected officials, and organizations who work to protect our treasured natural landscapes. I look forward to continuing New Mexico’s wilderness legacy that preserves our public lands, wildlife, and wilderness for future generations to enjoy.  
The Daily Times reports on my trip to San Juan County. 
On this Labor Day, let us pay tribute to the hard working men and women across the country who are the cornerstones of our economy and the building blocks of our middle class. I am committed to ensuring working families have a fair shot to get ahead, including raising the minimum wage. When our workforce in New Mexico and around the nation succeed, we all thrive. I wish you and your family a happy and safe holiday.
NM-14: No wonder it's a Scenic Byway.
At the Aztec Ruins National Monument getting a first-hand look at the recent construction of a pedestrian trail and bridge. The two projects connect visitors from downtown Aztec to the National Monument.
Touring the construction site of the new San Juan College School of Energy. The new 50,000 square foot complex, which is scheduled for completion next year, will house all energy degree and certificate programs under one facility.
Visiting WESST, a statewide small business development and training organization in Farmington that assists New Mexico entrepreneurs build and expand their businesses.
Great to interview with Scott Michlin of KSJE Radio in Farmington.
Discussing tech-transfer and commercialization in Albuquerque today at Qynergy, a company that collaborates with inventors, customers, industry partners, and research centers to identify innovative technology and mature it to be ready for low volume manufacturing.
If you are interested in applying to one of the United States Service Academies, my staff will be available to help answer questions tonight at a Military Service Academy Information Session in Las Cruces from 6 to 8 p.m. at Centennial High School. For more info for parents and students about the nomination process, visit:  
Discussing the new south side Santa Fe VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic with KOAT. The new clinic is more than double the size of the old one, and will provide better access to veterans with disabilities, offer more parking, and provide improved primary care and mental health services. 
Touring the STEMulus Center at CNM Central New Mexico Community College and discussing how education and training offered here helps students gain the skills needed to compete for the jobs of tomorrow.
A special guest from the ABQ BioPark makes an appearance at the  Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce luncheon today.
A busy day in Santa Fe discussing everything from water management, to wildfire prevention, education, veterans care, manufacturing, and growing the local economy.
Nearly 200 species of birds can be found in the various ecosystems at the Randall Davey Audubon Center & Sanctuary in Santa Fe.
On Women’s Equality Day, we’re reminded not only of the courageous leaders throughout history who fought for women's rights, but also of the unfinished work we still need to do. Let’s continue to tear down barriers that deny women a fair shot at success--like equal pay for equal work--because when we do, the possibilities are endless for what they can achieve.
Congrats to New Mexico Tech for being recognized as one of the top 10 places to get an engineering degree in the nation. Engineering and STEM degrees have never been more important. 
UNM is making headlines! 
Chimayo? Hatch? Lemitar? What kind of green chile are you peeling this August?
I'm pleased to announce that NASA has awarded the New Mexico Space Grant Consortium $500,000 to support the Community College Technical Schools Student Launch Program, which enables students to create and design experiments and launch them into space from Spaceport America near Las Cruces. It has become increasingly important to engage students in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics, and it’s programs like the Student Launch Program that inspire students to innovate and give them the experience needed to compete in a global economy.  
I had a great group of interns in my Washington, D.C. office this summer. Thank you for all your hard work.
Having role models and leaders like Professor Mirzakhani helps inspire more women and girls to participate in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. #STEM 
Talked veterans care with Michael Kiefer, the West Texas VA Health Care System Director, and Dr. Larry Thompson, acting Chief of Staff, at the Hobbs Community Based Outpatient Clinic.
Roundtable discussion with Hobbs Mayor Sam Cobb and a dynamic group of community leaders to discuss economic development - including industry growth and quality of life initiatives.
All hands meeting at WIPP
Town hall meeting in Carlsbad to discuss recovery efforts at WIPP and address questions and concerns from the community.
Located in Artesia, the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center includes a full range of facilities for conducting basic and advanced training, including a program for Federal Air Marshals and Federal Flight Deck Officers.
Joined U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and  U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell at the Quadrennial Energy Review public meeting in Santa Fe to listen to the diverse voices from communities across New Mexico about how best we can benefit from our state's energy resources. Initiatives to help our country develop homegrown resources will produce both jobs and a healthier environment.
Sometimes dining in can't be beaten.
I will look closely at President Obama's decision to launch targeted airstrikes in Iraq, but I share New Mexicans' weariness about any expansion of U.S. involvement in Iraq and strongly oppose putting boots on the ground.  I have serious concerns for mission creep, which is why it's important that the President clearly articulate to Congress what our goal is.   I recognize that the threat from ISIS is real and extends to U.S. interests both in the Middle East and at home. There currently does not exist a more extreme terrorist group than ISIS — and they are well funded, well armed, and have no intention of stopping until their goals are realized. I support the President sending humanitarian aid to the thousands of stranded, displaced Iraqi civilians who face death by either starvation or slaughter at the hands of ISIS.   Now more than ever, it is imperative for Iraq to form a government that is representative of all its people and to take responsibility for its own security.
Making the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge a reality has truly been a community effort and is representative of New Mexico's tremendous role in preserving America's outdoor heritage. Our state is now home to the Southwest’s first urban national wildlife refuge--enriching not only the lives of our children and all who visit, but also strengthening the local economy. I commend Secretary Jewell for her unwavering support for full and permanent funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which makes projects like the Valle de Oro possible.
This year marks the 50th anniversary of the Wilderness Act, which has deep roots in New Mexico's history.  
Expanding the ability for New Mexicans to earn medical degrees and go through their residencies in-state increases the likelihood of doctors returning home to serve their communities.  
Today, I will be talking about the current CIA revelations with msnbc’s Andrea Mitchell Reports at 12 ET / 10 MT.
Instead of addressing the root causes and fixing our broken immigration system, too many people in Washington would rather exploit this Central American refugee crisis for election year gain. I have never been more disappointed in this Congress' failure to act.
The CIA inappropriately searched computers used by Senate Select Committee on Intelligence staff to prepare a report on the agency’s detention and interrogation program. This is inexcusable and offends the very notion of the separation of powers. As shocking as this is, our main focus must be releasing the committee’s study of the CIA's detention and interrogation program.  The American people deserve a full accounting of what happened, so that they can come to terms with what has been done in their name. 
Join my staff today from 2-5pm at Memorial Elementary School Library in Deming for a health care information event. From health care professionals answering questions and guiding residents through the enrollment process, to free health screenings, to bilingual assistance, this event will help the community get the facts about the Affordable Care Act and get covered. If you have questions, call my Las Cruces Office at (575) 523-6561.
Let us hope that our attitude as a nation continues to be defined by the image of the Statue of Liberty, and not by shouting protesters holding signs labeled, “Return to Sender,” as they stand in front of busses full of Central American children. Congress has an opportunity – and a responsibility – to act on pragmatic measures to fix our broken immigration system before time and resources run out.  
The number one issue for sportsmen across the West is access. The HUNT Act will open more areas to hunting and fishing and grow New Mexico's thriving outdoor recreation economy where recreation activities are directly responsible for 68,000 jobs in the state. Hunting and fishing are a way of life for New Mexicans. As an avid hunter myself, I remain deeply committed to preserving our outdoor heritage and treasured public lands for future generations to enjoy. 
New Mexico’s film industry is making headlines, creating opportunities to grow our economy, and highlighting our state’s history in WGN’s new series Manhattan l WGN America which was filmed in Santa Fe and is set in Los Alamos during World War II. 
I’m pleased to see progress being made toward passing a bill to address the mismanagement and systemic problems at the VA. It’s critical that we restore confidence and accountability in the VA health care system and ensure our veterans' receive the quality services that they were promised. Even one veteran slipping through the cracks is one too many. 
The great musician Chuy Martinez at Spanish Market in Santa Fe.
Congratulations to the three Los Alamos National Laboratory researchers named among the most influential scientists in the world.
Visitors to White Sands National Monument pumped $24.5 million into local communities. Public lands conservation and growing New Mexico's economy are inextricably linked. 
About to go live on KUNM Radio's Call In Show to discuss the Central American refugee crisis. Tune in to 89.9 FM or 
As a father, I believe this debate cannot be just about the efficiency with which we can deport refugees from Central America. It should also take into account the situation that these boys and girls are seeking to escape. Congress should focus on strengthening safeguards for children rather than weakening protections.
For 50 years, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has helped support thousands of local conservation and outdoor recreation projects across the country, and it’s been critical to securing natural treasures in New Mexico, such as the Valles Caldera National Preserve, the new Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge in the Rio Grande Valley, and the Petroglyph National Monument. Hunting, camping, fishing, and many other outdoor recreation activities are a way of life for New Mexico families and help boost our economy. I'll continue to support full and permanent funding of LWCF to ensure Americans benefit from it for generations to come.
About to go live w/ @EspuelasVox to discuss the Central American refugee crisis.
Militarizing our southern border is not the answer to addressing this Central American #RefugeeCrisis.  
A step forward in the fight for equality. All employees should be judged on the quality of their work, not on who they are or who they love. 
Discussing the need to raise the minimum wage with NM CAFe (Comunidades en Acción y de Fé) advocates.
Next time you're in Artesia, make sure to visit Henry's Barbecue!
Talking with delegate members from the International Law Enforcement Academy, where they receive critical law enforcement training. The delegates are from Kosovo, Macedonia, and Bulgaria this session.
Talking about the importance of STEM education with Roswell Job Corps Center Students.
Lunch at Martin’s Capitol Cafe, I had tamales with red chile. What’s your favorite item on the menu?
Discussing the fisheries program at the USFWS Southwest Region’s Southwestern Native Aquatic Resources and Recovery Center.
Highlighting the great work in innovation and technology that drive New Mexico’s economy.
I'll be on msnbc's The Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd this morning to discuss the Central American refugee crisis. Starts at 7am MT/9am ET.
As a nation, we value the twin promises of freedom and opportunity. Those ideals are important no matter where you were born. But our immigration system is broken. There are ways to address the Central American refugee crisis that are pragmatic, bipartisan, and uphold our American values. As the son of an immigrant, I'm familiar with the promise America represents for families. I know how hard immigrants work, how much they believe in this country, and how much they're willing to give back. It’s time to fix our broken immigration system once and for all. Our nation will be better for it. Please take a moment to watch my speech today. 
Today at approximately 4:30 p.m. ET/ 2:30 p.m. MT I will deliver a speech on the Senate floor about the current humanitarian crisis along our nation's southern border. I hope you'll tune in. Stream live here:  
Great to work with NO H8 Campaign's Adam Bouska for #NOH8onTheHill in support of marriage equality.
Speaking at the announcement of a new private-public partnership to establish the Burrell College of Osteopathic Medicine at New Mexico State University's Arrowhead Center.
Huevos rancheros with red chile at Los Compas in Las Cruces.
On the way to Las Cruces...looks like parts of southern New Mexico are getting much needed rain.
View from Amtrak's Southwest Chief on the way to Las Vegas, N.M.
Discussing the importance of the Southwest Chief route with Amtrak President and CEO Joe Boardman.
Today, I joined DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson in touring the recently established temporary facility for undocumented parents and their children at the FLETC campus in Artesia. The safety and well being of the families must remain a priority while these cases are processed. From combating gang violence and human trafficking to strengthening security and human rights programs, it is important to address the root cause of the concerning increase in migration from Central America. We are a nation of laws, but our immigration system is broken and must be fixed.
Visiting with Artesia Chamber of Commerce, which has been helping collect donations for families fleeing dangerous areas in Central America. The community has been really amazing in the effort.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund is a critical tool that ensures we have the resources necessary to conserve our public lands for all of us to enjoy now, and for future generations. LWCF has helped secure some of New Mexico's natural treasures such as the Valles Caldera National Preserve, the new Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge in the Rio Grande Valley, the Miranda Canyon, and the Carson National Forest. And job creation is directly tied to conservation across our state, where hunting, fishing, camping and other outdoor traditions both new and old drive an enormous portion of our economy. http://www.demingheadlight.com/deming-news/ci_26118747/udall-heinrich-tap-money-nm-parks?source=rss
The Supreme Court’s decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby last week is alarming. Employers should not have the right to impose their beliefs and make decisions about what health care services an employee can access. Which is why I'm cosponsoring legislation introduced today to ensure women can make the health and family planning decisions that are best for themselves and their families without interference from their bosses. It’s imperative we keep corporations out of personal health decisions and leave control in the hands of patients and their doctors.
Summer plans? From mountain biking to rock climbing to hiking, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument has much to offer right here in our backyard. 
Happy to be home with my family after a week of Intelligence Committee-related travel in the Middle East. Wishing all of you a safe and happy Fourth of July weekend.
After a vigorous public debate last year, the Senate passed a common-sense proposal that would modernize our immigration system to meet the needs of our economy, provide an accountable pathway to earned citizenship for the undocumented workers currently living in the shadows, and dramatically strengthen security at our borders. But here we are a year later, and House Republicans are still unwilling to act. Now things are urgent. The surge of unaccompanied children from Central America crossing into the United States is of great concern to all of us. If House Republicans want to help solve this crisis and make our policies crystal clear, they would pass the Senate's bipartisan immigration bill.
Congrats to the men’s U.S. Soccer team for advancing to the next round of the #WorldCup.
Mi entrevista con Univision 26 - El Paso sobre la importancia de arreglar nuestro roto sistema migratorio. 
Good luck to the men’s U.S. Soccer  team in today's match against Germany! #USAvGER #IBelieve
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled today that police need warrants to search cellphones of people they arrest. Privacy rights prevail!   
We are a nation of laws, but our immigration system is broken and must be fixed. 
The House Republican budget would end Medicare as we know it. Generations of seniors have been guaranteed the security that Medicare provides. We need to protect the program so they have a #fairshot to live independently and with dignity.
It is Great Outdoors America Week! Where is your favorite place to spend time outdoors?
Good luck to the men's U.S. Soccer team in today's game against Portugal! #WorldCup #USAvPOR
The firefighters have made great progress battling the Assayii Lake Fire. I commend the Navajo Nation Emergency Operations Center, Central Consolidated Schools District, volunteers, and community members for coming together to provide donations, shelter, and meals for the firefighters and families who were evacuated during this emergency.
My thoughts are with the firefighters and communities affected by the Assayii Lake Fire. To stay updated, visit the Assayii Lake Fire Facebook page and this website:
The U.S. Patent Office took a positive step today toward changing the Washington, D.C. football team's name. Racism and bigotry have no place in professional sports. Our tribal communities have always enhanced New Mexico’s rich culture and traditions. It’s past time for the NFL to change the team's name. 
Incredible win for U.S. Soccer! #WorldCup #OneNationOneTeam 
Best of luck to the men’s U.S. Soccer team in today's match. You've already made us proud. #TeamUSA #WorldCup2014
Good luck to New Mexico’s senior division finalists competing in the 2014 National History Day Contest.
A college education opens the doors of opportunity and provides an avenue into the middle class. Please take a moment to read my op-ed on reducing the burden of student loan debt for New Mexico families. 
In today’s economy, we should be eliminating the obstacles that keep Americans from earning the education needed to get ahead. College should not be a luxury. It should be an opportunity all Americans can afford. Outstanding student loan balances not only affect families working to pay those loans — it affects the economy as a whole. 
Had a good conversation with Elon Musk this week about both of his companies: Tesla Motors and SpaceX.
Taking a closer look at SpaceX's Dragon V2 space capsule earlier this week. They are doing amazing things with space technology and will be testing their Falcon 9 reusable rocket in New Mexico.
Crushing student loan debt is a serious economic issue in this country that prevents many from starting a family or business, and impedes many from saving for retirement. Higher education is one of the most important investments a person can make for their future, and everyone should have the opportunity to afford it.  The Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act would have benefited thousands of New Mexicans. Senate Republicans who decided to filibuster this measure should reconsider their priorities and allow this bill to move forward so we can provide immediate relief to student loan borrowers and strengthen our economy.
In New Mexico, too often we find ourselves dealing with the impacts of climate change. We're already seeing its effects manifest itself in more extreme drought conditions, larger and more intense wildfires, shrinking forests, and increased flooding when it does rain. The time to tackle this issue is now. Together we can create a healthier more stable environment for future generations. 
The internal audit of the VA revealed that far too many New Mexicans have waited far too long for care.  VA doctors, nurses, physical therapists, and others play a critical role in providing the best care to our veterans, but our nation must provide them with the resources and staff they need to meet the needs of our veterans. Our challenge moving forward is to ensure we have a process in place to ensure that all veterans can see a doctor in a timely manner.  We cannot further allow our veterans to wait unreasonable and dangerous wait times to see a doctor.
Like many in our community, I have serious concerns about the progress being made on the Kirtland Air Force Base fuel spill cleanup. Which is why I met with the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force last month to press for further action and to stress the importance of meeting upcoming deadlines. I was pleased that she assured me this is one of the Air Force's top cleanup priorities and will fully fund cleanup efforts to restore our water supply.
Today, marks the first time the Northern New Mexico Honor Flight brought World War II veterans to the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. It was an honor to welcome them to DC, listen to their stories, and pay tribute to the sacrifices they made for our country.
The march of history has moved us closer to the fundamental ideal that everyone is created equal and deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. But until full and equal rights are a reality for everyone, our work is unfinished. As we celebrate LGBT Pride this month, let us renew our commitment to charge forward toward full equality for all Americans. Happy Pride, New Mexico!
Congrats to Alexander Wang of Los Alamos High School, one of 19 students chosen to compete on the U.S. Physics Team this year. #STEM
Climate change is a fact that is a problem in New Mexico today, not just at some far off date in the future. The longer we wait to act, the more difficult and expensive the solutions will be. The EPA deserves credit for showing the leadership to actively take on climate change rather than embracing the pseudo-science and denial that is embraced by far too many in Washington today.  This nation has never solved a single problem by denying the facts.
La Ventana Natural Arch, Cebolla Wilderness
For the first time in our nation's history, the total amount of student loan debt has exceeded the total amount of credit card debt. This very real problem weighs heavily on New Mexico families. It’s time to give our students a #fairshot and make college education more affordable. 
I have a mountain of respect for what General Shinseki has done in service to our country, but our nation's veterans deserve nothing less than the very best service our nation has to offer. Tragically, that has not always been the case. Over the years I've met and known many people, particularly in the New Mexico VA system; doctors, nurses, physical therapists and others, who work tirelessly and effectively on behalf of the men and women who have served this country. But even one veteran slipping through the cracks anywhere in the nation is one too many. I call on President Obama to appoint a new Secretary who will provide the leadership and management that our nation's veterans need and deserve.  
The resolution reached today on the SunZia Southwest Transmission Line in New Mexico means that unparalleled military testing at White Sands Missile Range and a transformational clean energy infrastructure project can exist in harmony. All the while, New Mexico stands to gain thousands of good-paying construction jobs. 
Pilot training is critical for maintaining the most advanced and capable Air Force in the world, and Very Lightweight Jets have the potential to provide a state-of-the-art training platform while saving significant taxpayer dollars — all while creating good-paying manufacturing jobs in New Mexico. 
Honored to be with the Tularosa community on #MemorialDay.
Memorial Day is more than a day to hold a BBQ or a reason to enjoy a three-day-weekend — it is a day to reflect. On Memorial Day, communities  in New Mexico and across the country come together and pay tribute to the men and women who selflessly gave their lives to preserve the freedom and liberty we enjoy today. I will not rest until our veterans have the care and services they have earned.
Toured the Signal Fire yesterday in the Gila National Forest. Grateful for the men and women of the U.S. Forest Service and all the wildland firefighters who work hard everyday to keep the community safe.
Smokey Bear looking good for almost 70 years old!
I join all New Mexicans in keeping our thoughts and prayers with the families, friends, and the Silver City community affected by yesterday’s plane crash that took the lives of four people, including three bright students from Aldo Leopold High School. This is truly a tragedy.
NA
U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell addressing a joyous crowd!
Stage is set! #OMDP4NM #MonumentsMatter
Over 100 years ago, a New Mexican named Edgar Lee Hewett drafted a piece of legislation that would become known as the Antiquities Act.  Many know that Republican Congressman John F. Lacey sponsored and passed this legislation and that President Teddy Roosevelt signed it and put it to great effect.  Too few remember that it was Hewett, working tirelessly to protect places like Bandalier and Chaco Canyon, who crafted the words. This week, over 100 years later, Hewett's work was the law used to protect the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument.  New Mexico has always led the nation in conservation policy.  Names like Leopold, Anderson and Udall are synonymous with that history.  The name Hewett should be among them.  After all his law has been used in New Mexico not just to protect the Organs, but also White Sands, Carlsbad Caverns, Bandalier, Chaco Canyon, and El Morro.  Places that drive our economy and preserve our history and Culture.
When your day gets long and you need a boost, what snacks do you reach for?
If Speaker Boehner were truly concerned about keeping our border safe, he would stop blocking the bipartisan immigration reform bill passed by the senate nearly a year ago. His comments ring hollow. I invite Speaker Boehner to actually travel to New Mexico’s border community and visit America's newest National Monument. 
When does red chile and black coffee make for a historic breakfast...?  Don Rogelio of Don Rogelio's Salsas in Las Cruces sent this Red Chile Sauce to DC as part of the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks celebration yesterday.  Thanks to Don and all the other businesses who supported this effort.  See you in Cruces, Don!
It’s official, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks is New Mexico’s newest National Monument! I'm proud to celebrate this momentous occasion and thank President Obama and Secretary Jewell for recognizing just how special this land is for all of us.
Applauding Senator Bingaman for his leadership in making this day possible.
On my way to the proclamation signing ceremony to establish the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument. This is a very special moment for New Mexico and a major accomplishment for the community who has worked tirelessly for a decade to make today a reality. Tune in live to the ceremony at 2 p.m. MT here: www.whitehouse.gov/live
In my office with KOAT discussing the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument designation.
There are no shortcuts in caring for our veterans. If confirmed, these allegations of mismanagement at VA medical centers that may have compromised the health care of our veterans represent a broken promise to all who have served our country and is cause for outrage. I am pleased that a thorough nationwide investigation is underway, which is imperative to determine the extent of what happened and who should be held responsible.
Glad to highlight the work Union of Concerned Scientists does to tackle climate change with solutions rooted in fact and driven by the best available science.  The report released today, “National Landmarks At Risk,” presents critical information about sea level rise, worsening wildfires and floods putting landmark historic sites at risk around the country, including Bandelier National Monument and Santa Clara Pueblo.   http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/science_and_impacts/impacts/national-landmarks-at-risk-from-climate-change.html
Great News! Thanks to the local community’s tremendous grassroots efforts over the last decade, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks will soon be designated New Mexico’s newest national monument. 
Thank you to the U.S. Forest Service and all the wildland firefighters working on the Signal Fire.
We shouldn't be financing our government operations by charging high interest rates on student loans. More from my interview with KUNM Radio: 
I am deeply honored to return to my alma mater this weekend to address the 2014 graduating class of Mizzou Engineering. 
In an interview today in my office, C-SPAN BookTV asked me about my summer reading plans. I'm reading The Big Burn by Timothy Egan and The Second Nuclear Age: Strategy, Danger, and the New Power Politics by Paul Bracken. What's on your reading list?
Years of good, bipartisan work went into crafting this smart, effective energy efficiency proposal, which is widely supported and acknowledged to be a major job creator.  The American people are eager for proof that Congress has their best interests in mind and can, at the very least, come together on the issues that we all agree on. Improving our nation's energy efficiency and saving families money should be one of those issues. 
As I travel across New Mexico, I often meet women who remind me of my mother. Women who work tirelessly so their children can have more opportunity. It's important we show appreciation for our mothers with more than just words of gratitude on this special day. We must work together to ensure all women--our mothers, sisters, and daughters--have a fair shot at getting ahead. I wish you and your family a Happy Mother’s Day.
Congratulations to all of the graduates. Good luck in your endeavors. Our future is brighter because of you.
New Mexicans should have their voices heard on any FCC proposal that includes a "fast lane" that could allow service providers to discriminate against small Internet businesses and weaken consumer protections. The Internet has always played a role in fostering innovation and education, and it promotes civic engagement in New Mexico and across the country. As a staunch supporter of net neutrality, I believe the FCC needs to establish strong, enforceable rules that ensure free speech, protect consumers, and preserve competition.
For the first time in our nation's history, the total amount of student loan debt has exceeded the total amount of credit card debt. This very real problem weighs heavily on New Mexico families, which is why I'm cosponsoring legislation to help borrowers refinance their student loans and pay down their debt at a lower rate. This will give college graduates a better chance at building a brighter economic future.
Climate impacts are already visible in New Mexico. We're seeing bigger fires, drier summers, more severe floods when it does rain, and less snowpack in the winter. Over the last four years alone, we have seen the two largest fires in New Mexico’s history.  The longer we wait to act, the more expensive mitigating those impacts will be. If we have any hope of reversing the effects of climate change -- and we truly must -- it’s critical that we embrace this challenge now and lead the world in innovation, efficiency, and clean energy. #ActOnClimate 
Earlier this year, I talked to President Obama about the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks and how special this region is to New Mexicans and the outpouring of support to designate it a national monument. An Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument would help ensure that a piece of our shared outdoor heritage is protected for us now and for future generations of Americans to enjoy.
Last week I toured the Catwalk National Recreation Area to discuss the damage caused by severe flooding last year and the work the Gila and U.S. Department of Transportation are doing to restore the Catwalk trail to ensure it is safe for visitors to use again. Senator Tom Udall and I have been urging for the quick approval of the requested restoration funding, given the area's key role in the local economy and tourism industry. I'm pleased to announce that those funds have been approved. 
Republicans' refusal to raise the minimum wage demonstrates just how out of touch they are with hardworking Americans. Working full time at the current minimum wage leaves too many families struggling to make ends meet -- this is especially true for women, who are the majority of minimum wage workers today. Raising the minimum wage is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the well-being of New Mexico children.
I had the opportunity to congratulate Highland High School’s "We the People" team for placing 10th at the Center for Civic Education national championships while they were in D.C. I’m very proud of them and every New Mexico high school team that competed this year. #wtpfinals
Packing for DC...  Frozen red and green, some wild game, and fresh tortillas.  The pistachios go in carry on.
The grand opening of the new and improved Raton VA clinic is an example of a true community effort. I’m honored to play a role in its completion. We must be unwavering in our commitment to our veterans who have been promised more than just words of gratitude for their sacrifice, we owe them -- without delay -- the best care and benefits our country has to offer.
Spaceport America
More photos from Grant County! A productive day discussing how we make the economic recovery work for all New Mexicans.
Earlier today I hosted a roundtable discussion at Western New Mexico University to address student loan debt and other barriers that exist for students and families. Keeping college within reach for New Mexico students is fundamental to a thriving middle class. #FairShot
I toured the Catwalk National Recreation Area yesterday to discuss the damage caused by severe flooding last year and the work being done to restore the trail to ensure it is safe for visitors to use again. Repairing the Catwalk trail is critical and will help boost tourism and grow the region’s economy.
Discussing how best to grow Grant County's local economy over breakfast with local leaders at Millie's Bake House
Fire history of the Gila National Forest
Discussing the link between the small wood industry and forest restoration at family owned and operated Arizona Log & Timberworks with Senator Flake
U.S. Senator Jeff Flake and I kicked off our Forest Restoration & Wildfire Management Tour today by visiting the Forest Energy Corporation Pellet Plant. Here we are speaking with the plant's owner and President Rob Davis.
Happy Earth Day! Let us commit ourselves to act on climate change and lead the world in innovation, efficiency, and clean energy. #EarthDay
Can you name this New Mexico landmark?
Headed West on I-40 to the Gila National Forest. Tomorrow I'll be in the forests along the Arizona-New Mexico state border with U.S. Senator Jeff Flake to discuss restoration and related treatment, conservation, and protecting our communities from wildfire.
Ready for fire season? In an effort to help you prepare, I launched the Fire Preparedness & Prevention Resource Center on my website. You can find prevention tips, best practices to protect homes and businesses, active wildfire information, and more: http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/helping-you/wildfire-preparedness-and-prevention-center
Congratulations to Titan Aerospace for its new partnership with Google! I was out at Titan in Moriarty last year. This is a company truly leading in innovation.
Kicking off New Mexico First's town hall meeting on water planning, development and use this morning. These conversations are critical as they allow us to hear the diverse voices from communities across our state about how we tackle our current water issues. Stream it live here: http://nmfirst.org/_blog/Legislative_Updates/post/live-stream/ 
Honored to deliver the keynote address on balancing civil liberties with national security in a digital age at The University of New Mexico - UNM National Security Studies Program spring symposium this morning. We can and we must balance the government’s need to keep our nation safe with its duty to protect our constitutionally guaranteed liberties.
Equal pay for equal work is both fair and right. With a little transparency and sunlight, I know we can get there. No one should have to worry that they will lose their job for wanting to know if they are paid the same as an equally qualified co-worker. The President took a critical step today to ensure that every woman has a fair shot at fairness and economic success. Now it’s our turn. I urge every one of my colleagues to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act so that women have the tools needed to achieve equal pay for equal work.
Fished the Rio Grande with Taos Fly Shop owner Nick Streit a couple weeks ago. Since the Rio Grande del Norte National Monument was created, he said he's had his best year of business yet! #MonumentsMatter #RGDN
As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I was proud to vote today to declassify the committee’s study of the CIA’s detention and interrogation program. America has paid a huge price for torturing detainees. Not only is torture morally wrong, it just doesn’t work. It’s a grave stain on our history costing us global credibility on the issue of human rights. I hope the release of this report will finally let us face what was done in the name of the American people, and allow for future generations to use these findings to learn from the mistakes made by the architects of this program. 
I join New Mexicans in keeping the entire Fort Hood community in our thoughts. Our hearts are heavy, especially for the families of those who died and the victims who suffered injuries yesterday. I commend the efforts of the law enforcement officers who put themselves in harm’s way and emergency responders who aided those who were hurt.
Great picture of the Organ Mountains. Photo Credit: Mike Groves
Everyone deserves a fair shot at success in this country. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.
This story is one more example of why I support reforming the National Security Agency and restoring our constitutional rights.
As we celebrate César Chávez’s legacy today, we remember his deep commitment to improving the lives of others. He was a champion of justice, tirelessly fighting for better working conditions and fair wages, and inspired a generation of community organizers across the country. His legacy and spirit live on in New Mexico through the tireless work of those who strive to make their communities better. ¡Si Se Puede!
More than 100 years after President Roosevelt designated the Grand Canyon a National Monument, House Republicans are trying to gut the very law that allowed for that historic moment to take place. Make no mistake, what’s at stake is the future of our most treasured landscapes and the guarantee that our children, and our children's children, will have the same outdoor opportunities that we had growing up.
Interested in the minimum wage debate? Newsbound is out with a new explainer #RaiseTheWage
I’m glad to see that we’re finally coming to the broad consensus that collecting data on millions of innocent Americans is not an effective way to combat terrorism.  While the devil is always in the details, I look forward to reviewing the President’s final proposal.
It is a true honor to participate in the 25th Annual Bataan Memorial Death March today as we pay humble tribute to and learn from the survivors of Bataan.
While exploring the North end of the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks proposed national monument I came across this old homestead. It reminded me of stories from my grandparents who homesteaded similarly arid, but beautiful country up in Idaho.  Exploring the Uvas Mountains I saw healthy numbers of deer, javelina, scaled quail and doves.  No wonder sportsmen are so adamant about the value of including these mountains in the monument.
Can you guess where this is?
NM's clean energy economy on the move! (On I-25 south of Socorro)
The New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball team had a great season. Way to make us proud!
Today I toured Mt. Taylor Manufacturing and met with the company's president and members from the Cibola National Forest Fire Management to discuss a U.S. Forest Service program to clear small wood from the Cibola National Forest. Mt. Taylor Manufacturing is a family owned business, which was established as a wood molding plant in 1965. The sawmill makes products from trees selectively harvested from the Cibola National Forest.
Road trip indulgence -- New Mexico Style Red Chili (sic) Chips!
From El Malpais National Monument to Pueblo of Zuni to Ramah Navajo Chapter, it's been a good day!
In-studio for a live interview with KDSK radio.
Talking economic development with local leaders over coffee at El Cafecito.
On the road to Acoma.
Congrats to the New Mexico Lobos and New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball teams for the big wins last night. Third year in a row!
Congrats to the New Mexico Lobos and New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball teams on their wins last night. Wishing them good luck tonight!
Today I voted for a bipartisan proposal to strengthen investments in child development and ensure children and their families have access to the quality programs they need to succeed. By helping parents, we are helping children. Expanding access to quality, affordable child care is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the long-term education and well-being of New Mexico children.
As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I remain deeply committed to move forward with a vote to declassify and release the committee's study of the CIA's detention and interrogation program. This was a dark and regrettable chapter in our country's history and betrayed the American values of respecting and upholding the dignity and human rights of all people. We must provide the American people with a full accounting of what happened, so that they can come to terms with what has been done in their name. My interview on The Diane Rehm Show on NPR about this and more will air in New Mexico this morning at 11 a.m. on 89.1 KANW-FM.
My remarks on the Senate floor to help kick off tonight’s #Up4Climate discussion. 
Like and share if you agree that now is the time to tackle climate change. #Up4Climate
I hope you take a moment to read and share my op-ed in The Santa Fe New Mexican today on why raising the minimum wage truly matters.  http://www.santafenewmexican.com/opinion/commentary/commentary-u-s-should-increase-minimum-wage/article_c8192eac-1f60-5bb2-a704-8e9145621a6d.html
Tonight I met with U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to discuss the agency’s ongoing response to the incident at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in Carlsbad. I appreciate that Secretary Moniz understands the gravity of the situation and is devoting personal attention to this. I conveyed the need for the Department of Energy to be more forthcoming with information and responsive to questions that have arisen from the community about the radiation leak at WIPP. My top priority throughout this process has been to ensure the health and safety of the community and WIPP personnel. Therefore, it's encouraging that it has been confirmed that it's very unlikely that exposures would represent public health concerns. I remain deeply committed to working with Secretary Moniz and all of the agencies involved as we continue to find answers and seek pragmatic solutions that benefit New Mexico now and in the future.
New Mexicans know firsthand the impacts catastrophic wildfires have on our communities and lands. And we share a deep appreciation for our firefighters and other first responders who put their lives on the line everyday to keep us safe. But fighting wildfires cannot come at the expense of programs that prevent large, costly fires. We can’t choose between fighting fires and preventing them -- we must do both. I'm working to make that possible.
It was great to talk about expanding broadband access at the HTTP: HISPANIC TECHNOLOGY AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS PARTNERSHIP reception tonight. Connecting New Mexico communities with affordable broadband access opens the door to endless possibilities for learning, entrepreneurship, and economic growth.
At the University of New Mexico Alumni Association reception in Washington, D.C. Everyone's a Lobo!
The New Mexico Museum of Natural History & Science and Explora Science Center in Albuquerque ranked in USA TODAY's list of Top Ten Best Museums for Families. I couldn't agree more!
My staff will be hosting a Housing Fair for teachers and school employees at the Carlsbad Municipal Schools Administrative Board Room this Thursday between 4 and 6 p.m to provide quality resources and assistance with finding housing in the area. We must do everything we can to attract and retain highly qualified teachers in New Mexico so our kids have the support they need to succeed. Visit my website for all the details: 
During Peace Corps Week, I’d like to thank the 54 volunteers from New Mexico who are currently serving around the world. They make us proud. As an AmeriCorps alum, I know first-hand that there is no limit to the lifelong benefits volunteering and service experiences can bring.
Today I voted to advance a comprehensive veterans benefits package that would restore COLA for military retirees and help accelerate the claims process to reduce the backlog. New Mexico is home to more than 170,000 veterans, and I will continue to work to guarantee they receive the benefits and quality care that they have earned.
Congrats to the New Mexico Lobos and New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball teams for earning top spots in the Mountain West Conference and Western Athletic Conferences.
Celebrating National Engineering Week with KUNM Radio The Children's Hour on KUNM-fm. It’s always exciting to share an interest in science with a younger audience!
Toured the UNM Sandoval Regional Medical Center where they provide quality primary and specialty care for the community. I'm a cosponsor of the Increasing Primary Care Access Act, which would increase access to health care by improving training programs and accountability in the medical education system in order to better match medical workforce training to the workforce demand for primary care physicians.
NA
Starting the day off at the The Range Café with Sandoval County mayors. Huevos rancheros with red chile, please!
Touring Admiral Beverage Corp earlier today. In addition to the Albuquerque warehouse, the New Mexico division has branches in Farmington, Las Cruces, Roswell and Santa Fe with a total of 365 employees statewide.
The hardworking nurses, doctors, & staff in the Neonatal Intensive Care unit at Lovelace Women's Hospital
Cooking dinner (and doing the dishes) for Julie on Valentine's Day.  Venison chili with jalapeño cornbread and honey.
Working full time at the current minimum wage leaves too many New Mexico families struggling to make ends meet -- this is especially true for women, who make up a disproportionate share of minimum wage workers today. Our economy and our workforce are stronger when we reward an honest day's work with fair wages. We must be unwavering in our commitment to restore the basic bargain on which this country was built, that if you work hard and play the rules you can get ahead. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.
Today I voted to restore the pension cost-of-living adjustment to military men and women’s retirement pay. It’s critical that we continue to reduce our deficit, but we must do it responsibly. Balancing the budget on the backs of our veterans and their families is not an option. Our men and women in uniform have risked their lives to protect our nation and deserve more than words of gratitude for their sacrifice. They deserve the quality care and benefits that they were promised.
As a proud AmeriCorps alum, I was honored to receive The Corps Network's 2014 Congressional Champion Award today and congratulate Corpsmember of the Year Linda Santana with the Rocky Mountain Youth Corps in Taos. Her example helps assure us that young people are working for the betterment of our community and our nation’s outlook remains bright.
Best of luck to #TeamUSA competing at the #Sochi2014 Winter Olympic Games! You make us proud. Let’s bring home the gold!
Pleased with the news that Jornada Experimental Range in Las Cruces was chosen to be one of USDA's first ever "Climate Hubs" and will play a key role in providing scientific information to help farmers and ranchers adapt to a changing climate.
After finding a tarantula in Broad Canyon last week with Senator Tom Udall and Secretary Jewell, Senator Heinrich tells a great story from his childhood. A must watch! -STAFF
Great win last night for New Mexico Lobos men's basketball team. Good luck to the Lady Lobos tonight against Utah State!
President Obama's call tonight for bipartisanship and rewarding hard work goes hand in hand with New Mexico's priorities and values.  We must be unwavering in our commitment to restore the basic bargain on which this country was built, that if you work and play the rules you can get ahead. I was encouraged by the president's commitment to creating opportunities for small businesses to thrive, for students to get a quality education, for workers to get the training they need to succeed in today's job market, for immigrants to have a fair path to citizenship, and for our nation to truly become energy independent. In New Mexico, these are the key ingredients to a strong economy and a thriving middle class. I will continue working with the Administration and my colleagues in Congress to advance these priorities for the American people.
NA
I commend President Obama for taking this important step toward paying all American workers a living wage. No one who works full-time in New Mexico should have to live in poverty--this is especially critical for women, who make up a disproportionate share of minimum wage workers today. Our economy is stronger when we reward an honest day's work with fair wages, which is why Congress should follow the president's lead and raise the federal minimum wage across the board. 
I’m grateful for the opportunity to host Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell in New Mexico and to hear directly from the community about their vision for managing our treasured public lands. The Organ, Sierra de Las Uvas, Potrillo, and Robledo Mountains are among some of the most scenic landscapes in our state and define Doña Ana County’s rich culture. Senator Udall and I introduced legislation in December 2013 to designate the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks a national monument. Designating this natural treasure a national monument would help promote tourism in the region, foster recreational opportunities, and preserve our outdoor heritage for us now and for future generations of Americans to enjoy.
Honored to meet with folks at the Veterans Transition Center in Deming today. The services and assistance the Center provides to our veterans and broader community every day are so important.
Grabbing Lucha Tacos de Asada at Luchador Food Truck. What's your favorite item on the menu?
Talking algae-to-oil testing while touring Sapphire Energy's Research and Development Facility in Las Cruces.
Enjoyed touring Ben Archer Health Center today and learning about the many ways they serve the community in southern New Mexico.
It wouldn't be a road trip without some local NM carne seca!
Driving to Hatch and caught this great view of the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks.
Martin Luther King Jr.‘s struggle for civil rights was an undeniable force that shaped our nation. On this day of national service, we celebrate his vision of hope, his dream of equality and justice, and his deep faith in humanity. As communities across New Mexico come together to honor Dr. King’s life, let us renew our commitment to helping others and building a country where the doors of social and economic opportunity are open for everyone, regardless of who you are or where you’re from.
I am very pleased that the President today announced his intent to end the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records. This is a major milestone in restoring Americans’ constitutional rights and rebuilding the public’s trust. I'll continue pushing forward on these reforms in the weeks and months ahead.
Today I joined my Senate colleagues on the Hispanic Task Force to discuss issues important to the Hispanic community, including the urgent need for the House to act and pass comprehensive immigration reform that includes the DREAM Act. DREAMers are leaders in their communities and contribute so much to this country.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Roswell community who were affected by this morning’s shooting at Berrendo Middle School. I commend our local law enforcement officers and emergency first responders who rushed to the scene to protect and aide those who were hurt. I’ve been briefed on this matter and my office has been in contact with the Roswell Police Department to offer any assistance as this investigation continues to develop.
McClatchyDC did a profile story on my role on the Senate Intelligence Committee and my belief that the National Security Agency surveillance programs should be reined in. I hope you'll take a moment to read it.
Extending federal unemployment insurance means thousands of hardworking New Mexicans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own have a vital economic lifeline. It's critical that Congress act immediately to extend these benefits for those who need them most. Failing to act will take a toll not only on New Mexicans looking for work, but will also have negative consequences for the broader economy.
Wishing you and your family a Happy New Year!
Today is a proud day for New Mexico and a significant step forward toward creating a fairer, more just society. I am thrilled that the New Mexico Supreme Court found that our constitution requires marriage equality for all our citizens. This ruling stands to strengthen New Mexico families and affirms that loving same sex couples who accept the responsibility of marriage are respected and recognized in our state. We must continue our march toward full equality for all Americans.
The National Security Agency’s collection of millions of innocent Americans’ phone records is likely unlawful and has added little of value to the fight against terrorism. A federal judge’s ruling  yesterday related to that program confirms this. I'm fighting to end this kind of bulk data collection because I know we can balance our civil liberties while also protecting our nation from terrorist threats.
Hopeful that the New Mexico Supreme Court will find that our constitution supports full equality for all our citizens. 
Senator Tom Udall and I just introduced a bill to designate the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks a national monument. Like and share!
The bipartisan budget agreement reached yesterday will prevent a government shutdown and is an important step toward undoing some of the damaging across-the-board cuts from the sequester.  The sequester cuts and Congress’s inability to compromise on spending and revenue over the last several years have been a drag on the economy.  At the very least, this agreement will give the economy the near-term stability it needs and Congress time to deal with long-term fiscal concerns.  I will look closely at the details of this budget and evaluate how it meets the needs of New Mexicans and our country as a whole.
Christmas isn't just a holiday, it's a food preference.
"As freedom-loving people, we want to see our country prosper and provide basic services to all. For our freedom can never be complete or our democracy stable unless the basic needs of our people are met. We have seen the stability that development brings. And in turn we know that peace is the most powerful weapon that any community or nation can have for development." -Nelson Mandela, Durban, South Africa, April 16, 1999
Enjoying a #greenchile cheeseburger at Dale’s restaurant in Melrose, after touring Cannon Air Force Base and the Melrose Range.
On the road to Clovis...
In studio earlier today with New Mexico PBS New Mexico in Focus host Megan Kamerick. I hope you'll tune in this week to watch the interview.
Another thing to be thankful for...hikes in the Sandias with my family.
Wishing you and your family a safe and happy holiday this Thanksgiving!
I hope you'll take a moment to read the op-ed Senators Ron Wyden, Mark Udall, and I wrote about our fight for privacy rights, which was published in The New York Times today.
Two Santa Fe high school students produced a music video on protecting New Mexico’s public lands and the importance of the Land Water and Conservation Fund. Take a few minutes to watch it…it's really good!
Will New Mexico be next?  Hope so...
Earlier today on Capitol Hill, the soldiers who served as “Code Talkers” during World War II were honored with the Congressional Gold Medal for their duty at conveying confidential information through their native languages. The Pueblo of Acoma and Pueblo of Laguna were two of the 33 tribes to be recognized with the award. The tradition of answering the call of duty runs deep in New Mexico's history. I was honored to attend the ceremony today and extremely proud of all of our Native veterans for their service to our country.
Monica from Ruidoso and Fernando from Santa Fe representing New Mexico well at the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association luncheon today.
Speaking at the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association roundtable today. Proud of the work these young professionals do every day to strengthen their communities.
A photo from Veterans Day in Gallup yesterday. Rand McNally recently named Gallup the most patriotic small town in the country in its Best of the Road contest.
I am honored to commemorate Veterans Day with the community in Gallup today. The tradition of answering the call of duty runs deep in New Mexico's history.  Let us reaffirm our promise to our returning troops and their families, and remember that our commitments to those who have served are commitments we must honor not only on Veterans Day, but every day.
I enjoyed speaking and sharing ideas with the Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce about how we can continue to grow New Mexico's economy and middle class.
Honored to participate in the New Mexico Collaborative Research & Development Council inaugural summit at the University of New Mexico.
Today the Senate took a historic step toward creating a more fair and just America.  Passing the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ensures that every employee in every state is judged not on who they are or who they love, but on the quality of their work. I’m proud to be a longtime supporter of ENDA and to represent a state that was at the forefront of providing these kinds of workplace protections a decade ago.
Congratulations to Damon Clark from Farmington and Karissa Trebizo from Albuquerque for their work to achieve  Accenture's American Indian Scholarship which helps Native American students seeking degrees in technology and business fields. #STEM
Wishing everyone in New Mexico a happy and safe Halloween!
This is huge.
Today I continued my efforts to reduce the veterans disability claims backlog during a Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing.  More can be done to encourage veterans to submit their claims in the most efficient way possible. My bill, the Veterans Benefits Claims Faster Filing Act, seeks to ensure veterans are aware of the faster options available to them.
Enjoyed meeting with University of New Mexico School of Law students this morning. They’re doing incredible work this semester at federal agencies in our nation’s capital. Our future remains bright!
There could be a vote as early as next week in the Senate on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. I am proud to cosponsor this bill because discrimination is unacceptable and has no place in the workplace. The LGBT community in New Mexico and across the country shouldn't fear harassment at work, or risk losing their jobs simply because of who they are or who they love.
Rio Grande in autumn.
When it comes to fixing our nation’s immigration system, the Senate has shown that compromise and bipartisanship are possible. Despite our differences, this is an issue on which both parties can come together and find common ground. I urge the House of Representatives to finish the job of fixing our broken immigration system. As the son of an immigrant, I understand how important reform is for hard-working families in New Mexico and across the country.
Just a reminder for students applying for Service Academy Nominations through my office: the deadline to turn in your completed application is tomorrow, 10/18.
This bipartisan agreement reopens the federal government, averts a default on the nation's obligations, and allows thousands of New Mexicans to return to work. I'm relieved for the New Mexicans who suffered through this crisis. But the sad truth is that this was all avoidable. New Mexicans paid a heavy price because of the reckless and irresponsible antics of a small faction of Tea Party Republicans who were willing to risk economic calamity to get their way. Our economy desperately needs long-term stability. I hope that today's agreement, and the willingness shown by reasonable minds to work together, will mark the end of governing by manufactured crises and open the door to broader budget discussions and long-term solutions. Now is the time for Congress to return to what has always been my focus: restoring the middle-class and growing the economy.
This morning, I spoke on the Senate floor to underline the devastating impacts the government shutdown is having on New Mexico’s economy and middle-class families. Between sequestration furloughs, the shutdown, and the current impasse over averting a catastrophic default on the nation’s debt, hard-working, middle-class families across New Mexico are saddled with uncertainty and hardship. The government needs to function again and this irresponsible and reckless manufactured crisis must end now. It is time to reopen the government.  It is time to take the threat of default off the table, and it is time to stop playing games with the livelihoods of hard-working Americans.
Just cancelled a trip to Albuquerque, Santa Fe, and Clovis (Cannon AFB) so I can continue working to reopen the government. Let’s hope cooler heads prevail and we can end the shutdown ASAP. It’s really not that complicated.  We have the votes to pass a clean, non-partisan government funding bill through both the House and Senate, but the Speaker refuses to schedule a vote on it.   If you want to understand the thinking that led to this debacle, read this quote from Representative Phil Gingrey, a Tea Party leader and Georgia Senate Candidate: “There’s some pain and suffering, but I don’t think that pain and suffering compares one bit to being stuck with of Obamacare…”  We have a constitutional duty to fund the government.  Senator Ted Cruz, Rep. Bachman, Rep Gingrey, and even our own Rep. Steve Pearce can all join hands and repeal Obamacare when they have the votes, but they don’t get to use hostage politics as a substitute for basic math.
On behalf of everyone in my office, I want to thank the Capitol Police and our first responders for the risks that they take everyday to keep us safe. My thoughts and prayers are with the injured officer and his family.
Honored to visit with our WWII veterans from New Mexico today at their memorial in Washington, D.C. These men exemplify the highest ideals of service to our nation.
There is support in both chambers to reopen the government with no strings attached. House Republicans can and should end this shutdown TODAY and pass the Senate’s clean funding bill. #DemandAVote
The top priority needs to be to reopen the government. House Republicans need to do what's right for their constituents and stop being reckless and irresponsible.
Closing down the government strikes at the heart of New Mexico’s economy and our middle-class families. And that was the decision Republicans made tonight.
Call on Speaker Boehner to let his members vote up or down on the Senate-passed funding bill to avoid a government shutdown. #LetThemVote #NoShutdown
Sportsmen say their number one concern is the lack of access to our public lands across the West. The HUNT Act will open up these areas to hunting and fishing and grow our thriving outdoor recreation economy in the process. Hunting and fishing are a way of life for millions of Americans. As an avid hunter, I remain deeply committed to preserving our outdoor heritage for my children, and for future generations.
Is the Senate on Cruz Control? Let’s hope not. New Mexicans will be hurt if Senator Ted Cruz and Republican Tea Party members shutdown the federal government over #Obamacare.
Chile roasting season!
Unchecked carbon pollution alters our climate and threatens the health of our families. In New Mexico we're experiencing extreme weather events, including harsh storms, floods, droughts, heat waves, and catastrophic wildfires. EPA's proposed standards for new power plants is a pragmatic step forward in moving our country away from carbon-intensive energy sources toward a cleaner, safer energy future. It's morally imperative that we embrace the challenge of reversing the effects of climate change and lead the world in innovation and clean energy, using science as our guide to making solid policy decisions.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the importance of passing a bipartisan #EnergyEfficiency bill.
Happy Constitution Day! On this day in 1787, 39 delegates signed the U.S. Constitution. Let us remember the insight our founders had for this great nation and celebrate the Constitution. #ConstitutionDay
My thoughts and prayers are with all affected by the shooting at the Washington Navy Yard this morning — especially the families of those who died and the victims who are injured. I commend the heroic efforts of local and federal law enforcement officers who put themselves in harm’s way, and the bravery of first responders who rushed to the scene.
During Hispanic Heritage Month, we celebrate the countless contributions, achievements, and sacrifices of Hispanic Americans.  This month, we celebrate the countless contributions, achievements, and sacrifices of Hispanic Americans. From their long and proud tradition of military service, to the visionary leadership of César Chávez, to succeeding in business and in the arts, the Hispanic community has helped write the economic, social, and cultural story of America.  In New Mexico, the Hispanic community has been integral to enriching our state's history and culture. Hispanic Americans serve in every sector of our community and harbor a deep commitment to family and service, have an enduring work ethic, and a perseverance to succeed and contribute to society.  During this month, we also reflect on the challenges facing Hispanics -- challenges shared by all Americans -- job and retirement security, affordable education, access to quality care for seniors and veterans, and a broken immigration system.   I remain deeply committed to fighting for the issues that matter most to New Mexico's Hispanic community, and look forward to working in partnership to ensure the American dream is within reach for our children, grandchildren, and future generations.
I encourage drivers to stay safe and not drive through flood level waters as storms continue throughout the weekend. For the latest road conditions, please call the New Mexico Road Advisory Hotline at 511 or (800) 432-4269.
I encourage everyone to stay safe during the severe storms around the state. My staff and I are working with the community and officials to ensure they have the support they need to address flash floods in affected areas. The Red Cross in New Mexico has helpful safety and preparedness tips.
Today, we pause to remember those who lost their lives during the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. We also pay tribute to the heroic first responders and emergency workers who despite grave danger, put their lives on the line to help their fellow Americans.  I join New Mexicans in keeping all the victims we lost 12 years ago and their families in our thoughts and prayers, and give thanks to our troops and veterans who have sacrificed selflessly to defend our freedoms at home and abroad.
When any country chooses to ignore the international norms against chemical weapons, they make a deeply immoral decision with worldwide implications and put American security at risk. There is no doubt that our nation is incredibly, and justifiably, weary of war after the last 10 years. But we must realize that we wouldn’t be seeing the latest diplomatic progress were it not for the credible threat of military force. So while I remain hopeful for a diplomatic solution, I agree with the president that the end goal of our efforts should be that chemical weapons are never used again. Not by Syria, not by anyone.
Friends, I hope you'll take a moment to read a letter I sent today directly to the people of New Mexico explaining my decision to support the president’s request to use military force in Syria.
I visited the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Community-Based Outpatient Clinic in Raton to talk with veterans, VA staff, and local officials about issues affecting patient quality of care. I also  toured the site where construction has just begun on a new state-of-the-art VA clinic, which will be more than double the size of the current clinic, provide additional comprehensive health services, and expand mental and tele-health services. August 30, 2013
I was briefed by local officials, engineers, and a coalition of local, state, and federal representatives on the ongoing recovery efforts from the devastating fire of 2011. This coalition exemplifies what happens when we come together and work collaboratively. I am incredibly proud of the work they do every day to protect our communities. August 29, 2013
My visit to the Cimarron Solar Facility allowed me to meet with staff and engineers to discuss New Mexico’s solar renewable energy resources. The facility’s current solar project is located on 250 acres between Cimarron and Springer, and provides  energy to almost 9,000 local homes. New Mexico has great potential to lead the nation in renewable energy.
I met with students, faculty, education and labor leaders at Northern New Mexico College. I know how effective and essential our colleges and universities are to strengthening our middle class.
My visit to Rio Arriba County included an economic development meeting with Mayor Alice Lucero and local small business owners. I also visited Plaza de Española and met with staff to discuss cultural tourism in the region.
Labor Day is very special to me. My father was an IBEW lineman, and his union wages were what helped pay my way through college. It's important that today we honor and remember the people who built this great nation. I believe that our country is strongest when we support working families, seniors, and our veterans. We need to build America from the middle class out, not from the top down. I will continue to fight for every hard-working New Mexicans who deserve a fair shake.
Just ran into Erminio Martinez having breakfast at the Quality Inn in Taos.  Erminio is a real leader in the preservation of land and culture in Taos County.  Now I'm refueling with a cup of coffee and headed through the Sangre de Cristo Mountains to Cimarron.
Best way to end a busy day in northern New Mexico yesterday...a green chile and pepperoni pizza at Taos Pizza Out Back!
Excited to be part of the Workforce Development, Economic Development, and Education Summit at Northern New Mexico College in Española today. Education leaders from K-12 and higher education, businesses, Los Alamos National Laboratory, elected officials, and tribal leaders are collaborating on industry and educational partnerships and training programs that provide pathways for New Mexico students to secure quality jobs in the state.
50 years ago today, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. changed America. He inspired a nation to stand up against injustice and intolerance through the power of non-violence and peace. His lessons of compassion continue to resonate throughout the world. Let us remember those lessons and rekindle Dr. King’s spirit in our neighborhoods and communities across New Mexico as we continue to work towards alleviating prejudice, poverty, and violence.
My office will co-host Military Service Academies Nights in Roswell and Albuquerque next week to give prospective applicants and their families the opportunity to speak to representatives from each service academy and in-state ROTC programs. Here's more information.
Wishing all the students returning to school good luck and success during their school year. You are New Mexico's future!
Watch and share my new video to find out all of the ways I can serve you and your family. #OnlineOffice
I wanted you to be the first to know that I just launched my new online office. My new website gives you a convenient way to connect with me, no matter where you are. With the click of a button, you can request assistance and share your opinion on key issues facing New Mexico and the nation. Let me know what you think!
For 78 years, generations of seniors have been able to live independently and with dignity because of the safety net provided by #SocialSecurity.
Discussing the first photovoltaic-battery system fully integrated into a utility grid @PNMtalk.
August in New Mexico. Mmmmm...Oryx steak, squash from the garden and fresh greens. #dinner #NM
In an ongoing effort to provide top-notch constituent service, my staff will hold Mobile Office Hours in Gallup on August 16 and in Chama on August 19. We can assist you if you are having trouble with your Social Security benefits, Medicare, immigration, veterans benefits, and other federal programs.
We are one step closer to opening the gates of the first urban national wildlife refuge in the Southwest to the public. This is exciting news, and the result of years of hard work and collaboration to bring this project to fruition. Too many kids spend more time in front of the television than they do outdoors. This new wildlife refuge is our opportunity to change that. The Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge will help New Mexico kids discover the incredible natural heritage of our state right in their backyard, while supporting river and habitat conservation and enhancing our thriving outdoor recreation economy.
As the only AmeriCorps alum in the US Senate, I'm very proud to join the National Service Congressional Caucus. Service experiences yield lifelong benefits!
In committee yesterday, I discussed strengthening the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which supports public access to federal lands and New Mexico's thriving outdoor recreation economy. We have 68,000 jobs and $6.1 billion in consumer spending tied to outdoor recreation in our state, where hunting, fishing, and camping drive an enormous portion of our economy. What's your favorite place to get outdoors?
On Friday, I attended the Plateau Fiber Optic ribbon cutting in Moriarty and met with members of the Estancia Valley Economic Development Association. During a tour of Titan Aerospace, we explored one of the company’s latest project, the Solara Unmanned Aerial Vehicle. One of the highlights of the day, was meeting with Moriarty High School students who have spent the summer building a solar car with the sponsorship of Titan Aerospace.
Good article in the Ruidoso News about my recent visit to Lincoln County where I toured the Little Bear Fire recovery sites. It was really encouraging to see people working together from all different backgrounds and representing different constituents but understanding that we're all in this together.
Here’s a pic from the weekend with American Birding Association President Jeffrey Gordon looking for the rare rufous-necked wood-rail at the Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge. The bird was sighted at the refuge last week and is drawing visitors from around the country. Did you know that outdoor recreation generates 68,000 direct New Mexico jobs? Now is a great time to visit the refuge!
Toured the NRAO Very Large Array over the weekend. Located just west of Socorro, the VLA is one of the world's premier astronomical radio observatories. It was great to meet with the staff and hear about the incredible work they do.
On the road to Socorro last night...
Looking at Bonito Lake with local elected officials and learning about the impact the Little Bear fire has had on the lake, which is a critical water source for Alamogordo.
Touring the rebuilding efforts from the Little Bear fire in Lincoln, where more than 250 structures were destroyed. Thanks to the amazing work of first responders, not a single life was lost in the 2012 fire.
Visiting staff and troops at Holloman Air Force Base today. Getting briefed on the aircraft flown here, including the MQ-9.
It was great to see so many of our servicemembers and veterans at the Iron Hide Safety Awareness Motorcycle Rally today in Alamogordo. You are helping to make sure we don’t lose anyone else to needless accidents on the road. Big thanks to the Alamogordo Chamber of Commerce and all of the people who helped organize the ride for their hard work to make the rally a success.
Visiting the Brackish Groundwater National Desalination Research Facility in Alamogordo today. I congratulate the facility for winning the Department of Energy 2012 Better Buildings Federal Award and commend the entire team here for supporting a culture of excellence and shared responsibility. Energy efficiency is within reach, and New Mexico is leading the charge!
Governor Dave Cargo was a man who truly cared about working families. He will be remembered for his commitment to improving the lives of all New Mexicans, and for doing what was right and just. His legacy will live on in his achievements.
Today, we gather with family and friends to celebrate the birth of our nation and the anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. Indeed, July 4th is the day that marks not only our nation's fight for freedom, but also celebrates the freedom of Americans to live in a land of opportunity where we can work to make our dreams come true and where each of us is guaranteed the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Let us honor our modern day heroes who guarantee these rights--our brave women and men in uniform serving in our armed forces at home and around the world. As we celebrate, I ask New Mexicans to join me in keeping those heroes and their families in our thoughts and prayers. I wish you and your family a happy and safe Fourth of July.
Improving access to health care for children in New Mexico will ensure they get the care they need and lay the foundation for a healthy life. We must do all we can to improve the health and wellbeing of our state's children, and one way to do that is by improving families' access to affordable health care.
Our country mourns the loss of nineteen firefighters who were killed in the line of duty outside Yarnell, Arizona. These men were true American heroes--bravely battling the blazes that plague the Southwest and reminding us of the grave risks firefighters take every day to protect families and communities across the country. I join New Mexicans in keeping our neighbors in Arizona in our thoughts and prayers as we grapple with this awful tragedy."
Today is a great day in the history of a great nation. We are a step closer to fixing our broken immigration system in a way that meets the needs of our economy, provides a pathway to earned citizenship, and strengthens security at our nation's borders. As the son of an immigrant, I'm familiar with the unique promise America represents for families. I know how hard immigrants work, how much they believe in this country, and how much they're willing to give back. By passing immigration reform, we proclaim that the American dream is alive and well-that if you work hard you can get ahead. Este es el año.
The Supreme Court's rulings today mark an extraordinary moment in our fight for marriage equality. Gay and lesbian couples who accept the responsibility of marriage should have all the rights that come with that responsibility. Depriving those rights is to deprive Americans of their dignity and the promise of equal treatment guaranteed by the Constitution. These cases are a historic step forward, but we must continue our march toward full equality for all Americans.
Today, I attended President Obama’s speech on climate change at Georgetown University. It's morally imperative that we embrace the challenge of reversing the effects of climate change and lead the world in innovation and clean energy, using science as our guide to making solid policy decisions.
I am proud to be the first U.S. Senator to participate in the NO H8 Campaign. Gay and lesbian couples who accept the responsibility of marriage should have all the rights that come with that responsibility. The time for marriage equality is now.
This week I introduced, along with Sen. Tom Udall, an amendment to the immigration reform bill to extend the commercial and private hours of operation for vehicles at the Santa Teresa Port of Entry from 12 hours to 24. The goal is to ensure our border communities thrive and benefit fully from their unique bi-national culture and economy while strengthening our national security. Extending the hours will lead to more efficient trade between the United States and Mexico, grow our economy, create new jobs, and invest in border security efforts at our nation's ports.
Looking forward to being on The Julia Goldberg Morning Show this morning at 8:30 a.m. MT to discuss immigration reform and other topics. Tune in live! The Voice of Santa Fe KVSF 101.5
Receiving a briefing on the Tres Lagunas & Jaroso fires from USFS District Forester Steve Romero in Pecos. #nmfire
Proud to be the first Senator to pose for a #NOH8 #NOH8ontheHill photo with the NO H8 Campaign today!
Today, I delivered my first Senate floor speech. I am proud to highlight the important role that New Mexico has played and will continue to play in shaping the nation’s energy future, and that our capacity to deal with many of our 21st century challenges–including solving climate change–rests heavily on our ability to make policy that is driven by facts, by data, and by science.
Today I introduced the Veterans Benefits Claims Faster Filing Act, a cost-neutral, bipartisan bill to help reduce the veterans disability claims backlog. Too many veterans are waiting far too long to receive the benefits they have earned. This commonsense approach will help accelerate the claims process while reducing the number of backlog claims. We have an obligation to keep America’s promise to our veterans by providing them, without delay, the best care and benefits our country has to offer. Answering the call of duty runs deep throughout New Mexico’s history, and I will continue to fight for our veterans just as they have heroically fought for us.
The “One Million Bones” project on display on the National Mall is grabbing headlines and raising awareness of ongoing genocides and mass atrocities across the world. The massive art installation is the brainchild of artist Naomi Natale from Albuquerque. Local Poet Laureate Hakim Bellamy puts it perfectly in his poem “For One Million Bones,” which he delivered at the installation in Washington yesterday, he said “killing any one of us, kills us all”
During a Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources oversight hearing yesterday, I discussed ways to improve federal wildland fire management and urged agencies to do more to reduce the severity of major wildfires through prevention efforts.
Please join me in keeping those impacted by the Tres Lagunas Fire in your thoughts. My staff and I are working with the community and officials to ensure they have the support they need. A Red Cross Shelter is setup at Pecos High School to assist families and you can access important information online to help with wildfire preparedness.
I had a great opportunity to meet with DREAMers and parents from El Centro de Igualdad y Derechos today. As the son of an immigrant, I understand how important immigration reform is for families across New Mexico.
On Memorial Day, we come together with our families and communities across the country to remember, honor, and pay respect to our fallen heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice protecting our country. We grieve with family members who have lost their mother or father, wife or husband, daughter or son. Not a day goes by that I do not think about the soldiers who have given their lives so that we might live ours. Their service and selfless sacrifice will always be remembered.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families in Oklahoma devastated by yesterday’s tornado.
Celebrating New Mexico’s Institute of American Indian Arts’ 50 years of empowering creativity and leadership in Native arts and culture. Every day this institution makes a difference in the lives of its students, giving them opportunities to enrich their culture, leverage their talent, and spur their creativity.
I am steadfastly committed to equality and creating a fairer, more just society, so I am proud to cosponsor legislation to help ratify the Equal Rights Amendment. Because of strong support from local officials and community organizations, New Mexico's ERA has been invaluable to women's rights in the state, including access to reproductive health care for low-income women. By removing the ratification deadline for the federal ERA, we can help ensure all Americans are protected against discrimination based on sex. http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342705
Discrimination is unacceptable and has no place in the workplace. The LGBT community in New Mexico and across the country shouldn’t fear harassment at work, or risk losing their jobs simply because of who they are or who they love. I was a proud cosponsor of EDNA in the House, and I will continue to support it in the United States Senate.
My visit to Santa Teresa included a tour of the Port of Entry to discuss economic opportunities and a briefing with U.S Border Patrol. I also had the opportunity to meet with members of the Border Industrial Association.
My visit to White Sands Missile Range (WSMR) allowed me to meet some of our country’s brave servicewomen and men. I toured Cox Range Control Center and the 2nd Engineer Battalion Headquarters. I also had a helicopter tour of test facilities, and met with WSMR tenants to learn more about their missions and economic impact on New Mexico.
My visit to NMSU included a tour of its biofuel facility, Algae Cultivation Testbed, and a briefing on their latest science, engineering, and economic development programs.  As the only engineer in the senate, I am a strong advocate for STEM education and training.  During my visit, I also sat down with KRWG’s Fred Martino and discussed my trip to southern New Mexico.
My visit to WIPP included an underground tour, briefing, and updates of WIPP’s mission to provide safe transportation and disposal of defense-related transuranic waste.
Earlier today, I participated in a committee hearing to discuss how accountable immigration reform will help grow the economy and create jobs. Watch the Q&A.
National Teacher Week gives us the opportunity to raise awareness about the important role teachers play in our lives. New Mexico’s prosperity depends on expanding educational opportunities for all students and ensuring our teachers have the resources and support necessary to succeed. Thank a teacher today!
I was briefed today by U.S. Border Patrol officers along the U.S. side of the border with Mexico.
Bishop Emeritus Ricardo Ramirez and I listen to community leaders discuss immigration reform at an event in Las Cruces sponsored by New Mexico Comunidades en Acción y de Fé (CAFé).
Tonight I told a crowded room of more than 500 people in Las Cruces that I will continue to fight for immigration reform in the U.S. Senate.
More than 500 community members attended tonight's immigration reform meeting in Las Cruces.
In cities across the country, millions of Americans are marking International Workers Day by giving voice to the need for accountable immigration reform.  As the son of an immigrant and growing up in a union family, I recognize the important role that organized labor has played in upholding the dignity of work and in fixing our broken immigration system. With bipartisan support building in Congress and a President who is eager to solve the immigration problem, there is no reason we should not be able to get this done.  Este es el año.
Boarding an early morning flight to Carlsbad to kick off a three-day trip to southern New Mexico. Black Mesa coffee in hand!
When I was elected to the United States Senate, I told you I'd work hard every day to restore the basic bargain on which this country was built - that if you work hard and play by the rules, you can get ahead. I hope you'll take a moment to watch this video and share it with your friends and family. It highlights some of the work I've done and the places I've been over the last few months as your Senator.
The immigration reform bill released yesterday is a start for debate, and I look forward to reviewing it in its entirety. I applaud my colleagues in the Senate who worked together to address this critical issue. New Mexicans are eager for a solution, DREAM Act students deserve a solution, and our economy requires a solution.
I'm disappointed that pragmatic public safety measures that the vast majority of Americans-including gun owners-embrace, failed to move forward. It is a strong indicator that we need filibuster reform when there's this big of a disconnect between what our constituents support and what we are able to produce. Making improvements to our background check system and cracking down on illegal gun trafficking are common-sense ways to prevent violence without punishing law abiding gun owners.  We owe it to the American people to take real action to reduce gun violence in our communities.
Keeping everyone in Boston in my thoughts and Prayers. Very moving to see the courage of the first responders.
We owe it to the American people to take real action to reduce gun violence.
When we talk about the DREAM Act, we’re not talking so much about the opportunity that we’re providing these students. We’re really talking about how much they have to offer this country. They want to be engineers, they want to be doctors, they want to serve their country. It’s absolutely inspiring. These are kids who know this country first. They don’t know how to be anything but an American. I am determined to see the principals of the DREAM Act incorporated into the legislation.
Growing up, I saw how hard my mom worked to provide for our family—sometimes working 60-hour weeks in auto parts and garment factories in order for our family to make ends meet. Our nation has come a long way on the road to full gender equality; however women in New Mexico are still making only about 79 cents for every dollar a man makes. And the situation is worse for Hispanic women. Equal Pay Day is an opportunity to honor New Mexico’s working women, to reaffirm our belief in equal pay for equal work, and to renew our effort to bring fairness and equality to the workplace.
My visit to Gallup included a briefing with engineers and project managers who are working on the Navajo Gallup Water Supply Project. I also met with Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly as we toured the Gallup Indian Medical Center.
My visit to Santa Fe included a tour of the tech and health science facilities at Santa Fe Community College where students are learning how to solve real-world problems through science and technology. I also met with the Santa Fe Green Chamber of Commerce and the Santa Fe Area Home Builders Association where we discussed building a stronger local economy and supporting green business practices. Later I met with the Regional Coalition of LANL Communities and participated in a demonstration by SimTable to learn how new technology is helping prevent the spread of wildfires. View KOAT’s coverage:  http://goo.gl/ZSLt0.
My visit to Las Vegas included a tour of New Mexico Highlands University’s Hydrazine Abatement Technology center and the New Mexico Forestry Watershed Restoration Institute. I also had the opportunity to tour the Bradner Dam with city officials to discuss potential solutions to help alleviate water shortage concerns. Read more about my visit http://goo.gl/DU1fn.
Orville Kirk heroically put his life on the line to defend our country. It was a humbling privilege to honor Mr. Kirk for his courage, commitment, and sacrifice and present him with this long overdue WWII Victory Medal.
Secretary Salazar’s unwavering commitment to preserving and protecting our nation’s most treasured landscapes was underscored today as our community came together to celebrate this historic moment for New Mexico. The designation of our state’s newest national monument will have a positive impact on our economy and improve the quality of life for the people of northern New Mexico.
In-studio with KLUZ TV 's Yalexa Leon discussing immigration reform and strengthening New Mexico's middle class. Watch the interview, here:
It is an honor to pay tribute to César Chávez, a true American hero and a remarkable public servant. César Chávez is revered by people throughout the world as a humble activist who led a monumental fight to achieve fair wages, worker protections, human rights, and human dignity for the most underrepresented in our society. Let us continue to meet each challenge the way César Chávez did, with hope, determination, and service to others. And to always remember his great rallying cry, ¡Sí, se puede!  Es un honor rendir homenaje a un verdadero héroe Americano y un servidor público destacado como lo fue César Chávez. César Chávez es admirado a través del mundo, ya que como activista él encabezó una inspiradora lucha para lograr salarios justos, mejores condiciones laborales, derechos humanos y dignidad humana para los más vulnerables en nuestra sociedad. Debemos seguir enfrentando cada desafío como hizo César Chávez, con esperanza, determinación, y el compromiso de servir a los demás. Y debemos recordar lo él siempre decía: ¡Sí, se puede!
I fully support marriage equality and strengthening American families. Gay and lesbian couples who have solidified their life-long commitment to each other deserve the same rights and legal protections as straight married couples.
Outside the White House with Jeff Bingaman. Earlier today we were in the Oval Office as President Obama signed a proclamation establishing the Río Grande del Norte National Monument.
A great photo of my wife, Julie, and me with President Obama last month. I was showing him photos of the Río Grande del Norte. Tomorrow, I will join the President for the signing ceremony in the Oval Office to establish the Río Grande del Norte as a U.S. National Monument. This will truly be an historic moment.    For more than a century, the Antiquities Act has given American presidents the authority to protect our nation’s most treasured landscapes, and the Río Grande del Norte is indeed a treasure. My deepest thanks go out to Senator Jeff Bingaman and the local community for championing this effort, and to President Obama for recognizing just how special the Río Grande del Norte is.  (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza, February 6, 2013)
We had more than 40 immigration advocacy organizations and community leaders across New Mexico participate in our teleconference today to discuss the pressing need to pass accountable immigration reform. THANK YOU! http://1.usa.gov/ZoFPe0
Good luck to MWC champs New Mexico Lobos mens basketball team tonight! #GoLobos #UNM
I just announced my support for Secretary of Interior nominee Sally Jewell
Secretary of Energy nominee Dr. Ernest Moniz and I met today in my office to discuss issues important to New Mexico, and his qualifications and vision to lead the U.S. Department of Energy.
Women have contributed to New Mexico’s rich, diverse history in profound ways. Who do you celebrate on International Women's Day?
As a member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I asked Secretary of Interior nominee Sally Jewell questions during her confirmation hearing today about important issues to New Mexico, including responsible access to public lands, wildlife management, and the Antiquities Act. It was particularly encouraging to observe her keen knowledge of the nexus that exists between conservation and the Western economy.
I had the opportunity to meet with Energy Secretary nominee Dr. Ernest Moniz last year at MIT in his physics lab, and I’m encouraged by his thorough understanding and acumen of renewable energy development and research of low-carbon alternatives to fossil fuel. Looking forward to being involved in his confirmation process.
I joined my Congressional colleagues in this brief supporting Edie Windsor to make clear my belief that discriminating against gay and lesbian married couples is as a violation of the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection under the law. I fully support marriage equality and strengthening American families. Gay and lesbian couples who have solidified their life-long commitment to each other deserve the same rights and legal protections as straight married couples.
Today’s passage of the Violence Against Women Act is a long overdue victory for women and children in New Mexico. I’m grateful for the tireless efforts of organizations and advocates across our state; because of their hard work, New Mexico’s communities are safer and stronger. ALL people, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, or ethnic background should have the same right to live free from domestic and sexual violence.
Taking action immediately to avoid sequestration is the only responsible course of action. And make no mistake, what’s at stake are thousands of New Mexico jobs and vital services for children, seniors, and our men and women in uniform. Limping from one self-made crisis to another is no way to govern. We can and must avert these cuts by pairing sensible spending reductions with reasonable revenue increases.
Secretary of the Interior nominee Sally Jewell and I met today in my office to discuss issues important to New Mexico. As an engineer and business executive, there’s no question that Sally has a keen knowledge of the nexus that exists between outdoor recreation and the economy—when one flourishes, so does the other. We had a productive conversation about protecting New Mexico’s special places. I shared with her that there is overwhelming community support to establish the Río Grande del Norte National Monument near Taos and the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument outside of Las Cruces. I was pleased to learn that she shares my commitment to increasing safe and accessible green spaces, and her understanding of the key role and stewardship the Department of Interior plays in honoring the commitments to our nation’s Indian tribes. I look forward to being actively involved in Sally’s confirmation process in the coming weeks.
NA
I’m spending the day in Socorro today. First stop: New Mexico Tech Tech to meet with faculty and students. Later in the day I’ll be joined by Mayor Ravi Bhasker and Terry Tadano, the Executive Director of the Socorro County Chamber of Commerce, to meet with local businesses and to discuss creating jobs and growing the economy. Photos and updates to come! You can also follow me on Twitter @MartinHeinrich
Strengthening the Public Lands Corps program will continue to provide rewarding opportunities for young adults who want to work to preserve our water and public lands, such as our rivers and lakes, national parks and forests, and tribal lands. This bill is also particularly significant for tribal families in New Mexico because it establishes the Indian Youth Service Corps where young adults can work to preserve their tribal lands and strengthen their communities. As a former AmeriCorps volunteer myself, I spent the better part of a year doing construction, education, and fieldwork for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and I know first-hand that these programs are essential to improve the lives of those around us.  http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339708
Like President Obama, I believe a strong economy begins with a thriving middle class.   http://www.heinrich.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=339661
I’m proud to join the Hispanic Task Force and I look forward to continuing Senator Bingaman’s legacy of working with Hispanic leaders and communities across New Mexico. I remain deeply committed to fighting for the issues that matter most to Hispanic families, including job creation, education, ensuring our veterans get the benefits they deserve, and fixing our broken immigration system in a way that creates an accountable pathway to citizenship.
Today I hosted a conference call with women’s organizations across New Mexico to answer questions and discuss the pressing need to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. I stressed the importance of provisions in the Senate bill that aim to combat domestic violence in Indian country, and thanked these incredible organizations for what they do everyday to protect women and strengthen New Mexico families.
The Río Grande del Norte is home to a great deal of New Mexico’s history and culture. These lands are also important to residents and visitors who come for the recreation opportunities, like hunting and fishing, and who bring a lot of resources into New Mexico’s economy. I am proud to work with my colleagues on this initiative, especially with former Senator Jeff Bingaman, who championed this cause. We will continue his efforts to preserve these lands for future generations.
NA
According to the CDC, the flu season can last until may. Please make sure to get your flu shot.
NA
NA
