Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas! Those spending time with their families and those serving our country overseas, may you have a very happy holidays!
This holiday season, we remind all veterans – especially those suffering with the unseen wounds of war – that this nation will live up to the promises we made when they entered the service. Take a #selfie with a veteran to remind them that we will always honor their sacrifice. #NoVetAlone
Spread the message. #KeepItPublic
In Choteau, celebrating the passage of the Rocky Mountain Front Heritage Act today with supporters.  With the Front as our backdrop, we pledged to continue to find more ways to preserve Montana’s special places and outdoor heritage while strengthening our economy.  #KeepItPublic
We need something to break the gridlock in Washington – maybe a little Montana safflower can do it.  I gave each Senator a bottle of homegrown safflower oil this holiday season.  If we need more, I know Montana’s producers are up to it.  #safflowerpower http://1.usa.gov/1wDJc2Z
The Bozeman Daily Chronicle today called the public lands compromise that the Montana delegation helped pass a ‘promising start’ to end the gridlock in Washington. I will keep working with all members of Montana’s Congressional delegation to advance the interests of our state and look forward to building on this accomplishment to pass more common-sense legislation. http://bit.ly/1Gpszez
Historic day for Montana!  The Senate just passed a major lands package to preserve places like the Rocky Mountain Front and the North Fork while strengthening our state’s economy. Now future generations will be able to enjoy Montana’s best outdoor places. #KeepItPublic  (Photo cred: Steven Gnam)
The government is using new surveillance devices – called ‘dirtboxes’ – to collect phone records of law-abiding Americans. Law enforcement agencies should be able to use the best tools available to catch criminals, but Americans shouldn’t have to sacrifice their privacy or their Constitutional rights in the process. http://1.usa.gov/1weHbdx
The Helena Independent Record editorialized on the public lands package by saying, “Montanans got to witness something we haven’t seen in several years -- our Congressional delegation standing together to announce new, bipartisan land use legislation.” #KeepItPublic
Today is the 73rd Anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor during World War II.  Let us always remember the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform, including those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation 73 years ago today.
I was honored to welcome our troops home today and happy to see them reunited with family and friends.  Sharla and I give our deepest thanks to them and to their families, who have shared in the sacrifice of this deployment.  As Montana’s brave men and women return for overseas I will continue to support our military members and their families with the care and services they have earned.”
Today it was my honor to present the descendants of Crow Nation Code Talkers with the Congressional Gold Medal. The Code Talkers used the Crow language during military intelligence operations in World War II to save countless lives. They transmitted secret coded messages using their language which was so unique that the code could not be broken by enemy forces.  That unbreakable code and the spirit of the Code Talkers live on today.
The entire Montana delegation has come to an agreement on a lands package that will not only preserve some of our most treasured places, but it will also power Montana's economy. This is the type of bipartisan collaboration our constituents want and deserve. #KeepItPublic
The best food doesn’t come from a lab, it comes from the land.  American consumers deserve to know what’s in the food they eat. #NoGMO
#GivingTuesday kicks off the start of the holiday giving season.  Charities and nonprofits make a big difference in Montana and we need to make sure they have the resources they need to help Montanans.  http://bit.ly/1tzYBMQ
Today we give thanks for our blessings and for the opportunity to spread good fortune to others.  As Montanans, we value our families, our communities and our freedoms.  I hope all Montanans enjoy their time together today and give special thanks for our service members spending Thanksgiving away from home as they serve our great nation.
The Griz and the Cats both kickoff their FCS playoff bids this Saturday, but many Montanans won’t have a chance to watch the games.  I’m calling on ESPN to make the games more widely available, so more Montana football fans can cheer on their teams this weekend. http://1.usa.gov/1vOuAP2
Everyone knows Congress has been dysfunctional in recent years. We have a responsibility to work together and pass policies that empower middle class families and create jobs. http://bit.ly/1HExmtX
Brawl of the Wild!
As a former teacher, it's always good to get back in the classroom.  Reading today at Florence-Carlton Elementary School.
I applaud today’s ruling that strikes down Montana's ban on same-sex marriage.  It aligns our laws with our values and is a big step forward for our state.  Denying same-sex couples the right to marry denies them happiness and equal protection under the law.
NA
Until we get dark money out of our elections, folks have a right to know who is a paying for political ads. Today I introduced the SUN Act to shine a light on the major donors who fund dark money groups trying to influence our elections. http://1.usa.gov/1yQqOCg
Attending our nation’s service academies is a great way to start a career in the military and gain important skills.  Every year I nominate students to the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy, and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  Young Montanans who would like me to nominate them have until December 1 to submit their application.  If interested, visit my website at www.tester.senate.gov/nominations.
Today we honor the tremendous sacrifices made by our nation’s veterans.  Thank you to all the men and women – and their families – who selflessly serve our nation at home and abroad.  As a senior member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I will continue to fight hard to make sure veterans have access to the services they earned.  It was a tough year for America’s veterans and for the Department of Veterans Affairs.  But with unyielding commitment, I will make sure this nation honors its responsibilities to those who wear its uniform.  I wish all veterans and their families a peaceful Veterans Day.  Thank you for your service.
Happy 125th Birthday to the greatest state in the union! Montana, you don't look a day over 25.
In about 45 minutes I will be delivering a keynote address at Harvard to talk about the influence of money in politics. You can watch the speech online starting at 11:00 am MT / 1:00 pm ET.
One hundred years ago today, Montana led the way in giving women a right they should have had all along: the right to vote.  While it’s unfathomable now, just a century ago a Montana woman could not make her voice heard at the ballot box.  Moving forward, we must continue to ensure that the fundamental right of all Americans – the right to vote – is ensured and protected.
Plum Creek and the Nature Conservancy have demonstrated real Montana values by coming together and making sure Montanans for generations to come will have access to one of our state's most treasured places.  I'm pleased to see these two groups working collaboratively.  Because of this deal, Montana's hunters, anglers, outdoorsmen and women will have thousands of acres to enjoy for years to come.
The integrity of our elections is what preserves our democracy.  Efforts to undermine elections in Montana – whether by fraud or merely by poorly-designed experiments – must not be tolerated.
Just over one year ago – with your support – I stripped the Monsanto Protection Act from a government funding bill.  This victory for Montanans over corporate special interests remains in effect today.  SHARE the photo below to help me keep up the fight for accountability and transparency. #tbt
The Big Sky this past weekend over the farm outside Big Sandy.
"For working on multiple fronts to keep candidates and elections honest, we honor Sen. Jon Tester (D-MT) this month in our Public Service Spotlight."
That one time I had a goatee on the Senate floor... #tbt
A new report shows just how much money is being spent on the upcoming election to influence people’s votes and protect big money’s interests.  Click below to learn more and SHARE this post to spread the word and help me improve our campaign finance system
I've been on the road for the past three weeks traveling across Montana. Here's the story.
Teaming up with Judge Greg Pinski and officials in Cascade County today to announce new resources for the Veterans' Court in Great Falls.  Just like yesterday in Kalispell, this is another great example of Montanans working to support veterans 'on the ground.'
NA
I helped President Karas and Montana veterans dedicate Flathead Valley Community College’s Veterans’ Center today.  Initiatives like this center are good examples of getting needed resources and support to veterans ‘on the ground.'
I was proud to present Bernard with the medals he earned and proud to see folks recognizing his work as a Foster Grandparent.
Stopping by the Montana Standard this morning, I noticed a photo of Our Lady of the Rockies being placed atop the Continental Divide almost 30 years ago.  Overlooking Butte, she’s still a Montana treasure and remains the 2nd tallest statue in the U.S. after the Statue of Liberty. #tbt
Montana’s minimum wage will increase to $8.05/hr in January.  The minimum wage hasn’t kept up with inflation for decades, and this step keeps Montana ahead of the federal government once again and helps working families.
Visiting the Blackstone LaunchPad at MSU today to check on progress.  I helped bring the program to Montana last year to help young Montanans grow as entrepreneurs and start small businesses, and the results so far are promising!
Touring the Sourdough Fire Station in Bozeman today.  Firefighters put their lives on the line to help keep us safe, and I'm proud to have their backs in the Senate.
NA
As humans we are tied to place. We remember exactly where we were when we caught that first trout, or that first peak we climbed. We can not let those treasured places be sold to the highest bidder. #KeepItPublic
Photos from my field hearing in Sidney on challenges and solutions in the Bakken   
GEAR UP Week is coming to an end, but it’s not too late to join me in supporting GEAR UP’s mission of helping more low-income students continue their educations.  I met with GEAR UP students this summer and know they’re top-notch.  Head to Montana GEAR UP to help me support their critical mission.
Join me and Montana’s leading sportsmen and women for a public lands rally on Saturday in Helena.  We’ll be joined by conservation advocates who know that keeping our public lands public will preserve our outdoor traditions, heritage and economy.  Montana State Capitol, 12pm.  #keepitpublic
My veterans listening tour continues tomorrow in Miles City.  Join me at 10:30 a.m. at Miles City Community College, Room 106, 2715 Dickinson Street.
Tomorrow afternoon I’m kicking-off my latest veterans listening tour in Billings.  Montana veterans are welcome to join me at 1:30 p.m. at the Billings Public Library Community Room, on 510 Broadway.
Have you ever seen a corporation sport a flattop? I didn't think so. #CorpsArentPeople #FlattopFriday
Are we putting another war on our nation's credit card? 
Can a corporation fly a kite? No, #CorpsArentPeople.
Corporations aren't people. But the Supreme Court is granting corporations the same rights as you or me.  Can a corporation fish? No. Join my #CorpsArentPeople campaign.
Corporations aren't people.  But the Supreme Court is granting corporations the same rights as you or me.  But we all know that corporations can’t fish, walk a dog, or fly a kite.  Join my #CorpsArentPeople campaign and share these images.
I remind interested young Montanans to apply for military academy nominations. Young folks with dedication and commitment to public service are our future.  Click below for more information.
Today I’m proud to celebrate the 20th Anniversary of AmeriCorps and the good work they’ve done in Montana.  Since 1994, nearly 9,000 members have served more than 8 million hours and improved over 15,000 miles of trail, weatherized more than 10,000 Montana homes and done so much more to benefit our communities. #AmeriCorps20
Getting big money out of our elections will improve how we govern and help break the gridlock in Washington, DC.  Today's failure to pass a Constitutional Amendment is a setback for our country.  I will not stop fighting to improve our elections and overturn Citizens United.  Watch my speech from earlier this week below.
On days like today, we pause to remember what it means to be American and to remember those who lost their lives thirteen years ago.  We ask ourselves why we were attacked.  We were attacked because we love liberty.  Because we value freedom.  And because we stand for something greater than ourselves.  There are folks out there who don’t value freedom the way we do.  The surge of ISIS in Iraq and Syria reminds us all of that.  The anniversary of September 11th is a reminder of what we fight for.  We fight for our ideals.  We fight for our right to be free.  And we fight to show the world that peace and prosperity should be our guiding lights.
I appreciate the President developing a coalition to take the fight to ISIS.  But this must be different from Iraq a decade ago.  It must be a true coalition with full support from our allies.  Moving forward, the President must meaningfully consult with Congress and keep American boots off the ground.  Above all, any mission must make Americans safer.
It's time to put people and their ideas back in charge of our elections. "Like" and "Share" if you want to overturn Citizens United. 
Proud to award the Distinguished Service Medal and other medals to the family of the late Edmond Juneau on Friday.  Edmond was a World War II hero who bravely fought for our country.
“Young folks in Montana aren’t getting their #FairShot at success. US student debt is over $1.1 trillion, and the cost of college has increased by 300% during the past 30 years. It’s unfair, unsustainable, and crippling our economy.  Congress must help make Higher Education more affordable. Young folks ought to have #DegreesNotDebt”
Montana veterans earned high-quality health care, and they deserve to see results from reform at the VA.  The VA’s new recruitment drive and incentives to add more health professionals will improve care and services.  It’s part of my pledge to do everything I can for Montana veterans.
Must read article in the Montana Kaimin about my Forest Jobs and Recreation Act:   http://www.montanakaimin.com/news/article_f5eb2e5e-32f1-11e4-8535-001a4bcf6878.html
Labor Day in Butte and Missoula
No matter the business, no matter the era, we respect those who put in an honest day’s work.  As Montanans, we put special stock in the men and women who labor tirelessly to provide for their families and strengthen their communities.  As your senior Senator, I’ll keep working to make sure Montanans enjoy what so many have fought for: fair wages, quality health care, first-rate schools, and our right to organize and bargain.  Montana and this country are strong because of our workers, and together we will ensure America remains the greatest country on Earth.   Have a safe and happy Labor Day.
Police departments lack the resources to investigate and detain human trafficking offenders.  By no fault of their own, these departments are often ill-equipped to root out the bad actors. We need to address this problem head-on.  
Tax cheats are bad enough, but when they threaten national security, it’s gone to another level.  LIKE and SHARE to join me in telling the government to take action and stop this slap-in-the-face to American taxpayers and our safety.
On this day in 1920, all American women gained the right to vote after the 19th Amendment became law.  Ninety-four years later, we must use the ballot box to make sure women receive equal pay for equal work and have access to basic health care.
In Pablo with Interior Secretary Jewell and CSKT Chairman Trahan to discuss ways to support Indian Country and improve the land buy-back program.
Havre has it! It was truly an honor to give the keynote speech at the Bullhook Community Health Center dedication today. Thanks to everyone who helped turn an empty lot into a state-of-the-art medical facility.
Every day our law enforcement officers place themselves in harm's way in order to make our communities safer.  Sharla and I send our thoughts and prayers to all those in Cascade County.  During this difficult time we remember the tremendous sacrifices that our law enforcement and their families make to ensure that safety.
It was a great day in Great Falls!
Join me for my veterans listening session tomorrow in Great Falls. 
Now this is the good life!
#KeepItPublic
Spying on law-abiding Americans is unacceptable.  Folks are sick and tired of intelligence agencies running amok, and this recent news only makes things worse.  These actions cannot stand, and I will keep working with my colleagues to make sure that the Intelligence Community starts respecting civil liberties.
C-130s are big planes with a big mission, and they’re the right fit for Montana. That’s why I fought hard to get them here and why I’m fighting to modernize Montana’s entire C-130 fleet so they can keep working for decades to come. http://1.usa.gov/1u50liF
Today I had the honor of speaking to a group of tribal educators about the importance of preserving our Native Languages. Right after that my Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act passed out of committee.
Late last night I signed my name in support of the VA reform compromise.  Now, let’s get our VA reform bill to the President’s desk and make sure the VA is worthy of the sacrifices of our military men and women. http://bit.ly/WLLSNN
This weekend, seven veterans were laid to rest at Yellowstone National Cemetery in Laurel.  We must never forget the sacrifices that all of our military men and women make on behalf of our country. http://bit.ly/1lNEjvo
If there’s any one thing that should cause a politician to look past political games, it’s our nation’s veterans. It’s time for the House to stop playing games and do the hard work of reforming the VA and making sure our veterans get the care they earned. Veterans are watching. http://1.usa.gov/1kef4Yn
Summer is in full swing and so are Montana’s Glacier National Park and Yellowstone National Park. Go out and explore our treasured places and remember why Montana is The Last Best Place and why we have to preserve our public lands  #keepitpublic
Montanans use Duck Stamps as hunting licenses and the proceeds go to preserving some of our best places to hunt.  I introduced a bipartisan bill to make sure Duck Stamps keep up with the times so Montana outdoorsmen and women can continue to enjoy our treasured outdoor traditions. 
I threw out the opening pitch at the Helena Brewers game last night. Good thing I have all 5 fingers on my right hand.    (photo credit: KXLH Reporter Alex Clark)
The downing of the airplane over Ukraine is incredibly tragic.  Sharla and I send our thoughts and prayers to the families who lost loved ones in this terrible incident.
Red tape shouldn’t ever hurt rural fire departments, but especially not during fire season.  Click on the link to see how I helped get Montana firefighters more of the equipment they need to keep our families and communities safe: http://1.usa.gov/1suT7Xi
Passing a VA reform bill is taking far too long and that’s because some members are balking at the cost of providing veterans with quality health care. But we just shipped about 800 troops to Iraq and no one said a word about cost. Providing for veterans when they return from harm’s way IS a cost of war. http://bit.ly/UaKemN
Tomorrow, the Senate will vote to overturn the Hobby Lobby decision that gave corporations more power to make health care decisions for their employees. Employers should not be standing between women and their doctors, and tomorrow’s vote gives Congress a chance to restore access to care.
Internships are a wonderful opportunity for college students and recent graduates to learn about government through public service.  My office is accepting applications for my fall internship program in Washington D.C. To learn more click below:
Montana’s Tejay van Garderen has had a rough first week at the Tour de France.  But Montanans fight through – and we know how to climb and pick up time in the mountains.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in wishing Tejay a strong rest of the race.
In Montana, we value our individual rights.  But the Supreme Court has forgotten that corporations are not people, and don’t have the same Constitutional rights as you and me.  Watch me speak on the Senate floor to remind folks in Washington that we have to keep corporations out of our private lives, out of our bedrooms, and out of our religious decisions.
Thanks to the Supreme Court, a nameless, faceless corporation can stand between a woman and her basic health care needs. A woman's health care decisions should be made in private in consultation with her doctor. That’s why Senator John Walsh and I are cosponsoring the Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act - to overturn the Hobby Lobby decision.  
Accessing these lands is our birthright, and this bill delivers on the centuries-old promise to preserve our outdoor heritage.  By passing this bipartisan legislation, we will help ensure future generations get to experience the natural wonders that were passed down to us.
The Highway Trust Fund supports road projects in every corner of our country. Here in Montana, it helps rebuild roads and bridges in small towns like Bainville and cities like Missoula. It keeps our communities stitched together and supports a modern transportation system.  
Sharla and I want to wish you a happy and safe 4th of July!
When folks go missing on federal lands, search-and-recovery teams should be able to go in after them as quickly as possible.  But that isn’t always the case.  That’s why I’m supporting a bill to reduce red tape so recovery missions can deploy as quickly as possible. http://1.usa.gov/1kful5p
The U.S. Supreme Court got it wrong in the Hobby Lobby decision. Corporations are not people and they should not be interfering in a woman's access to basic health care. This decision allows corporate executives to extend their reach from the boardroom to the bedroom and that's unacceptable.
It was just over a month ago that we dedicated the Yellowstone National Cemetery in Laurel as a national burial ground, and now the new sign has been installed.  A big thanks to everyone who made this possible!
Today the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a rule intended to protect women from intimidation and harassment when seeking reproductive health care.  Women have the right to make their own health care decisions in private.  I am deeply disappointed by today’s decision that weakens a woman’s right to privacy.
Today is the 138th anniversary of the Battle of Little Bighorn.  The battlefield serves as a monument to our past and a reminder that America can only move forward if we work together in peace.
Click below to watch the first meeting of the veterans’ conference committee live online.  As a member of the panel, I’m standing up for Montana veterans’ priorities and fighting to increase access to care.
Sharla and I send our thoughts and prayers to the families and friends of firefighter Todd Rummel, Matthew Boegli, Crystal Ross and Matthew and Crystal's three children, Breighton, Peighton and Madison. Please keep them all in mind and follow the link if you’d like to help their families:
Montana State University is one of five universities in America selected to have their research experiments conducted by astronauts on the International Space Station – that’s pretty incredible!
A Constitutional Amendment I support to once again let people and their ideas – not the wealthy few and their money – decide our elections passed the Senate Judiciary Committee today.  I’ll keep fighting to make sure regular folks have a say when deciding the future of our country.
If we go back to Iraq, we’re going to get the same results as we did back in 2003. We’re going to put people’s lives on the line, we are going to add to that $17 trillion debt like we’ve never seen before - when we have bridges and roads and education systems that need to be funded here.  Those fiscal hawks that want to go in and spend all that money, I think it’s the wrong decision.  
Thank you to all the men and women who joined me in Anaconda to share their concerns about VA healthcare. Our nation’s veterans deserve the very best, and I will use your ideas as we keep working to make the VA all that it should be.
Tomorrow morning I’m kicking off my latest veterans listening tour in Anaconda discuss improving VA healthcare.  Montana veterans are welcome to join me at the American Legion at 8:30 a.m.
Congratulations to Sanderson Stewart – the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s 2014 DREAM BIG Small Business of the Year! It’s great to see Montana businesses thriving and being honored for their hard work and dedication to their community.
There's nothing like a hard day’s work on the farm. This one was taken back in 2006. #tbt
There are serious problems with access to care at VA facilities across the country. Today I held a hearing on the VA’s IT infrastructure. Our veterans deserve better than an antiquated scheduling system. We must get veterans in the door for appointments more quickly. http://1.usa.gov/1mEBZXp
Representing Montana at the 70th Anniversary of D-Day was such an honor. Here are a few photos that Sharla and I snapped. One of the most memorable moments was finding a headstone of a Montana soldier who died in battle. I'll never forget this trip.
Tomorrow is the 70th anniversary of D-Day, the Allied invasion of Normandy. Sharla and I will fly to France tonight to honor America’s Greatest Generation – including the nearly 4,000 Montana WWII veterans still living today –  who put everything on the line for the freedom of others. #TBT
Right now, the average federal student loan rate is nearly double the rate many people pay on their mortgage.  That’s not fair to students who work hard to get a good education and are forced to start their careers in debt.  I’m supporting the Federal Student Loan Refinancing Act to allow students to consolidate their loans and save money. http://1.usa.gov/1i32xjP
We must restore public trust in our government by “Closing the Revolving Door” to ban lawmakers from lobbying Congress. http://1.usa.gov/1otU25a
On June 2, 1924, all Native Americans were granted full citizenship in the United States.  Ninety years later, we have more to do to live up to our trust responsibility to Indian Country.
NA
Today I announced a series of statewide veterans listening sessions and a legislative agenda to address access to care issues at the VA. I'm also outlining a process so my office can receive whistle blower complaints from VA staff. Veterans earned high quality, timely health care. I will continue my efforts to improve their lives.
Secretary Shinseki’s record of service and his efforts to improve the lives of his fellow veterans stand for what is right about America.  From additional community-based outpatient clinics and veterans centers, to improved use of telemedicine and a renewed focus on mental health, Secretary Shinseki and I worked hard together to improve the lives of Montana veterans.  Moving forward, I will re-double my efforts to ensure that the VA is effectively serving veterans across the country.  I look forward to working with Acting Secretary Gibson to aggressively change the VA’s culture and get veterans the timely care and benefits they have earned.
Today I helped collect signatures for the Healthy Montana Initiative which expands Medicaid to 70,000 uninsured Montanans. No one should be forced to go without health coverage.
One case of domestic violence is too many. Meeting with providers and survivors in Bozeman to discuss the Violence Against Women Act. We must support folks on the ground who do the important work of helping survivors of domestic and sexual violence.
As the Billings Gazette reports, the health of Native Americans has been jeopardized by what they call a dysfunctional Indian Health Service. That’s why I’m holding a field hearing to hear from folks on the ground about how we can improve the delivery of health care for Indian Country. Read more: bit.ly/1kkBJA0
Today I joined Montana veterans and their families to dedicate the Yellowstone National Cemetery in honor of the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice. We must continue to honor our heroes, not only on Memorial Day, but also tomorrow and the day after.
NA
FSA offices provide farmers and ranchers valuable information to run their businesses. With the new Farm Bill coming on line, it’s important they stay open. That’s why I’m making sure that producers – who already travel long distances to see their FSA agent – don’t have to travel even further to get the information they need. http://1.usa.gov/1nBJdh4
I’m calling for equal voting access for Native Americans because the right to vote is a sacred right that should not be infringed upon.  1.usa.gov/1jZuGrk
I’m pleased to see that four Montana couples are filing a marriage equality lawsuit. Montanans believe in the right to make a good life for their families, and denying some couples the right to marry denies them happiness and equal protection under the law.  It’s time our laws reflect our values.
Montanans start small businesses at a higher rate than anyone else in the country.  If we’re going to stay number one, we have to make sure business owners and  entrepreneurs have the resources they need to succeed. That’s why I’m backing a bill to make sure business owners can access capital to grow and create jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1vBKWIF
On Armed Forces Day, let's remember all the men and women who proudly serve our nation.
I’m getting the facts about the allegations surrounding the VA. Today, my Veterans’ Affairs Committee heard testimony from Secretary Shinseki and several veterans organizations about how to improve access to care.  I will always fight for America’s veterans because they earned the very best.
The Defense Dept. is the only federal department that has not conducted a full audit of its spending.  LIKE and SHARE this post if you agree with me that DoD must do better.
I spoke with Andrea Mitchell Reports today about serious issues at the VA. Some are already calling for VA Secretary Shinseki to resign, even before we have an investigation. While finding a scapegoat may be politically convenient, it’s irresponsible. That’s why I’m holding a hearing next week to get to the bottom of this. http://on.msnbc.com/1kSQRR4
Today is National School Nurse Day –  a chance to thank nurses and remind folks how important they are to keeping our kids safe at school. Less than half of Montana counties have school nursing, and that’s why I’m introducing a bill that helps schools hire nurses and pay their salaries. http://1.usa.gov/1iYbGPj
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day.  As a parent and former teacher, I know what a positive role good teachers can play in the lives of our kids and grandkids.  Thank you to all the hard-working Montanans who prepare tomorrow’s leaders every day.
You must not let fear of the unknown or unfamiliar stop you from your next challenge. The fact is, if I let fear set in, I wouldn’t have left the farm. I wouldn’t have graduated from college. I wouldn’t have run for the school board or become a state senator. And I sure wouldn’t have become a U.S. Senator.
Congratulations to all the graduates! It's an honor to give the commencement speech at Helena College today.
I'm calling for an investigation into Indian Health Services to ensure that Native Americans have access to quality health care.   Read more about the issues facing IHS here:
I’m pleased to see today’s jobs report. But as we know, Montana continues to outpace the rest of the nation with a rate of 5.1%.
Some smart kids from Sunburst put their minds to stopping the blowing salt clouds that put drivers in north-central Montana at risk.  And their work earned them top prize at a national engineering competition.  Watch their story:
The Kauffman Foundation once again named Montana the number one state in the nation to start or expand a business.  From our great outdoors to our world-class universities to our hard-working men and women, Montana has everything businesses need to succeed.  http://bit.ly/1j8BDGU
Raising the minimum wage will help 80,000 Montanans make ends meet and put more money into the pockets of local business owners. That’s what I voted to do today.  Unfortunately, a minority of senators blocked the increase that the American people want and working families need.
Preventative health care improves women’s health and supports strong families. That’s why I’m pushing the Senate to strengthen investments in Title X, so women and families of all backgrounds can get the quality health care they deserve. http://1.usa.gov/1kfu3fi
Today Senator John Walsh and I had the privilege of greeting the veterans who were taking part in the Big Sky Honor Flight.
Good news for eastern Montana: the U.S. Department of Justice has just announced $3 million in grant funding to support survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault in the Bakken. http://1.usa.gov/PBc4WQ
To quote FDR: “Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.” During National Park Week, let’s support our most treasured landscapes.
My work doesn't stop when Congress takes a break. This week, I'm planting lentils, peas and barley on the same land my family has worked for over 100 years. http://bit.ly/1icI8HD
Today is the 5th Anniversary of the Serve America Act that expands national service initiatives like AmeriCorps.  Whether bringing meals to seniors or mentoring young students, Montanans who serve our communities make our state a better place and deserve our support.
April is the Month of the Military Child. LIKE this post to join me in recognizing the children of our military men and women and the sacrifices they make.
Spring flooding is causing us trouble - let's get Montana the help it needs. 
NA
I was proud to dedicate the Billings VA Clinic today. It will provide our veterans with some of the best medical care our nation has to offer. Our military men and women deserve it. They earned it.
Tomorrow I'll be joining Montana veterans and VA officials to dedicate the expansion of the Billings VA Clinic! Our vets have earned high-quality health care, and I'm proud to lead the charge to increase their access to new services.
Too many service members suffering from the unseen wounds of war – like PTSD – are wrongfully discharged and denied the benefits and care they earned.  I’m teaming up with Senator John Walsh to make sure the men and women who honorably served our nation don’t fall through the cracks.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1g8gcVB
It’s Equal Pay Day and Montana women still make 76 cents for every dollar that their male coworkers make.  Montana and this country can do better.  That’s why I’m cosponsoring the Paycheck Fairness Act.  LIKE and SHARE this video to join me in support of Equal Pay for Equal Work.
Senator John Walsh and I today tried to pass the North Fork Watershed Protection Act out of the Senate, but some folks decided to hold it up and play politics instead. http://1.usa.gov/1hFTtUF
The Supreme Court just decided a wealthy few could spend as much money as they want to manipulate our democracy and buy our elections. Today’s ruling follows in the footsteps of the disastrous Citizens United decision. I will continue fighting to make sure Montanans’ voices are heard – so that people and their ideas decide our elections.
Governor Steve Bullock is hosting the first ever Equal Pay Summit today at MSU, reminding us it’s time to end pay discrimination against women once and for all. Let’s recognize the hard work Montana women do every day by paying them what they deserve. That’s why I will keep fighting to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act in the U.S. Senate.
I'm on Twitter too! Click to follow my official Senate Twitter account: @SenatorTester   
In 1977 it took the federal government 61 days to process federal workers’ retirement.  In 2014, it STILL takes 61 days.  Now, I’m leading a bipartisan group to do something about it: http://1.usa.gov/1dyRDpi
Remembering back to the day I was sworn in. #tbt
NA
NA
Open government is good government, and there’s no better time to call for more transparent leadership than Sunshine Week. LIKE and SHARE to spread the word about the benefits of more transparency and accountability in government.
Wrapped up a good trip around Montana with Interior Secretary Jewell today by seeing the Crown of the Continent and Ft. Peck/Dry Prairie Water Project.  We heard many good ideas from Montanans about the best ways to protect our outdoor heritage while growing our state's economy.
Spending the weekend touring Montana with Interior Secretary Sally Jewell and showing her some of the places and people that make our state The Last Best Place.  Check back in tomorrow for more photos.
Honored to serve as a Senate co-chair this year for the U.S. Senate Youth Program.  Young Americans – like Montana students Rachel Skaar of Helena and Sharidan Russell of Polson – represent the best of our nation, and it was a pleasure to meet them this week.
Congratulations to Montana’s National Science Bowl regional champions from Will James Middle School in Billlings and Helena High.  Join me in wishing them good luck as they prepare for the National Science Bowl in Washington, D.C. next month.
Today is International Women's Day.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in celebrating and recognizing the achievements of women in our society and the progress we must continue to make.
Hosting my 14th Small Business Opportunity Workshop today in Helena to help Montana's small businesses tap into our state's manufacturing potential, create jobs and strengthen our economy.
Ninety-seven years ago today, Montana’s groundbreaking Jeannette Rankin became the first woman to serve in Congress.  Nearly a century later, we still need more Montana women, like our new Lieutenant Governor Angela McLean, to get involved in public service and make a difference for Montanans.
Maranda Ratcliff of Billings and Thomas Henson of Whitefish have just been accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md.  I was proud to nominate them.  LIKE and SHARE to join me in thanking Maranda and Thomas for their commitment to service.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Missoulians who survived yesterday's avalanche, and I hope they make a speedy recovery.  Stay safe.
Senator John Walsh today backed the North Fork Watershed Protection Act, joining me and the thousands of Montanans working to protect one of the world’s best outdoor places.  Join me in thanking Senator Walsh for standing up for Montana’s outdoors and our way of life.
This week I called out the Department of Homeland Security for proposing a misguided plan to collect license tag numbers from vehicles nationwide.  Montanans elected me to protect their privacy rights, and I will continue to stand up to any proposal that threatens the privacy of law-abiding Americans. http://1.usa.gov/1hXhjh4
Join me for my upcoming Manufacturing Small Business Opportunity Workshop in Helena next Friday, March 7.  RSVP at www.tester.senate.gov/rsvp.
Congratulations to Montana Olympians Maggie Voisin, Bradley Wilson, Heather McPhie and Torin Koos.  These four athletes proudly represented our state and nation in Sochi and make Montana proud.
Meeting Montanans from Miles City to Wolf Point this week during my tour across eastern Montana with Senator Walsh.
Happy Birthday to the League of Women Voters! LIKE and SHARE to join me in saying thank you to the League for working to strengthen our democracy for the last 94 years.
Washington, D.C. may be covered in snow, but my office is open and taking calls from Montanans.
The Transportation Department wants all cars to come equipped with data recorders – like the black boxes they use on airplanes.  That’s good for investigations, but bad for Montanans’ privacy.  I recently co-sponsored a bipartisan bill to make it clear that black boxes belong to car owners.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dJ8TRU
The Peace Corps announced today that the University of Montana is one of the top colleges nationwide for sending graduates overseas to serve as volunteers.  Join me in thanking the Griz in the Peace Corps for their service and for making the world a better place.
Thank you Max for your service to Montanans.  I know you will continue to stand up for our state as you serve our nation overseas.
The Farm Bill finally passed Congress today.  This bipartisan, long-term bill will give Montana's farmers and ranchers the certainty they need while saving taxpayers billions.  I will continue to support our state's hard-working producers who put food on our plates and drive our state's number one industry.
Join me in congratulating Flathead County's Nicole Heavirland and Gunnar Boose on their acceptance to the U.S. Military Academy.  I was proud to nominate them and wish them and their families good luck as they continue Montana's proud military tradition.
This week I called on the President to fully fund initiatives that strengthen public land access and Montana's outdoor economy.  SHARE the photo below to spread the word about the need to fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
NA
LIKE and SHARE some good news for American taxpayers: After I found out that some Homeland Security Department employees abused overtime pay and cost taxpayers millions, I called on the department to fix the problem.  Department officials today informed me that they are putting the brakes on some employees’ overtime pay while they make changes.  Read more below.
‘Congressional recess’ may mean Congress isn’t voting, but it does give us the chance to hear straight from our constituents.  Last week I traveled across central Montana to meet with women's rights groups, educators and business leaders.  I even got to read to my grandson's kindergarten class.
Congrats to Montana's three Olympians.
Forty-one years ago today, the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions.  It’s a right I’m proud to keep fighting for today.
The President today spoke about the federal government's surveillance programs, and while I’m glad he is implementing many of my ideas to rein in surveillance, there is no substitute for an open and honest debate about these issues in Congress.  Too many questions remain about the reach of intelligence agencies into Americans’ private lives.  Striking the right balance between national security and civil liberties is difficult, but the burden of proof must fall on the government and not on Montanans going about their daily lives.
Talking about the troubling influence of money in politics earlier today on Morning Joe.  LIKE and SHARE to help me spread the word about the damage that unlimited and secret spending is having on our government and society.
Proud to see folks recognizing my work to make Washington a more transparent and accountable place:
After helping Tricon Timber in St. Regis reach a fair buy-out agreement with the Forest Service to keep the Mineral County company in business, I stopped by for a tour this weekend.  Timber companies like Tricon strengthen western Montana's economy, and supporting them gets folks back to work in the woods and restores the health of Montana's forests.  http://1.usa.gov/1cfW9By
Congratulations to Columbus' Nathan Miller, Ronan's Tel Motichka and Bozeman's Jason Holmes on being accepted to our nation's outstanding service academies.  LIKE and SHARE to join me in thanking them for their service and wishing them luck as they continue Montana's proud service tradition.
Click SHARE to spread the news: Missoula is fifth among small cities nationwide when it comes to starting new, high-tech businesses.  I’ll keep pushing to help Montana entrepreneurs get their companies off the ground to strengthen our economy and create more jobs.
It’s 2014, and time to keep helping brew up new Montana jobs.  I’m sponsoring a bill to cut taxes on Montana brewers so they can grow their companies and re-invest in new jobs.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/JOzPbg
LIKE and SHARE the news: The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee this morning approved my Forest Jobs and Recreation Act.  This is great progress for Montana’s economy, Montana jobs and our treasured places, and I will continue fighting for final passage.
This Thursday, my Montana-made Forest Jobs and Recreation Act will be voted on in a key Senate committee.  I worked with folks of all stripes to get FJRA to this point, and Thursday's vote can bring Montana one step closer to restoring the health of our forests and getting folks back to work in the woods.
Check out the video below to see how I am helping to keep Missoula's Neptune Aviation flying and protecting Montana communities from wildfire.
Government offices in Washington D.C. are closed because of light snow and rain, but my offices in D.C. and Montana are open for business.  Making Washington look at little more like Montana apparently includes setting an example and getting to work in the snow.
I talked with Fresh Tracks host Randy Newberg about the importance of expanding access to Montana's public lands for hunters, anglers, and outdoorsmen and women.
Watch me on CNN this afternoon at 4:30 p.m. MT.  I’ll be on Crossfire to debate Congressman Adam Kinzinger from Illinois about how to make Congress work better and end dysfunction in Washington, D.C.  Click SHARE to tell your friends.
Touring the employee-owned Pacific Steel and Recycling yesterday in Billings.  Good to see an employee-owned company growing and creating jobs.  Read more here: http://bit.ly/1g34Qq8
Small businesses are a part of who we are as Montanans, and on Saturday you have a chance to support your local small business as part of Small Business Saturday.  LIKE this post to join me in shopping local this Saturday and throughout the holiday season.
Good news for Montana veterans: My push to get the VA to allow more Montana heroes a proper burial at Yellowstone County Veterans Cemetery was successful.  Now, more Montana veterans will get the ever-lasting respect they earned.
Today is National Rural Health Day.  There are challenges to providing quality health care in rural states like Montana, but we overcome them when we work together to increase access like we have for generations. Learn more about National Rural Health Day HERE: http://celebratepowerofrural.org/
It's American Education Week. As a former teacher, I know how hard my fellow educators work to prepare tomorrow's leaders.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in thanking all Montana teachers for giving our kids and grandkids the best chance to succeed.
Veterans health care took a big step forward today when the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee approved my legislation to expand access to care in rural America.  All veterans earned access to quality health care - including mental health care - and I will keep fighting to make sure they get the care and benefits they need no matter where they live. http://1.usa.gov/17JI8jT
I took strong steps to protect Montana’s family farmers and producers from burdensome regulations in the food safety modernization law, but the FDA’s proposed rules are ignoring my law’s intent.  Click SHARE to spread the word and let folks know they can get more info and comment at: http://1.usa.gov/17wClZx
The pay system for the men and women who defend America's borders is out-of-date and too often abused by folks who aren't on the front lines.  Senator John McCain and I are introducing a common-sense bill that will provide more certainty for Border Patrol Agents and save taxpayers money.  (http://1.usa.gov/1hGgqJa)
Today is Veterans Day.  LIKE and SHARE this photo to remind a friend to join us in honoring the service and sacrifices of veterans and their families.  As your Senator, I will work every day to make sure this nation keeps its promises to our veterans.
Montana joined the Union 124 years ago today.  SHARE your favorite Treasure State stories to join me in celebrating the birthday of the greatest state in the greatest nation on Earth.
NA
I get my best ideas by meeting with folks across Montana.  I recently traveled around our state and met with women's health providers, firefighters, students – and even referees – who want Congress to work better and do right by Montana.
Meeting with Montana sheriffs and law enforcement officials this week to discuss the importance of early childhood education in keeping kids out of trouble and setting them on the right path.
Pyramid Mountain Lumber's Loren Rose and other Montana timber industry leaders back my Forest Jobs and Recreation Act.  READ and SHARE their article to see how my common-sense, Made-in-Montana plan will restore our forests and get Montanans back to work in the woods.
It was an honor to present Bozeman Police Officer Cory Klumb with the Purple Heart he earned during his military service in Iraq. LIKE and SHARE to join me in thanking Cory for his service and sacrifice.
Taking care of our public lands is good for businesses. 
It's Domestic Violence Awareness Month, and today I toured the The Friendship Center in Helena.  The Friendship Center does important work providing safe shelter and support for survivors of domestic and sexual violence.
With your support, I stripped the Monsanto Protection Act out of the government funding bill.  This is a victory for Montanans over corporate special interests.  SHARE the photo below to join my fight for accountability and transparency.
I’m relieved that common sense has finally prevailed and we are able to reopen the federal government and pay our nation’s bills.  I hope that in the future we can continue to have serious conversations about our nation’s debt and deficit without a minority of members of Congress holding our nation and the economy hostage.
Taking to the Senate floor to tell my colleagues to stop their political grandstanding, start responsibly governing and keep the government open – what our constituents need, and what they elected us to do.  WATCH and SHARE my speech if you agree.
Today is National Voter Registration Day.  Millions of Americans vote, don’t let them speak for you.  Go to http://ow.ly/dOyp4 to register to vote and make sure your voice is heard.
The House of Representatives voted today to cut the legs out from under working families across Montana who rely on nutrition assistance.  We have to get our deficit and debt under control, but denying food assistance to women and children is completely irresponsible.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in telling the House that their actions today will not stand.
Monday's tragic attack shows once again that our background check system is broken, and months ago I introduced a bipartisan bill to start fixing the process. WATCH AND SHARE my interview below to help me press Congress to pass my bipartisan bill so folks like Aaron Alexis no longer slip through the cracks.
This morning, I advocated for my bipartisan bill to reform and strengthen our nation’s housing finance system.  LIKE and SHARE these photos to help me raise awareness of the need to build a housing system that protects taxpayers and supports consumers while growing our economy.
AmeriCorps is celebrating 20 years of building affordable homes, serving families in need, and strengthening our communities.  LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in thanking AmeriCorps volunteers for working hard to make Montana a better place to live.
Twelve years later, September 11th remains a day never to forget.
 
 Today is also a day to thank and remember our service members, veterans, firefighters, police officers and emergency responders.  Their heroism on September 11th and in the days and years after remain an inspiration to us all.
 
 I encourage all Montanans today to take a moment to reflect on where we have come as a nation and where we must go.  And let us always cherish our freedoms and values that make the United States the greatest nation on Earth.
It was an honor to greet Montana’s World War II veterans at the Iwo Jima Memorial yesterday. LIKE and SHARE to join me in honoring our nation’s heroes.
Presenting Kent Rudolph and Mark Foster with the medals they earned but never received in service to our country. LIKE this post to join me in honoring Montana's and our nation's veterans.
NA
NA
Governor Steve Bullock and I attended the fire briefing today from the Type 1 Incident Commanders to get an update on the Lolo Creek Complex Fire.  Our appreciation goes out to the firefighters on the front lines working to contain the blaze.
Montana's firefighters are working around the clock and risking their lives to keep us safe.  It's our responsibility to make their jobs easier by using common sense when we enjoy our outdoors.  LIKE and SHARE this post to help me support Montana's hardworking firefighters.
Helium is used for everything from high-speed internet to life-saving medical equipment.  That’s why I am backing a bipartisan bill to make sure that Montana businesses can continue to access the nation's largest supplier of helium.  SHARE this post to show support for the Montana businesses and hospitals that rely on helium to keep us healthy, grow their companies and create jobs.
Touring Simms Fishing Products in Bozeman — a business that showcases Montana's entrepreneurial spirit and our love for the outdoors.
Phone calls are 13 times more likely to get dropped in rural America than in the rest of the country, hurting our small businesses and our families. LIKE this post to join me in calling on phone companies to provide better service to rural communities across the Big Sky State.
Touring storm damage today in the Gallatin Valley with Governor Bullock and local officials.
Talking Farm Bill and housing reform this morning with KTVQ host Lisa Hart.
With new threats today to our armed forces and diplomats overseas, it's important to remember just how far Montanans and all Americans go to protect our freedoms.  The picture below was taken in Kuwait.
Montanans have the right to know if they’re being spied on, and today I introduced a bill to get us more answers about the kind of information the government is collecting.  I will continue to fight against the government’s spy programs to protect our civil liberties.  LIKE this post and SHARE my speech below.
LIKE and SHARE this post to support my Forest Jobs bill that will put more Montanans to work taking care of our forests while protecting our most treasured lands.  My bill, which earned a Senate hearing today, is the product of Montanans from all walks of life coming together to break through the gridlock that’s hurt our forests and our economy for too long.
Today we celebrate the 60th Anniversary of the armistice that ended combat in the Korean War.  The Korean War is sometimes called the 'Forgotten War,' but it will never be forgotten for the thousands of brave Montanans who fought in the conflict and made tremendous sacrifices for our freedom.
LIKE and SHARE this post to join me in standing up against sexual assault in the military and supporting legislation to hold military commanders accountable.  Our military is the strongest in the world, but we cannot tolerate the epidemic of military sexual assault.  My bill empowers survivors and sends the message that MST is always unacceptable.  Read more HERE (http://1.usa.gov/1bnnoQh).
Rural veterans deserve the same level of care as veterans from urban areas, and today my newest measures to help more Montana veterans access the care and support they earned is one step closer to becoming law.  Read more about my bill here: 1.usa.gov/13bLa7B
Today I met with Butte's Deryn Ferguson and Nathan Steilman — two smart students who care about strengthening their community and Montana.  Deryn and Nathan visited Washington, D.C. as part of the Do the Write Thing Essay Challenge.
Meeting today with Miss America, Mallory Hagan, to talk about the importance of Child Advocacy Centers in the fight against child abuse.
Happy 90th Birthday to Bob Dole – a leader of our nation’s Greatest Generation.  Twice a recipient of the Purple Heart, Bob dedicated his life to public service and he continues to be a champion for our nation’s veterans.
Announcing a $2 million investment by Blackstone's LaunchPad initiative to help Montana college students start small businesses and create jobs in Montana.
LIKE and SHARE the video below to join me in fighting terrible diseases like pancreatic cancer that take too many of our family and friends too soon.
Our country was founded to protect freedom of speech and freedom of the press, and that's why I’m introducing a bipartisan bill to strengthen journalists' First Amendment rights.  LIKE or SHARE to join me in standing up for the Constitutional rights of ALL Americans: 1.usa.gov/13kotlR
Great news… Yellowstone National Park has already had over one million visitors this year.  Click LIKE and share your favorite Yellowstone story below.
Unless Congress acts to keep student loan rates low, over 24,000 Montana students will pay more for their education this year than last year.  LIKE and SHARE if you agree with me that Congress must pass a fair solution to keep student loan rates low and higher education within reach for Montanans: 1.usa.gov/1aqIQmK
As Congress looks for ways to reduce our debt, it's time to bring common-sense to how we pay government contractors.  That's why I'm supporting a bipartisan bill that cuts pay for contractor executives and saves taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. 1.usa.gov/184JGok
Sharla and I are thinking of the families of the 19 firefighters who lost their lives in Arizona.  Firefighters like Montana's Dustin Deford don't set out to be heroes, but that's what they are. Wildland firefighters take tremendous risks to protect our families and our communities, and we should never take their courage or their sacrifices for granted.
Montana's breathtaking landscapes should be enjoyed by our future generations.  That's why I'm calling on the U.S. Forest Service to make sure Montana's treasured places are preserved. http://1.usa.gov/11SOQf9
The bill the Senate passed today fixes our broken immigration system.  It secures our border, requires folks to earn their citizenship, and it improves our economy by verifying who is eligible to work and penalizing those who break the law.  It’s a fair, honest, and American solution – and it’s one that our forefathers who built this country would stand behind.
Glacier National Park's Going-to-the-Sun Road is now open.  Come and enjoy the Crown of the Continent.
Today I introduced a new bill to better protect Americans' privacy and making it harder for the government to collect phone records.  LIKE and SHARE this post if you agree that we need to rein in government and make sure Washington isn’t running all over our Constitutional rights.
Today the House of Representatives failed to pass their Farm Bill.  Two years in a row, the Senate has passed a bipartisan, five-year plan that saves taxpayer dollars and preserves a strong safety net.  It's time for the House to get on board and support Montana's number one industry.
After finding out a 29-year-old contractor leaked classified national security information, I am chairing a hearing today to question top officials how they issue security clearances.  Watch LIVE at 12:30 MT: http://cs.pn/hofsb4
In November, Montana voters directed me to introduce a Constitutional Amendment to get the dark, secret money out of our elections and make it clear that corporations are not "people."  Today, I'm proudly taking that step.  Watch my press conference LIVE at 10 a.m. MT: http://bit.ly/18W0TAy
It was an honor to spend the morning with World War II veterans from Montana.  LIKE and SHARE these photos to help me honor their service.
Today is Elder Abuse Awareness Day, when we shed light on – and take steps to fight – fraud and abuse against our seniors.  SHARE this post to remind a friend that it's the responsibility of all of us to care for those who once cared for us.
I had the opportunity to meet with a group of Stevensville High School Yellow Jackets this week.  I always enjoy meeting young Montanans because they ask tough questions and truly care about the issues that affect our state.
I'm taking advantage of my new chairmanship to improve veterans' access to quality mental health care in rural America.  My new bill will strengthen mental health care to help ALL VETERANS get the care they need: http://1.usa.gov/ZMFmnK
"We can have our freedoms, we can have our civil liberties, and we can have our security, but we need to have a debate to make sure we're heading in the right direction as a country." Watch me explain my opposition to NSA data mining: http://bit.ly/12Jh8yE
Law-abiding Americans have the right to know why the government wants to see their private electronic records.  That’s why I am sponsoring a bill requiring the Attorney General to shine more light the process.  LIKE this post and read my bill if you agree: http://1.usa.gov/14WxvCx
Montana's Jeannette Rankin — the first woman ever elected to Congress — was born on this day in 1880.  LIKE or SHARE to join me in appreciating Jeannette's pioneering role in our society.
Today's news that the NSA is collecting Americans' phone records is ‘Example A’ of what happens when government ignores our Constitutional rights.  Click LIKE and SHARE if you agree and watch me explain why I voted against giving the government this kind of power to spy on Americans: http://nbcnews.to/16NvQpP
Meeting with Montana students is the best part of my job, and today I talked about the issues with some “Bulldogs” from Choteau High School.
Speaking to 200 future Montana leaders at Girls State this weekend in Helena.
LIKE this post if you agree that a border fee is a bad idea for Montana's economy.
Touring the Smokejumper Center in Missoula.
Today we join together to say 'thank you' to the heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
Chairing my first hearing of the subcommittee on government efficiency, I pushed the VA to hire more staff so they can provide better health care in rural America. http://1.usa.gov/122ivZ4
The number of veterans waiting to get the benefits they earned is too high.  LIKE and SHARE this post if you agree that it's time for the VA and the Pentagon to live up to the promises we made our fighting men and women: http://1.usa.gov/Z0Nh0q
Inspectors General are government watchdogs that save taxpayer money and hold government officials accountable.  Today I told them they are needed now more than ever.  Read more about my speech here: http://1.usa.gov/13IYxAj
Saying hello to the WWII veterans who are in DC with the Big Sky Honor Flight
Scenes from my 13th Small Business Opportunity Workshop this morning in Bozeman.
Today, I told the President that if he is looking for "actions, not words" to reduce sexual assault in the military, I've proposed some immediate steps he can take.  Read more here: http://www.tester.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=2908
Montana business leaders told me that protecting our public lands is good for business and will help create jobs in the Big Sky State.  I couldn’t agree more: http://1.usa.gov/14onG1O
LIKE this post to join me in wishing Montana high school students good luck at this week's Society for Science and the Public science fair in Phoenix. Students from across our state are taking on the world's best science minds in the largest international pre-college science competition. I know they'll make us proud.
This is National Police Week, a time to recognize the selflessness of those who put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe.  Click LIKE to join me in thanking the men and women who help make Montana the best state to live, work and raise a family.
Talking to Big J on Hot 101.9 to kick off my day in Billings.
Had a great meeting with legendary Montana mountaineer Conrad Anker
Click LIKE if you agree with me that it's long past time for the President and Congress to fill vacancies and put more oversight officials on the job to better protect taxpayer dollars and cut wasteful spending.
May is Mental Health Awareness Month.  Mental illness is a growing problem in Montana and across the country, and we must take better care of the folks who need our help the most.  If you or someone you know struggles with mental illness, visit the site below.
Bill Rich made tremendous sacrifices and earned medals fighting for his country, and it's our job to make sure his story doesn't fall through the cracks.
This week is Public Service Recognition Week, when we honor the hard-working public servants who go the extra mile to serve our communities.  On behalf of all Montanans, thank you to our troops, our teachers, our firefighters, and the many others who keep us safe, strengthen our economy, and take care of our veterans.
Taking questions from fourth graders in Great Falls.
Join me in Bozeman for my upcoming Tourism Small Business Opportunity Workshop. For more details, click HERE: http://1.usa.gov/17wkFhR
Click LIKE if you agree with me that Montana families deserve to know if the food they buy is genetically engineered: http://1.usa.gov/ZQio0f
In rural America, it's the little guys who create economic opportunity, and it's our job to make smart investments that lay the groundwork for success: http://1.usa.gov/1805mPM
Join me, Delta Air Lines exec Eric Phillips, and Montana small business owners at MSU on May 17 to discuss the best ways to grow Montana's multi-billion dollar tourism industry.  Read more below and RSVP at www.tester.senate.gov/rsvp.
Forcing Montana’s small businesses to collect taxes for another state insults Montanans and makes it harder to create jobs.  Click LIKE if you agree: http://1.usa.gov/17VpDpF
Greeting Montana veterans at the World War II Memorial in Washington.
Today, as part of the third Big Sky Honor Flight, we welcome more Montana veterans to Washington, D.C. to see the WWII Memorial built in their honor.  We will always be grateful for their service and never forget their sacrifice.
The choir from Capital High School in Helena performed today in the Rotunda of the Russell Senate Office Building.
"Race to the Top must work better for kids in rural America:" http://1.usa.gov/Zs0Cia
We need to do everything we can to make sure folks get the mental health care they need: http://bit.ly/YDFhUe
Congratulations to Sally Jewell, our new Secretary of the Interior.  I look forward to working with her.
As North Korea continues to make threats against the United States, I’m reminding our military leaders about the critical role that Montana’s ICBMs and Airmen have in our national defense.
True to their word, Plum Creek is reopening in Evergreen.  This is great news for the Flathead and for Montana's economy.
Montana Transportation Director Mike Tooley understands America's roadways and railways.  That's why I endorsed him for the National Freight Advisory Committee.  His expertise, experience and knowledge of rural America make him the right man for the job.
Click here to bring a social media conference to Missoula: http://on.fb.me/17bf69x
Today is the first day of National Public Health Week.  Support for public health not only saves lives, it also reduces the cost of health care.  Learn more below:
Congratulations to Colstrip's Bjorn Briggs on being accepted to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  I was proud to nominate him and thank him for his courage and commitment to his country and to Montana.
Enjoyed my stop in Columbia Falls this week
Does Branson, Missouri deserve a national conference more than Missoula?  The answer is no.  Vote below to help boost Montana’s economy and bring a national social media gathering to Missoula.
Wishing Godspeed and a safe return to the men and women of the Montana National Guard 189th
NA
It’s time to stand up and address veterans’ mental health issues and make sure more Montana veterans get the care they need.  Read more about my Veterans’ Affairs hearing by clicking below.
NA
Today is National Agriculture Day - a day to remember where our food comes from and the farmers and ranchers who provide it. 
 Click LIKE to join me in thanking all Montana producers who work hard to feed our state and our nation.
Academy & ROTC Day on Saturday in Great Falls is a great opportunity for Montana students interested in the military to learn about our nation's service academies.  I encourage Montana's best and brightest to visit Building 64 of the Montana Air National Guard tomorrow from 9 a.m. until noon.
American engineer Shane Todd died mysteriously last year while working in Singapore.  It’s time to hold Singapore accountable to make sure the Todd family from Marion, MT gets the answers they deserve.  Read more below.
Corporate giveaways in must-pass bills undermine government and the trust of the people.  Montanans sent me here to fight for honest, transparent leadership and that’s what I’ll keep fighting to do.
I'm pleased that the Defense Department today agreed to review its plan to give higher rank to medals earned by drone pilots than medals – like the Purple Heart – earned by troops in combat.  I'll keep pushing to make sure that men and women who earn medals on the battlefield get the respect they deserve.
Today marks the start of AmeriCorps week when we recognize all the hard work AmeriCorps volunteers do to improve Montana.  If you know an AmeriCorps volunteer, thank them for making a difference for our families, for our neighbors, and for our communities.
Click LIKE to join me in telling the Defense Department that medals earned in direct combat - like the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart - should outrank medals earned away from the front lines.
Click LIKE to help me honor Missoula's David Thatcher and the other brave World War II veterans of the Doolittle Raid with the Congressional Gold Medal.
The Senate's bipartisan Violence Against Women Act is now one step from being law after the House of Representatives passed it today.  VAWA will provide greater protections against sexual and domestic violence and ensure that more Montana women and children lead full, healthy lives.  Passing it was the responsible thing to do to make Montana a better place to live and work.
Congratulations to Montana's Jarrett Guyer, Jackson Langland, Stewart Harris, Shelby Grant and Gabriella DeMarinis on being accepted to West Point.  I was proud to nominate each of them, and I know Montanans will join me in thanking them for their service to our country.
This week I introduced a bipartisan bill that requires all Senate candidates to file their campaign finance reports online so folks can see them right away. LIKE this post if you agree voters have a right to know who is funding our elections so they can hold candidates accountable.
Addressing the Montana Rural Water Systems Conference today.  My message: Investing in clean water builds strong communities that grow, create jobs, and turn challenges into opportunities.
Touring the Montana Food Bank Network in Missoula
I'm proud to push for a Montana hero to serve on a national commission examining the future of the U.S. Air Force.  Read more below.
Congratulations to Billings West High School's Josh Cohen on being accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy.  He is a hard worker and a committed teammate, and I know he will make all of Montana proud.
LIKE this post to join me in telling the Postmaster General that cutting mail service will unfairly burden rural America and force many Montanans to stop using the Postal Service.
Today I joined Congresswoman Chellie Pingree and Ruth Moore to introduce the Ruth Moore Act that makes it easier for military sexual assault survivors to get the benefits they deserve.
I'm proud to announce that today the Senate passed Violence Against Women Act.  Click LIKE to help me tell the House of Representatives to quickly pass our bipartisan bill to ensure that Montana women and children have every opportunity to lead safe, healthy lives.
Montana's renewable energy resources will create jobs and provide affordable energy across the nation, and we should do everything we can to responsibly harness those resources.  That's why I introduced a bipartisan bill to streamline the development of renewable energy on our public lands.
Congratulations to Broadwater High School's Kenny Hoeffner on being accepted to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  I was proud to nominate him.  His dedication to serving his country makes all Montanans proud.
A Guardsman's or Reservist's deployment should count toward early retirement no matter where it falls on the calendar.  The bill I introduced today knocks more common-sense into the military's retirement policy.  CLICK BELOW to find out more.
Smart investments in Montana's transportation system — like our highways and bridges — strengthen our economy and support our small businesses.  That's why I'm telling the President that the next Transportation Secretary must be a strong advocate for rural America. http://1.usa.gov/VVHer7
Our military heroes fought courageously for our nation, and no one should profit from lying about military service.  That's why today I introduced the Stolen Valor Act that honors the sacrifices of our heroes and the principles of our Constitution.
A parent burying a child is, in my opinion, the most painful experience a family can go through.  My bill, the Parental Bereavement Act, will give parents more time to grieve without fear of losing their jobs.
Fighting to make sure Montanans know where their food comes from.
Montanans made their voices heard and Glacier National Park will keep its famous red jammer buses.  Now folks will continue to enjoy this iconic part of the Glacier experience.
Montana parents and teachers know what's best for our students.  That's why I met with the Montana School Boards Association this week to discuss the need for greater local control in our public schools.
Today marks the four-year anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, a bill that was a down payment towards ensuring equal pay for equal work. But there is still more work to do to close the pay gap.  Click LIKE if you agree with equal pay for equal work.
Three years ago, the U.S. Supreme Court took elections out of the hands of Montanans by allowing corporations to spend secret sums of money.  That's why today I reintroduced a Constitutional Amendment to overturn the Supreme Court's ruling and put people back in charge of our elections.
Montana reported nearly 5,000 cases of domestic or sexual violence in 2011.  Enough is enough.
Meeting with Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel
Montanans expect Congress to pass a long-term plan to address our debt and deficit instead of threatening to shut down the government.  My End Government Shutdowns Act will make sure Congress gets serious instead of putting Montanans and our economy in jeopardy.  Read more below.
My Forest Jobs bill and my Sportsmen's Act have bipartisan support and create Montana jobs. It's time for Congress to quit playing politics and pass these bills to strengthen our economy.
The Forest Service this week gave its final go-ahead on the Colt Summit forest restoration project.  This Made in Montana solution will create jobs while restoring forest health.  Read more BELOW.
Congratulations to Red Lodge High School's Garrett Carlson on being accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy.  I was proud to nominate him, and I know he will make all of Montana proud.
Meeting with the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribal Council
Joining Boy Scout Troop 7 from Billings at the Montana State Capitol
Speaking to the Montana Legislature today.  My message: Join me in creating jobs and strengthening Montana's economy with common-sense policies.
Montana veterans received welcome news today after my veterans transportation bill became law.  Click here to learn more.
Montana sportsmen pushed the Bureau of Reclamation to restore fishing access to the best waters below the Fresno Dam near Havre.  Today the Bureau announced it will heed their call.  Read more below.
UM's Upward Bound initiative ensures that veterans who want to get a higher degree can start their college career off on the right foot.  Orientation for its college prep courses will be on January 31 from 5 to 6 p.m.  For more information or to enroll, call 877-356-VETS or click the link below.
Taking the oath to serve Montana in the United States Senate
With a new year ahead of us, I look forward to a big, bipartisan and responsible plan to cut our debt and cut spending.
