News from the U.S. Army: Veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder who were discharged under "other than honorable" conditions can apply on a new webpage to have their discharge upgraded if it was due to PTSD. Visit this page to find more information: http://j.mp/1v0k80R
After months of urging from both myself and Senator Sherrod Brown, the FDA has issued a warning to consumers about the dangers of powdered caffeine.  This is simply not enough. Earlier this month, Sherrod and I met with the parents of Logan Stiner and Wade Sweatt to hear their stories, and to bring attention to this critical issue. Both of their sons tragically died after using the product. It’s an unfortunate fact that overdosing is not only easy but virtually unavoidable because the measure of a safe dose versus an overdose is so small. Logan and Wade were both incredibly intelligent young men—an overdose could happen to anyone.   The FDA must take stronger action and ban this dangerous product. http://j.mp/1DQobHt
I welcome home Alan Gross from his illegal and unjust imprisonment in Cuba. Many in Congress—including myself—have said there could be no normalization of relations with Cuba without his release.    Cuba continues to be oppressed by a dictatorial regime, denying essential rights and freedoms. I welcome any trade and diplomatic discussions currently underway to advance freedom and rights for the Cuban people, and I will carefully review any recommendations to change our relationship with Cuba on that basis.
Chag Sameach to all those who observe! May your celebrations bring happiness and peace. -RB
I’m pleased to have voted to confirm Vivek Murthy as Surgeon General—he’s extraordinarily qualified & epitomizes professional excellence. -RB
The Supreme Court has declined to review an Arizona law that would restrict availability of medication abortions.   While I’m pleased with the Supreme Court’s decision, this case only underscores the need for the Women’s Health Protection Act, which would prohibit states like Arizona from imposing unconstitutional restrictions on reproductive health care providers which interfere with women’s personal decision making, and block access to safe and legal abortion services: http://j.mp/1wAYYdE
Today, my heart is with the Newtown community. May every member find peace. -RB
I voted no on #CRomnibus because it was packed with unwise, unfair and unacceptable provisions—snuck in without debate or public scrutiny: http://j.mp/13227ss
Today, Senator Patrick Leahy signed my Death in Custody Reporting Act along with Congressman Bobby Scott!   The bill requires state and federal law enforcement to regularly report basic information to the Attorney General regarding deaths occurring in law enforcement custody or during an arrest.   Read more about the bill here, and share: http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/DeathInCustody
Tomorrow I will seek unanimous consent from my colleagues to pass the #ClayHunt bill. We owe it to Susan Selke—#ClayHunt's mom—other family members, and thousands of vets. I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort. -RB
The stark, staggering fact is that the nation has no reliable data on how many Americans die during arrests or police custody each year. The Death in Custody Reporting Act will fix that unacceptable factual gap. I’m proud that this cleared the Senate yesterday, and is headed to the President’s desk.   This legislation will give information needed to strengthen trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. Share this: http://j.mp/1x63uUd
On my wrist since that day on December 14th, I’ve worn a bracelet. The writing has faded, but it said, “love wins.” I truly believe that love won in Newtown. I believe that love won when Connecticut’s legislature passed a strong and effective measure—an important next step. I believe that love won through the grace and courage and strength of the families of those children and the loved ones of the teachers who lost their lives.  I believe love wins every day in our classrooms around the nation when teachers work hard—and they work HARD—and resolve to keep their children safe.  Love wins every day when someone stands up and speaks out against gun violence. http://j.mp/1wifMGq
In 2012 alone, the CDC reported 33,563 gun deaths in the United States. In the two years since the tragic mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary, our country has seen 95 school shootings.   I and other Senators are showing our solidarity with our constituents, and our commitment to honoring all those lost, by wearing pins on our lapels that display the number of gun deaths for our state in 2012. And in accordance with overwhelming public support, we will continue to fight for common-sense gun reform.   You can join us. Click here, download the image for your state, and add it to your social media profiles. Ask for action today. http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/gun-deaths
In the two years since the Sandy Hook tragedy and thousands of other tragedies as a result of gun violence, the Senate has failed to pass any sensible gun safety measure.   The community of Newtown has asked those who wish to honor the memory of Sandy Hook victims to do so with acts of kindness. The greatest act of kindness would be to finally pass comprehensive measures to stem the scourge of gun violence in our communities. We will not give up that fight.   But this week, let’s all join together and each engage in an act of community service in remembrance of those lost. Share your own acts with me, Elizabeth Esty, and Newtown Action Alliance on Facebook or Twitter using #HonorWithAction.  Today, we read with kids at New Britain-Berlin YMCA, and it was an absolute joy.
I had the great honor of attending the lighting of the Old Saybrook Heroes Tree this weekend. The tree is a dedication to all those who have served in our armed services: decorated with gold stars for the deceased, silver for injured, and blue for those currently serving, it is an important symbol for this community and for our state. http://j.mp/1w5DDdn
Ash Carter knows the Pentagon inside and out and is a solid choice to lead the Department of Defense and advise the President on military policy. As the former undersecretary of defense for acquisition, he is a real professional who digs and drills down on questions. I have worked with Ash Carter in the past on vital programs, such as the Joint Strike Fighter and the expedited fielding of enhanced body armor to protect our troops in Afghanistan. And I look forward to working with him as he does more to reform the contracting process to eliminate waste and fraud. The enormous challenges ahead at the Pentagon require forceful and thoughtful leadership and resolve. -RB
Today I chaired the Judiciary Committee hearing on the FANS Act—a bipartisan bill which would incentivize all sports leagues to eliminate their sports blackout policies.    Watch my opening statement, and share: http://youtu.be/GAJNQI9_BJU
It’s pretty simple: you deserve to know if the food you’re buying is genetically engineered.   Yesterday, I was pleased to meet with talented chefs and food activists Tom Colicchio, Jose Andres, Michel Nischan, and Andrea Reusing to discuss efforts in Congress to require mandatory GMO labeling of foods. Since Connecticut became one of three states to require GMO labeling, I’ve co-sponsored a bill that would do the same on a federal level. I hope my colleagues will soon show their support as well: http://j.mp/1vjCVUU
The NFL and other major sports leagues are exempt from the antitrust laws that bind other American businesses, yet there's no way for us to hold them accountable for their treatment of serious issues like domestic violence.  Let’s make a change. Read about the SPORTS Act here, and share: http://j.mp/1vLiNP2
I and my office have helped many constituents through the final stages of becoming U.S. citizens, and it is always a great honor to do so. I’ll never forget showing Jack, only 5 years old, pictures of my own family on the day he was sworn in as a U.S. citizen. I remember Melanie, Edward, Shamil, and so many more who told me their stories of hardship and hard work towards becoming citizens.   All of these fine individuals were fortunate to have found the right people and pathways to attain citizenship—but not everyone is so fortunate. That's why the President’s action on immigration is so crucial. Many hard-working undocumented immigrants will now be able to take a legal pathway towards citizenship: they’ll be able to work legitimate jobs, pay taxes, and contribute to our economy.  These steps serve basic American values that make us the greatest country in the history of the world. -RB http://j.mp/1v47eUd
Join me at the Center for Latino Progress in Hartford at Noon today for a rally to applaud the President’s Executive Action on immigration!
Earlier this week, Senate Republicans blocked an NSA measure that would have increased the trust and credibility of our intelligence system. By regaining strong, effective oversight, I will continue to fight for intelligence reform and to hold our government accountable for protecting Americans essential right to privacy. http://j.mp/1tezLRJ
My heartfelt sympathy to the families of those slain and the survivors of the unconscionable terrorist attack early this morning at a synagogue in Jerusalem, Israel’s capital. I stand with Israel as it mourns the loss of innocent civilians attacked at their place of worship, including three American rabbis. -RB
We must act now to mitigate the devastating impacts of climate change, and prevent future, escalating harm. I believe #KeystoneXL would be a step backwards. I’ll continue to work on these issues in the Senate with the goal of protecting our climate and future generations. Today, I’ll vote 'no' on #KeystoneXL. -RB
This morning I called on Congress to restore federal commuter tax benefits that help thousands of CT residents. As of January 1, 2014, the amount of money commuters can set aside to pay for their public transit costs before taxes decreased from $245 to $130 per month. The expiration of the commuter mass transit benefit has cost some public transit users up to $1,000 in additional costs annually. Failure to revive this tax benefit will harm working families and small businesses, as well as clog the roads, contaminate our air, raise gasoline usage, cost consumers, and impose unfair discrimination against mass transit users.   I am proud to stand with commuter advocates in this fight for fairness and will continue my efforts when back in Washington. http://j.mp/1A7zWXp
There are more than 100,000 children in our nation’s foster care system—1,158 in Connecticut—waiting to be adopted. Organizations like Voices for Adoption are doing important advocacy work to promote safe and permanent adoptions.   For #NationalAdoptionMonth, the Candelora family from Connecticut is being featured for opening their hearts and home by fostering and adopting children in need of a loving family. Read their story, and share: http://j.mp/1zQ8Tzu #vfa #adoptionproject
The Wall Street Journal has published documents showing that General Motors ordered 500,000 replacement parts for their defective cars, months before notifying NHTSA or the public about the deadly defect. GM CEO Mary Barra should be called to testify before Congress, and explain GM’s delay in notifying drivers and federal regulators of the faulty ignition switch: http://j.mp/1sDBiBg
#VeteransDay is about thanking our veterans for their service. So it's especially unconscionable that, according to a report released by the New York Times, more than 639 Iraq war veterans reported toxic exposure to chemicals and never received proper screenings.   I'm urging Chuck Hagel to take immediate action on this report. We cannot fail those who sacrificed themselves for our safety: http://j.mp/1xvb1KN
On #VeteransDay, we must stand up and voice a resounding 'thank you' to our veterans for their brave service. Sound off in the comments, share this with a friend or neighbor: be sure you thank a veteran today. -RB
We owe it to all our servicemen and women—veterans of all conflicts and wars—to recognize the incredible impact of post-traumatic stress and to continue to honor this country’s historic pledge to aid all who serve. Check out my new op-ed in the New Haven Register and share it with your friends. http://j.mp/1oAJpCc
The Sixth Circuit’s ruling is wrong on the law and on the wrong side of history. -RB
President Obama can bring workers out of the shadows, support family unification and ensure that children have the right to live free in the only country they have called home.  We cannot allow eleven million individuals to continue living in fear and uncertainty. United We Dream
Tuesday was a rough night for Democrats, but had huge victories for gun reform. Washington State passed a ballot initiative to implement tough universal background checks. Read and share: http://j.mp/1tgQ5RC
After yesterdays elections, it's critical now that our two parties come together to strengthen our economy, to build a stronger middle class, to provide veterans with better healthcare, to make our railroads more reliable, and to protect consumers.   For four years I've been a voice for Connecticut on these issues, and for the next two years I'll do the same. I hope my new colleagues in the Senate will join me in these efforts. -RB
Happy Election Day! Click here to find your polling location, and go vote! http://j.mp/1phPVyl
I am in awe of these two New Haven residents: Sergio and Randi recently received the Angels in Adoption award for their work with foster and adoptive children.  Their love and compassion is limitless. They have fostered over thirty children, and adopted two. In 1996, they founded the ‘r kids Family Center in New Haven to help marginalized children, as well as their foster and adoptive families. The center also works directly with the state Department of Children and Families to reunify children with their biological families whenever possible.   I hope their story inspires others to open their hearts and homes to children and families in need. Please, share this and read more about ‘r kids: http://j.mp/1u0GCUP
We’re looking for driven, talented young minds to join our intern program for the spring. The program provides participants with the tools, skills, and experience that they can readily apply to future challenges and professional pursuits.    Apply today: http://j.mp/1tjnFwp
#TBT to my days as a White House intern in 1969.
Tomorrow at Noon I’ll join Jewish Women International, Americans for Responsible Solutions, and the National Domestic Violence Hotline for a Google Hangout to discuss the intersection of gun violence and domestic abuse.  RSVP here, and join us: http://j.mp/1wbbzFl
Today we celebrated the fifth anniversary of the founding of Interval House CT's Men Make a Difference, Men Against Domestic Violence group. I helped found this group to educate young men and boys about the realities of domestic violence, and to teach the value of healthy relationships. The group, originally 19 men, has grown to more than 30 and is made up of Connecticut officials, educators, college coaches, business leaders and television and radio personalities.  Since 1977, Interval House has helped more than 200,000 victims of domestic violence. It operates a 24-hour hotline, 20-bed emergency shelter and provides counseling and advocacy for victims in the criminal and civil court system.   Share this. #dvam
I’m proud to have scored a 100 on the annual National Food Policy Scorecard. My commitment to healthy food policy remains strong. Legislation like the Stop Subsidizing Childhood Obesity Act would protect children’s health by ending the federal tax subsidy for unhealthy food and beverage marketing to children.   Check out the rating here—see how the entire Connecticut delegation measures up—and share. http://j.mp/1sXSeVB
Domestic violence doesn’t stop at physical abuse. “Emotional, physical and financial abuse often go hand in hand.” We must stand up for victims, we must address this scourge now. #dvam http://j.mp/1tQU661
Senator Ed Markey & I are calling for a nationwide recall of millions of vehicles that could contain exploding airbags. The narrow scope of recalls by NHTSA on these airbags is focused on humid states—and is utterly senseless. We believe that NHTSA should immediately issue a nation-wide safety recall on all the affected cars, regardless of where the car is registered.   This image from Reuters shows which models could be affected. Read more, and share: http://j.mp/ZJrHRj
This infographic via Upworthy is a powerful representation of domestic abuse and abusive relationships. Even more shocking, they source data from the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence fact sheet (2007): In 70%-80% of all heterosexual intimate-partner homicides, no matter which partner was killed, the man physically abused the woman before the murder.   Share this.
On Monday, a jury found Trinity Highway Products to have committed fraud in failing to adequately notify federal officials of changes to their guardrails.   The heads installed at the end of these rails are intended to slide along the rail and absorb the impact in the case of an accident. Trinity’s new rails—which they saved about $2 per head on—often jammed, causing the rail to pierce vehicles, putting lives in danger.   This is unacceptable, and it took far too long for the US Federal Highway Administration to start asking the right questions.  The more I learn about the supposed watchdog function of these federal agencies, the more concerned I am about how cozy they are with the industry.  Today I called on the Federal Highway Administration to expedite their investigation into Trinity, and to provide a full report on their findings and how they have responded to safety concerns thus far. http://j.mp/1tKXr6v
October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month, and today is Purple Tie Tuesday—a day for men to raise awareness about domestic violence and show their commitment to promoting healthy relationships. The men on my staff in DC and Connecticut came together in this effort, and we hope you’ll make your own commitment today. #dvam Interval House CT CT Coalition Against Domestic Violence
Sergeant First Class Frank Somohano served in the United States Marine Corps, Army National Guard, and Army Reserve for a combined period of twenty-two years—he served in Vietnam, and was an Army Recruiter. In the 1980s, Mr. Somohano was released from the military honorably with a disability condition. Although he was honorably discharged, Mr. Somohano did not receive the medals and awards he was entitled to from his time in service.    My office has been working with SFC Somohano since 2013 to get the medals he bravely earned. Today, I proudly presented him with 17 medals and ribbons, and 1 discharge lapel pin.    He is a distinguished veteran who deserves our support. Congratulations, Mr. Somohano!
Finally meeting Brett & his family this weekend was an honor. Brett’s father-in-law contacted my office to help arrange for catastrophic disability coverage after Brett suffered a terrible swimming accident.   As his wife said, “It’s hard but we are strong. Brett’s motto is ‘One minute, one hour, one day.’ Today might be hard but tomorrow might be better. Brett volunteered for multiple tours of Iraq in the mid-2000s, when it was super-dangerous. So with this, he’s very strong.”   Read more about Brett, and leave him well-wishes in the comments: http://j.mp/1x0GX7p
Many of you have contacted me via Facebook, Twitter, and over the phone, concerned about the evolving news surrounding Ebola in our country and worldwide.   I am tremendously relieved that we have no known cases of Ebola in Connecticut today, but yesterday’s scare in New Haven underscores the urgent need for continued vigilance both locally and nationwide. I appreciate Governor Malloy and Commissioner Mullen’s leadership in issuing guidance that is more stringent than standards issued thus far by the CDC. This guidance shows the importance of preemptive and precautionary action. We have no margin for error.    Now, I urge national health leaders to follow Connecticut's lead. We must take the most effective possible proactive steps. I am calling on the CDC to adopt Connecticut’s more stringent standards and protocols, particularly at points of entry to our country, to protect the public health. At airports and ports, there should be federal enforcement of quarantine requirements the state has put in place to ensure that men and women who may have been exposed to Ebola do not expose others to the virus. At this point, these guidelines are another step in setting minimum standards, but even tougher protocols may be necessary.  You can read my statement in full here. http://j.mp/1ugOsV6 Please read and share, and know that I will continue to monitor this situation as it evolves. -RB
Today, I joined Gabby Giffords for a roundtable discussion on protecting women from gun violence. We met with members of Newtown Action Alliance and the Connecticut Coalition Against Gun Violence. We spoke with constituents, with survivors, and with men and women dedicated to combatting domestic gun violence.   Discussions like these, and the actions we take are critical to our state: in Connecticut, 41.3% of homicides involving an intimate partner were committed with a gun. I will always fight for stronger legal safeguards & the resources law enforcement needs to protect abuse victims from gun violence.
Earlier this week, I called on the National School Boards Association to stop its planned partnership with the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. The partnership was meant to promote a supposed youth tobacco prevention program, Right Decisions Right Now. By saying that “kids shouldn’t use tobacco products,” the program implies that use of these products is safe for adults. Using the message that kids need to wait until they are adults to use tobacco products in effect dares or invites them to begin smoking now. It’s misleading and a dangerous message for our children.   I was pleased to hear yesterday that the National School Boards Association is severing this dangerous and deceptive partnership before Big Tobacco again infiltrates our classrooms. http://j.mp/ZsOmkE
The recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling on a Texas law has helped make sure this image doesn’t become a reality—the ruling temporarily allows women in Texas continued access to safe and legal abortion by preventing the closure of over a dozen abortion clinics throughout the state. Without this ruling, only eight abortion clinics would have remained open in the entire state of Texas, forcing many women to drive over 200-300 miles to receive the care they need.   Now, the case will be heard by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. When the Senate reconvenes in November, I will assuredly work to pass the Women’s Health Protection Act, which would prevent laws like these from passing in the first place. http://j.mp/1ttyUmv
I had the honor of hosting a retirement presentation for 1st SGT Dufresne of the Connecticut National Guard. Due to circumstances beyond his control, 1SG Dufresne was not given a formal retirement presentation, so my office worked with the National Guard to get his awards and materials.  Today I presented him with the Meritorious Service Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal, the Connecticut Medal of Merit, the Connecticut Longtime Service Medal, and a framed Unit Guidon.  1SG Dufresne heroically served in our armed services for over 20 years—he deployed for Operation Joint Endeavor and Operation Enduring Freedom. He was awarded two Bronze Stars and a Purple Heart.  Thank you, 1SG Dufresne for your service.
This weeks constituent story is about Melanie from Stratford. Melanie came to us looking for help with her naturalization process. She works as a customs compliance officer and wants to become a customs broker, but must first become a citizen in order to take the exam. My office worked with the Hartford USCIS office to expedite her case and schedule an interview earlier this month. She was naturalized on Friday, Oct 3 and will be sitting for the exam next week. When Melanie learned of this result, she wrote: “This is truly the most wonderful country in the world. I'm VERY proud to be an AMERICAN!!!”   Melanie and her son provided these happy photos—congratulations Melanie and family!
Last night, the Hartford Fire Department lost a hero. One firefighter died, and three were injured, while saving the lives of others. The man who died was a 48-year-old Hartford native, and a six-year veteran of the department.   My thoughts and prayers are with his family and his fellow firefighters, and I hope we can all take time today to remember and honor the brave work these men and women do every day to keep us all safe. -RB
Last week, the federal appeals court upheld two parts of an anti-abortion law in Texas that will ultimately force many clinics to shut down. Only 7 will remain open in the state, requiring many women will have to drive hundreds of miles to receive care.    A new study by ANSIRH shows that abortion restrictions can not only prevent women from getting the care they need, it can also prevent them from leaving abusive partners.    The laws passed like those in Texas and Wisconsin have the false pretext of preventing health when their only objective is to obstruct and curtail access to safe and legal abortions and reproductive services. We must continue working to pass the Women’s Health Protection Act, which would provide a clear and certain response to these regulations and laws.    Read the study here, and share: http://j.mp/1s8ecay
I sat down with The Yale Herald to discuss my bipartisan legislation—the Campus Accountability and Safety Act—which addresses campus sexual assault.   I proposed this bill with my colleagues because there’s an urgent need for more professional standards within universities so that there is room for process and fairness when it comes to campus sexual assault. We also need funding for bystander intervention so that there’s more proactive involvement of students in preventing this crime. There need to be agreements and protocols with the police so that the crime is reported if that’s what the survivor wants—and more transparency and surveying done anonymously and annually, so that the public is aware of how frequently this crime occurs. Students should be interviewed as part of that survey to determine whether they know of assaults or have been survivors.  Read the full interview here: http://j.mp/1rIqVOh
What a powerful image from the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) - U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for Domestic Violence Awareness Month.   One-third of women veterans experience intimate partner violence in their lifetime compared to less than a quarter of civilian women. I’ve worked for years to overhaul the military justice system and fight domestic violence and sexual assault in the military, and I’ll continue that fight for the years to come. http://j.mp/1BBAzok
After years of urging, yesterday the FCC voted unanimously to eliminate the federal sports blackout rule, officially throwing a flag on the NFL’s anti-fan blackout policy.  The decision was a big win for sports fans everywhere, but we still need to pass the FANS Act to end sports blackouts once and for all. Read more, and share: http://j.mp/1udvJxr
Today marks the first day of Domestic Violence Awareness Month. This issue couldn’t be more important: one in four women is a victim of domestic violence. Two important groups in Connecticut working to provide support to victims are the CT Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Interval House CT Check them out, and share their work: http://intervalhousect.org & http://www.ctcadv.org/
Kroger doesn’t permit outside food & drink inside their stores, or shirtless men, or skateboarding—but they do allow loaded guns. Does this make any sense?  A recent FBI report showed that mass shootings are on the rise, and further, that we cannot protect innocent lives by putting more guns in the hands of Americans: other than trained professionals, not a single American has used a gun to stop an active shooter in the last 14 years. The FBI looked at 160 active shooter incidents, and in just one of those incidents the shooter was stopped by an armed individual other than a police officer or a security guard. That one armed individual was not a random citizen with a weapon, he was a U.S. Marine.  Senator Christopher Murphy and I have written to Kroger stores asking them to stop allowing open carry of firearms in their stores. Will you join us?   Share this: http://j.mp/1v0femn http://j.mp/1rGTn4Q
Edward is a U.S. Marine Corps veteran whose wife was pregnant and stuck in the Philippines, living in a shelter after her home was destroyed by a typhoon. Edward petitioned for his wife to immigrate to the U.S., but suffered setbacks with USCIS. He desperately wanted their child to be born in the U.S., and was further concerned that his health insurance would not cover the medical expenses if his wife delivered in the Philippines.   My office worked in conjunction with Senator Christopher Murphy's office to expedite this case in the U.S. and with the Manila Embassy. Edward’s wife was able to obtain permission to fly from her doctor and we worked with the Embassy to see and issue her a visa in time for her to fly on September 12—in time for her to have her baby here in the United States.  Congratulations Edward and family on your new addition!
This data shows exactly why we must start taking sexual assault more seriously, and why I’ve proposed bipartisan legislation to help colleges and universities better address sexual assault on campuses. We must work to provide support and guidance for our schools to support sexual assault survivors, and help implement processes to properly adjudicate sexual assault cases on campus: http://j.mp/1vqSRrH
Today I visited Southern Connecticut State University  with President Mary Papazian, students, & future educators where we discussed college affordability and I unveiled my new bill, the Strengthening Forgiveness for Public Servants Act. This legislation changes the all-or-nothing structure of public service loan forgiveness to let people who work in public service receive proportional loan forgiveness.    The average college graduate in Connecticut owes more than $27,000 in student loan debt. We need to change that, and provide relief to so many Americans burdened by student debt. Share this. http://j.mp/1psrQhy
An estimated 25,000-32,000 women become pregnant each year as a result of rape or incest—emergency contraception can be a crucial asset for many rape survivors. I’m proud to co-sponsor the Emergency Contraception Access & Education Act of 2014 which will require many hospitals to provide survivors of sexual assault with information about emergency contraception, and to offer survivors the option of emergency contraception.   Read more about the bill, and share: http://j.mp/1DwlND4
This weekend, I had the honor of speaking at Stratford’s 375th anniversary parade. The people of Stratford have so much to be proud of—the town holds rich history and deep traditions that have gone back generations and still remain a significant part of Stratford’s fabric today. http://j.mp/1v8x4E0
For many months I have focused on the issue of campus sexual assault—in Connecticut, and nationwide. That’s why, today, I am at the White House to support the launch of “It’s On Us,” a campaign aimed towards engaging college students to prevent sexual assault.  For too long, we have put the onus on everyone else to prevent sexual assault. It’s on us, now, to no longer be bystanders or to blame the victim. This campaign aims to encourage everyone to create an environment in which sexual assault is unacceptable, and to recognize and intervene when it is happening. Parents, share this with your kids. College students, look around, and start taking responsibility for the environment you are creating.   This is our responsibility, yours and mine. I have taken the pledge—will you? http://j.mp/1r61WFN #itsonus
Today, I voted in support of a CR & narrow authorization for the Defense Department to train and equip Syrian opposition forces. Read and share my full statement.
#TBT from April 2009: In this photo—at a Coalition for a Safe and Healthy Connecticut demonstration—Joyce Acebo-Raguskus shows me a BPA-free rubber duck. The demonstration was in support of a bill that would ultimately restrict the use of BPA in food and drink containers. Now, five years later, I’m continuing to fight in the Senate to ensure consumer protection and accountability on the part of our manufacturers and big businesses.
At 4:30pm today I’ll deliver a speech on the Senate floor addressing the NFL’s handling of domestic violence. Our country affords our sports leagues anti-trust exemptions because of their special role in American culture, but that doesn’t give them the right to abuse this privilege. The era of the blank check for sports teams must end.  I’m introducing new legislation that will hold sports leagues accountable by removing leagues’ blanket anti-trust exemption, and instead make the exemption renewable every five years. These exemptions should depend on the leagues acting consistent with public trust—complying with ethical and legal standards and accountability to fans.  Tune in and watch the speech live, here: http://j.mp/1rb5JC1
Happy #ConstitutionDay! On this day, more than 200 years ago on 1787, our founders signed the U.S. Constitution—our nation’s most honored and important document. We commemorate this signing, and reaffirm our oath to protecting the rights we all still hold today.
This is not fantasy football, it’s a nightmare. This is the NFL, and the organization has a serious problem with domestic violence. Share this.
Every single Senate Republican voted against #paycheckfairness yesterday. They voted against equal pay for equal work, and they voted against giving every American a #fairshot at success.
Calling all Nutmeggers in DC and surrounding areas: Senator Chris Murphy and I will be hosting a constituent coffee tomorrow, September 16 from 8:30-9:30 AM.  If interested, RSVP to constituentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov!
Today the Senate will vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act—a bill that builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act by closing loopholes that allow pay discrimination against women to occur.   Women in the U.S. are paid $11,607 less per year than men: that’s equivalent to over 90 weeks of groceries, or even 3,341 gallons of gas.   I’ll vote in favor of this bill tonight, because I support giving a #fairshot to all, and that includes women and families.   What would you do with your $11,607? Share this.
Senate Republicans showed with their votes yesterday that they would rather protect the Koch brothers’ interest than that of the American people. The flood of dark money into politics gives the super-wealthy a more influential role in our elections than everyday Americans—it’s unconscionable and unacceptable. Share this if you’re one of the 90% of Americans who oppose the decision to keep dark money in politics.
This story of domestic violence, told by survivor Kate Ranta, is jarring. It’s hard to watch. Unfortunately, stories like these are all too common. Kate's story is precisely why we need common sense gun legislation now—too many women are shot to death by their husband or intimate partner each year. Watch and share her story: http://youtu.be/8MXVabWFisY 
I will always work to provide Connecticut residents and all Americans a #fairshot at a good education, good jobs, and equality in the workplace. On Monday, we expect the Senate will vote on #PaycheckFairness—share this so everyone knows what’s at stake.
On this day, I wish I could be with people in Connecticut to join in remembrance of the grievous events of 9/11, but I am proud to be working for you all here in Washington. Today, we remember and honor the 161 brave Connecticut souls—and all 2,977 victims—who lost their lives thirteen years ago. -RB http://j.mp/1rN0Vi2 
I’m receiving hundreds of calls about #InternetSlowDown. I hear you: I support #netneutrality & will continue the fight to achieve it. -RB
It shouldn’t take a video like we saw of Ray Rice for us to understand that violence against women is brutal, and wrong. Our institutions—like the NFL and others—need to step up and show everyone that they are serious about domestic abuse.   This week marks the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act, a critical piece of legislation that provides support to victims of domestic violence to help them leave their abusive situations. 20 years after its signing into law, #VAWA is more important than ever. Today, along with Americans for Responsible Solutions, Newtown Action Alliance, the National Domestic Violence Hotline, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and others, I sat on a panel to explore what more Congress can do to provide critical protections specifically at the increasingly lethal intersection of domestic violence and guns.   #VAWA definitively reduced the rate of violence between intimate partners, but there is still much more we can and need to do.   Share this.
Happening now: helping lead a VA claims backlog working group with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. U.S. Senator Dean Heller Senator John Walsh Senator Pat Toomey Jerry Moran.
Yesterday, I stood with my colleagues in voting to proceed to S.J. Res. 19—a constitutional amendment that would limit the raising and spending of money for federal elections.   Middle class and working Americans can’t compete with billionaires, and allowing big money to influence elections is the antithesis of our Democracy. Outside spending in the 2014 election cycle has more than tripled from the amount outside groups spent in the same time period in 2010.   Our elections should not be bought by the highest bidder, and I will continue this fight in my time as your Senator. -RB
This weekend, Senator Chuck Schumer and I unveiled our Rail Safety Improvement Act in light of cascading catastrophes, derailments, spectacular crashes, senseless worker injuries and deaths, and needless mundane delays on Metro-North. Rigorous public oversight and scrutiny are critical, and that's where this bill begins. We must assure that safety and reliability standards receive real enforcement, not mere lip service. The watchdog agencies must bite, not just bark, and whistleblowers must be protected. We need a national rail strategy, and this measure seeks to restore public trust and confidence and assure that railroads reflect what commuters and communities demand—safety and reliability, and on time performance, as complementary not conflicting goals. The bill also lays the groundwork for investments in important technology like Positive Train Control (PTC) and other upgrades that are proven to save lives and enhance service.   They must be followed by other investments that hopefully will gain bipartisan support, because they benefit our economy and all Americans. Read and share: http://j.mp/1s2bfqm
Watching football today? Senator John McCain and I call for the Federal Communications Commission  to end NFL blackouts in a CNN op-ed: http://j.mp/1rQkedX 
In one of the last days of this recess session, today I attended an event with the Denison Poequotsepos Nature Center to highlight the preservation of the Nature and Heritage Center at Coogan Farm; I met with the Connecticut Police Chiefs Association to discuss programs that allow law enforcement to purchase military hardware, and how that equipment is used; I attended a forum hosted by the CT Rail Commuters in which Waterbury Line commuters voiced their concerns about Metro-North; and I met with the Lyme Research Alliance to see how I could further support their work. Yesterday, I had a conversation with students at UConn about the cost of a college education, and the Senate's upcoming vote on student loan refinancing.   In all of these meetings and events, I am always thinking about how I can bring the voice of my constituents in Connecticut back to DC. When I return next week, we will surely discuss the events in Ferguson and I will have the voice of the CT Police Chiefs as I take action in the Senate. As we discuss transportation funding, I’ll remember those commuters on the Waterbury Line. When I vote on student loan refinancing I will have all the faces of those UConn students on my mind.  Your voice is important, and my time in Connecticut is invaluable. Thank you. -RB
With fairs and parades from Goshen to Haddam Neck, and Bridgewater to Newtown, it was a pleasure this weekend to see so many Connecticut residents out enjoying our beautiful state. It was also a reminder of the hard work that so many men and women contribute to our communities. Labor Day is an important time to honor the working people of this country. Thank you, all. -RB
Today I joined with students, survivors and advocates at Connecticut College to receive feedback on my campus sexual assault bill. Connecticut College was one of three schools in the state cited for best practices and policies for addressing sexual assault, and in April of this year I met with a similar group at this college to discuss their tactics for addressing sexual assault. Their input was paramount, and it certainly helped in crafting this legislation. I also used the stories and knowledge they shared as a basis for the report I submitted to the White House.   When the Senate reconvenes in September, I’ll use your support and the conversations I’ve had in Connecticut as a means for asking more of my colleagues to help support this bill. The more of you who sign up in support, the better.   Please sign this petition today to tell Congress you support safer college campuses and increased support for sexual assault victims. http://democrats.senate.gov/casa
Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs launched an updated version of their GI Bill Comparison Tool. This tool “is designed to make it easier for Veterans, Servicemembers, and dependents to estimate their GI Bill education benefits and learn more about VA’s approved college, university, and other education and training programs across the country. It also provides key information about college affordability and value so beneficiaries can choose the best education program to meet their needs.”  I encourage veterans and their families to use this tool, and am pleased to see the VA providing updated services for our men and women in uniform: http://j.mp/1tGA4sj 
I sat down with the New Haven Register to discuss issues critical to our national security, and to our local communities. We talked about terrorism overseas, policing our communities, and campus sexual assault. Read and share: http://j.mp/VQA7Ek
Happy 98th birthday to the National Park Service! Here are a few of my favorite parks around Connecticut. Share yours in the comments!
In 1971, Congress designated Aug 26th as Women’s Equality Day to commemorate the passage of the 19th amendment. This day serves not only as a reminder of the dedication of the women who fought for the right to vote, but also as a reminder that we still have a long way to go. Women still earn 77 for every dollar that a man earns, they are still greatly affected by restrictive regulations and laws that impose burdensome requirements on access to reproductive health services. While great progress has been made, we have a long way to go towards equality.  Women and families matter, and their vote matters. Share this.
Today, I hosted my eighth roundtable on campus sexual assault. Members of the college administration, faculty, residential assistants, and students at Mitchell College joined with me, as well as with members of local law enforcement and Connecticut Sexual Assault Crisis Services (CONNSACS). We discussed the programing Mitchell College has implemented to prevent sexual assault, what the future plans are for addressing this issue, and programs the College has initiated in response to the Campus Sexual Assault legislation.  The Campus Accountability and Safety Act is a bipartisan effort to create better accountability standards for schools and offer greater protections for sexual assault survivors. Sign and share to show your support: http://j.mp/1u0TjLN
An 18-year-old young man in Ohio died suddenly at the end of May. It was determined he was killed by a powdered caffeine overdose. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued a warning to consumers to avoid this product, but their warning is not enough. Today, I call on the FDA to remove this product from the market until they determine a proper regulatory framework for its distribution.   Powdered caffeine currently poses an imminent threat to the public, and represents a new and emerging public health hazard that deserves closer scrutiny by the FDA.   Share this: http://j.mp/1kXPQh0
What’s not to love about baseball superstar Mo’Ne Davis? The 18th girl to play in the Little League World Series also wants to be a #Husky! http://j.mp/1n9NIhs 
Today, I met with members of the Connecticut Permanent Commission on the Status of Women, the Connecticut Association of Human Services, the Aurora Womenandgirlsfoundation, the Latino Puerto Rican Affairs Commission, and the Connecticut AFL-CIO to discuss efforts to close the gender pay gap.   We all have the same goal: to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act and help women achieve equal pay. It is unbelievable that in 2014 Republicans would obstruct this effort, but they have done exactly that. Currently, women earn $11,608 less per year than men. Let's keep working for change. Share this.
Two years ago on August 15, USCIS released the forms necessary to apply for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) Initiative. This executive action made it possible for many undocumented immigrants to apply for 2-year work visa: specifically it states that anyone under 31 years old who was brought to the US before the age of 16 can apply. This law has affected more than 500,000 undocumented immigrants, and continues to help countless families throughout the country and in Connecticut. You can find more information on the program here: http://j.mp/1w0Xufm
I'm delighted to accept the ALS #IceBucketChallenge from my friends Chaz and AJ, and pleased to make a donation to the ALS Association. I nominate UConn Coaches Geno Auriemma and Kevin Ollie to do the same. http://youtu.be/NXiBMpgltMk
Read my recent op-ed on our immigration crisis, co-written with Jose Calderon, President of Hispanic Federation: http://j.mp/1uX6pu9 
Today I had the honor of presenting Bridgeport, Stratford, and Hartford with EPA brownfield grants. I also met with Rep. Joe Courtney and members of the EPA to discuss potential future grants for the town of Somers.   Cleaning up brownfields is one of the best investments the federal government can make in a community. It greatly improves the environment, it provides areas for new businesses to grow, and strengthens our local economies. These grants will play a vital role in revitalizing contaminated sites in Bridgeport, Stratford, and Hartford.   I look forward to working with the EPA and local leadership to provide more grants like these across Connecticut.
There are just 20 days until we return from August recess and until our college students return to school. Have you signed to support the Campus Accountability and Safety Act?  Plain and simple: this bill creates better sexual assault accountability standards for schools and offers greater protections for survivors. We need to show Congress there’s overwhelming support for this bill so we can get it passed.   Sign today, and share: http://democrats.senate.gov/casa
Today, the President signed legislation for our veterans, and I held a press conference at the VA Errera Center in West Haven to highlight the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act. The bill will expand the number of options veterans have for receiving care and grant the Secretary of Veterans Affairs more power to fire senior executives. It includes $5 billion for strengthening the VA by recruiting more doctors, nurses and other medical providers and other measures, and allots $10 billion to help veterans access care from private doctors if they have been on waiting lists for more than a month or don't live near VA facilities.   This major bipartisan breakthrough will help fix the VA's broken health care system -- ending deadly delays and enhancing access to quality medicine for our nation's heroes. http://j.mp/1r2GyON
Last week, along with Senators Claire McCaskill and Kirsten Gillibrand, I introduced a bill to address campus sexual assault. As we recess for the month of August, we cannot lose sight of the importance of this bill and its role in college students lives as they return to school for the fall.  No victim should suffer alone. Share this, and sign up to tell Congress we want safer college campuses. Join us in support of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act: http://democrats.senate.gov/casa
I've been working with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to develop legislation that will help keep our students safe, and guide colleges towards implementing clearer processes in sexual assault investigations.   Today Senators Claire McCaskill Kirsten Gillibrand and I announced the Campus Accountability & Safety Act, and our colleagues Chuck Grassley U.S. Senator Dean Heller Mark Warner Senator Kelly Ayotte and Senator Marco Rubio have joined this effort. Share this, and read more to understand how it could help you, or someone you know: http://j.mp/1s3W67u
No domestic violence offender should have access to a firearm. http://j.mp/UBcSxL
Today, I proudly introduced the Domestic Violence Gun Homicide Prevention Act with Rep. Gwen S. Moore and Rep. Robin Kelly. This legislation would grant incentives to states that match or exceed current federal domestic violence gun prohibitions, and would encourage states to enforce regulations by seizing firearms when responding to domestic violence situations.  Congress can make it illegal for abusers to have guns, but it is up to state courts and law enforcement to make sure that the law on the books is effective. Share this.
Chairing the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on judicial nominations—including that of Victor Bolden from Connecticut.   Victor Bolden has distinguished himself as a courageous, compassionate and deeply skilled attorney and public servant, with the intellect, integrity and experience that will make him a fair and honorable judge. My hope and expectation is that he will be confirmed promptly, without partisan contention, as befits his exemplary qualifications.  Watch the hearing live, here: http://j.mp/X9r5no
Over the past decade, 2.4 million jobs were shipped overseas and American taxpayers were asked to foot the bill. Now, 21.5 million jobs across the country are susceptible to outsourcing. Let's give those workers a #fairshot by passing the Bring Jobs Home Act, and end taxpayer write-offs that subsidize moving costs when companies ship jobs abroad.
I oppose Judge Boggs’ nomination because he took positions that don’t respect rights protecting women, LGBT & racial minorities. -RB 
Today marks 5 years since last time the federal minimum wage was raised. Raising the minimum wage is win-win-win: it will help Americans put food on their tables, boost the economy, and lift families out of poverty. It would benefit 28 million + workers across the country, including 228,400 in CT.  Senate Republicans have blocked a vote on this once this year, but we’ll keep working to get it passed. Share this.
Great meeting with Claire McCaskill and Kirsten Gillibrand on campus sexual assault—hopeful we will introduce strong bipartisan legislation soon.
In a state that already has the nation’s highest rate of fatal gun violence between partners, Kentucky just doubled down by enacting a new law that makes it easier for victims to carry a firearm.  The problem? Increased access to firearms doesn't actually protect victims: in America, on average, 46 women are shot to death by a current or former husband or boyfriend each month. The presence of a gun in domestic violence situations increases the risk of homicide for women by 500%. Kentucky’s new law doesn’t help protect victims—if anything it will cause additional harm.  We need federal action to help protect survivors of domestic violence. That’s why I’ve introduced the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act: it would prevent those under temporary restraining orders from possessing or purchasing guns, and its passage would be an important step towards protecting victims of domestic violence. http://j.mp/1rk0wH1 http://j.mp/1m3AR3k
Under existing law, American businesses can deduct the cost of moving personnel and other business components to other countries when filing their taxes. The #BringJobsHome Act (S. 2562) closes that tax loophole—it would change the law so that moving jobs or other business components overseas would not qualify for this deduction, ending subsidies for companies that move jobs overseas.   We should be exporting American products not American jobs. It’s time to #BringJobsHome to Connecticut. Share this.
Today, along with some of my colleagues from the House and Senate, I visited the US-Mexican Border. I met with local authorities, volunteers, and federal officials, toured an HHS facility, and asked tough questions of border control about the treatment of unaccompanied minors.   I saw young children crowded in cement cells—nothing short of a humanitarian crisis.    I look forward to working with my colleagues on legislative reforms to address this issue. http://j.mp/1n1OgJn
Hundreds of innocent people died in the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 yesterday. We are still awaiting more details on the circumstances surrounding the crash–and I will be watching this story closely—but in the meantime, our hearts and prayers are with the families and friends of those lost. -RB
In just a few minutes, General Motors CEO Mary Barra & compensation expert Ken Feinberg will appear before the Senate Commerce and Transportation Committee to give testimony and answer questions regarding the deadly ignition switch defect.   Yesterday’s New York Times piece was damning, and GM should be held accountable if it intentionally failed to disclose a deadly defect to the public. http://j.mp/1l3gCPx  Watch the hearing live now: http://j.mp/1kzTsnl
Today’s General Motors ad on “The Key To Safety” wasn’t about safety, it was brand resuscitation. So here are some actual keys to safety: http://j.mp/1wvYJhH
Concealment can kill – and corporate officers should be held accountable for it. That’s why today, I’m introducing the Hide No Harm Act along with Senator Casey. Unfortunately, prison time may be the only deterrent to misconduct that a corporate officer understands. This bill would make it a crime for a company to knowingly conceal the fact that a product poses a danger to consumers or workers, and corporate officers would face criminal charges of up to five years in prison for deliberate concealment.   Hiding harm can be horrifically costly: http://j.mp/1qfIDv3
Today, I chaired a Senate Judiciary hearing on the Women’s Health Protection Act and heard from doctors, state legislators, and women’s health experts on the intricacies of the bill. The Women's Health Protection Act would protect a woman's right to safe and legal abortion by stopping restrictive regulations and laws—such as those in place in states including Texas and Wisconsin—that impose burdensome requirements on access to reproductive health services.   This bill is about stopping laws that purport to be about health, when really they interfere with the doctor-patient relationship and have the very practical effect of harming women and their constitutionally protected rights. The goal is to stop politicians from playing doctor.  Share this if you agree, and read more here: http://j.mp/1sZZ1ND
Hearing testimony on the Women’s Health Protection Act. Tune in now: http://bit.ly/ActForWomen #ActForWomen
At 10am ET I am chairing a hearing on the Women’s Health Protection Act—a piece of legislation that would provide a clear response to regulations and laws that impose unnecessary tests, procedures and restrictions — including requirements for physical layout in clinics — on reproductive services.  Tune in here, and share: http://bit.ly/ActForWomen
This terrifying video of a shooting in Stamford from over the weekend reinforces the urgent need to stop gun violence. These injuries and deaths, and the fear they instill in communities and neighborhoods across America, can be stopped. Congress must act now. http://j.mp/1nnNpyv 
This New York Times piece from Sunday’s front page describes an unacceptable failure by one institution to address sexual assault on campus—but the problem is not limited to this one institution. This story describes an all too common problem:   “At a time of great emotional turmoil, students who say they were assaulted must make a choice: Seek help from their school, turn to the criminal justice system or simply remain silent. The great majority — including the student in this case — choose their school, because of the expectation of anonymity and the belief that administrators will offer the sort of support that the police will not.”  Unfortunately, most colleges are not equipped to protect the support or anonymity their students expect. I’m working with my fellow colleagues in the Senate to address this very issue, and enact federal legislation that would help colleges institute policies to keep students safer on campus. http://nyti.ms/1mxGuHv
Incredible read from Scott Ellman—student at Wesleyan—about rape culture on college campuses, his effort to combat it, and Wesleyan’s own evolution and progress in making a broader culture change on their own campus.   I’m continuing to work with my colleagues in the Senate, including Sens. McCaskill and Gillibrand, to enact legislation that would ensure a safe campus for all students and provide victims of sexual assault with fair and impartial investigations.  Read and share: http://j.mp/1oLA7yw
These two maps show just how critical my domestic violence gun legislation would be to so many families throughout the United States. The first map shows that “as of yet, just nine states entirely prohibit anyone subject to a TRO from owning guns.” The second shows the states in which domestic violence gun bans don’t apply to all partners, because “people convicted of a domestic-violence offense against partners that they've never been married to, cohabitated with, or had a child with are not banned from possessing guns.”  Read the article in full: the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act would not take guns away from law abiding citizens, it would restrict gun access for those who are under TRO, and extend existing domestic-violence provisions to dating partners. It would protect thousands of women and families.   The recent shooting in Houston was tragic, and the question of the legality of the alleged perpetrators access to guns is still open, but there are many tragic shootings that occur every day which this legislation could help prevent.  Read and share: http://j.mp/1tv8yA0
#TBT at a rally of communications workers at the State Capitol in 2008. I was Attorney General.
This striking infographic from Everytown for Gun Safety shows precisely why we should enact the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act, which is now an amendment to the Sportsmen’s bill. The presence of a gun in domestic violence situations increases the risk of homicide for women by 500%.   It’s just common sense.   Read about my bill here: http://j.mp/1pcpVzv and view the full infographic here: http://j.mp/TUThrR
I spent last week going town to town in Connecticut listening to constituents ask me: what are you doing in Washington to stop gun violence? This past holiday weekend, two people were gunned down in Bridgeport within 75 minutes of one another.   The fact that then, on Monday, we considered legislation to expand recreational shooting on federal lands without first addressing the scourge of gun violence is a stark reminder of Congress’s misplaced priorities and unfulfilled obligation to the American people.   We must work to find common ground on making America safer: http://j.mp/1jdTNgv
I voted against the Sportsmen’s bill because I believe it’s irresponsible for us to vote on any gun bill that does not address background checks or other reforms. At least 82 people were shot and 14 killed in Chicago over this past holiday weekend. So, first things first: let’s reduce gun violence. http://j.mp/1naN3jo
Wishing you all a happy, peaceful and safe 4th of July on our great nation’s 238th birthday. -RB
#TBT to just a year ago, as Rep. Joe Courtney  and I toured Plum Island in Long Island Sound. Then, we introduced a piece of legislation to reverse a mandate requiring the sale of Plum Island which unfortunately never came to a vote—but we’re at it again this year.   Yesterday we gathered again to urge Congress not to sell Plum Island—it’s a priceless natural habitat that must be preserved and protected from development. It is more than just a beautiful, exquisite piece of land, it’s important ecologically.  We cannot let Congress sell this environmental treasure to the highest bidder. Watch and share: http://www.tout.com/m/go7jrl http://j.mp/1t1o8Do
Today is the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act—a comprehensive bill that laid the foundation for racial, gender, and religious equality for all Americans.   Today we remember the generations who fought valiantly for justice and equality, and look forward to the work still remaining to attain true equality in this country. http://j.mp/TPhRL0
I’m shopping at Target today because they’re doing the right thing on guns. http://j.mp/1xgtFEH -RB
Great news from Target: “Starting today we will…respectfully request that guests not bring firearms to Target – even in communities where it is permitted by law.”  This is a significant change made by one of our country’s largest  retailers and will hopefully serve as an example for others. These images are some we don’t ever want to see again—and this action taken by Target shows progress: http://j.mp/1xgtFEH
Share this if you agree: Religious liberty is about the right to practice your religion, not the right to impose your religion on your employees. Congress must act to restore workers' rights to make their own health care decisions.
Today, the Supreme Court said that corporations can decide whether their employees can access birth control. The Court’s decision means that women risk not being able to get the health care that they and their doctors determine is best. It means women could face higher health costs than their male counterparts.    More than 361,000 women in Connecticut currently enjoy the right to insurance coverage of contraception without any additional costs.    Share this if you’re with us. http://j.mp/1jCNZbn
Sherrod Brown, Rosa DeLauro and I have introduced new legislation—the Medicare Advantage Participant Bill of Rights Act—which would protect Medicare Advantage beneficiaries from losing their providers in the middle of the year or without cause.   This measure vitally protects elderly and frail patients from losing doctors they know and trust. Read more: http://j.mp/UPYD8O
Another #TBT: a year ago today, the Democratic-lead Senate passed bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform. It’s time for House Republicans to bring this to a vote. Share this.
The Supreme Court ruling on DOMA one year ago today gave gay spouses legal standing, but stopped short of legalizing same-sex marriage. For #TBT we remember the day the ruling came down, the impact it had on so many families in Connecticut and throughout the US, and the fight still to come. Watch and share: http://j.mp/1yREajI 
With a final vote of 95-3, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (#WIOA) has passed in the Senate! This bipartisan, bicameral legislation is key to improving Connecticut Job Corps Centers by giving new resources and renewed focus to the skills needed by the long-term unemployed. I hope this strong show of bipartisanship in the Senate will continue: http://j.mp/1qx7oPS 
We ate oysters from East Coast Shellfish Growers Association , cheese from Beltane Farm, and Skyped live with crew aboard the Morgan—an 1841 Mystic Seaport wooden whaling vessel sailing the New England coast.   25 Connecticut businesses came to Capitol Hill to showcase their products and #DiscoverCT was a hit!
CNN's most recent report on the VA hospital in Phoenix is shocking.  “Records of dead veterans were changed or physically altered, some even in recent weeks, to hide how many people died while waiting for care at the Phoenix VA hospital, a whistle-blower told CNN in stunning revelations that point to a new coverup in the ongoing VA scandal.”  These serious and widespread allegations show, once again, that the VA is incapable of investigating itself, and that the Department of Justice should be leading the inquiry into allegations of wrongdoing. http://j.mp/1q4uWOw
Unbelievable. Columnist George Will doubled down on his out-of-touch views saying “improper touching…it’s not sexual assault.” His comments attempt to discredit the many victims of sexual assault on college campuses throughout this country. Watch and share. http://j.mp/UolKac
Sign this #ForLori. Tell Congress you want action on reducing domestic gun violence: http://j.mp/1m3AR3k
As Attorney General I fought big tobacco. Now, I’m taking on e-cigarette manufacturers who are trying to addict a new generation.   The data doesn’t lie: "A recent CDC report showed that the use of electronic cigarettes by middle school and high school students doubled from 2011 to 2012. The same survey showed that more than 1.78 million middle and high school students nationwide have tried electronic cigarettes. A recent American Legacy Foundation report found that last year 14 million kids saw ads for electronic cigarettes on TV, 9.5 million saw them in print.” http://j.mp/1lCdC1v 
Yesterday I met with a strong woman and mother from Newtown: her young daughters dealt with unimaginable loss when a number of their friends were killed at Sandy Hook. And Katie has since helped a friend through a harrowing experience with domestic gun violence.   We spoke at length about gun violence, domestic violence, and my new legislation to prevent those under temporary restraining orders from obtaining guns. I look forward to future conversations, and to seeing her advocacy work make a real difference in Connecticut and nationwide.
It was a great and humbling honor to receive the Maj. Frank Tejada Leadership Award from the USMC last night. Major Tejada was decorated for valor with the Silver Star, the Bronze Star, and the Purple Heart. An incredibly hard-working and dedicated man, he earned two Masters degrees while serving in the Texas State Legislature and proudly served his country both in uniform and in the US House of Representatives. You can read more about him here: http://j.mp/1vxn1sV
The General Motors recalls are just the tip of the iceberg: GM’s deliberate concealment caused continuing death and damage, and it constituted a fraud on the bankruptcy court that approved its reorganization.   Today’s piece in Business Week is truly revealing—I’ll be monitoring this story closely: http://j.mp/1lz3lD5
More than three times as many women are murdered by guns used by their intimate partners than are murdered by strangers using a gun, knife, or any other weapon combined. http://j.mp/1pcpVzv #ForLori
It’s simple: people under temporary restraining orders should not have access to firearms.   Today, I’m introducing the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act which would restrict those under TRO’s from purchasing or possessing firearms. The bill honors a woman from Oxford, CT whose husband shot and killed her using a gun he legally possessed because a permanent protective order was not yet in place.   Read and share: http://j.mp/1pcpVzv
From Milford, to Southport, to the Branford Road Race—it was a beautiful Father’s Day weekend! Great to see so many of you throughout Connecticut this weekend.
We’re calling on the National Retail Federation to join the national, bipartisan push for common sense measures to reduce gun violence. Proud to be standing with Newtown Action Alliance, representatives from CT Against Gun Violence and other advocates in this effort.  
#TBT July, 1995: As Attorney General, I met with members of the Coalition for Justice regarding prevention of incidents of racism and bias in Greenwich.
Today, I joined with other Senators in writing a letter to George Will—a columnist for the Washington Post—who wrote an offensive piece about sexual assault on college campuses, claiming that being a sexual assault victim is "a coveted status that confers privilege."   His words are not only hurtful to those who have experienced sexual assault, they are harmful to the progress I and other lawmakers have made in addressing this serious issue on college campuses. We will continue our efforts to reduce sexual assaults on college campuses, and ask that George Will join us in listening to the the stories survivors bravely share about the struggles they face—often with little meaningful help from authorities expected to help them.   Read the letter in full, here: http://j.mp/1kQUoDZ
309,000 people in Connecticut would have benefited from the Bank on Students Emergency Refinancing Act, but the Republicans just blocked the bill. This legislation would have allowed current borrowers to refinance their loans, and we'd pay for it by closing loopholes that allow some millionaires to pay a lower tax rate that the middle class.   Looks like the Republicans made their choice.
This map says it all: there have been 74 school shootings since the tragedy at Sandy Hook.   When will enough be enough to win common sense measures against gun violence? http://j.mp/1kMZAIS
There are 508,000 student loan borrowers in Connecticut with over $11 billion in total outstanding federal student loan debt. So many of you depend on this vote tomorrow: I’ll be urging my colleagues to pass #BankOnStudents.
Nothing like seeing our very own UConn Huskies honored at the White House! Congrats, all! #BleedBlue
In just two days we’ll vote on the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, and Republicans will have to make a choice: help our students by letting them refinance their loans at a lower rate, or continue to let this debt crush our young people and threaten our economy.   Share this.
The two catastrophic failures at the Walk Bridge clearly demand action. I will be fighting for necessary funds from federal agencies to correct these chronic problems and will work with the full delegation to ensure Connecticut's transportation infrastructure receives the immediate attention and funding it needs and deserves. Remedies are required right away. -RB
70 years ago today, 150,000 allied troops landed in Normandy. They bravely stormed forward, uncertain of their fates. Too many never returned.   The letter President Eisenhower sent the Allied Expeditionary Force on #DDay expressed the great importance of this effort: “The eyes of the world are upon you. The hope and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you.”   Today, we remember them. http://j.mp/1kG4cjX
Beautiful day in DC as Senator Christopher Murphy and I met with the entire eighth grade class from Francis Walsh Intermediate. Both Senator Murphy and I have alumni from this school working in our offices, so it was particularly exciting for us to meet this class.
Thumbs up for a crowd in Norwalk in 2003. #TBT #AttorneyGeneral
How would the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act help you?   Find out using this refinancing calculator from Generation Progress.  Enter your student loan debt & current interest rate to find out how much YOU would save with a new interest rate of 3.86%: http://j.mp/1rMlQr3
After today's live stream ended, Senator Warren and I walked to vote and continued to discuss how we could help relieve students of their overwhelming debts.  Our conversations about this and other issues don't just happen in front of television cameras or during live streams: we're committed to helping current borrowers refinance their loans, and we'll do everything we can to give every American a #FairShot at success.  If you missed the discussion today, you can watch it here: http://j.mp/1tFJt0f
Don’t forget: TODAY at 3:30pm, join Senators Blumenthal, Warren, and Baldwin to get your big questions answered about student loan refinancing, and how it can help you.   Sign up here: http://j.mp/1nIzZUo
Do you have questions about your student loans or refinancing? Want to know what the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act will do?   Join me, Senator Tammy Baldwin, Elizabeth Warren and Generation Progress tomorrow at 3:30pm for a video chat to learn more about student loans, refinancing, and our goal to give you all a #fairshot at success.   RSVP here: http://j.mp/1nIzZUo
By the time this image is posted, the student debt clock will have increased by tens of thousands of dollars. We need to ease the cost of soaring student loan debt now. http://j.mp/1oNGANa
I deeply respect Secretary Shinseki’s decision to resign after concluding that his continued service would be a distraction from the urgent and necessary overhaul of a health care system that is failing our veterans.   Now, we must work to fix what is desperately wrong at the VA. -RB
#TBT from September 2008: giving the thumbs up in the Bridgewater tractor parade.
I received many messages this morning from people traveling on Metro-North via the Walk Bridge in Norwalk: I heard your concerns and I’m working to address them. The failure of the Walk Bridge in Norwalk this morning further underscores the urgent need for immediate investment in our aging rail infrastructure. I support the Connecticut DOT’s effort to secure federal Sandy Resiliency Project funds to repair this 117-year old bridge and other critical, dated infrastructure along the New Haven Metro-North line.    I will do everything I can to support this application, and to urge the Federal Transit Administration to expedite its decision and funding ahead of its stated fall deadline. Connecticut commuters simply cannot wait for safe, reliable rail service. -RB
Heartbreaking. via Sandy Hook Promise
Proud to have met these students yesterday who chose to serve our country in the military after graduating. It’s not an easy decision, but one they made bravely. I wish them the best of luck in their service: http://j.mp/1kKHbfi
We must implement measures to prevent guns from being in the hands of severely troubled people.   We must stop this madness. http://j.mp/1io2cIo 
Connecticut has lost 65 brave men and women to the war in Iraq & Afghanistan—and our country has lost countless more in wars past. Today, we remember and honor all of the brave veterans who gave their lives for us.   “Honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country's cause.” - Abraham Lincoln
"At what point is access to abortion so limited that it violates the right to the procedure granted by the United States Supreme Court in 1973 in Roe v. Wade?”   Further evidence we need to pass the Women’s Health Protection Act NOW. A woman’s access to constitutionally protected rights should not depend on what state she lives in.   Share this. http://j.mp/1lW09NX
Harvey Milk became one of the first openly gay elected officials in the US, and gave a voice to an LGBT community that was experiencing widespread discrimination throughout the country.   It’s #HarveyMilkDay, so take a moment today to remember or read about this brave man who undoubtedly changed our country for the better: http://j.mp/1pg5sd #HarveyMilkDay
Here are just ten of the thousands of stories I’ve received about student loans via email and social media.   I hear you, and I’m working towards a solution, but Congress needs to hear your voice as well: sign this petition to tell Congress you want current borrowers to be able to refinance their loans at a lower rate.   We need a show of support from you, our constituents, to make this happen: http://j.mp/1lZhVl3
Let’s stop the #GameofLoans for our students. Share this if you agree: we need to pass the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act and let current borrowers refinance their loans at more affordable rates.
This weekend I had the honor of attending a Daisy Girl Scout Memorial Dedication for eight students who were Daisy Girl Scouts killed in the shootings at Sandy Hook. Alexis Volpe, a freshman at Middletown High School, created the memorial for her friends.   It’s so moving that a young student would choose to memorialize her friends in this way—and saddening she needs to do so at all.   "They shouldn't be remembered in a negative way," Volpe said. "We should remember the good things that happened in their lives." http://j.mp/1hTFJ5H
Today marks the 60th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education, a decision by our Supreme Court that was arguably the most momentous court decision in our country’s history.   I hope that today’s anniversary will serve as a reminder to us all of what this kind of work can achieve, and an inspiration to never stop fighting for what we believe. -RB   http://j.mp/RKAJd8
It’s National Police Week, and today we’re honoring Officer Reed of the Yale University Police Department.   Officer Reed was dispatched to a report of a burglary in progress in an apartment building. When he arrived, he saw a man in the process of sexually assaulting a woman inside the apartment. Officer Reed forced entry into the building, halted the sexual assault and battled the perpetrator, who was a convicted felon, until backup officers arrived and subdued the individual. As a result, Officer Reed has been disabled for the past nine months and will be returning to work in June. The perpetrator pled guilty and was sentenced to twenty-five years in prison. Officer Reed was awarded the Medal of Valor by the Yale University Police Department.  Thank you, Officer Reed, for your dedication and sacrifice.
I received this letter from a constituent and wanted to share. Sean and Troy are an inspiring pair. I hope you’ll watch their video and share their story:  "Dear Senator Blumenthal,  You watched my son Sean jump into the frigid cold water in East Haven CT for the Special Olympics Penguin Plunge and therefore, I thought you might enjoy watching this video clip. It tells a really nice story of 2 friends (Sean, and his friend and Unified partner Troy) who are going to the Special Olympics National Games in Princeton to represent CT in the first ever Unified Triathlon.  Enjoy. http://igg.me/at/sean-so-far/x"
#TBT: Harvard, circa 1967, a time when college was more affordable & graduates weren’t saddled with unreasonable debt. Student loan debt today has soared to over $1.2 trillion. We need to let borrowers refinance at lower rates to help give every American a #FairShot.
The kids from #Eastford Elementary took selfies throughout their trip in DC, & asked me to join them for one. Couldn’t resist.
Striking graph this morning from the Wall Street Journal showing the explosion in student loans. An increase in this debt isn’t just bad for students, it's bad for our economy.    "The growth of student-loan debt, along with limited access to credit, may be preventing those with student loans outstanding from being more active in the nation's housing and auto markets, New York Fed researchers said Tuesday. Less borrowing by younger people for things like cars and houses is a worry because it could reduce overall consumption at a time when baby boomers are retiring and likely spending less, too.”   It’s just common sense—we should pass the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act to let current borrowers refinance their loans at more affordable rates.
Met with Valerie Jarrett, Senators Kirsten Gillibrand and Claire McCaskill and others this afternoon to continue the conversation about preventing sexual assaults on college campuses. If you missed it yesterday, be sure to read my recent report and sign on to support the College Sexual Assault Bill of Rights: http://j.mp/RAnw6z
NA
Yesterday, I told your stories of student loan debt on the Senate floor. I brought with me the names of all of those who sent me their student loan stories. From Brittany, the first in her family to attend college, to Alese, the mother of three who just wanted a promising future for her children—thousands of you have told me of your debt.   Watch my speech, and know that I am working with Senator Warren and our colleagues to pass legislation that would help current borrowers like you refinance their loans to affordable rates: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOgCgEewl_M
It’s National Police Week, and we want to kick the week off by honoring one of Connecticut’s finest: an officer from Norwalk. Officer Joseph Martino was dispatched to a report of a suicidal female armed with a handgun at an apartment complex. After he arrived, he was advised that she was likely heading to the outside courtyard to shoot herself. He could not immediately locate the woman, and was about to enter the elevator to access her apartment. As the elevator door opened, he observed a woman who was pointing a cocked and loaded .357 caliber revolver at his stomach. He immediately grabbed the handgun placing his hand between the firing pin and the gun, preventing it from firing, and disarmed the woman, as other officers arrived to assist.    Officer Martino also received a Meritorious Service Award from the Police Commissioners Association of Connecticut for the same incident earlier this year. Share his story.
One in five women is sexually assaulted before graduating from college. After hosting seven roundtables at colleges and universities throughout Connecticut—with input from hundreds of college administrators, students, faculty, advocates, and law enforcement—Senator Blumenthal has released a college sexual assault report and bill of rights to help increase safety and accountability on college campuses.   The report outlines specific steps to ensure students are provided the protections contained in the bill of rights and offers several model programs currently being implemented on some state campuses.   Read the report here, and sign your name to pledge that you’ll help uphold these bill of rights: http://j.mp/RAnw6z
Happy Mother's Day to all the hard-working moms out there. I'll do my part in honoring moms nationwide by working in the Senate to pass #equalpay and paycheck fairness. Moms deserve a #FairShot.
This week I had the chance to meet two incredible Connecticut students, Alec and David. At just 13 years old, David has already spent years helping feed the homeless community. At first he just baked batches of muffins himself, but as he realized how full the shelters were during winter and how many people needed food, he recruited his friends to help. "I want [people] to be aware that small gestures can make a big difference in people's lives.”   Alec is a high school senior, destined for college, and worked to create a website for teenagers with autism. "Feeling the social isolation of their lives at a time when my peers and I were alive with friends on social media, I concluded that autistic teens could benefit enormously from social media that was sensitive to their needs.”   Congratulations to these two upstanding young men on their well-earned Prudential Spirit of Community Awards.
Earlier this week, I joined a meeting with members of the Russian feminist punk protest group, Pussy Riot. They shared their firsthand accounts of human rights violations under Putin, and discussed additional sanctions against Russia.   These brave women are giving a face and voice to a vile and vicious violation of human rights by the Russian government, and the persecution of dissent and free speech.
It’s unimaginable that more than 270 young girls in Nigeria are now being sold as slaves simply because they strived for an education. My staff and I stand with these girls and their families. #BringBackOurGirls -RB
#TBT: the day I announced I was running for Attorney General—June 28th, 1989. That day was the beginning of a long but incredibly rewarding journey. More than 20 years later, I’m honored to still be working for the great state of Connecticut.
Thanks to all of you who shared your student loan stories with Senator Blumenthal. From Gillon, an Army Veteran struggling with over $130,000 in debt, Dean and his wife who have $55,000 in debt and are working four jobs to put their kids through college, Bob, a Vietnam Veteran who co-signed his granddaughter's student loan, to the thousands of you who are being suffocated by debt and unreasonably high interest rates—Senator Blumenthal heard your stories.   Too many people are struggling with student loans. Senator Blumenthal is working with his colleagues to alleviate the cost of a college education—something that should be attainable by every American without a life sentence of debt.
The Third National Climate Assessment was released this week. It was developed over three years by hundreds of the Nation’s top climate scientists and technical experts. The report shows not only that  the impact of Climate Change is real today, but also the potential impact we can expect in decades to come.   Our agriculture, infrastructure, and economy will be at an increased risk, and more communities—like so many in Connecticut—will be increasingly vulnerable to Lyme disease if we don’t #actonclimate.    You can access the full report here: http://j.mp/1irHINW, and explore specifically how it will affect the Northeast region of the U.S. here: http://j.mp/1nj1UJt  
I am joining Senators Durbin, Reid, and Warren to help relieve people of suffocating college debt. We’ve introduced the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, which would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to refinance at the lower interest rates currently offered to new borrowers.  Tomorrow evening, I’ll speak on the Senate floor about this issue. I want to bring your names with me to the floor, so all of my colleagues can understand just how real this is to so many of my constituents.  Go here to tell me about your student loans: how did you work to pay them off? How much have your interests rates increased? And how would our legislation help you?   https://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/student-loan-stories
Senator Blumenthal & staff want to say thanks to teachers in Connecticut and throughout the U.S.   It's National Teacher Day—take a minute to #ThankATeacher who has influenced you.
This image speaks for itself. Republican obstruction is seemingly unending, but Senate Democrats will continue to fight to give working families a #FairShot. 
Love this post from Reddit r/Connecticut:  “All politics aside, as an outdoorsman I can certainly think of worse places to live than Connecticut. We've got beautiful sandy beaches, picturesque rolling hills, dense, lush, and surprisingly diverse forests, rivers, lakes, and of course, an elaborate system of well maintained hiking trails (Including my personal favorites; The Appalachian & Metacomet Trails).”  We agree. http://j.mp/R7U7AO Photos: http://imgur.com/a/Q58jA
May is pediatric stroke awareness month—we just had to share this note from a Connecticut mother who went through the unimaginable: hearing from her doctor that her 10 month old son had a stroke.   Senator Blumenthal’s office helped Jennifer and her family with some insurance company difficulties, and after years of appointments and therapies their son is now a happy kindergartner.   Read their story here: http://j.mp/1mltVkj And learn more about pediatric strokes: http://j.mp/1n5Kb8m
I’ve long admired Gabby Giffords for her strength during recovery from a debilitating and tragic event and for continuing her incredible work to make real change for others affected by gun violence.  I met with Gabby today in my office, along with Senator Dick Durbin, Sen. Christopher Murphy, and members of Americans for Responsible Solutions. Together, we’re working to introduce a bill that will tighten gun restrictions on domestic abusers under court order. Current federal gun restrictions are not enough.
#TBT from 1978, during my days as US Attorney for Connecticut. http://instagram.com/p/ndOJsdGqN-/
This month, two upstanding Connecticut residents visited Senator Blumenthal’s office: Julie Chu helped bring home an Olympic silver medal for the U.S. Women’s Hockey team, and Albert Sackey earned the 2014 Connecticut Assistant Principal of the Year award.   Congrats to Julie and Albert: both of these awards show hard work, and great dedication to honorable crafts. You've made Connecticut proud.
If Ramona Quimby’s parents tried to make it by on the minimum wage today, their story might be very different. A quarter of minimum wage workers are parents with children—that's 14 million kids we can help have a better life.   The Senate votes today at Noon. Watch Senator Blumenthal's floor speech from yesterday, and share this image. Let everyone know we need to #RaiseTheWage now. http://j.mp/1hdSBDf
Raising the national minimum wage would bring 3.3 million tipped workers closer to a livable wage. So, what are we waiting for?  #RaiseTheWage http://j.mp/1rB3mEC
Many of you have written asking about my position on e-cigarettes. I value everyone’s input here, and I'm hopeful this will provide some insight:  The FDA's recent draft regulations on e-cigarettes are too late and too little: while they would ban the sale of e-cigarettes to minors, they would still allow for extensive promotion of these products targeted specifically towards youth audiences. The current marketing of e-cigarettes is taking a page from the cigarette companies—advertising in social media, magazines, and elsewhere designed to attract minors, and developing fruit and candy flavors that are particularly attractive to kids.    My goal is not to ban e-cigarettes from use entirely—it is to ensure that all tobacco-related products are properly regulated, and to protect our youth from misleading marketing tactics by companies whose primary interest is not in the well-being of its customers, but in its bottom line. You can read more about these marketing tactics and how they impact youth in this recent survey: http://j.mp/1nzyMO9
Net Neutrality preserves all of our rights to communicate freely online, and have equal access to any legal content we choose. Reports of the FCC’s recent proposal are alarming — this kind of pay-to-play system would incentivize broadband providers to manage broadband scarcity, rather than build the high-speed communications infrastructure of the 21st century.  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/24/technology/fcc-new-net-neutrality-rules.html  The internet is an incredible tool that enables innovation, education, the free flow of ideas, and so much more. I plan to keep a close eye on this proposal as it develops, and work to ensure that the internet remains a free and open platform for consumers and innovators, not a walled garden for wealthy companies.
Great to see Hillary Clinton last night at UConn! She's an inspiration to so many young leaders throughout the country.
A new poll shows that a majority of Americans think birth control should be covered by all health insurance plans. Sara Bess from Hartford wrote in October, "I'm one of the estimated 27 million women from all corners of the country who are already benefiting from the birth control coverage rules, and I'm not willing to stay silent while politicians in Washington try to take it away from me."  It’s common sense, with data to back it up. Share this. http://j.mp/1jALxRK 
Happy #EarthDay! From Silver Sands State Park, to Long Island Sound, Stratford Point Lighthouse, and all along the Connecticut River, our state is one of many wonders. As your Senator, I will continue to work hard to preserve the natural beauty and habitats throughout Connecticut. Hopefully, you will all join me in that effort. -RB
Shamil has stage 4 cancer. He wished to become a U.S. citizen, but failed the verbal part of the test and likely does not have enough time left to learn English well enough to pass. Senator Blumenthal’s office worked with USCIS to get a rare exception to the verbal part of the test, and had USCIS and a member of the court go to his home to swear Shamil in as a U.S. Citizen, since he is weak and has difficulty traveling.  His daughter passed along these words: "we are very grateful because of the dear Senator's help in making my dad's dream come true. My father said, 'I am going to take my last breath as a citizen of this wonderful nation. Thank you for making that possible.'"
Yesterday, I was a part of the groundbreaking for the Connecticut Trees of Honor Memorial at Veterans’ Memorial Park in Middletown. This statewide living-trees memorial honors our 65 fallen heroes and all veterans who have died while serving in Afghanistan or Iraq.   This quote from the memorial says it all:   "Our Fallen Heroes are no longer with us but their memory lives on in the hearts of their loved ones, our State and the Nation. Accordingly, each of our Heroes are symbolized by a living ornamental tree as a symbol of their lives given but still very much alive in our hearts.”
It was one year ago today that the Senate defeated several measures to expand gun control. Every day, children and other innocent Americans throughout the country are being injured or killed as a result of gun violence.   Enough is enough. As I said a year ago today, “the world is watching the United States Senate, and we will be held accountable.”   http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/18/us/politics/senate-obama-gun-control.html
After years of waiting, Jack (5 years old) has been given his certificate of naturalization. Back in February of 2011 USCIS told Kristine and Greg they would need to live with Jack for two years to derive his citizenship. Two years later, the family was told by USCIS that their application was incorrect. With help from Senator Blumenthal's office, USCIS realized their error and promised to approve the application as soon as possible, which they did one week after it was filed. That brings us to today’s happy occasion.  Congratulations to Jack and the whole family!
Wishing you a Chag Sameach on this the start of the Passover holiday. Whether you are taking part in your own celebration or not, the greater meaning behind this holiday can certainly resonate with all of us: to do our part to protect others from injustices, and to give a voice to those who have none.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the shooting in Kansas City yesterday. It’s heartbreaking that acts of violence like these continue to occur throughout our nation in what are otherwise peaceful and tight-knit communities. As your Senator, I will continue to work to ensure that we all can feel safe through every aspect of our daily lives: in our religious institutions, our community centers, our military bases, walking through our neighborhoods, and dropping our kids off at school.
General Motors CEO Mary Barra pledged, under oath, that she would remove recalled cars from the road if there were any incidents in which driving with just the key in the ignition showed any risk. At least three incidents have since come to light.   Join us: sign the petition and tell GM to take these cars off the road. http://blumenthal.senate.gov/GM
The students at Common Ground High School had a message they wanted everyone to hear, and Senator Blumenthal relayed that message on the Senate floor last week: as tragic as all the mass slayings are in this country, no less tragic, no less horrific, and no less important is the shooting of one, innocent 18 year old man.   Stories like Javier Martinez’s—shot and killed while walking to a friends house—rarely make the national news. They have become the background noise to our society. This fact drives Senator Blumenthal, every day, to seek an end to gun violence with common sense, sensible measures — background checks, mental health initiatives, and school safety.  Watch, and share their message with your friends. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGVlJ7Noi3Y
It’s absolutely unreal that in 2014, Republicans would still obstruct #EqualPay, and that's exactly what they did yesterday.   Currently, women earn $11,608 less per year than men. Let's keep working to change this.
The Metro North driver at the helm of the derailment in December apparently suffered from sleep apnea and fatigue. It is alarming and astonishing that Metro North had no knowledge of this worker’s health condition, and it’s even more necessary now that the FRA implement three open regulations from 2012 that deal specifically with sleep apnea.   Commuters deserve no less.
We should all have an equal chance to succeed. Passing #RenewUI in the Senate was just one step of many—next, let’s achieve pay equity for women with the Paycheck Fairness Act, raise the minimum wage, work to protect medicare, and boost job creation.   Let’s create a fair shot for everyone.
Another picture perfect performance for Geno and UConn Women's Basketball. Congratulations! Hard work pays off. #Perfect #BleedBlue #Huskies
Walked into the office after voting and was pleasantly surprised at the decorations by some of the staff—wish it was permanent!   Congrats to the UConn men’s team and good luck to the women tonight! U-C-O-N-N, UConn, UConn, UConn!
Calling all Nutmeggers in DC and surrounding areas: Senator Chris Murphy and I will be hosting a constituent coffee tomorrow, April 9 from 8:30-9:30 AM.  If interested, RSVP to constituentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov.
Equal Pay Day should be a reminder to us all: we can't have a fair economy if half of our workers struggle with systematic discrimination that robs them of the income they deserve.  When women succeed, families succeed. Share this in support of #EqualPay.
Exhilarating, exciting, and exhausting—#UConn started strong and stayed strong. Congrats to Coach Ollie and the UConn men's team! 
48,100 Connecticut residents will benefit from the Senate's compromise on #RenewUI. I was proud to vote with other Senators on today’s amendment to extend unemployment benefits—now, it's up to the House.  Share this: urge House Republicans to take action, and #RenewUI. Too many Americans have gone without their unemployment insurance for too long.
GM CEO Mary Barra testified that if there was any incident reported in which driving with just the key or the key in the ring showed any risk, she would "ground these vehicles across the country."  Since then, at least one case has emerged in which a car lost power with only the vehicle key in the ignition.   Sign the petition: tell GM to take these cars off the road. http://blumenthal.senate.gov/gm
Congrats to the Huskies women's basketball team—now, on to the championship! #caNINEs #BleedBlue
Cheers all over #CT for Husky heroes! Great ball players, and people - they worked hard and won well. 
General Motors has failed to adequately warn customers about the real risk of driving recalled cars—help us tell GM we want these cars off the road.   Sign the petition today: http://blumenthal.senate.gov/gm
My thoughts are with the Fort Hood community today, as they grieve in the face of unimaginable and senseless violence. -RB
At a Senate hearing yesterday dealing with GM’s defective cars and safety issues, Sen. Blumenthal pressed CEO Mary Barra on the safety of defective cars that are still being driven.   General Motors has still not set up a compensation fund for victims, and while its recall warnings use detailed language about the conditions under which certain car models are likely to shut off, GM continues to tell drivers they can drive the recalled cars—even without repairs—as long as they use only the ignition key.   Watch, and share: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhCPWQ0kq94
The Senate is expected to come to a bipartisan agreement later this week to extend unemployment benefits. This will be a critical step towards renewing important benefits for millions of Americans.   Unfortunately, Speaker John Boehner has called #RenewUI "unworkable"—the very same bill that would restore federal employment benefits for five months, backdated to December 28, and reward more than 2.2 million American workers their state benefits.   Speaker Boehner is playing politics with something that is just common sense. Join me and other Senators: urge Speaker Boehner and House Republicans to bring unemployment benefits to a vote.
Why should you care about the General Motors recall? Because young people—like this marine, Richard Scott Bailey —died in accidents that were preventable.
This one is simple, folks. There are Americans, right now, driving defective cars down highways at great speeds. Their lives are at risk, and they are unaware of the risk they are taking.   Senator Edward J. Markey and I say very clearly to General Motors: take these cars off the road.   Share this far and wide, so GM hears our message.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPUDO4bVy7o&feature=youtu.be
Great to see we’re moving towards #RenewUI as tonight, the Senate adopted the motion to to proceed to the Unemployment Compensation Extension bill. Another important vote is expected in the Senate later this week.   I’m hopeful that Republicans will do what’s right for American families and help pass #RenewUI.
I'm so impressed by the bravery of Common Ground High School students, engaging in an open dialogue about their views on urban violence and remembering their classmate Javier Martinez who was 18 years old when he was shot and killed while walking to a friend’s house.  I am visiting them again today, and I look forward to speaking with these courageous students about their friend, and what we can all do to make meaningful changes to reduce gun violence.   I thank them for their letter to me regarding Javier, and I encourage everyone here on Facebook to leave comments in Javier's memory. -RB
Earlier this week, the Supreme Court ruled that federal law bars people convicted of misdemeanor domestic abuse charges from having guns.   The ruling will help protect abused women and children from gun violence —it’s a victory for common sense, but it’s not enough. We need common sense in Congress as well. While the Supreme Court has prevented the creation of a new loophole in America’s gun laws, many other loopholes continue to leave women and children at risk of being killed by a firearm at the hands of an abuser. Congress must do its job and close those loopholes.  Share this image from Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America.
Our thoughts are with Groton teacher Brad Vernet as he undergoes a kidney transplant in early April.   In July, Mr. Vernet’s insurance company informed him that his surgery would be covered. But just weeks before the scheduled surgery, they reversed, and told him that the hospital was out of network. Faced with a decision to delay a potentially life-saving surgery, Mr. Vernet  called Senator Blumenthal’s office. After pressure from Sen. Blumenthal’s office, the insurance company confirmed that his benefits do indeed cover the surgery.   "There's a real lesson here for people. They should not take no for an answer and insist their insurance company give them the benefits they deserve,” Sen. Blumenthal said.    Read more, and share Mr. Vernet’s story, Help Find Brad A Kidney: http://j.mp/1dAw1Ja
This morning, I stood with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr., Sen. Cory Booker, and Sen. Ed Markey as well as three small-business owners to emphasize the importance of raising the national minimum wage.   Jon Cooper, President of Spectronics Corporation in NY, Clifton Broumand, founder of Man & Machine, Inc., and Scott Nash, owner of Mom’s Organic, all spoke about how implementing a higher wage for their businesses has increased productivity in their staff as well as spurred economic growth.   I believe that raising the minimum wage is not a partisan issue—it’s an issue of economic fairness. Raising it to $10.10 shouldn’t be the final destination, but rather a first step in the right direction.   It’s the right thing to do.
I’m proud that Connecticut has become the first state in the nation to increase its minimum wage to $10.10/hr by 2017. This will give hard-working families the increase they need and deserve.  Congress should look to Connecticut as an example, and do the same.  Families should never have to choose between paying for heat and paying for food or life-saving medications. Not only is this the right thing to do for Connecticut families, it’s the right thing for Connecticut businesses. -RB
I was proud to receive Planned Parenthood's Champion for Women's Health Award tonight. I promise to always fight for women's right to choose, reproductive health care, and women's health care.
At least 12 people have died and 31 have been injured in accidents linked to faulty ignition switches.   Watch this CBS evening news interview with Sen. Blumenthal on the actions he’s taking to hold GM accountable: http://j.mp/1j3kJg6 
ICYMI, yesterday Senator Blumenthal asked the Justice Department to hold GM accountable for failing to report a major defect in cars. GM and NHTSA's failure to act caused financial harm, physical injury, and deaths.  “I write to request your immediate intervention and assistance on behalf of victims of severe damage ... resulting from serious ignition switch defects in General Motors cars.”  Share this: tell the Justice Department we want action. http://j.mp/OXIefb
Senator Blumenthal agrees—and we do, too—that women, not bosses, should be in charge of their personal health care decisions.  361,000 women in Connecticut enjoy the right to insurance coverage of contraception without any additional costs. Today, the Supreme Court will hear arguments brought by for-profit corporations who want to take away their employees’ right to insurance coverage of birth control. A decision in favor of these companies could seriously undermine women’s access to birth control.  Share this if you’re with us.
Tune in tomorrow from 9-10am as Sen. Blumenthal joins Washington Post Live for their "All Things Connected" Forum.  "Cars, clothes, thermostats, medical devices, even our pets — all of the things we interact with each day are increasingly connected to one another, allowing the exchange of real-time information and enabling machines to predict what we’ll need next.”  You can watch the live stream here: http://wapo.st/1d0nVJn
Great interview with Sen. Blumenthal by Dennis House on Face The State.   Watch here: http://www.wfsb.com/category/213663/face-the-state
We must work to reform the FISA court -- and the two pieces of legislation I introduced last year would do just that. Arbitrary governmental invasion of privacy was a huge part of why a few gentlemen got together to rebel and write the Declaration of Independence. It was also because secret courts, operating in secret, was an anathema to them and I submit should be an anathema to us today.  The FISA court should no longer be a court that makes secret law through secret opinions in secret proceedings.   Take two minutes to watch this video, and share: http://j.mp/1gPWfGp
We love this photo of the Yale Law Journal from 1972-73. Like it if you can spot Senator Blumenthal!
Good luck to Coach Kevin Ollie and our UConn Huskies who tip off tonight in the NCAA tournament! Like and share to wish them luck in tonight's game. #UConn #BleedBlue #GameDay
Yesterday, Sen. Blumenthal spoke about the great need to increase accountability for the intelligence community—and he has introduced legislation to reform FISA and the FISA courts.   Read more and share. http://j.mp/1daKifm
The President’s budget includes good news for Connecticut’s defense manufacturers, large and small, and for our men and women in uniform. I have pushed for these one-of-a-kind Combat Rescue Helicopters every step of the way, and I will continue to fight for these priorities as the budget process continues. http://bit.ly/1cI3dsh
Unfortunately due to the poor weather conditions, today's constituent coffee scheduled for 8:30 AM in my Washington, DC office has been cancelled. Check back here for more updates on the new date and time in the coming weeks.
Calling all Nutmeggers in DC: Senator Christopher Murphy and I will be hosting a constituent coffee this Thursday, February 13 from 8:30-9:30 AM.  If interested, RSVP to constituentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov.
Pleasure to meet with #Philomena Lee & her daughter Jane to learn about the recently launched #PhilomenaProject
Meet my guest to tonight's State of the Union address, Staff Sgt. Sandra Lee of Manchester, CT. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xshYFNczWJM
A year to the day that President Obama launched the “Now is the Time” violence prevention initiative, Congress has successfully passed $115 million in support of the program. Funds appropriated through today’s approved FY2014 spending bill will be used to help improve mental health care in this country by allotting:
I'm very proud to have joined Judy Chu, Senator Tammy Baldwin, Senator Barbara Boxer, Representative Marcia L. Fudge, & Rep. Lois Frankel to announce the Women's Health Protection Act.  Learn more about the bill here: http://1.usa.gov/I1kCCG  Watch the announcement here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fSwlG22SlY
Tune in NOW w/ Rep. Judy Chu, Sen Tammy Baldwin, & more to intro landmark women's health bill:  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
Tune in LIVE at 2:30PM as I join Judy Chu, Senator Tammy Baldwin, Senator Barbara Boxer, Representative Marcia L. Fudge & Rep. Lois Frankel to announce our Women's Health Protection Act 0f 2013. 
 
 Watch our press conference LIVE here: http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live
I was so proud to introduce my longtime colleague Linda Spoonster Schwartz, Connecticut's Commissioner of Department of Veterans Affairs who has been nominated to be the Assistant Secretary for Policy and Planning at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.  Watch my introduction here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mjVDfQlIyo
I took to the Senate Floor yesterday to show my support for the Employee Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). No American, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, or otherwise should be denied the ability to obtain or keep a job. Watch my speech here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkf6m351KNw
Thank you to all who came out today for our October constituent coffee. CC: Senator Christopher Murphy
Tune in LIVE at 10AM to watch my Senate Field Hearing on the Metro-North Railroad & Con Edison power failure.   http://bit.ly/BlumeLive
Come join Christopher Murphy and I next Thursday, October 31st from 9-10 for our next Constituent Coffee. Join us, our staffs, and fellow CTers to get an update on our work in the Senate, speak to staff, or just say hi!
 
 RSVP to constitutentcoffee@blumenthal.senate.gov.
Join me in taking a stand against bullying for #LGBTQ youth. On #SpiritDay, I am proud to stand with GLAAD!
I urge my colleagues to come together and resist the pressures and demonstrate the kinds of profiles in courage that we've seen on both sides of the aisle, standing strong, speaking out, resisting partisanship, coming together for the good of the country.
 
 Watch my full speech on the effects of the government shutdown on the tourism & hospitality industry in CT and nationwide here: http://bit.ly/TourismShutdown
I'm headed to the Senate floor NOW to urge my colleagues to act on gun violence prevention legislation in the wake of the 9-month anniversary of the Newtown tragedy and Monday’s mass shooting at a naval office building in Washington, DC. Since Newtown, 8,241 Americans have died as a result of gun violence.Watch the speech LIVE here:  http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Tune in LIVE at 10AM today, September 17th, to join Senator Blumenthal (D-CT), Senator Dan Coats (R-IN), and the Bipartisan Policy Center for a discussion on Hasan Rouhani's election as Iran's next president and the hopes it has raised that a diplomatic deal over Iran's nuclear program might still be within reach.
 
 Livestream here: http://1.usa.gov/15jBb1z
I spoke today on the Senate Floor in support of the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness (ESIC) Act. This measure is so important and so vital to the future of our country not only in the ends and policies it achieves, but also the trust that it will inspire if we're able to come together and work on a bipartisan basis and get this job done. It can set a template for changing the mind-set within this building and across the country as to how congress can function.  the ESIC will spur the use of energy efficiency technologies in the residential, commercial, and industrial sectors of our economy. This will save consumers and taxpayers money through lowered energy consumption, help create jobs, make our country more energy independent, and protect our environment from harmful emissions.  Watch a short piece of my speech on Instagram below.  http://instagram.com/p/eLCz5lGqOm/#
I’ve joined Instagram! Follow me for an inside view of life as a U.S. Senator: http://instagram.com/senblumenthal. Here I am arriving back to my DC office yesterday ahead of crucial debate on intervention in Syria.
Join Christopher Murphy and me next Wednesday, September 18th for our monthly Constituent Coffee from 8AM-9AM in Senator Murphy's DC office, 303 Hart Senate Office Building. RSVP here: http://1.usa.gov/15M735B
Watch me LIVE in 3 minutes on HuffPost Live, where I'll be joining Piper Kerman to condemn the transfer of female prisoners, most in jail for non-violent crimes, away from their families, children, and communities in Danbury, Connecticut. Watch live here: http://huff.lv/127D8k0
Today at 2 PM ET, I will deliver an address at Harvard Law School on legislation I’ve introduced to reform the FISA courts. Watch it live at /hvrd.me/15MdwfN and tweet your reactions using the hashtag  #FISACourtsHLS
It's been one year since #Obamacare gave us no co-pay #birthcontrol! Millions more women can get it if they enroll in Obamacare on October 1st.
The FISA court serves a critical purpose in our national security apparatus, ensuring timely consideration of surveillance requests when seconds matter most. But the court in its current form — unaccountable, secretive, one-sided — is broken. It not only lacks any genuine transparency and accountability, but it also deprives the entire system of trust and credibility in the eyes of the American people. My proposal will bring transparency to the process for selecting FISA court judges and ensure a broader diversity of views on the bench.  The The New York Times Editorial Board agrees with this common sense approach. Read their take on the issue:  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/29/opinion/more-independence-for-the-fisa-court.html?smid=fb-share&_r=0
Check out my filibuster explanation on The Daily Show with John Oliver. Thanks to Jansing & Co. for the assist!  http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/tue-july-16-2013/filibusters?xrs=eml_tds_071713
On any given day in Washington, 11 judges — all designated by Chief Justice John Roberts, without congressional advice or consent — convene to hear surveillance applications from the United States government.  Read more about how we must reform FISA courts in my POLITICO Op-Ed: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/07/fisa-court-process-must-be-unveiled-94127.html#ixzz2Z9XQgfdH
Yesterday, the Senate failed to fix student loan interest rates. Students pay more, while the government profits. Check out my BuzzFeed op-ed for 11 reasons why Congress needs to fix student loan rates:  http://www.buzzfeed.com/senatorblumenthal/11-reasons-why-congress-needs-to-fix-student-loan-c703
On July 1st, student loan rates doubled to 6.8% while the government reaps the rewards. Join us on Twitter at 3PM to encourage Congress to vote on S.1238 and tell us what YOU would do with the $1000 you'll lose if Congress doesn't act. Just the hashtag #DontDoubleMyRate to share your story.
Shamefully, Congress failed to act before today’s deadline to prevent student loan interest rates from doubling. This is an issue on which we should all agree. I call on Congress to return immediately to Washington and pass legislation that will retroactively prevent this de facto tax increase on young people already struggling under mountains of debt. At a time when Americans owe more than $1.2 trillion in student loans debt, the last thing we should do is make college more expensive for students and their families. There is still time to undo this rate increase before borrowers feel its pinch. It is imperative that we act quickly, and show young people across this country that we are committed to easing the student loan debt crisis.
 
 To that end, last week I encouraged young people everywhere to participate boldly in this process, join my social media campaign for action, and ensure that their voices are heard. A year ago, students took to Twitter and Facebook and made the hashtag #DontDoubleMyRate trend nationally. That message successfully forced action then, and it has the power to do so again today. Make yourselves heard, and make Congress listen.
 
 Read your fellow students & grads share their stories and then share yours with me here on Facebook or on Twitter at @SenBlumenthal.
 
 http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/blog/dont-double-my-rate
Today, student loan interest rates double while the gov’t profits. Tell Congress to vote yes on S.1238, #DontDoubleMyRate
NA
In 3 days, student loan interest rates double. It’s time to pass S.1238. #DontDoubleMyRate. LIKE & SHARE if you agree!
Senator Blumenthal’s office is looking for interns! If you are interested in public policy and government, and want a behind the scenes, hands-on experience in our Washington DC office, you should apply to be a Fall 2013 intern. We are looking for both part-time and full-time interns who can work in our office from September through mid-December. Applications can be found at https://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/services/internships and are due on August 1, 2013. Questions? Call (202) 224-2823.
Today’s Supreme Court ruling is a huge and historic victory for freedom and equality, most especially for marriage equality. Standing on the steps of the Supreme Court today as the decision came down, I was proud and overjoyed to be an American and to represent a state that helped lead the way. Connecticut law guaranteeing marriage equality will now be accorded full respect under federal law – and so will married couples regardless of who they are or whom they love. I thank all in Connecticut and the country who have stayed true to this cause, and I pledge to continue the fight so all Americans in all states have marriage equality.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhWxk4HHja0&feature=c4-overview&list=UUHH-fn3_LVt0Q4od56rOi5g
I stand with Wendy! Thank you for your courage and determination in defeating S.B. 5, a bill that would have severely limited women’s reproductive choices in Texas. Your steadfastness sets an example that one person’s voice and commitment can make a difference. As Senators, we were awestruck as we watched you stand on the Senate floor of the Texas Legislature for hours in the face of ideologically based attempts to pass legislation that would threaten women’s health. Thanks to your dedication, Texas and the rest of the country will rethink efforts to enact similar laws. We are proud to call you an ally and a friend.
The Supreme Court’s decision to invalidate this key part of the Voting Rights Act – legislation that 98 Senators and 390 Representatives voted to extend in 2006 – is an example of judicial overreach at its worst. This decision rolls back hard-fought civil rights protections, undoes nearly 50 years of accepted law, and imperils progress even as Americans in certain counties and states face new barriers to voting. The good news is that, although the formula to determine which jurisdictions fall under the pre-clearance provision in the Voting Rights Act has been struck down, the provision itself is still intact. Consequently, I will immediately begin working with my colleagues in the Senate on a bill to establish a new formula that ensures all Americans are given an equal right to vote.
  
 Let this decision not be a setback; let it be a call to arms. On behalf of the generations who fought valiantly to rid our country of oppressive and racist poll taxes, we must rededicate ourselves today to the intent of the Voting Rights Act and ensure that collectively we remain committed to its goals.
Yesterday, Christopher Murphy & I visited the NTSB Labs in Washington, D.C. to view the progress of the Bridgeport derailment investigation and discuss what can be learned from the recent derailments nationwide. Watch a recap of our visit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdleI2ZWL4Q
Marriage equality is a human right, and I am committed to ensuring that it becomes a reality. I am proud to stand with the NOH8 Campaign in their tireless work against prejudice and injustice. Government should never disadvantage people on the basis of whom they love.
Tonight I took to the Senate Floor to condemn House Bill H.R. 1797 and its war on women. It's another example of legislation that feigns concern for women's health when actually it would endanger the lives and well-being of women across this great country.  Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiY1q-iSfiE
Today, I chaired a hearing of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation on improving passenger and freight rail safety – a hearing I requested in light of recent train accidents in Connecticut and Maryland. During the hearing, the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) confirmed that the May 15 inspection report of the MTA Metro-North Railroad shows that there were safety issues on the track prior to the derailment in Bridgeport, and I emphasized the need for MTA to adopt shunt technology – a $200 device that could have likely saved the life of the Metro-North track foreman Robert Luden who died in a train accident near West Haven.  Watch some of the hearing here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQu94Wmb5NM
Tune in LIVE at 10AM as I chair my first Commerce Committee hearing where we'll be discussing rail safety, accidents like those in Bridgeport and Baltimore, and what we must do to improve our rail safety and infrastructure. Tune in LIVE here: http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live
This Small Business Week, it was especially exciting to join the ground breaking for Alexion Pharmaceuticals’ New Haven world headquarters - a one-time small business that has become a Fortune 500 innovator of life saving medicine and Connecticut job creator.
There’s a lot of talk these days about losing momentum, diminishing passion, we’re here to say the momentum is strong, the passion is stronger. We lost the first vote, but we’re going to win the last vote. On this 6 month anniversary of the massacre in Newtown, with over 5,000 gun deaths in America since that fateful day, it is clear that we must act now to end gun violence.
Today, the Senate Armed Services Committee debated how best to reduce sexual assault in our military. Watch my remarks in the committee below:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVUGCztriyk
On Tuesday, I joined National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association, Guttmacher Institute, ACLU Nationwide and other advocates to celebrate the 48th Anniversary of the Griswold v. Connecticut decision. Here's a recap of the event!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dDU6eFKqkQ&feature=youtu.be
The Supreme Court’s historic decision in Griswold v. Connecticut recognizing a fundamental right to privacy profoundly expanded a woman’s access to birth control. Forty-eight years later, legal access to contraception has helped enable women to seek higher education and join the workforce in record numbers. Since Griswold, the Supreme Court has firmly established a woman’s right to privacy in accessing contraception and I believe the current Court must continue to recognize and protect this right. Whatever the legal issues at stake, access to emergency contraceptives and other forms of birth control is, at its core, a human issue that intimately affects the lives of women and their families.
Don't forget to tune in LIVE at 10AM today for our briefing on the 48th anniversary of the landmark Griswold v. Connecticut Supreme Court decision. Have questions for the experts? Comment below!  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
Tune in tomorrow LIVE as I join National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association, Guttmacher Institute, ACLU Nationwide & advocates as we celebrate the 48th anniversary of the landmark Griswold v. Connecticut Supreme Court decision that protected the right to privacy and nullified a ban on contraceptives in Connecticut.
 
 Have questions? Comment below and we'll do our best to ask the experts!
 
 http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live
There's no reason military sexual assault victims should be given less respect or fewer rights than civilian sexual assault victims. The key to deterring crime is prosecuting and punishing it effectively, which requires crime reporting by victims. Victims denied rights and respect won't report sexual assaults or any other serious crimes. If sexual assault isn’t reported it can’t be prosecuted or deterred. I'm introducing The Military Crime Victims’ Rights Act of 2013 in response to documented injustices related to cases of sexual assault in the military.   I'm speaking LIVE on the Senate Floor on it NOW. Watch live: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Join me and Congressmember Karen Bass LIVE in a few minutes for the Congressional Forum on children at the intersection of child welfare, foster care systems and domestic child trafficking. We're joining experts to discuss how we can combat this horrific practice. Have a question for the experts? Comment here and we'll do our best to answer them all! Tune in below!  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
Despite reforms to tighten prohibitions against animal fighting, a glaring federal law loophole remains: Attendance at an animal fight must be made a federal crime. Now, the Animal Fighting Spectator Prohibition Act presently has 14 bipartisan co-sponsors in the Senate and 147 bipartisan co-sponsors in the House. This legislation is supported by a host of animal welfare groups and approximately 300 law enforcement organizations. Closing the spectator loophole in federal animal fighting statutes will help close the books on this inhumane activity. Read my op-ed on the bill here!
Yesterday, I delivered a speech on the Senate floor objecting to Senator Mike Lee’s abortion resolution. Lee’s resolution – introduced in response to the trial of Philadelphia abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell – states that “Congress and States should gather information about and correct abusive, unsanitary, and illegal abortion practices and the interstate referral of women and girls to facilities engaged in dangerous or illegal second- and third-trimester procedures.”   During the floor speech, I objected to Lee’s resolution and introduced my own resolution, which states that all “incidents of abusive, unsanitary, or illegal health care practices should be condemned and prevented and the perpetrators should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.”  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qqhnxRewHo&list=UUHH-fn3_LVt0Q4od56rOi5g&index=1
This weekend at its national conference in Houston, the National Rifle Association celebrated. The organization is celebrating the fact that the Senate, despite the wishes of a majority of Americans, failed to pass the gun violence prevention bill last month. Don't take my word for it. Take theirs.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-richard-blumenthal/theres-nothing-to-celebra_b_3211185.html
A bittersweet morning with Christopher Murphy and Newtown, Connecticut Middle School as they laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington.
Wednesday was one of the saddest, most troubling days in my 40+ year career in public service. The Senate turned its back on America, but the American people will not take no for an answer. How could 90% of America, a majority of NRA members & 55 Senators support these measures & they still fail to become law? It was demoralizing & discouraging but not defeating. The families are resolute & resilient. As they said, we're not even close to done.
We are discouraged but not defeated. The Senate said no to America today, but we will not take no for an answer. The Newtown families & Leader Reid say this is just round one. As they said today, “We’re not even close to done.” Today was a sad & shameful moment for Democracy, stymied by the 60 vote filibuster rule that stacked the deck against gun safety reform.
On December 14, 2012, Adam Lanza took the lives of 20 children and six educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School using 30-round magazines, enabling him to fire more than 150 rounds in five minutes. Lanza left his small capacity magazines at home, in what seemed to be a conscious decision to kill as many students and teachers as he could as quickly and lethally as possible. High capacity magazines are the key means of massacre for mass murders & must be banned. Read my op-ed today on The Huffington Post.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-richard-blumenthal/high-capacity-magazines_b_3100361.html
In Connecticut, the average woman with a full time job will make $13,229 less than her male counterpart this year. This means that every year, Connecticut loses approximately $6,695,752,518 due to the wage gap. The economic security of women, families, and Connecticut are put at risk when women are paid less than men. It's time for Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
Congratulations to UConn Women's Basketball & Coach Geno for their incredible, record-setting victory last night! You have made Connecticut proud. You are all true champions!
The Red Sox took the first matchup of the season, but you still have time to vote in our poll and decide once and for all if Connecticut is New York Yankees or Boston Red Sox country.
 
 Cast your vote now!
 
 http://on.fb.me/Z4u4qd
Today is baseball Opening Day and my office wants to know the answer to one of Connecticut's most pressing questions: is CT Boston Red Sox or New York Yankees country? Vote right here in my Facebook poll! Click the link below or the tab at the top of my wall.  http://www.facebook.com/SenBlumenthal/app_208195102528120
A great prank by the 6th graders of Saxe Middle School in New Canaan, Connecticut!  http://newcanaan.patch.com/announcements/april-fools-prank-for-a-beloved-bus-driver
NRA leadership demonstrated yet again last week just how low they are willing to go in their unconscionable effort to block any and all common sense, life saving gun violence legislation. Their most recent repugnant tactic—repeated robo calls to Newtown, Connecticut families—mocks and betrays the courage and compassion demonstrated by the Newtown community just barely three months after one of the world’s most horrific acts of gun violence seized 26 beautiful and heroic young lives.  Read more over at Think Progress:  http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2013/03/25/1768431/blumenthal-nra-sandy-hook/?mobile=nc
I'm inspired by the courageous work of IAVA, Storming the Hill today for inproved veterans benefits & to end the terrible claims backlog for veterans with the Dept of Veterans Affairs.
The recent Muslim Brotherhood denunciation of legal rights for women, including inheritance rights and the right to file legal complaints against their husbands for rape, was repugnant and contrary to the leadership Egypt has traditionally shown in the advancement of human rights. We should be steadfast in our condemnation of those that attempt to justify or prevaricate over any form of violence against women.   http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/blumenthal-13-other-senators-send-letter-asking-secretary-kerry-to-urge-morsi-other-united-nations-members-to-renounce-statements-made-against-women-by-muslim-brotherhood
As we have sought all along—and as the President has urged—we will have a vote on life-saving common sense gun violence measures. I am hopeful that critical gun legislation will pass this session, including bills I have co-sponsored to crack down on illegal gun trafficking, enhance school safety, strengthen background checks and improve our mental health system. The assault weapons ban was always an uphill battle this session. As we have known all along, we face a marathon effort and not a sprint. As the cyclists of Newtown, Connecticut’s Team 26 said, we need to keep pedaling.
Here I am with a few of Newtown's heroes, the 911 Call Center staff of Newtown, Connecticut. They will be receiving an award tonight as America's top call center by their 911 colleagues and I have the distinct honor of presenting them with the award.
I'm so happy I got to spend a few minutes with Connecticut's Stars of Life, 4 emergency responders being honored tonight as some of the best in nation. You are making Connecticut very proud!
Many thanks to Joe Carbone of The WorkPlace, an amazing Connecticut organization training and educating CT's long term unemployed to give them the tools to get great jobs and improve Connecticut's workforce. Joe was down in DC speaking on a panel hosted by Mark Begich on workforce development.
I'm so proud to stand with Newtown Action Alliance's Team 26, who arrived today in Washington to deliver a message to Congress: we need safer gun laws. Christopher Murphy, Elizabeth Esty, Rosa DeLauro, Joe Courtney, Jim Himes, John Larson and I were there to receive their message and thank them for their incredible effort. Many good folks helped them along the way, in support vans, at bike shops, and cheering them on along the side of the road. America is sending a message loud and clear: now is the time.
A proud day for Healthbridge employees returning to work!
Today, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on Senator Dianne Feinstein's proposed ban on Assault Weapons. Courageous Newtown residents & families came to the hearing to advocate for the law. Neil Heslin, father of Jesse, killed at Sandy Hook Elementary, sent a powerful message on why we must reduce gun violence in this country. Now is the time.
Tune in LIVE now to watch Joe Biden, Chris Murphy (politician), Elizabeth Esty, Secretary Arne Duncan, Dan Malloy and myself as we discuss reducing gun violence in America.
 
 http://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/live-video
I look forward to meeting the 26 cyclists as they depart Sandy Hook for Washington, DC on March 12. These inspiring athletes bring with them an important message, and one that I have heard from parents, educators, first responders and mental health professionals day after day since the horrific tragedy in Sandy Hook. Sandy Hook deserves action to reduce gun violence. A comprehensive effort to reduce gun violence must include common sense measures to keep guns and ammunition out of the wrong hands, assist our law enforcement officials in enforcing the laws already on the books, reform our broken mental health system and ensure our kids are safe in and out of school.  I thank the Sandy Hook Ride on Washington participants and organizers for keeping the momentum going on this vitally important issue.
Happy Valentine's Day to all! Share the Sandy Hook Promise with your loved ones to join #1millionhearts for Newtown
This Valentine's Day, share some love with Newtown. Share the Sandy Hook Promise Valentine with friends & family.
I asked, and you answered. These are the most commonly used words in your comments to me on the President’s State of the Union Speech. And the President raised many of the issues you wanted to discuss. From reducing gun violence, to comprehensive immigration reform, to improving our economy and the lives of the middle class, President Obama set forth an image of America that we must work for in the year ahead.
This evening the President outlined a wide range of economic proposals that are really about restoring the American Dream ¬– creating an America where the middle class isn’t squeezed into poverty and the wealthy pay their fair share. The President also understands that restoring the American Dream will not be possible if we do not tackle the social issues that plague this nation – namely gun violence and immigration. When 20 children and six educators are slaughtered in a schoolhouse, and when immigrants who desperately want to contribute to this nation cannot – the American Dream becomes a dream deferred. I look forward to working with my colleagues on a bipartisan basis to keep this nation on a path toward progress
I'll be joining The Huffington Post Live in 15 minutes for a Google Hangout to discuss the State of the Union, gun violence in America and the National Rifle Association's "Connecticut Effect".
 
 Tune in!
 
 http://live.huffingtonpost.com/r/segment/senator-richard-blumenthal-nra/511433fbfe344437580002e2
Think Progress has a story on the appalling National Rifle Association comments about the "Connecticut Effect"
The remarks by a NRA lobbyist that the organization's efforts would intensify after the "Connecticut effect" subsides are callous and offensive and should be denounced by the NRA. If the NRA believes that Americans are going to forget what happened two months ago this week, it is sorely mistaken.  I wrote on The Huffington Post today about why National Rifle Association should repudiate & reject this insult.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-richard-blumenthal/on-the-nras-callous-and-o_b_2670488.html
With Valentine's Day right around the corner, share some love with the Newtown community. Make the Sandy Hook Promise.
Such a pleasure to spend a few minutes with Allison and Ava Schwartz from We Are Newtown today. Keep up the excellent work you are doing each and every day.
What would you like President Obama to say about gun violence in the State of the Union? Tell me in the comments below
Be prepared for the approaching blizzard. Check out the CT Emergency Services website for up-to-date emergency announcements: http://www.ct.gov/demhs/site/default.asp. Follow all local emergency alerts. Please be safe, smart, and careful today. Check on neighbors & loved ones to make sure everyone gets through this storm safely.
Be prepared for the approaching blizzard. Check out the CT Emergency Services website for up-to-date emergency announcements: http://www.ct.gov/demhs/site/default.asp. Follow all local emergency alerts. Please be safe, smart, and careful today. Check on neighbors & loved ones to make sure everyone gets through this storm safely.
Incredible, inspirational buzzer beater last night for Newtown High School Basketball senior night! Great to see you guys as the #1 play on ESPN!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AmnabttACI
Wayne Lapierre agreed to make the Sandy Hook Promise, I hope the promise will be fulfilled. Join us in that pledge by making the promise too: http://bit.ly/YiWvCy
People of Newtown and CT say to me, we must do something. I’m joining Senator Dianne Feinstein today to introduce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013. The Sandy Hook tragedy is a call to action.  We must try to ban assault weapons & large capacity clips.
I'm joining Senator Dianne Feinstein, Christopher Murphy & others to introduce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013. Watch the announcement live at 11AM here: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senblumenthal
A wonderful way to end #inauguration weekend, meeting w/ students from Danbury, Connecticut, Waterford, Connecticut, Wilton, Connecticut & Central Connecticut State University #CTinDC
Are you coming to DC for the Presidential Inauguration? Just here visiting? Share your photos with me!
 
 You can share by email at photos@blumenthal.senate.gov, Instagram or Tweet using the hashtag #CTinDC, or send to me here on Facebook.
 
 I'll share your photos and memories with our friends and family back in Connecticut!
The Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013 is a common sense step towards reducing gun violence in America. Here are just a few statistics that will drive home why the Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013 is needed. Share if you agree!
 
 o According to the FBI, over the last decade, over 100 million background checks have been run on firearms purchases.
 
 o The vast majority of checks took about 30 seconds.
 
 o Less than one percent of the checks resulted in a denial.
 
 o But that still meant that 700,000 people that under the law were prohibited from purchasing guns – including felons, domestic abusers, and the mentally ill -- were blocked from those purchases.
 
 Learn more about the Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013 here: http://blumenthal.senate.gov/ammunition-background-check-act-of-2013
Yesterday, I announced the Ammunition Background Check Act of 2013. Ammunition sales should be subject to the same legal requirements as firearm sales – instant background checks using the FBI’s national database. There is no rational reason why a person can walk into a store, fill their shopping cart with hundreds of rounds of ammo, pay up, and walk out without so much as giving their name. This proposal would close this ludicrous loophole. 
 
 Share if you think we need a sensible solution to gun violence in America.
 
 Learn more about my proposed bill here: http://blumenthal.senate.gov/ammunition-background-check-act-of-2013
Congrats to my new colleague Christopher Murphy. I'm thrilled to be working with you for many years to come!
