My 3 year old is playing with a new felt board and my 6 year old is already working on a new Star Wars lego. Merry Christmas from a happy Murphy house.
Still looking for the perfect holiday gift? There are countless Connecticut-made products perfect for everyone on your list. Yesterday I stopped by two local companies, Hartford Denim Company and Hartford Prints! to talk to the owners and do some last-minute shopping
Had a great time yesterday visiting three Greenwich nonprofits - Boys & Girls Club of Greenwich, Family Centers and Kids in Crisis. The work that they do and the resources they provide for local kids are tremendous. I look forward to continuing to advocate for organizations like these in Washington and support additional federal funding for programs that serve our young people.
The holidays are a great time to be in Connecticut. Cities and towns across the state are putting on fun holidays traditions this season. Below are a few of my favorites - let me know yours in the comments: - Winterfest Skating in Bushnell Park in Hartford is free and open 7 days a week: http://bit.ly/1J3CGIf - Lantern Light Tours at Mystic Seaport is a play unfolds throughout the maritime village: http://bit.ly/1ApKbU1 - Holiday on Main Street in Middletown features entertainment every week ranging from free horse and carriage rides to Santa Claus: http://bit.ly/1ztFkCK - 16th Annual Meyer Holiday 5K Run for Toys in Fairfield collects toys for kids in need. This year's race is on Dec. 21st: http://bit.ly/1GQE5xJ - The Silver Lights Festival in Hubbard Part in Meriden is a beautiful display with over 200,000 white lights: http://bit.ly/13yHk0C
I'm thrilled that Connecticut will receive a $45 million grant from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to test our State Innovation Model. This initiative will focus on improving the health of Connecticut residents, eliminating health disparities, improving the quality of care and lowering costs. This grant, a part of the Affordable Care Act, is just one way that the #ACAworks for CT residents by improving the way our health system serves patients.
Today I was proud to cast my vote to confirm Dr. Vivek Murthy as Surgeon General. After more than a year of gridlock we will now have a Surgeon General on the job who will help us face public health crises and work to address some of the country's biggest health problems.
Today is the last day to enroll in health insurance if you want your coverage to start on January 1st. Don't wait - visit www.healthcare.gov to compare plans and sign up.
Starting my morning on CNN's New Day. Will be on shortly after 7am to talk about the path forward for the anti-gun violence movement and what I'm doing to make a change. Tune in. http://www.cnn.com/2014/12/12/politics/sandy-hook-two-years-later-chris-murphy/index.html
An important healthcare deadline is only 3 days away. Enroll by December 15th to ensure that your healthcare coverage starts on January 1st. Visit www.accesshealthCT.com to compare plans and enroll in coverage
This Sunday marks two years since the tragic shooting in Sandy Hook that took 26 lives far too soon. Since that day I have pledged to make sure that those lives, and the thousands of others who are taken from us due to gun violence, are not forgotten. I promise that I will continue to tell their stories on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I hope that by sharing these stories, my colleagues will better understand the people behind these tragedies.
Every family has their own rituals to protect kids from monsters under the bed - I know mine does. But when it comes to protecting our children from gun violence, it's clear that we must do more. Watch this powerful new video from Sandy Hook Promise and share if you agree it's time to #ProtectOurKids
As a father of a 3 year old and a 6 year old, I am particularly appreciative of everything early childhood education does to improve a kid's well-being. Today, I'm proud to announce that my Connecticut colleagues and I were able to secure a $12.5 million grant from the U.S. Department of Education and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to expand CT's preschool programs. Now, more kids in CT will have access to quality early learning programs. I was proud to fight for this funding, and I'm pleased to see the federal government invest in the educational success of kids across Connecticut.
This morning, I joined Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America as they revealed the findings of a new report showing that there have been at least 95 school shootings since the tragedy in Sandy Hook two years ago. This number is far too high. The reality is that Congress is complicit in these murders if we continue to sit back and do nothing to reverse this trend. We don’t have to choose between protecting the Second Amendment and enacting common-sense safety measures. It’s long overdue for Congress to stand up and act. Read the full report here: http://bit.ly/1Bxerjo
As we begin the debate in the Senate on whether or not to authorize military action against the Islamic State and the Levant (ISIL), I wanted to share some important news from the region with you.   Earlier this month, the World Food Program announced it was suspending food benefits for over one million Syrian refugees who have fled to other countries.   We are a generous nation and so not surprisingly, we are the largest single donor to the World Food Program. But upon hearing news of this funding crisis, the response from our government was that America has done its part and it is up to our partners to step up to fill the gap.   And other countries certainly should.   But there is a double standard within our foreign policy. When it comes to the military campaign we’ve undertaken against ISIL, America doesn't just do “just our part.” We allocate everything it takes to carry out our military objective.   But when it comes to humanitarian relief, we only do part of the job, and rely on others to pick up the difference.  Why?  It certainly can't be because it's in our national security interest - many of the hungry Syrians who will now go without World Food Program assistance will turn to ISIL for food, cash, or protection.  Failing to invest in humanitarian programs can be just as dangerous to U.S. national security as failing to invest in military operations.   I spoke about this issue in-depth last week during a virtual roundtable with MoveOn members. I hope you’ll watch the two minute video on the topic and share it with friends as we debate this issue in the Senate.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pzgIJXPjO8
My first two years as a U.S. Senator have been full of both challenges and proud moments. As I look forward to the years ahead I promise to keep fighting for Connecticut, to keep working hard, and to always keep riding the bus.
Two years ago, the Newtown community suffered an inconceivable tragedy. But instead of reacting with bitterness, Newtown chose to honor the memory of those lost with love and action, encouraging people in Connecticut and across the country to perform acts of kindness. On Friday, December 5th, I decided to honor their memory by performing 26 random acts of kindness across Connecticut. Here are just a few photos of the day. I encourage you to join me and share your own acts of kindness throughout the month of December using the hashtag #26Acts.
TONIGHT I'm joining MoveOn.org for a video roundtable on key issues. I'll be talking about the need for diplomacy with Iran and I'll be joined by leaders from Demos, United We Dream and ColorOfChange.org who'll address topics like immigration, the budget, and Ferguson.   Click here to sign up, submit a question, and join us at 8 pm ET tonight: http://bit.ly/1rV998K
After a long process, I'm proud that we were able to secure the necessary funding to restore Woodmont Beach after it was devastated by Hurricane Irene.
This year, as I think about what I'm thankful for, I don't have to look far - a wonderful family, good health, great friends, and the honor of a lifetime to serve Connecticut in the U.S. Senate. I'd love to hear what you're thankful for today. Take a few seconds to let me know in the comments
What's better than mashed potatoes, turkey, and grandma's apple pie? How about getting the health care you need when you need it. Check out my latest on BuzzFeed on why everyone around your Thanksgiving table can be thankful for the Affordable Care Act http://www.buzzfeed.com/senatormurphy/why-everyone-around-your-thanksgiving-table-should-105c1
Join me this Sunday in Litchfield at 4:00pm for a town hall at the Litchfield Intermediate School. I'll be taking your questions on foreign policy and discussing topics ranging from the situation in Ukraine to our efforts to combat ISIL in Syria. Hope to see you there.
Connecticut's CHET College Savings helps families save for college from day one. The new Baby Scholars Program provides up to $250 toward a newborn’s future college costs. Programs like these encourage families to save and studies show that children with accounts like this are 3x more likely to attend college, and 4x more likely to graduate. Learn more at: http://bit.ly/1p6ettW
The executive action announced by the president tonight addresses all sides of the immigration crisis. It secures the border, prioritizes the deportation of felons, allows families to stay together, and incentivizes businesses to hire workers legally. However, the president's decision is a temporary step that will be superseded when Congress finally decides to act on this issue. Hopefully this announcement will be a forcing mechanism to prompt Congress to pass an immigration reform bill that will bring people out of the shadows and grow our economy.
Today I issued a call for comprehensive reform of the Connecticut election administration. Many local registrars have run smooth, efficient elections for decades, but simple and inexcusable mistakes on the part of some local registrars have resulted in citizens being denied their constitutional right to vote. Read my full statement in the Hartford Courant.
If we expect our nation to be prepared for public health crises like Ebola we need a Surgeon General on the job. But Dr. Vivek Murthy has been awaiting confirmation for over a year. It is the Surgeon General who can make sure that science and established facts dictate our response to diseases like Ebola -- or the next disease to threaten America -- rather than politics or innuendo. Check out my op-ed on why the time to confirm Dr. Murthy is now, share if you agree.
Open enrollment starts today. Check out Access Health CT and visit www.accesshealthct.com to compare plans and enroll in coverage.
Under the Affordable Care Act insurance companies can no longer deny patients coverage for pre-existing conditions like asthma and diabetes. Open enrollment starts tomorrow. Visit www.accesshealthct.com to learn about your options and #GetCovered.
Today, join Sandy Hook Promise and help protect children from gun violence by having a conversation about being a better bystander. Learn more at https://promiseday.org
Open enrollment is your chance to #GetCovered, and it’s only two days away. If you have questions, Access Health CT has answers. Check out their FAQs here: http://bit.ly/1xScngX
We’re counting down to open enrollment on November 15th and highlighting how the #ACAworks for Connecticut residents. Are you ready to #GetCovered? Learn more at Access Health CT
In honor of Veterans Day we are highlighting 13 outstanding Connecticut men and women who served our country in uniform, and who continue to serve as pillars of their communities in CT. We are forever grateful for their service and their sacrifice. Take a moment to read each of their stories - you will be glad you did.
On Tuesday, voters made it clear that they support anti-gun violence policies and candidates. From our own Governor Malloy in CT, to Governor Hickenlooper in CO, not to mention dozens of state and local legislators across the country. In Washington state, voters resoundingly approved a measure requiring universal background checks. Read my full post on what these elections mean for gun-sense policies, and share if you agree: http://bit.ly/1oto6T5
Today's the day. Make your voice heard and cast your vote. Not sure where to go? Find your polling place in CT here: http://bit.ly/1tX4eZh
What's #ScarierThanHalloween? The idea that Republicans could undo all the progress made under the Affordable Care Act. The #ACA works - we've seen it firsthand. In Connecticut alone, 991,000 residents gained access to preventative services like well-woman visits and cancer screenings, 23,000 young people were able to stay on their parent's health insurance plans and nearly 613,000 gained access to expanded mental health services.
#TBT from Fall, 1974 in honor of Halloween. Clearly, I didn't hold back on the candy as a kid
Today, I released a report entitled "Not Made In U.S.A: Buy American Act Waivers and Connecticut Manufacturing Jobs". The report shows that the U.S. Department of Defense has spent over $163 billion on foreign products since 2007 instead of investing billions of dollars in America's manufacturing economy. Too many talented, hardworking manufacturers in Connecticut are out of work because the federal government isn’t doing enough to prioritize American jobs when making purchases.   This is a simple concept: the United States government should give preference to American manufacturers when it purchases goods with taxpayer dollars. But right now that’s not happening. The Department of Defense needs to step it up and put American workers first whenever possible.  http://www.americanmanufacturing.org/blog/entry/report-dod-has-buy-america-waivers-piling-up
Senator Blumenthal, Senator Feinstein, and I are calling on Kroger to implement new policies that would prevent individuals from openly carrying firearms into the company's stores. There is simply no reason why someone would need an AK-47 to purchase milk, bread, or other basic necessities at a grocery store. However, the current Kroger policy allows for these demonstrations.  We're joining the efforts of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and Everytown for Gun Safety who stand strong against gun violence every single day. They've successfully demanded that other companies, such as Starbucks, Chipotle, and Target, do the right thing and prevent open carry in their stores.   With new FBI data showing that nearly half of active shooter incidents between 2000-2013 occurred in areas of commerce, stores like Kroger should step up and help reduce gun violence across America.
Check out my first ever Buzzfeed listicle:  8 Reasons Why You Should Care About Super Pollutants #ActOnClimate http://www.buzzfeed.com/senatormurphy/8-reasons-why-you-should-care-about-super-pollutan-105c1
I'll be on CNN State of the Union with Candy Crowley tomorrow morning (9am & 12pmEST). Topic tomorrow is ISIL. Hope you'll tune in. sotu.blogs.cnn.com 
ICYMI My op-ed in The Hill on the need to invest in international family planning. #WorldContraceptionDay http://t.co/pYYOB34ifn/s/mkNy
Women in Connecticut who have low wage jobs are working hard every day to make ends meet and provide for their families, but it’s nearly impossible for them to get ahead when their employer doesn’t give them much say when it comes to scheduling the hours they work. In Connecticut, women make up the majority of hourly workers, and they especially deserve a work schedule that allows them to plan for reliable child care, secure a second job or continue their education. I visited New Haven with Congresswoman DeLauro today to announce my support for the Schedules That Work Act because it will allow hourly workers in Connecticut the flexibility they need to have more prosperous, stable and happy lives.
Navy Chaplain Lieutenant Thomas M. Conway, who grew up on Cooke Street in Waterbury, was a chaplain aboard the USS Medusa and the USS Indianapolis during the Second World War. On July 30, 1945, Father Conway was aboard the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine. Of the 1,196 crew aboard, approximately 300 were killed in the attack and subsequent sinking of the ship.   Father Conway was among the roughly 900 sailors left in the water facing shark attacks, dehydration, and exposure. For three straight days, Father Conway swam back and forth among crew members, helping individual sailors who drifted away to rejoin their comrades, organizing prayer groups, and urging the increasingly dehydrated and delirious men not to give up hope of rescue. He died on the third day, August 2, 1945, shortly before Navy pilots spotted the survivors. Just 316 men survived, making the sinking of the USS Indianapolis the single greatest loss of life at sea in the history of the United States Navy.  This week, Senator Blumenthal and I sent Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy, new evidence and documentation from veterans across the United States supporting the application to posthumously award Father Conway the Navy Cross – America’s second highest military decoration for valor. We were able to get these stories thanks to the local efforts of Bob Dorr, Secretary of the Waterbury veterans Memorial Committee, and the entire Waterbury Veterans Committee. They were able to gather eyewitness accounts of Father Conway’s actions to help make the case for this recognition to the Navy.   The living survivors of the USS Indianapolis have made it their mission to make sure Father Conway is recognized by the U.S. Navy for his acts of heroism, saving many of their comrades’ lives at sea. I'm proud to join their efforts so that Father Conway is posthumously awarded the Navy Cross which he undoubtedly deserves.
Honored to be a guest on first month of Chuck Todd's Meet the Press on NBC. Topic tomorrow is ISIL with Senator Ron Johnson. Hope you'll tune in tomorrow morning.
NA
Met with Waterbury's Rick Mastracchio yesterday to discuss his mission to the International Space Station. One meeting I can say was truly out of this world. #SpaceHumor
Today the GOP blocked the Paycheck Fairness Act yet again. That's - incredibly - the second time this year. The wage gap doesn't just hurt women, it hurts families across Connecticut, but Senate Republicans don't seem to get that. Equal pay for equal work is a pretty simple concept Republicans should get behind, and I'll keep fighting until the Paycheck Fairness Act becomes law.
Celebrating $14.4 million for downtown Waterbury today. This U.S. Department of Transportation funding will make sense of the dizzying networks of roads and mass transit in the city. I was proud to fight for this funding with Mayor O'Leary, Congresswoman Esty, Governor Malloy, Congresswoman DeLauro and Senator Blumenthal, and I can't wait to see this project finally come together.
NA
Like so many in Connecticut, I lost neighbors and friends on 9/11. We will never, never forget them.
As you may have heard, CL&P is planning to increase its service fee dramatically for customers in Connecticut. This is a move that will put a huge additional burden on homeowners in Connecticut, but it will also likely deter clean energy usage. When electrical rates rise, that can be an incentive to invest in energy-saving home upgrades and explore alternative energy options. But when you increase a flat fee like this, consumers have little recourse and are largely unable to escape the impact of the increase.   I'm calling on CL&P to not increase its service fee and come up with a new proposal that won't force customers to shoulder this burden and minimizes impacts on consumer incentives to invest in energy efficiency. CL&P should work with the Connecticut Clean Energy Finance and Investment Authority to find a better path forward.
Panera did the right thing by asking customers to leave guns at home. Another big win for #gunsense advocates http://t.co/qNZw087WHQ
NA
Meeting with CT law enforcement in New Haven to talk about how military hardware is used and distributed. Important conversation before the Senate reconvenes on Monday.
Looking forward to my town hall mtg in Norwich tonight. 530pm at Norwich City Hall. Lots to talk about. Feel free to stop by.
Do you know anyone who has exhausted their unemployment benefits but is still looking for a job?  The Workplace has a program that is proven to get people back on their feet.  Thanks to Governor Malloy, the Workplace is able to expand their program statewide.  I have seen first-hand how long-term unemployment can devastate families and communities and I am so proud that Connecticut and The Workplace are on the front lines in the fight to get people back to work.  This program has even been recognized by President Obama as a program that can help those who have been out of work for months or even years. I hope you'll visit http://www.platformtoemployment.com/ to learn about the program.
Had a great day at the Newtown Labor Day parade and events in Willimantic and Columbia. Happy Labor Day to everyone in CT!
The #IceBucketChallenge has spread #ALS awareness. Now Congress should do its part & fully fund NIH so research can expand http://m.middletownpress.com/middletownpres/db_280422/contentdetail.htm?contentguid=icpsrP8u
The increasing reach and brutality of ISIS in Iraq and Syria presents a critical national security challenge for the United States. The murder of James Foley and threats to other Americans are barbaric and cowardly acts, and the United States should act to protect our citizens from harm and defend our vital national security interests.     But in evaluating our options in taking on ISIS, we need to be clear eyed about the scope of the effort required to eliminate the threat they pose. A broader fight against ISIS will likely require a sustained, long term military campaign across the Middle East region. Without defined objectives and means, the United States could end up marching down another slippery slope of war, entangling us in a bloody sectarian conflict without end. Our protracted engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan have demonstrated that U.S. military force alone is insufficient to build broken nations and solve centuries old sectarian disputes.   I support the Administration’s initial efforts to protect our personnel and to provide urgent humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi people, but the president’s authority under Article II of the Constitution is not limitless.  I also appreciate the fact that President Obama recognizes the constitutional role of Congress in foreign policy, demonstrated most recently by his call last summer for congressional authorization of military action in Syria.   I do not believe any of the existing war authorizations give constitutional permission to the Administration to fight a new long term war against ISIS. Thus, if the president anticipates military involvement beyond our original limited objectives in Iraq or Syria, the Administration needs to come to Congress to outline its military objectives and seek specific authorization before we enter into a new war in the Middle East.
I'm proud to work with Senator Susan Collins on climate change legislation. Short-lived climate pollutants are the problem too few people are talking about, but are doing some of the worst damage to the atmosphere. As we work to combat threats to our climate, we can’t leave short-lived pollutants out of the equation. http://m.ctpost.com/news/article/Bipartisanship-has-not-died-5704051.php
Register Citizen: Buying American-made products will help working families most of all http://t.co/kjQAq7D3iN 
With the family at the Hamburg Fair today.
Spent Friday night at the Soundview Carousel in Old Lyme. Been coming here for 41 years. My 5 yr old got a stuffed animal out of the arcade claw machine last night, restoring my faith forever in claw machines.
How student debt crushes your chances of buying a home http://t.co/Wuxr6eITVJ
Ok Elizabeth Esty, took the #IceBucketChallenge to #StrikeOutALS (filmed by the best camera man around). Jim Himes I nominate you next https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4VbQfVvVQ4
What happens when you refuse to expand Medicaid. #ACAworks http://t.co/wW6OM8bAaN
Great day on Freund's Farm yesterday. Was able to learn some different things about farming and running a farm that can help me in my work on ag policy in Washington. http://www.registercitizen.com/general-news/20140811/sen-chris-murphy-spends-day-as-farmhand-at-freunds-farm-in-east-canaan
NA
During the first press call after I announced my campaign for U.S. Senate in Connecticut, I was asked whether or not I supported filibuster reform.  It was a hot topic at the time, and my answer was that the filibuster was a tool for exceptional circumstances, not for everyday use, and was "in dire need of reform." I share that story because there is no greater champion of filibuster reform in the Senate than Oregon's Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley.  That's one reason thousands of individuals are stepping up to contribute to Jeff's campaign today as part of a "moneybomb" supporting his re-election effort. Can I count on you to join them with a $5 contribution today?  http://www.chrismurphy.com/merkley
Mr. Potato Head showed up for the launch of the outstanding GROW! CT Food Bank/Stop and Shop mobile healthy food van in New Haven. So we took a selfie.
Jim Brady turned a tragedy into a rallying cry for commonsense gun legislation that culminated years later with the passage of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. His work has stopped millions of gun sales to people who shouldn't own a gun and has left our streets safer as a result. This bill wasn't easy to pass, and it took a long time to do it, but the benefits it produced were well worth the wait. We should be inspired by his patience as we fight to pass comprehensive anti-gun violence legislation.   Jim Brady's legacy is a reminder that other gun violence prevention measures are worth fighting for and his determination is an example of how powerful the human spirit is.
If I could write a headline for why we launched the #ACAworks campaign... http://t.co/pA669rvJ2y
This is what a 5 yr old gets his Dad for his 41st birthday. #lightsaberincluded
NA
The House Republicans are really just a theater troupe, not a governing caucus.
ICYMI: My op-ed on the cost of surveillance http://t.co/D4lbBPnbL4
Visited Norris Barbershop yesterday to talk with residents in Hartford's North End about economic development in the neighborhood
Watching coverage of the plane crash in Ukraine with sadness and concern. Let's get the truth before drawing conclusions.
The decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. represents an unprecedented power grab by five unelected men on the Supreme Court. The immediate effect of this decision is that a woman’s boss can be the one calling the shots about her health care decisions – an outrageous intrusion into a woman’s personal life that needs to be reversed. Thousands of women of all ages and backgrounds in Connecticut rely on this essential health benefit every single day and bosses shouldn’t be allowed to take it away because they find it objectionable. The Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act -which I'm proud to cosponsor - will restore this critical Affordable Care Act requirement and allow women to take back control of their health care decisions.  Sign the petition if you think we need to stand up for women's health: http://action.ctdems.org/page/s/protect-women-s-rights
In just the last month, at least six caretakers in Connecticut have been charged with leaving children unattended in a vehicle, which is a misdemeanor under Connecticut law. I'm calling on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to bring federal resources to Connecticut to help to reduce the number of these heat-related injuries and deaths. These incidents are truly heartbreaking and must be prevented. http://www.nbcconnecticut.com/news/local/Senators-Promote-Look-Before-You-Lock-Campaign-266814181.html
Had a great time at the Puerto Rican Day parade luncheon in Bridgeport yesterday!
While walking along The Preserve land with members of the Old Saybrook community a few weeks ago, it couldn’t have been more clear that this breathtaking open space needs to be protected for our future generations. This forest land is the ideal place to spend an afternoon hiking, exploring, and observing Connecticut’s natural beauty. I’ve been committed to open space protection issues since my days as a state official and I know how committed the land preservation community has been to protecting The Preserve. Last night's outcome is a huge win and I commend all those who worked hard to make it happen.  http://www.nhregister.com/general-news/20140708/old-saybrook-votes-to-save-the-preserve-for-3m
If the Senate is going to spend a week debating gun policy, it should be on reducing gun violence. Period. Stop.
NA
I am pleased that Target has announced its commitment to prioritize customer safety by asking guests not to bring firearms into Target stores. As I noted in a letter to Target’s CEO last month after a loaded gun was found in the toy aisle of a South Carolina Target store, when policies are not in place to prohibit firearms in stores, everyone is at risk. Target's announcement demonstrates a strong sense of responsibility by its management team, and follows the customer-friendly approach other companies, such as Starbucks and Chipotle, have taken to prohibit firearms in their establishments. The fight against gun violence in our communities isn’t something any one person or organization can take on alone. I applaud Target for the implementation of this policy, and encourage other retailers to follow their example.  I also want to recognize the advocates, consumers, and everyday citizens who pushed Target to ban guns in its stores. These advocates are working tirelessly to encourage Congress and private organizations to take a stand against gun violence, and I’m proud to stand with them every step of the way.
Today's Hobby Lobby decision represents an unprecedented power grab by the Supreme Court from Congress. The immediate outrageous effect is that women will now have decisions about their health care made by their bosses. The long term effect is the slow stamping out of representative democracy by five unelected men on the Supreme Court.   Justice Ginsburg is right – this is a dangerous precedent that could be used by other religiously oriented businesses that object to other critical treatments. What will a future Court decide when another company objects to vaccinations, life-saving blood transfusions, or prenatal care for unmarried women? Simply put, businesses shouldn’t be allowed to impose their religious beliefs on their employees and women should be trusted to make decisions about their health in conjunction with their doctors, not their bosses.
Hope you can join Congressman Himes and me at our town hall in Westport tonight. We want to hear your thoughts on the situation in Iraq and the Middle East https://www.facebook.com/events/296883013818691/
Looking forward to my town hall meeting with Congressman Himes at the Westport Town Hall tomorrow night. We want to hear your thoughts about the situation in Iraq and the Middle East. Hope to see you there. https://www.facebook.com/events/296883013818691/
NA
Thrilled that the Air Force decided to award Sikorsky a $1.3 billion contract to replace the aging HH-60G Pave Hawk helicopter fleet. This is the first installment of potentially $7.9 billion to purchase 112 new Combat Rescue Helicopters. Huge news for Connecticut, and something I've been proud to advocate for.  http://ctmirror.org/pentagon-awards-combat-rescue-helicopter-contract-to-sikorsky/
Short-lived climate pollutants are the problem too few people are talking about, but are doing some of the worst damage to the atmosphere. These pollutants - like methane that is leaked by landfills and oil and gas exploration, refrigerants leaking from refrigerators and air conditioners, and soot from diesel engines and millions of traditional cookstoves all over the developing world - are creating 40 percent of global warming. As we work to combat threats to our climate, we can’t leave short-lived pollutants out of the equation. The bill I announced today with Senator Susan Collins, a Republican from Maine, will take these dangerous pollutants head on by making smarter use of tools already at our disposal here in the U.S. This is a bipartisan proposal to address a global threat that we can't afford to ignore.  http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2014/06/26/3453619/senators-bipartisan-bill-climate/ 
It’s outrageous how much this country spends to lock up a single child for a non-violent offense. In Connecticut it's $134,000 per year, per kid, on average. But what’s even worse is this country’s lack of support for policies that get kids back on the right track. When we lock up a child, not only are we wasting millions of taxpayer dollars, we’re setting him or her up for failure in the long run. The system as it exists now is unfair to everyone involved and needs to be changed.   Today I introduced the Better Options for Kids Act, which supports community organizations that are doing the right thing and putting kids on the right path with smart policies that are proven to reduce youth incarceration. We need to quit being so irresponsible and facilitate better outcomes for youth.
I've travelled across Connecticut to meet with entrepreneurs and hear about their challenges in the startup business world. Over and over again I hear that one of the biggest challenges they face is accessing the capital to grow a business. That's why I introduced the Angel Tax Credit Act: a bill that would provide investors with further incentive to invest capital in startup businesses. The bill is based on Connecticut's Angel Tax Credit, which has generated millions of dollars for startups in the state by encouraging investors to support these small businesses.  We should be doing everything we can to create small business jobs in high-growth industries. These companies are the backbone of our economy and I'm proud to introduce legislation that will support their future growth.  http://www.nhregister.com/business/20140624/connecticut-sen-chris-murphy-pushes-for-angel-tax-credits
Had a great time last night at Discover CT with Senator Blumenthal. We hosted 25 Connecticut businesses on Capitol Hill for a reception to showcase what makes Connecticut the best state in the nation. People from all over the country stopped by to taste great food and drinks and visit with Connecticut companies that are making a difference in their states. Thanks to all the businesses for coming down and to all who stopped by! Beltane FarmEast Coast Shellfish Growers AssociationFoxon Park BeveragesKillam & Bassette Farmstead, LLC Mystic Aquarium & Institute for ExplorationMystic SeaportOla! FoodsNestlé WatersStew Leonard'sStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.White Oak Farm and TableBack East Brewing CompanyBroad Brook Brewing Willimantic Brewing Company Cambridge House Brew Pub of Granby Olde Burnside Brewing Thomas Hooker Brewery The Mashantucket Pequot Museum & Research Center The Mark Twain House & Museum PEZ Candy, Inc. Pepperidge Farm Palmieri Foods Tantaquidgeon Museum Marco Pizzeria
Proud that my bill to increase renewable energy production in Connecticut passed last night. Thanks to this bill, thousands of Connecticut homes and businesses will have access to clean energy, an incredibly important resource for so many in the state. I'm proud to champion this bill with Representative Esty and thank her for her leadership. Looking forward to seeing President Obama sign the bill into law soon http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Dam-bill-a-first-for-Esty-Murphy-5573870.php
Looking forward to my town hall tonight to talk about the ongoing crisis in Iraq. I want to hear your thoughts on what the United States' response should be. Hope you'll stop by the West Hartford Town Hall tonight at 6:30pm. https://m.facebook.com/events/735557869818870/?ref_newsfeed_story_type=regular
I'm hosting an open town hall meeting on Friday to hear from you about the ongoing crisis in Iraq. I want to know what your thoughts are on this situation and what you think the federal government should do next.  I hope you'll stop by to share your thoughts or ask me your questions. See you soon. https://www.facebook.com/events/735557869818870/
I’ve travelled around Connecticut and have heard from investors and entrepreneurs alike that the most important thing we can do to create new startup jobs is to make it easier for angel investors to put capital behind these nascent companies. That's why I introduced the bipartisan HALOS Act today. My bill will allow angels to more easily invest in startups at a demo day, which is one of the best opportunities these companies have to showcase their business.  The bottom line is that we should be doing everything we can to support small businesses in this country, especially those with high-growth potential. I'm proud to introduce this bill and will push for its passage.
NA
#TBT to awesome hike w the boys around Gillette Castle in East Haddam last summer.
Today I joined Senator Blumenthal, Senator Durbin, and Senator Markey to introduce the Lori Jackson Domestic Survivor Protection Act, named after Lori Jackson, a Connecticut resident who was shot and killed by her husband after obtaining a temporary restraining order against him. The bill would prevent someone with a temporary restraining order from purchasing or possessing a gun, closing a dangerous loophole in federal legislation.  Lori's death is just one tragic example of what can happen when guns get into the wrong hands at the wrong time. Sadly, Lori’s story is not unique and will be repeated over and over unless Congress acts to prevent violent abusers from getting guns at the worst possible moment.
NA
This week I visited Hartford's North End to hear from community leaders about the importance of mentorship for young people in their area. These men are leading by example and proving that fatherhood comes in many shapes and forms. #HappyFathersDay
Students from Sharon Center School stopped by this morning. Was great to see them in DC
Great to have UCONN men's and women's basketball in DC today. #BleedBlue #GoHuskies
Massive student loan debt prevents too many students from taking advantage of life-changing opportunities. Everyone should have a fair shot at college without the burden of high student loan debt. I'm looking forward to working on college affordability legislation on the floor of the Senate this week because our students can't wait any longer for relief.
Amazing to walk through streets of Kiev with Vice President Biden to Poroshenko inaugural.
Great morning in the office during our #ctcoffee. Thanks to all who stopped by
"Born in the USA" is 30 today. I was 10 when it was released, and I wore that cassette out, listening over and over and over.
I'm hosting a #CTCoffee with Senator Blumenthal at 830am tomorrow in my DC office. Send me a message if you can make it. Hope to see you there!
Excited to host #CTCoffee with Senator Blumenthal on Thursday in DC. Join us if you're in town at 8:30am in my office for coffee & conversation
Calling for action on college affordability with State Reps McGee, Flexer, Willis and Senator Blumenthal. College costs and student loan debt must be lowered to give young people a fair shot and the economic mobility they deserve.
Honored to join Fairfield students who have chosen to serve in the military. Thank you for your service and bravery
Joined by Senator Blumenthal and Metro North advocates to call for return of Waterbury- Stamford line. Jobs depend on it
What an honor, to live in a country where so many chose to sacrifice so much for the nation they loved. #MemorialDay
Great to be on with Chaz and AJ this morning. Thanks for having me on the show
Throwback Thursday: when my son was sworn into the U.S. Senate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS9YGwU-TvE
Today I joined my colleagues to call on the Department of Education to make sure its new rules crack down on career education programs that breed student debt without actually preparing them for a career. Students must come first.
Awesome selfie by Waterbury's Rick Mastracchio. Yesterday, Rick returned to Earth after his 6 month journey in space. Welcome home! You make Connecticut so proud http://wnpr.org/post/rick-mastracchio-ends-six-month-journey-space
Looking forward to my Google hangout at 4:30pm today. Post your questions in a comment below & I'll answer them live.  Tune in here https://plus.google.com/events/cm3tj16te5sv618ccjq03af0ncc
What Mom loans her car to her 18 year old son and friend to drive to Alaska and back? Mine. Happy Mothers Day!
Yesterday it was announced that a new fleet of Presidential helicopters will be made at Sikorsky. For decades, their iconic white top helicopters have served the President as Marine One, and this new fleet will continue to make Connecticut proud. I couldn't be more thrilled for the Sikorsky team - I'll continue fighting for you. http://www.nhregister.com/business/20140507/sikorsky-lands-marine-one-contract
NA
Joined Rep. Xavier Becerra, Rep. Diana DeGette, Rep. Donna Edwards, Rep. Matt Cartwright yesterday to send a message to House GOP: #ACAworks. Stop political repeal game. Their obsession with stripping health benefits from Americans is dangerous for families and it has to stop.
Today I met with Masha Alekhina and Nadya Tolokonnikova of Pussy Riot in the Capitol. I stand with them in calling for basic, necessary freedoms in Russia
Visited Electric Boat today to celebrate the new VA class sub contract. This contract will allow the best team in the country to build 10 new attack subs.
Honored to join Blue Star Mothers in Stratford yesterday. These moms are heroes for all they do to support their sons and daughters serving our nation
Was proud to celebrate the groundbreaking of the U.S. Coast Guard Museum in New London. CT is stronger bc of the Coast Guard's contributions to our state
Congratulations to Loyola Development on breaking ground today in Waterbury - what a great community effort. I'm proud to be a longtime supporter of this affordable housing project.
Thanks to the hard work and leadership of our Secretary of State, Denise Merrill, Connecticut has same day registration, online registration, and she's championed legislation to get a constitutional amendment allowing early voting on the ballot this year. That's why Republicans are so focused on defeating her this November. Help her qualify for public financing with a $5 contribution today:  http://www.chrismurphy.com/denise
Check out all the federal, state, and community agencies that will be at my Government Helps Expo, TOMORROW from 10am-1pm at the MG Maurice Rose Center in Middletown. Stop by if you need their, or my, help with any issues you're facing.  FEDERAL: Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) CT Passport Agency Department of Labor Employee Benefits Security Administration Department of Veterans Affairs – Hartford Regional Office Fannie Mae Hartford Vet Center HUD IRS Taxpayer Advocate Office Sallie Mae SBA Social Security Administration US Army Corps of Engineers US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) VA Connecticut Health Care System    STATE: Attorney General Board of Paroles and Pardons Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities (CHRO) CT Department of Housing CT Housing Finance Authority (CHFA) CT Department of Aging DMHAS DDS DECD DMV DSS Department of Veterans Affairs Military Department Office of Higher Education Office of Protection & Advocacy for Persons with Disabilities Office of the Child Advocate Office of the Health Care Advocate Office of the Victim Advocate Secretary of the State CT Department of Insurance – Consumer Affairs Division   COMMUNITY: 2-1-1 Infoline AARP American Legion Community Health Center: New Horizons Program CRT CT Fair Housing Center CT Food Bank FoodShare CT Veterans Legal Center HEDCO, Inc. International Institute of CT Senior Resources Agency on Aging Statewide Legal Services of CT VFW
Join me and my staff on Wednesday April 16th for my "Government Helps Expo". We're holding this event to help you get the assistance you need with government agencies, like the VA or Social Security Administration, but also to allow you to meet me and my staff in case you ever need our help in the future. Hope you can make it  Senator Murphy's Government Helps Expo April 16, 2014 10am-1pm  MG Maurice Rose Armed Forces Center Assembly Hall 375 Smith Street Middletown, CT
Shameful that Senate GOP blocked the Paycheck Fairness Act today. Women deserve equal pay for equal work.
In Connecticut, all we do is win championships. Go Huskies! #bleedblue
Today’s vote to #RenewUI is a step in the right direction for the millions of Americans left in the lurch and scrambling to make ends meet as their unemployment insurance has dried up while they continue to search for a job. But while those families can breathe a little easier today, I’m appalled that it took this long to get here.    Federal support for unemployment insurance has been a lifeline for millions of Americans who have been laid off through no fault of their own, and the longer they’ve gone without it, the worse off they’ve become. Extending these benefits isn’t just the right thing to do—it’s also the smart thing to do for our economy. Every dollar that we put into unemployment insurance returns nearly double that for the economy. It took far too long for Republicans in the Senate to remember the men and women they represent who have worked hard all their lives and are desperate to get back to work. I hope Republicans in the House will do the right thing and pass this bill too.
Great news that Medicare.gov is now processing enrollments for same-sex marriages. More info here: http://medicare.gov/sign-up-change-plans/same-sex-marriage.html
By striking down McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission today, the Supreme Court has struck another blow to American democracy with this sequel to Citizens United. By a narrow ideological margin, this court has effectively said that if you’ve got the money, elections are for sale. We should be increasing the ability of Americans’ voices to be heard, not drowning them out by allowing more big money to pour into campaigns. Both of these Supreme Court decisions should be wiped off the books.
NA
People can see that the #ACAworks. Today I'm applauding the fact that 7.1 million people signed up for private health coverage through the Affordable Care Act. And thanks to the hard work and dedication of AccessHealthCT, community health centers & others, 197k+ people in CT signed up for coverage.
Looking forward to my Google Hangout at 4:30 to talk about how #ACAworks for young ppl & affordable higher education. Tune in https://plus.google.com/events/c1v0msdrmf9h211r3q7ehljg9n4#events/c1v0msdrmf9h211r3q7ehljg9n4
For too long, thousands of people across the country faced the nightmare of being unable to get health care coverage or treatment when they had the misfortune of getting sick. But thanks to the Affordable Care Act, that nightmare is over. Thanks to the law, if you are diagnosed with a serious illness like cancer, an insurance company can’t drop you from your plan or deny coverage in the future. You’re also able to catch an illness and treat it more quickly thanks to provisions in the law that make preventive care free.   No one should be denied coverage or treatment just because they are sick. Republicans should stop throwing their weight behind efforts to repeal these life-saving protections and instead work with Democrats to improve the law.
Today I applaud the anti-gun violence advocates who pushed Facebook and Instagram to implement better, safer policies. These advocates are fighting tooth and nail to encourage Congress and private organizations to take a stand against gun violence. I'm proud to stand with you every step of the way.  http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-blumenthal-statement-on-changes-to-facebook-and-instagram-policies-to-curb-gun-sales
NA
Check out my latest "CT in the Capitol" video. Looking at CT connections in the Old Supreme Court Chamber  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryXfFqpqcjA
My statement on the formation of a new government in #Ukraine: 
Good luck to CT's Max Pacioretty, Jonathan Quick, Kevin Shattenkirk and all of Team USA hockey today! #usa
My statement with Senator McCain urging targeted sanctions against persons responsible for the violence in Ukraine:
Share my petition if you agree that the Senate should give negotiations with Iran the opportunity to succeed before voting on any additional sanctions or other efforts that would undermine diplomacy. Add your name to my petition.  http://pac.petitions.moveon.org/sign/the-us-senate-should
NA
NA
Good luck to Connecticut's eight Olympians! #Sochi2014 #USA
American families now owe more in student loans than in credit card debt. I know — my wife and I are still paying back our college loans. That’s why I’ve joined with Senators Brian Schatz, Patty Murray, and Bernie Sanders to introduce a bill to change that. It’s called the College Affordability and Innovation Act. I hope you’ll learn more about it and join the campaign to pass it.
Powerful message from Hadiya Pendelton's parents on why Congress cant move on to the next “it” cause: 
Over the past decade, families in Connecticut have seen the cost of the things they need increase faster than their wages. The cost of a college education has soared to prohibitively high levels, preventing countless prospective students from obtaining a degree, and the opportunities they deserve.   I’ve heard from students and educators all across Connecticut and the message is clear: we need college administrators to wake up every day thinking about how they’re going to bring down the cost of college for student. Today I introduced the College Affordability and Innovation Act of 2014 to incentivize schools to create new, innovative programs to bring down the cost of college while improving the quality of a degree, and set new standards for schools that receive federal funding so that they’re more accountable to students and the taxpayer. Reducing the cost of college needs to be a top priority as we work together to increase economic opportunities for all Americans.  I hope you'll tune in to my Google Hangout at 4pm today to discuss the bill, and ask me any questions you have about higher education, or anything else that's on your mind. Post your questions below, and tune in here at 4pm: https://plus.google.com/b/108483156976116798423/events/c1d248soacsrlob834f3qqo4egs
New video on what's happening this week in the Senate. Check it out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uicu_wU4kY&feature=youtu.be
Met with students and teachers at Asnuntuck Community College yesterday to get input for my manufacturing compact and discuss job training in Connecticut.
Yesterday I visited Willimantic to release a new report on the impact of the minimum wage on Connecticut's middle class. I was joined by Brianna, a minimum wage worker in the area who described her struggles to get by on the amount she makes. 
 
 Plain and simple: Raising the federal minimum wage will create jobs. Click here to read the report and learn how: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/minimum-wage
NA
Shoutout to Ralph Lauren for making good on a promise to make Team USA's opening ceremony uniforms in the USA. 
So cold today, it felt like I was out tapping the maple trees myself for my Pancakes&Politics breakfast in Glastonbury
Rode the bus in Waterbury today to hear what's on people's minds. Number one topic: need for more jobs
At Middletown High School this morning to go over my proposal to lower the cost of college through innovation and accountability
NA
Check out our new Connecticut in the Capitol video, featuring founding father Roger Sherman:
Today I’m releasing the first video in my new “Connecticut in the Capitol” series”: a series of YouTube videos that highlight Connecticut’s historical connections to a variety of places and objects throughout the United States Capitol. Connecticut has had a huge impact on the architecture, art, and structure of this place, and I hope these videos will help illustrate that even if you can’t make it down to Washington in person.   I’m so proud to represent a state that has made such a powerful mark on our nation’s capital, and I hope you'll enjoy this video series. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx9Lm_z-vMM
Joined Santa on his early visit to Connecticut Children's!
NA
Hosting Google Hangout at 3pm today to discuss the budget that passed yesterday. Post questions for me to answer live in a comment below. You can tune in on the event page here: http://bit.ly/1cCJskV 
 
 See you at 3pm.
Glad Russia decided to free Norwalk's Peter Willcox and Greenpeace Arctic30. Look forward to their safe arrival this holiday season.
I'm honored to be named a First Focus Defender of Children this year. I will continue to be an advocate for kids of all backgrounds on all issues.
Budget deal far from perfect but that's why they call it a compromise. Glad it starts to roll back sequester.   My view here: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-statement-on-the-bipartisan-budget-act-of-2013
NA
Good news from the US Department of Education: an ambitious plan to promote higher education innovation that lowers costs, improves quality, and reduces the time for a degree. I’ll introduce new legislation next week that promotes the same goals and expands on these ideas.
The world lost a visionary leader today. We will miss Nelson Mandela.
NA
NA
NA
NA
My amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act requires the Department of Defense to prioritize US jobs when awarding manufacturing contracts. 
 
 http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-files-american-jobs-matter-act-as-amendment-to-ndaa-urges-action-to-keep-manufacturing-jobs-in-united-states
NA
DoD finally ends contract for Russian helicopters. US tax dollars should be used to buy American choppers http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-blumenthal-delauro-applaud-pentagon-decision-to-end-russian-helicopter-contract …
Joined my colleagues and this little guy to intro a bill to expand access to early education today. Countless studies have shown what parents already know: that the early years are critical for a child's development and success in the long run. This bill invests in essential early childhood education for children across the country, regardless of where they live or how much money their parents make. I'm confident that the investments our bill makes will not only greatly improve a child's quality of life in the early years, but will also set them up for educational success as they get older
 
 You can read more about this bill here: http://1.usa.gov/HRgXYB
To donate $10 to the Philippines Typhoon Disaster Relief Fund from the U.S., text AID to 80108
NA
Great news: 1 million vets and their families have received education benefits since our Post-9/11 GI bill passed in 2009. http://1.usa.gov/HLvsxy
We need to know exactly how the IOC will safeguard human rights in Sochi. It shouldnt be “fully satisfied” with anti-LGBT Russian law. My letter to the President of the IOC:  1.usa.gov/HFu4My
NA
Hosting a Google hangout at 5:15pm on the ACA & need to pass ENDA. Post your questions below and I'll answer as many as I can live at 5:15pm. Tune in here: http://bit.ly/HAtyPI
Connecticut has shown that the Employee Non-Discrimination Act, also known as ENDA, works. Connecticut has been a test case for these protections for sexual orientation and gender identity. The parade of horrible consequences that opponents of ENDA say will happen just have not happened in Connecticut. And what we're doing here really is pretty simple. We're not trampling on the first amendment. We're not dictating morality. We're not harming the economy. We're not undermining the religious community. We're just saying that you can't discriminate against people in the workplace because of who they choose to love or who they are inside.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0t2gq0GCag&feature=c4-overview&list=UUbcEa40PIFpLpdDe06n3F3Q
BOP heard our concerns and changed course on Danbury Prison http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/senators-announce-changes-to-fci-danbury-transfer …
NA
My thoughts are with those in Los Angeles affected by today's shooting. Absolutely awful news.
Had the opportunity to hear from Starwood employees in Stamford this afternoon. Great discussion
Today, releasing a new report on the high cost of childcare in CT. Congresswoman DeLauro and I will be introducing a bill to double the pre-tax benefit for childcare
Join me and Senator Richard Blumenthal for coffee in DC tmrw at 9am in 724 Hart Senate Office Building. Costumes welcome.
On day 1 of budget conference, I’m urging members to come together to fix reckless cuts in the sequester. My statement: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/murphy-calls-on-budget-conferees-to-replace-job-killing-sequester
Standing with families of victims, survivors, and my colleagues to demand action on gun violence legislation. Now.
Proud to launch Manufacturing Jobs For America initiative today to call on Washington to support manufacturers, government to Buy American
One year ago today Superstorm Sandy hit Connecticut. My statement on the anniversary of this natural disaster: http://1.usa.gov/16jEXMP
I've joined with Senators Coons, Gillibrand, Donnelly, Pryor and others in a national effort to re-focus the conversation on breaking through the gridlock and creating manufacturing jobs here at home. Will you add your name to ours? 
 
 http://www.chrismurphy.com/manufacturing
NA
Stopped off at Salsa while meeting w local small business owners in New Milford
Hearing that one of the best things abt AccessHealthCT is the strong support team. These ppl just signed up in Hartford
Great input today from ECSU students on my college affordability bill. Good ideas here about incentivizing colleges to be more innovative
Looking forward to hearing from people in Middletown tonight at my town hall meeting.  We'll start at 7pm at Common Councils Chamber (245 DeKoven Drive, Middletown CT)
In New London earlier today  to discuss LIHEAP funding. Thousands of CT families rely on it - must be preserved in budget talks.
Awesome pizza at Rena's Pizza in Preston
NA
Stopped by Manchester Community College today to hear from students about cost of college. Working on bill to reduce those costs
This morning in Manchester with Head Start kids. Replacing sequester in budget conference will help keep this program running.
My statement on the agreement to reopen the government and avoid default http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346884
Spoke on the Senate floor today about how this shutdown is hitting families in CT http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q7P7qftmOg
In Connecticut, thousands of federal workers are being furloughed because of the shutdown. Tens of thousands more private sector workers who rely on those federal jobs are impacted as well. The continuing government shutdown is a not a game. This is people's jobs -- it's real life. If you've been impacted, share your story at http://www.chrismurphy.com/shutdown
Connecticut's health care marketplace is open! Like and share to spread the word. www.accesshealthct.com #getcovered
NA
Hosting a Google hangout at 4pm to talk govt shutdown & impact on CT. Post your questions below for me to answer live during the event. Tune in http://bit.ly/1dSbnA9
UN report confirms planet warming at highest level in last decade & that man-made pollution is main cause.    http://www.cnn.com/2013/09/27/world/climate-change-5-things/?hpt=hp_t1
If we want to pass legislation that will keep our communities safer and save lives, we're going to have to build a political movement that lasts years and decades. And that starts with you. Like and share if you believe it's time for Congress to take action on legislation to reduce gun violence.
Glad the Administration signed the International Arms Trade Treaty this morning to stem tide of illegal guns worldwide. Next, Senate should ratify without delay. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345803
I take no joy in watching this week's GOP death spiral. So sad that a fringe ideology commands so much power in DC.
NA
If you live near New Canaan or Ridgefield and need help with a federal agency, visit with my staff today during mobile office hours.  10am-12pm at New Canaan Public Library 1pm-3:30pm at Ridgefield Town Hall   Stop by if you can!
Had a great start to the day serving up some pancakes and catching up with folks in Orange for my Pancakes and Politics breakfast.
Met with law enforcement, victims' families and colleagues in Bridgeport today on urgent need for meaningful action to reduce gun violence.
Holding a town hall meeting tomorrow at 12pm at Farmington High School. Will talk with folks about need for Congress to pass critical budget legislation next week. Hope to see you there.
Tomorrow my office will be at Military Service Academy Day to talk with students interested in applying. Event will take place between 9am-12pm at MG Maurice Rose Armed Forces Reserve Center in Middletown.
In case you missed it, yesterday the House GOP voted on a bill to gut funding for SNAP and kick about 4 million Americans off of the program.   Less than 24 hours later, it votes to strip health care funding for American families.   Unbelievable.
Over 8,200 people killed since 12/14. Many of their families are here this week to call for action. We're all wondering it will take until there are no more names.
Today I joined family members of gun violence victims from around Connecticut and across the country to mark 9 months since 26 lives were lost in Newtown. Over 8,200 people have been killed by guns since then. Enough is enough.     LIKE and SHARE if you agree.
Great to catch up with CT folks in DC this morning for coffee. Thanks to all who stopped by the office.
If you live near Clinton or East Haven and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours:  10am-12pm at Henry Carter Hull Library in Clinton  1:30pm-4pm at Hagaman Memorial Library in East Haven  All are welcome to stop by
Calling all Nutmeggers in DC: join me and Senator Blumenthal for coffee tmrw from 8am-9am. RSVP to zach_dendas@murphy.senate.gov
Google hangout coming up at 4pm. Monte Frank will join me to talk about next steps on anti-gun violence legislation. Tune in http://bit.ly/15AjfUL
Hosting Google hangout at 4pm. @MonteFrank1 will join me to talk next steps on anti-gun violence legislation. Leave your questions on this issue - or anything else you'd like to discuss- in a comment below.  Tune in here at 4pm http://bit.ly/15AjfUL
More than 8,200 people have been killed by guns since Dec 14. Now we have 12 more innocents gone. Congress, enough is enough.
Holding my breath for those at the Navy Yard, praying for the victims and their families on this awful day in DC.
NA
Great to see first responders at their picnic in Danbury to thank them for their hard work in keeping us safe
Anti-corruption activist Alexei Navalny exceeds expectations in Moscow elections and independent monitors say recount is needed. I agree.
Great news: Student arrests dropping in CT as schools handle more offenses without police intervention and keep kids in schools where they belong. http://bit.ly/1aEPA0Z
My thoughts are with those who lost loved ones 12 years ago and the heroes who risked their lives that day and after to protect our country. #neverforget
My statement on my vote against authorization of military force in Syria: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqp0fHzA-yc
NA
If you live near Bethel, Connecticut and need help with a federal agency, visit with my staff today during mobile office hours from 10am-12pm at Hurgin Municipal Center. And if you live near New Fairfield, Connecticut, my staff will be at New Fairfield Library today from 1pm-3pm for office hrs. All are welcome to stop by.
ICYMI: I was on Meet the Press on Sunday, talking about the debate in the Senate on military intervention in Syria. Take a look http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0iZw7P-h0E
NA
NA
Yesterday I had the opportunity to meet with entrepreneurs and supporters of the startup community in Connecticut. The value of small businesses and startups to Connecticut's economy cannot be understated. Startups generally create about 3 million jobs across the country each year, and help current businesses and organizations grow. Was great to meet with them in advance of Startup Across America Day
I’ll be on HuffPost Live at 5:15pm to discuss my concerns about US military intervention in Syria. Tune in live here http://huff.lv/1ck6HSF
Since the Administration first announced that it is considering U.S. military intervention in Syria, I've made very clear that I have deep reservations about the wisdom of American involvement.
Fifty years ago, Dr. King and thousands more made history, peacefully demanding true equality. We must never forget their hard work and sacrifice.  What are your memories or reflections of this historic day?
Sequester cuts to NIH means vital research at universities like UConn will be put on hold, good jobs will be cut
If you live near North Haven and need help w a federal agency, visit with my staff today during mobile office hrs, 10am-12pm at Memorial Library. And if you live near Middletown, my casework staff will be at the Russell Library from 1pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by
Stopped by Assa Abloy in New Haven today. Love that these state-of-the-art security locks are manufactured right here in CT
Gateway Community College, New Haven is supporting vets by implementing the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and U.S. Department of Education 8 Keys to Success. Visited today to hear how it's going
Great Pancakes & Politics in Fairfield. Caught up w Police Explorers, brave students who want to join the force someday
Westport this afternoon. https://vine.co/v/hiA2pjKw22U
NA
To make college affordable, the focus must shift from short-term fixes to reducing overall cost. LIKE and SHARE if you agree.  My full statement on the President's proposal: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345580
If you live near Canton and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff at the Canton Community Center today from 1pm-4pm for mobile office hours. All are welcome to stop by!
A video message for Westport Little League at the Little League World Series
Saying hello to a woman during Congress on Your Corner whose door I knocked on in my 98 State Rep race.
On the 47 bus from Wethersfield up through Hartford to hear what's on people's minds this morning. #congressonyourbus
Visited manufacturers at Hubbell Inc today in Shelton. Great products and jobs here show why we need to #BuyAmerican
Met with groups in Meriden about effect sequester is having on operations. Need to reverse this policy to prevent more damage
NA
Huge news out of the Pentagon today. Proud of Secretary Hagel for taking this step. #equality
NA
Two of America's preeminent legal ethics scholars make the case for the Supreme Court Ethics Act:
President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law 48 years ago, and today we still have work to do: http://www.votingrightsmatter.com/  #votingrightsmatter
Today I joined Senator Blumenthal, police & advocates to announce a new bill to help reduce gun deaths in domestic violence situations
NA
Visiting the drop-in homeless center in Bridgeport this morning. It's a critical resource in the community here
Today, I announced the Supreme Court Ethics Act of 2013 with Congresswoman Slaughter, Senator Blumenthal, and Senator Whitehouse. SCOTUS should adopt the same code of ethics that every other federal judge lives by.
This morning I had breakfast at Fort Belvoir with Jon and Melissa Meadows as Jon rehabs from injuries from Afghanistan. Jon is from Quaker Hill, CT, a true hero. His TBI from Afghanistan is worse bc of previous TBI from Iraq. One of 1000s wounded warriors. Jon was a "rabbit": drove the truck out front of convoys, looking for IEDs and ambushes. It's hard to imagine all he's been through. It was an honor and a privilege to meet him today and thank him for his service.
Voted this morning to pass the Workforce Investment Act out of committee. Glad it improves Job Corps too http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345452
At 4pm I'm hosting a panel discussion on juvenile justice reform. You can watch it live here: https://plus.google.com/b/108483156976116798423/events/c9bu6i2rchofrn8irr6dpplombs
Spoke on the Senate floor last night, as I do most weeks, to help tell the stories of the victims of gun violence. We've seen approximately 6,633 gun deaths in this country since December 14th. This place needs to wake up to the fact that we do have responsibility to act. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aBY6sm9Za0
Proud to see Connecticut's own James Comey confirmed as our next FBI Director. I don't see eye to eye with him on everything, but he's the right person for the job
Hosting a Google Hangout tonight at 6:30. Leave your questions here as a comment, or email info_murphy@murphy.senate.gov to ask them live on the Hangout. Livestream link for tonight is below - hope you can tune in! https://plus.google.com/b/108483156976116798423/events/cmu3p8ehg0t3oohioh56vuuntjc
My letter to Senators Baucus and Hatch outlining important priorities for tax reform: http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345424
NA
Little Madision Juzba dropped off this picture she colored for me today. A perk of being a Senator, I guess!
ICYMI: My column in Roll Call on the importance of the UN Arms Trade Treaty http://www.rollcall.com/news/send_the_arms_trade_treaty_to_the_senate_commentary-226498-1.html
At a HELP committee hearing for National Labor Relations Board nominees Kent Hirozawa & Nancy Schiffer. Both should be confirmed w/out delay
Great visit with Secretary Foxx today. We discussed the value of improving rail service to job growth. Thanks for making CT your first trip!
With Senator Blumenthal and people from all walks of life who want action on climate change. Inaction isn't an option.
Today I announced legislation to posthumously award Navy Chaplain Lieutenant Thomas M. Conway of Waterbury with the Navy Cross, America’s second highest military decoration for valor. His story is one of the most heroic I’ve ever come across.
 
 Father Conway, who grew up on Cooke Street in Waterbury, was a chaplain aboard the USS Medusa and the USS Indianapolis during the Second World War. On July 30, 1945, Father Conway was aboard the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine. Of the 1,196 crew aboard, approximately 300 were killed in the attack and subsequent sinking of the ship. 
 
 Father Conway was among the roughly 900 sailors left in the water facing shark attacks, dehydration, and exposure. For three straight days, Father Conway swam back and forth among crew members, helping individual sailors who drifted away to rejoin their comrades, organizing prayer groups, and urging the increasingly dehydrated and delirious men not to give up hope of rescue. He died on the third night, August 2, 1945, shortly before Navy pilots spotted the survivors. Just 316 men survived, making the sinking of the USS Indianapolis the single greatest loss of life at sea in the history of the United States Navy.
 
 Father Conway was a hero who reminds us that we should never give up, never stop helping others no matter what challenges we face. He’s a true inspiration and made our country proud throughout his service.
Great early morning crowd for Pancakes and Politics in Enfield
I am deeply disappointed and disturbed by today’s conviction of Alexei Navalny.  As the Kremlin itself made clear, the charges against him were politically motivated, and this ruling makes the world wonder whether Russia is more committed to attacks on political dissidence than it is to the rule of law. Unfortunately, this is only the latest in a string of high profile cases pursued against those who challenge the ruling authorities. Navalny should be released immediately and allowed to continue his campaign for Mayor of Moscow.
Electric Boat makes the world’s best submarines, but foreign counterfeit parts put them at risk. My letter to Secretary Hagel on #BuyAmerican http://1.usa.gov/16Lw9eS
Headed to the Senate floor now to talk about why we need Gina McCarthy at the helm of the EPA. Tune in:
Senator Schumer and I are calling on the U.S. Department of Transportation to launch an investigation into whether Saudi Airlines is violating federal discrimination laws by prohibiting Israelis from flying on their airline out of U.S. airports
If you live near Shelton and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours, 9am-12pm at Shelton City Hall. And if you live near Fairfield, my casework staff will be at the Fairfield Public Library tomorrow from 1pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by.
In Brooklyn, CT -- one of the most scenic town centers in the state
At Export Expo & Forum, connecting CT business leaders with trade reps from Europe so we can export more and grow CT jobs
Pat Moores' mother passed away while waiting for VA benefits due to the VA backlog. Our vets and their spouses deserve better
Checking out Gov. Trumbull's War Office in Lebanon.
NA
A new low (didn't think was possible): House GOP moves to eliminate every cent for food stamps from Farm Bill.
Disgusting: modeling shooting targets on gun safety advocates, many of whom have lost loved ones or are gunshot survivors themselves 1.usa.gov/12ms1Er
Discrimination in the workplace is civil rights issue, plain & simple. HELP passage of ENDA is step in right direction http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345295
NA
CT students: Join me (@ChrisMurphyCT) and @SenateDems on Twitter at 3pm to discuss how to keep student loan interest rates low. We'll be using #DontDoubleMyRate. See you there
First order of business for Congress this week: pass S. 1238 to keep student loan rates at 3.4%. LIKE and SHARE if you agree.
NA
At Middlesex Community College to discuss the impact of the student loan rate hike with Senator Blumenthal, Congressman Joe Courtney & Mayor Dan Drew. Congress needs to stop playing games and pass legislation to lower Stafford loan rates.
My statement on the latest in the run-up to trade talks between the US and the EU:
With State Senator Duff at the Norwalk Stop and Shop to hear what's on people's minds.
With state & local leaders, LGBT leaders & allies for a victory party for end of #DOMA at Tisane. #equality
NA
Lunch today in New Britain w Polish-American leaders. Talked immigration reform & got some great new ideas for Senate Poland Caucus
Most people assume that the US government already considers American jobs when we hand over our defense dollars to contractors. Well, they don't, but they should. 
 
 That’s why I introduced the American Jobs Matter Act.
 
 My bill will require the Department of Defense, for the first time, to measure domestic employment as a factor in rewarding a contract. That way, American firms will be rewarded for creating and retaining American jobs. It’s a simple proposal, but a necessary one. LIKE and SHARE if you agree.
Percent of business owners in CT who are immigrants: 19%.  Annual business income generated: $2.05 billion. Immigration reform: Priceless.   Proud to have voted for immigration reform, thrilled it just passed in the Senate. I can only hope that the House of Representatives will realize that they need to step up as well and take action that mirrors this bipartisan bill.  #timeisnow
Congrats to the 7 Connecticut winners of the EPA Environmental Merit Award. Role models for environmental stewardship:
It has often been said that the arc of moral history bends only toward justice, and today, the Supreme Court proved this axiom to be true. The right to marry the person you love should not be denied to anyone based on their sexual orientation, because in the end, all that should matter is the love you have for the person standing on altar beside you. I have been part of this movement from the very beginning of my public service, signing up as one of the original ten cosponsors of Connecticut's civil union legislation.  Today, I get shivers looking at how far this nation has come in under two decades.  The majority of Americans now support marriage equality, and most members of the Senate, on both sides of the aisle, have pledged their support as well. I’m thrilled that the Supreme Court today ruled in favor of common sense and equality, allowing same-sex couples to take advantage of federal benefits that should have been theirs all along. Plain and simple, this is a day that makes me proud to be in public service.
If you live near Plainville, my casework staff will be at the Plainville Library from 2pm-5pm today. All are welcome to stop by.
If you live near Simsbury and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff today during mobile office hours, 9:30-12:30 at the Simsbury Public Library.
Great stops in Canaan, Norfolk, Colebrook, Winsted, Falls Village and Salisbury this weekend.
Great commitment by the President on climate change, especially on the new EPA greenhouse gas cuts and reducing overseas super-pollutant emissions. LIKE and SHARE if you agree.
Visited the National Transportation Safety Board yesterday with Senator Blumenthal to check out the investigation it’s doing into the Bridgeport train crash last month. This video explains it all https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdleI2ZWL4Q
Great to have Ct students on Google hangout. Lots of different points of view, great discussion live here now: http://youtu.be/Dtm_nanuqxU #AskMurphy
My Google Hangout starts at 6:30pm tonight. Link to watch live is here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dtm_nanuqxU&feature=youtu.be
Introduced amendment to #CIR that protects immigrant children frm abuse in detention facilities My speech on the amdt http://1.usa.gov/12lxExF
At 12:20 I'll speak on the Senate floor about my amendment to the immigration bill. It will protect immigrant minors from abuse. Tune in here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Hosting Google Hangout tonight at 6:30pm. If youre on Google+ and want to join me live to ask a question email Info_Murphy@murphy.senate.gov
Yesterday on Daily Rundown, I talked about the rush to arm the Syrian opposition. Take a look: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1BKAr1z0kM&feature=c4-overview&list=UUbcEa40PIFpLpdDe06n3F3Q
"The 5K Motion," a 30 minute film about the role of girls and women in violent crime, will debut tonight at The Klein Auditorium in Bridgeport at 6:30 p.m., beginning with a showing of the film, followed by a discussion with women sharing their real life experiences. I highly encourage all in the area to attend – we have to break the cycle of violent crime. Thank you to the brave women who will be sharing their stories and taking the first step to break this cycle. http://www.greenwichtime.com/local/article/Film-explores-girls-and-women-s-role-in-gun-4609528.php#photo-4805755
Just intro'd bill w Senator Tom Udall, Senator Rand Paul, and Senator Mike Lee to block military funds for Syrian opposition groups http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=344133
My speech on the floor of the Senate today on our intervention in Syria. At the very least, our nation's role in Syria deserves a full debate in Congress before America commits itself to a course of action with such potentially huge consequences for our national interests http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRkI2YRBpWA
I’ll be on the floor of the Senate around 12:15 to discuss the rush to arm Syrian opposition groups. Watch live here http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Joined Chris Hayes on MSNBC to urge restraint on arming the Syrian opposition. Take a look http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJe7FxACg3Q
The question on Syria, that we didn't properly ask and answer in Iraq/Afghanistan - what is our endgame and how do we get there?
Ryan Crocker is one of our most respected, battle-worn diplomats.  On Syria, we should listen to him. http://www.npr.org/2013/05/20/185596314/former-u-s-ambassador-dont-go-into-blind-to-syria
Marking 6 months since the Newtown tragedy w Senator Blumenthal in Hartford by talking about need to pass common sense gun reform
Great visit to Cigna in Bloomfield this morning. Employing 4000 Nutmeggers.
My statement on U.S. military assistance to opposition groups in Syria:
Standing with Newtown families & my colleagues to deliver a message to those blocking gun reform: we are not going away
Made my maiden voyage to the Pentagon today to speak with Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus about the importance of subs and Sub Base New London.
HELP Committee passed (22-0) my amendment to the education bill today to allow federal funds for Sandy Hook School project.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGOlk7jRExo
Join me at 6:45pm for a Google Hangout -- watch live here:
Spent the morning in Milford, Norwalk, Darien and Greenwich. Had a chance to catch up with some old friends (I'm looking at you, Chaz and AJ), and meet with folks about housing issues and the impact of the sequester on kids in Head Start.
Hosting Google Hangout tomorrow at 6:45pm. If you're on Google+ and want to join me live to ask a question, email Info_Murphy@murphy.senate.gov  And if you can't join me live, you can always tweet your questions with #AskMurphy or leave your questions in a comment below. See you tmrw at 6:45pm
Met Dr. Stephen Moran at the Mission of Mercy free dental clinic in Bport. 900+ people received care they need today
Checking out future plans for the Stratford Army Engine Plant facility with Mayor Harkins. Stopping by as part of my 169 in 169 tour
Stopped in New Canaan on my 169 in 169 tour - got to check out the town's first drug store w the historical society
I think more cars in Connecticut should sport the new Red Sox plates anyway, but don't forget they help a great cause too:
If you live near Oakdale and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff today for office hours until 12:30pm at Raymond Library. And if you live near Groton, my casework staff will be at the Groton Public Library from 1:30pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by
My staff volunteers w Everybody Wins!DC each week, a few of the kids stopped by the office today. So great to see them!
Honored to be named Legislator of the Year along w Senator Blumenthal by Mental Health America bit.ly/14gT97V
Proud to welcome Polish Foreign Minister Sikorski to the Senate today on behalf of CT's Polish American community. Great to announce the launch of the US Senate Poland Caucus with him there http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342982
Turkey must allow peaceful demonstrations and freedom of speech by the Turkish people. The rights to assemble peacefully and speak freely are pillars of an open, modern democracy. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342976
Bad news, folks: I'm stuck in the airport waiting for a flight, so we're rescheduling tonight's Google Hangout. Stay tuned.
There are currently more international regulations for the cross-border sale of armchairs than firearms. President Obama should sign it and the Senate should ratify it without delay. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=342969
Next Google Hangout tonight at 6:15pm. If you're on Google+ and want to join me live to ask a question, email Info_Murphy@murphy.senate.gov. If you can't join me live, you can always tweet your questions with #AskMurphy. See you tonight at 6:15pm
Great day today in Southeastern CT. Focused a lot of the day on visits with farmers and businesses who will be impacted by the Farm Bill, which is being considered by the U.S. Senate right now.
Behind the scenes before speaking at Naugatuck Valley Community College's grad ceremony in Waterbury. Congrats graduates!
Was at the Capitol today to kick-off the Puerto Rican parade. One of the most fun events the city hosts each year
Great discussion with the MetroHartford Alliance this morning re healthcare, immigration, transportation, and other issues important to this business community
Learning the history of Prospect from CT's longest serving mayor to kick off my #169in169 Tour
In Stamford to hear about federal priorities for the city. Very cool to check out NBC Sports too
We owe it to the people who ride the rails every day to invest in the system and to make sure disasters don't happen
Checking out the construction site for the new arts center in West Haven
Hosted my second Politics and Pancakes breakfast this morning in West Haven, and honored some young students for their public service
If you live near Watertown and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours from 10am-12:30pm at the Watertown Town Hall Annex. And if you live near Southbury, my casework staff will be at the Southbury Public Library tomorrow from 1:30pm-4:30pm. All are welcome to stop by.
The Weaver High School baseball team had me out to practice with them today so I could warm up for the Congressional Baseball Game in two weeks. Terrific group of guys with heart for days
At Uretek, leaders in defense, aerospace, medical, and outdoor equipment manufacturing in New Haven.
Productive meeting with state manufacturing leaders to help forge and launch our new manufacturing compact for Connecticut
Today I joined Sec. Arne Duncan for a forum on school safety w Hartford students.
Chatting w folks at a Congress on Your Corner visit to the Stop & Shop in Newington
Meeting w reps & caseworkers from local food banks to mark final day of SNAP challenge. 400k+ ppl in CT rely on SNAP
Barely ate yesterday so I had enough of my $4.80 left for mac and cheese for dinner last night. And when I hopped on the scale this morning, saw that I lost 6 lbs in 4 days. #foodstampchallenge
Just introduced a new bill (S. 1025) with Senator Blumenthal & Congresswoman Esty to authorize federal funds to help reconstruction of a new Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Yesterday I spoke on the Senate floor about my SNAP challenge as we debate the Farm Bill, and how cuts to SNAP would be an absolute disaster. I've been learning firsthand this week about the struggles SNAP recipients face. The truth of the food stamp program is this: it barely provides enough to keep the hunger pangs away for half the day, and the vast majority of people who use the program only need it temporarily. I'm only doing this challenge for one week, and it's hard to imagine how someone eats on this little money all the time. I'll keep fighting damaging cuts to SNAP http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5eGIAASGFs
Saved enough today to afford a bowl of pasta for dinner. It was, in a word, spectaculous. #foodstampchallenge
Good news from CBIA today:
Can't eat ramen 3 nights in a row for dinner, so had to downsize lunch today to 3 small chicken legs
Heard from Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke at Joint Econ Committee today
Had Ramen for dinner last night after spending $2.75 on chicken and rice for lunch. #foodstampchallenge
Welcome news for commuters: http://www.ct.gov/dot/cwp/view.asp?A=1373&Q=525114 …. Great work by ConnDOT
Breakfast.
So today I started a week of living on $4.80 of food a day, which is the average food stamp benefit for Connecticut SNAP recipients.  I'm doing this because this week we will be starting debate on the Farm Bill in the Senate, and the initial version of the bill includes a $4 billion cut to nutrition programs, which could mean that Connecticut families in need have even less than $5 a day with which to eat.  Too often, programs like food stamps are just stereotyped as handouts and giveaways to undeserving scofflaws.  The truth of the food stamp program is this: it barely provides enough to keep the hunger pangs away for half the day, and the vast majority of people who use the program only need it temporarily.  I'm not even one day through the challenge, and it's hard to figure out how someone eats on this little money.  I was on the road all day today, so the only place I could eat was at the airport.  Thank goodness I found a bagel for $1.11, or I could have exhausted my whole day's budget on one meal (unfortunately, I couldn't afford butter or cream cheese, so I ate a very satisfying dry bagel).  Now, I'm off to the grocery store to buy food for the week.  The little grocery store in my neighborhood has outrageously high prices, so I need to go to a bigger discount store. I don't have a car in Washington, so I've bummed a ride from someone.  It makes me think how hard it is to find cheap food if you don't have a car.  And if it's this big of a problem in the middle of a big city, imagine how bad it is other places.  Anyway, I'll be updating my Facebook page all week with observations from my week on a food stamp budget.  I have $3.69 left to spend today.
Skipped breakfast, was starving by time I got to BDL. Had to get a bagel for $1.11 - couldn't afford butter or cream cheese.
Following a roundtable with CT veterans, discussing steps Congress can and should take to reduce the VA backlog now
I'm taking the SNAP challenge this week to learn firsthand what it means to live on the food stamp budget: about $3 per day. I'll keep you updated as I go
Connecticut Commuter Service Plan in effect for Monday, May 20, and until further notice on the New Haven Rail Line  The Connecticut Department of Transportation and Metro-North Railroad today released the following information regarding service on the New Haven commuter rail line, in the wake of the May 17 derailment in Bridgeport. The service plan requires buses in some locations.  Customers should understand that their commuting times will be considerably longer in many cases.  The following is effective Monday, May 20, and until further notice.  AM Peak to Grand Central  ·         A shuttle train operating approximately every 20 minutes between New Haven and Bridgeport Station ·         Between Bridgeport and Stamford Stations, two bus shuttles will operate:  o   Express service from Bridgeport to Stamford Station with regular train connections to Grand Central Terminal o   Local service between Bridgeport, Fairfield Metro, Fairfield and Westport Stations (no bus service from Green’s Farms and Southport Stations)  ·         Limited train service from Westport Station ·         Regular train service from South Norwalk Station to Grand Central Terminal  AM & PM Reverse Peak/Off-Peak Service  ·         For the AM/PM Peak: Limited train service between Grand Central Terminal and Westport Station ·         For the Off-Peak: Regular train service between Grand Central Terminal and Westport Station ·         Loop bus service with connections between Bridgeport, Fairfield, Fairfield Metro and Westport Stations (no bus service from Green’s Farms and Southport Stations) ·         Express buses between Bridgeport and South Norwalk ·         A train shuttle operating approximately every 20 minutes between Bridgeport and New Haven Stations  PM Peak to New Haven  ·         Regular train service from Grand Central Terminal to South Norwalk Station ·         Express bus service from South Norwalk to Bridgeport Station ·         Limited train service from Grand Central Terminal to Westport Station ·         Local bus shuttle service between Westport, Fairfield, Fairfield Metro and Bridgeport Stations (no bus service from Green’s Farms and Southport Stations) ·         A train shuttle operating approximately every 20 minutes between Bridgeport and New Haven Stations  Regular train service will operate on the New Canaan, Danbury and Waterbury Branches.  For train schedule information, please refer to the schedules page at www.mta.info or the Connecticut DOT website, www.ct.gov/dot.  Customers should know before they go:  ·         Travel times will be significantly longer than normal and trains will be significantly crowded ·         Metro-North representatives will be at major New Haven Line (NHL) stations to assist customers ·         NHL Customers east of South Norwalk are encouraged to seek alternative ways to get to and from work or stagger their work schedule ·         If possible, customers are advised to use the Harlem Line as an alternative.  NHL rail tickets will be cross-honored ·         ConnDOT will cross-honor NHL pre-paid rail tickets (as a temporary Bus/Rail uniticket) on I-95 Corridor Bus Service ·         Metro-North will cross-honor Amtrak tickets ·       Sign up for free email or text message service updates at www.mta.info ·       Visit our website for periodic service updates ·       Listen to the radio and television news: During any emergency, this is the fastest way to find out how train service is affected. We will continuously provide information to the media ·        Call our Travel Information Center by dialing 511 and saying "Metro-North." The Travel Information Center will be fully staffed, and there will also be a taped message describing our current service conditions. Please be aware that the volume of calls at the Travel Information Center will dramatically increase during an emergency, and you may experience delays getting through.  At your station, listen closely for public address announcements.
Curt from Thomas Hooker Brewery stopped by the Senate yesterday to talk about how his small biz helps CT’s economy. Happy Friday, everyone!
Great crowd honoring CT service members at the CNG Armed Forces Day luncheon in Southington
Visited Hamden High today to talk about looming hikes on student loan interest rates. Congress needs to act now to stop them
Just announced a new bill with Senator Blumenthal and Congresswoman Esty to authorize federal funds to help reconstruction of a new Sandy Hook Elementary School. I hope my colleagues in Congress will agree that the little boys and girls at Sandy Hook Elementary shouldn’t be asked to walk the same halls where their classmates were killed.
If you live near Danbury and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff tomorrow during mobile office hours from 10am-12:30pm at the Danbury Library. And if you live near New Milford, my casework staff will be at the New Milford Library tomorrow from 1:30pm-4:30pm. All are welcome to stop by.
Great to Skype with Nonnewaug High School students about their interest in alternative energy today. Thanks for having me!
Outsourcing defense manufacturing hurts Connecticut jobs and national security. Another strong case for tightening Buy American laws:
Yesterday I went to the floor of the Senate to tell the stories of people whose lives have been cut tragically short by gun violence. I’ll be doing this often as we fight for common sense solutions on gun reform. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=henaYVG9Vpw
We can't wait until 2020 for the UN to act on climate change. Targeting SLCPs now gives us the most bang for our buck
What’s missing from the climate debate: new op-ed in The Hill this morning.
My Google Hangout is starting soon, send your questions using #AskMurphy, and tune in at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1sNBUBdaKo&feature=youtu.be
Looking forward to another Google Hangout tonight at 6pm. Don’t forget to tweet your questions using #AskMurphy or leave them here
Looking forward to my Google hangout on Monday night at 6pm! Send your questions on Twitter using #askmurphy, or leave them here. Hope you can join. http://t.co/zpsUkrWf5y
NA
Called on the Department of Veterans Affairs to make sure vets at risk of suicide receive timely follow up care. Too few get proper care today http://1.usa.gov/17Ow7pt
Congrats to CT's Alison Forger and Anna Murphy on winning Prudential Spirit of Community Awards! Making a difference for their communities
Sandy Hook teachers made ultimate sacrifice to protect their kids. Thinking of these heroes and those helping Sandy Hook heal today #teacherappreciationday #thankateacher
If you live near Moosup and need help with a federal agency, visit with my casework staff during mobile office hours until 12:30pm at Aldrich Library today. And if you live near Willimantic, my casework staff will be at the Willimantic Public Library from 1:30pm-4pm. All are welcome to stop by
At Yale this morning discussing why we need to get big money out of politics
Reason for recent Facebook silence? Just back from trip to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Syrian refugee camps. Details to come.
At Bassick High in Bridgeport to talk school safety and gun reform with students. Need to keep fighting for these kids
In Hartford with Senator Blumenthal discussing the path forward for common sense gun reform. Not giving up.
New Haven's 375th birthday celebration began yesterday. Happy Birthday to one of CT's oldest cities! bit.ly/13tvDCH
Proud to invite The Farmer's Cow to join today's Senate Rural Summit. My boys go through 2 gallons/week of the stuff.
Had a great time talking with the Ponus Ridge Middle School 8th graders yesterday in DC!
Heartbroken to hear of Ed Sheehy's passing. He brought Republicans and Democrats together to make Woodbridge a better place. My thoughts are with his family
Just concluded my first Google hangout, thanks to all who asked questions or tuned in. We'll do another one very soon
I'll be starting my first Google hangout in 15 minutes. Tune in here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sbeczg5TaQ&feature=youtu.be
Senator Martin Heinrich and I are from different parts of the country, but we both know the environment must be a national priority. Check out our Earth Day op-ed here http://www.huffingtonpost.com/rep-martin-heinrich/earth-day-environmental-protection_b_3116927.html
Join me for my first Google hangout tmrw at 6pm. I'll be answering questions from CT live. Tweet or post your questions using #AskMurphy, tune in tmrw for details
Working hard today in CT, but thoughts are w family, friends, colleagues in Boston. Let's get this guy.
Was in Enfield today to visit site for potential train stop on New Haven to Springfield line
I saw cowardice on the Senate floor today, but I have faith that public opinion is moving in only one direction, and that this tide of support for gun violence reform will ultimately prevail. For the last 4 months, the American public has grieved with Newtown families. Americans have felt pain, anger, and heartache as they watched the massacre unfold on December 14.   Just like the Newtown families, I will fight with every ounce of my being, every minute of every day, to get gun violence legislation over the finish line.  This fight is just beginning for me, and I know that we will win it.
If you're in Washington tomorrow, come join me at "Coffee with Chris" in Room 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building at 4pm. Looking forward to meeting all Nutmeggers in the area
Praying. Holding my breath.
Lauren Rousseau had finally gotten a full time teaching job at Sandy Hook School last October. #voicesofvictims  http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=lauren-gabrielle-rousseau&pid=161725486#fbLoggedOut
Avielle Richman loved the movie Brave and pretending to be a superhero. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=avielle-richman&pid=161726376#fbLoggedOut
Olivia Engel loved math & reading. Her favorite stuffed animal was a lamb. She was killed on 12/14. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=olivia-engel&pid=161726007#fbLoggedOut
Lavanial Williams was gunned down while visiting his mom in Marin City, Calif. He was 17 years old. #voicesofvictims http://t.co/4Pyda2IiLv
Rachel D'Avino had only started at Sandy Hook days before 12/14. She died protecting her students. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=rachel-davino&pid=161726440#fbLoggedOut
Vicki Soto lived to teach. She died while shielding her young students from the gunfire. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=victoria-soto&pid=161723591#fbLoggedOut
Daniel Barden loved riding waves at the beach & playing the drums in a band with his brother. #voicesofvictims http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=daniel-barden&pid=161725981#fbLoggedOut
Heading back to the Senate floor to tell the stories of those we’ve lost to gun violence. There are many, so I’ll be there a while
Tune into C-SPAN 2 around 10:15am for my maiden speech on Sandy Hook and the gun violence debate.
Standing with Newtown families, Sen. Blumenthal Rep. Esty, Mayor Segarra, and Newtown First Selectman Llodra to call for common sense federal gun reform
My thoughts on Connecticut's new bipartisan gun laws:
Lanza reports today underscore need for bold action by Congress on gun reform. We need to be serious about this http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341215
Thanks to Backus Hospital for hosting me today. Great discussion & feedback helps my work on the HELP committee
Great discussion today with defense subcontractors to talk about growing the industry in CT
My thanks to the team at Electric Boat in Groton for a great tour. They're doing incredible work
NA
Unbelievable that the NRA would stoop so low to robocall Newtown families. They need to stop, now. http://www.murphy.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341182
Joined Senator Blumenthal and anti gun violence advocates this morning to keep pushing for stronger gun safety legislation
I'm a big supporter of open and transparent government, so I'm releasing my bracket http://i.imgur.com/t2AJbYQ.png
Met with St. Rose of Lima students from Newtown yesterday. Such a brave group of kids, we're so proud of them.
Big win for active duty military in just-passed CR: military tuition assistance restored. Had been gutted by sequester http://1.usa.gov/XZUJZr
Connecticut taxpayers have $13 million in unclaimed federal refunds from 2009. Be sure to claim what you're owed before Apr 15:
Glad that common sense gun reform moving to Senate floor, hoping high capacity magazine ban will also be a priority 1.usa.gov/Yn3xrU
Big step forward for common sense gun reform today: Senate Judiciary Committee passes the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013.
Congratulations to Pope Francis and to Catholics across Connecticut and around the world!
Great meeting with Moms Demand Action today. Grassroots action helps Congress get the message: pass sensible gun reform now
Heartbreaking to hear of the death of Army Captain Andrew Pedersen-Keel in Afghanistan on Monday. A terrible loss for his family, Connecticut, and our country.
So proud to welcome Team 26 to the Capitol. They've ridden from Newtown to DC with a message for Congress: now is the time for common sense gun reform
Riders from team 26 started their ride from Newtown to DC this morning to raise awareness for common sense gun reform. Like, comment or share to show your support
In the Senate I'll stand up for all women, like these great leaders who make real change across the globe http://1.usa.gov/Yh2BRT  #womensday #IWD
Tough to tell whose smile is bigger here.
NA
Today's Q poll shows that Connecticut supports common sense gun reform. LIKE and SHARE to show your support
Connecticut voters and gun owners support common sense gun reform:
My latest NRA report looks at some of the most bizarre and dangerous state laws that the NRA has backed. Their agenda puts people at risk http://youtu.be/urTONRDbepU
In Bridgeport with Sen. Blumenthal, Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch and Police Chief Joseph Gaudett, and Hartford Police Chief James Rovella to discuss federal legislation to crack down on illegal gun trafficking
Today I met some of CT's finest at the Fire Chiefs Leadership Summit. Proud to support these men and women #heroes
Proud to join 39 senators and 172 House members in filing an amicus brief with the Supreme Court strongly opposing the discriminatory "Defense of Marriage Act." It's unconstitutional.
Great youth roundtable at Hartford High School with Mayor Pedro Segarra. Kids here to share what's on their minds
At Tweed Airport in New Haven discussing the impact of the sequester on CT. Hundreds of teaching, defense, and air traffic control jobs in CT are now at risk.
Highly recommend Gourmet Cafe in Derby -- great stop for a little morning caffeine
Budget sequestration is not a sane way to govern.
I'm calling on the U.S. Department of Labor to reverse its decision to freeze enrollment at America’s Job Corps centers. The Labor Department has already acknowledged that they’ve mismanaged this program—the kids who rely on it shouldn’t be punished for that. I hope the Department will do the right thing and reverse this decision. This enrollment freeze is already affecting these communities and it would be a terrible mistake to continue to cut off such a critical lifeline for so many students who need it:
I was crushed to hear of the passing of longtime Stamford Democratic City Committee Chairwoman Ellen Camhi. Ellen was a leader not only in Stamford and the Democratic Party, but for our state and country. Her passion and relentless drive, particularly on education issues, helped improve kids’ lives and helped shape public policy for the better. She was a friend and we’ll miss her dearly.
Proud to cast my vote to confirm Sen. Hagel as Secretary of Defense today:
The sequester is another sad example of governing at its worst. Congress must act fast to prevent devastating cuts:
Spending the day in the "Quiet Corner". Stops in Putnam, Killingly, Pomfret. Dropped by WINY Radio in Putnam and got to chat with former state Rep Shawn Johnston.
Just released new report showing gaping disconnect between NRA leadership and its members, who want sensible gun reform http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aOoGAYJ-K8
NA
Reading valentines from Connecticut moms in support of common sense reform delivered by 1 Million Moms for Gun Control
Honored to chair the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe. I'll focus on improving export policies for CT manufacturers 1.usa.gov/XPraXR
Please join the #1MillionHearts for Newtown. Share a valentine to show your love and support for the community:
R.I.P. Valentine Murphy  Increasingly, people who do things for others want to be noticed for their efforts. There is a loudness to some philanthropy that didn't used to exist. And I admit, it's hard for me to criticize those who want recognition for their good deeds since I put out a press release every time I do something (that I consider to be) good. But there was nothing loud about the way my grandfather, Val Murphy, made his mark in life. He gave back simply because he understood it to be his duty to do so. Maybe it was because he grew up in awe of the munificence of his beloved sister, Eileen, who basically raised her younger brother after their mother died when Val was two, and their father died twelve short years later. Or maybe it was because of the heroic acts he witnessed during World War II, when he traveled through Europe with Patton's Third Army building bridges for troops to cross, earning a Purple Heart along the way. Wherever he got his inspiration, he put it into action when he returned home to Connecticut after the war. He helped build a successful engineering business, and built great buildings throughout Connecticut like the stilts building in Hartford. But he truly shined outside of work. He was President of the Civitan Club, the local swim club, and his church's non-profit housing corporation. He served on boards, from Hartford Hospital to Jefferson House. And in between all of this, he raised three amazing sons, including my father, each instilled with the same sense of community and generosity that their dad possessed. "Pop", as his eight grandchildren called him, did lots of good things for lots of people, and never asked for any recognition in return. He was the model of quiet dignity his entire life - even up to the point where he passed away quietly early Monday morning at the age of 96.  Our Pop was a reminder that the best noise sometimes comes with no volume attached at all.  http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hartfordcourant/obituary.aspx?n=valentine-l-murphy&pid=163042077&fhid=4082#fbLoggedOut
My thoughts on the State of the Union tonight. Check it out: http://bit.ly/12e9haD
Proud to stand with families of victims, survivors, and my House and Senate colleagues in support of common sense gun reform before the State of the Union.
Honored to have first responders Det. Dan McAnaspie and Det. Jason Frank with me in DC tomorrow for #SOTU, both of Newtown PD.
Good website for updates and resources to help prepare for the snow storm. Stay safe.
Just met with former Senator Hagel. Not only an impressive resume and intellect, he's a decorated veteran and would be the first Secretary of Defense who served only in the enlisted ranks. He's got my vote.
Check out this short video message on my second report on the NRA. The report reveals that the NRA has a direct financial stake in selling more guns, and increasingly represents gun makers rather than gun owners:
NRA "enemies list" shows just how staggeringly out of touch they are:
We need a strong VAWA now. In CT over 1 million women have experienced sexual violence. Proud to vote to move the bill forward yesterday
FMLA, Medicare, Social Security. When it comes to social change, 20 years always turns controversy into common sense.
February 2, 2013
Touring E Hartford pump station. For those who think gov does nothing, check out this pic
Getting a demonstration of the destructive power of military-style assault weapons from the CT State Police
Over the last 3 months, we gained 624,000 private sector jobs and lost another 24,000 public sector jobs. #biggovernment
Congrats to UConn for being named #1 most sustainable campus in the world http://www.universitybusiness.com/article/rankings-reveal-most-sustainable-campuses-world
I wrote an op-ed for Politico on the NRA's over-hyped political power -- take a look. http://www.politico.com/story/2013/01/this-is-not-your-fathers-nra-86885.html
I was proud to cast a vote today to confirm Senator John Kerry to be our next Secretary of State. Senator Kerry has been a true bipartisan leader in the Senate for nearly 30 years, and has worked diligently to advance America’s interests abroad. As a new member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I admire his lifelong dedication to public service, and especially his support for our troops around the globe.  I’m also deeply grateful to another tireless public servant, Secretary Clinton, for her incredible service to our country as Secretary of State. She has set a high bar for the future of the State Department and her leadership will be missed. I’m sorry that I only had the privilege to speak with her in one committee hearing, but I hope she’ll come back to provide wisdom and counsel to the committee in the future.  It’s been an exciting first two weeks on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and I’ve learned a lot from two great American leaders. I thank both Senator Kerry and Secretary Clinton for their service to our country.
Check out this new video on the first in a series of new reports that debunk the myth of the NRA's political muscle:
First in a series of new reports that debunk the myth of the NRA's political muscle:
This morning I'll release a new report that starts to pull back the curtain on the NRA's over-hyped political power. Stay tuned
Just toured a few sites with Mayor Rohde in Meriden to talk about federal priorities in town
Toured Sandy damage on the Milford shoreline wtih Mayor Blake and state Rep. Rose this morning. Still a long way to go here
I was proud to stand with other advocates for common sense reform to announce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013. Watch:
Joined by survivors of gun violence, families of victims, law enforcement, clergy, mayors, and other lawmakers to say enough is enough. The time to act is now.
Honored that my first Senate hearing was with Secretary Clinton. Check out the video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7XaBIUutTM
Today is the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade. I'm proud to stand with Connecticut women to protect reproductive rights.
Great visiting with students from CCSU, Danbury HS, Waterford HS, Wilton HS, and the Taft School who came to DC for the inauguration
Touring New London economic development projects with Mayor Finizio. Lot of great potential.
Hearing about federal priorities in Middletown this morning from my friend Mayor Dan Drew
Today, I held a roundtable discussion with Congressman Jim Himes and community leaders in Stamford on reducing gun violence in America.
Reminder: the deadline for applying for aid for Sandy damage is January 28th. Go to http://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call FEMA at 800-621-3362 to register.
These are strong recommendations, and Congress should act on them now—before another mass tragedy occurs. If assault weapons and high capacity magazines were not so readily available, I'm convinced there would be more little boys and girls alive in Newtown today. If background checks were universal, our city streets would be safer. There are no longer any excuses for inaction. If the horror of Sandy Hook doesn't move Congress to act on common sense gun laws, I have no idea what will. I’m so appreciative of the leadership of President Obama and Vice President Biden on this issue, especially their willingness to involve the Sandy Hook parents and families in this effort. Now, it’s time to get to work.
NA
NA
A strange brew of profound sadness and hope at the kickoff of Sandy Hook Promise today.
Stopped in this morning to say thank you to the Newtown Bee staff as well as Newtown Police. Among the many heroes.
NA
At the new steel bulkhead in West Haven. Redeveloping this site means new jobs and a great boost for the local economy.
There have been 130 school shootings since Columbine. How many is enough to finally act?
Some photos from yesterday's swearing in ceremony in the Old Senate Chamber.
Today I was honored to be sworn into the US Senate. So was my one year old son apparently:
I'm about to take the oath of office as Connecticut's next U.S. Senator. I'm humbled and honored to be sent here and ready to get to work for our state.
