New Mexico's new VA Health Care System Director, Andy Welch, started in Albuquerque this week, and I had a very productive meeting with him yesterday. I especially appreciate Andy's interest in helping ensure New Mexico's rural veterans get the services and care they've earned, and I look forward to partnering with him and his staff on behalf of all veterans in New Mexico.
One of my most important duties is to help ensure veterans get the support and benefits they have earned. I was honored to help Vietnam veteran George Allen Ortiz, a Marine, receive several medals recognizing his service. I regret deeply that I couldn't make the ceremony in person, but I'm very pleased that the medals were presented to him today. Like so many of our veterans, Al’s service didn't end when he came home. Whether it is the homeless, or a fellow veteran who needs a helping hand, Al continues to serve. He is someone who gave so much—and continues to give. Thank you Al, our nation is forever in your debt.   As a measure of our gratitude, these medals were presented today:  The National Defense Service medal The Vietnam Service medal The Vietnam Campaign medal The First Marine division medal Vietnam Veteran coin Gold Vietnam Veteran engraved coin Psalm 23 coin
I am happy for Alan Gross and his family today, as we welcome him home after 5 years of incarceration in Cuba. In November, I traveled to Cuba to meet with Cuban officials, as well as religious and business leaders, to discuss the impacts of the embargo and travel restrictions on American and Cuban families. I also visited Alan in prison and expressed optimism that he would be released soon.  I applaud the president in his efforts to return him to his family and for taking steps to normalize relations with Cuba.  Now is the time to end the failed embargo against Cuba and to take steps to normalize relations. This is a sea change as our nation is finally embarking on a 21st century approach with Cuba, one that will open opportunities for New Mexicans and other American interests in Cuba. American citizens are the best diplomats of our values and I hope their future interactions shine through with the Cuban people.  It is time to act, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and the Obama administration, to build upon this announcement and move forward to lift the embargo on Cuba, which has only served to isolate the Cuban people and limit American opportunity.
I am pleased to announce that through year-end legislation that passed Congress last week, the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program, or PILT, is fully-funded for next year.  This is a relief for New Mexico's counties, because the PILT program helps provide New Mexicans in almost every county with critical services like police, fire protection, and education -- to the tune of more than $37 million this year alone. Our local governments rely on PILT to create jobs and pay for basic services, and that's why I pushed so hard to secure these critical payments for next year. PILT is part of the federal government's obligation to local communities with large amounts of federal land.  And as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue making the case in Congress for why we must fund it well into the future.
I'm honored to be returning to the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee in 2015, which puts me in an exciting position to fight for issues that will help create jobs and build New Mexico's economy - from trade and transportation to technology and the rapidly evolving space industry.  Our state has all the building blocks for a strong high-tech sector, including our universities and research facilities, entrepreneurs and established companies that want to commercialize new technologies. Now is the time to encourage innovation and investments that will benefit our state and national economy for years to come. We are also at a critical point in the expansion of broadband Internet, which is vital for small business, education and health care, particularly in rural communities. I intend to use my position to step up the fight to ensure every community in New Mexico has high-speed Internet access. Since my days as New Mexico's Attorney General, I have worked to strengthen consumer protection. I'm proud of my contributions to keep drunk drivers from getting behind the wheel, improve youth sports safety, prevent cell phone ‘bill shock,' and protect consumers from fraud, and the Commerce Committee gives me a position to fight to ensure New Mexicans have the tools they need to protect themselves and their families.  The Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee has broad jurisdiction over federal agencies and laws that govern aviation, communications, consumer affairs, highway and pipeline safety, railroads, science, and space policies.
This is an exciting day for everyone who enjoys public lands and parks in New Mexico. Today we're sending the president a bill that protects some of the most beloved landscapes in New Mexico -- increasing public access to the Valles Caldera and designating the Columbine Hondo Wilderness -- creates a historical park dedicated to the Manhattan Project, and establishes a program allowing the BLM to improve its operations in Carlsbad and Farmington. Scores of New Mexicans deserve credit for helping us get these bills across the finish line -- from former Senator Bingaman, who first introduced them, to the diverse group of sportsmen, conservationists, local business people and others who have put years of hard work into them. Protecting these special and important places will increase tourism and create jobs in the surrounding communities while ensuring New Mexicans can enjoy them for generations to come.
The Constitution requires Congress to authorize war, and today the Senate Foreign Relations Committee did its job and passed an AUMF for the conflict against ISIS. Because I'm very concerned about an open-ended campaign against ISIS, I offered two amendments with Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) to limit the scope of the AUMF to just one year and ensure the use of force doesn't extend beyond Iraq and Syria without congressional approval. I'm disappointed my amendments weren't successful, but I'm pleased the committee honored its responsibility with today's vote. The next step should be a debate by the full Congress, and we should stay in session as long as it takes to do our constitutional duty to debate and pass an AUMF. Watch the debate here:
Today is International Human Rights Day – a day commemorating the UN General Assembly’s adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, and celebrating the declaration’s fundamental proposition that each of is equally entitled to the full range of human rights. I have introduced a resolution on Indonesia – to address the country’s past crimes, and support its continued progress as we work together to strengthen the Asia Pacific Region. We must recognize the challenges of the past and the progress that must continue as we work to ensure that human rights are protected globally.    Next year marks the 50th anniversary of the mass murder of hundreds of thousands of Indonesian people ­from all walks of life ­– women’s groups, intellectuals, teachers and others – who were targeted for their alleged association with communism from 1965 to 1966. The U.S. provided financial and military assistance during this time and later, though few Americans are aware of our own government’s actions during this time. The crimes were blamed on Indonesia’s Communist Party, and many of the killers continue to live with impunity, while survivors and the descendants of victims continue to be marginalized.   My resolution urges Indonesia’s new government to create a truth and reconciliation commission to address these crimes, and urges our own government to establish an interagency working group to release relevant classified documents regarding these crimes. We must draw attention to these events to support Indonesia’s continued progress as a democracy and a vital ally. Listen to my speech on the Senate floor about the resolution below, and read the full text of the resolution here: https://www.scribd.com/doc/249795193/Sense-of-the-Senate-Resolution-Regarding-Indonesia
My statement on the Senate Intelligence Committee's review of the CIA's detention and interrogation program:   "The Senate investigators' report documents the use of brutal interrogation techniques that I believe constitute torture and violate U.S. and international law. In the wake of the 9/11 attacks, we compromised the values that make our nation great. This report underscores that torture is not only brutal and inhumane, it so often produces unreliable intelligence that it is also ineffective.  "The release of today's report has been controversial, but it's an important step forward in addressing a stain on our nation's history. While we can understand the intelligence community's desire to prevent another attack, a civilized nation should never resort to torture in the name of security. My hope is that this report informs future generations of Americans and ensures that we never undertake programs like this again."  A copy of the report is available here: http://www.intelligence.senate.gov/study2014/sscistudy1.pdf
This week, students at more than 170 events in New Mexico will participate in the second annual Hour of Code. During Computer Science Education Week, which kicks off today, Code.org is aiming for 100 million students worldwide to complete an hour of code. Computer Science helps students learn creativity and problem solving, and is an increasingly valuable skill in today’s job market. However, the number of schools offering computer science classes has declined over the past decade. Visit hourofcode.com to participate, or learn how to bring an hour of code to your school or community. Fill me in below in the comments section on what you coded this week if your school is participating!
As Congress debates whether to extend over 50 expired tax credits, I'm pushing to extend the wind production credit not just for four more weeks, but for long enough that American wind power can grow in New Mexico and across the country. I joined Senator Edward J. Markey, AWEA and Environment America today to unveil a report that shows that wind has huge promise to help us fight global warming and create jobs. Not only is wind carbon free, it's abundant in New Mexico, and it uses almost no water. Now is the time for Congress to make a commitment to fight climate change and invest in the global clean energy economy so this important industry can meet its full potential.
The Payment in Lieu of Taxes program, or PILT, helps provide New Mexicans in almost every county with critical services like police, fire protection, and education -- to the tune of more than $37 million this year alone.  That's why I am leading the fight in the Senate to continue this lifeline for next year.  Along with Republican Senator Mike Crapo of Idaho, I have brought together a bipartisan coalition of 34 senators to urge Senate leadership to include funding for PILT and a related program, Secure Rural Schools (SRS), which helps fund school budgets, in any end-of-year legislation.  I've heard from county leaders across our state about how important this program is to ensure New Mexico communities can continue to keep police and firefighters working, fund schools and keep up with maintenance on roads, water projects and other important services. PILT is the federal government’s obligation to local communities with large amounts of federal land.  I fought earlier this year to include a one-year extension of PILT in the Farm Bill, and will continue to push to extend this program and to find permanent, stable funding into the future.
Last month, I voted against a highly politicized bill mandating construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. As Senator Martin Heinrich and I wrote an op-ed in the ABQ Journal this Sunday: "Rather than mandating the construction of oil pipelines for private foreign corporations, Congress should be focused on supporting domestic energy production that creates permanent American jobs."
Fort Stanton - Snowy River National Conservation Area. Photo by Bob Wick, BLM California.
Ortega's Weaving Shop in Chimayo is a great example of the many small businesses across NM that keep our economy strong. And I learned a lot about their craft today in my visit to highlight #smallbizsat #shopsmall
Glad to be able to help kick off the Red Kettle Campaign in Santa Fe today. Thanks to all of the volunteers working hard to help those in need this season!
Today, I'm thankful for the opportunity to spend meaningful time with friends and family. I'm also grateful for the commitment of our troops from New Mexico and across our great country who are serving far away from home. There are lots of ways to show our thanks to our military men and women. One is to send a care package. If you're interested in reaching out, there are lots of ideas at: http://www.ourmilitary.mil/care-packages
Safe travels to everyone who is on the road or in the air today. Jill and I wish you all a wonderful Thanksgiving!
It was great to tour the Levitated Toy Factory in Albuquerque, and meet with its co-owner, Jared Tarbell, this morning. Jared, who also co-founded Etsy, started Levitated in 2000 as a website that developed and distributed design software, and he opened the toy factory in downtown Albuquerque in September. Jared and I discussed the essential role of an open and fair Internet in helping New Mexico small businesses like Levitated and e-commerce platforms like Etsy to thrive. Net neutrality is critical to empowering small businesses and enabling them to compete on the same level as larger businesses. As the FCC prepares new net neutrality rules, I'll continue to urge them to ensure the Internet remains a platform for free expression, innovation, and entrepreneurship. And if you haven't checked out Levitated, Jared and his team are doing fascinating things with digital fabrication software, producing wooden and paper toys through laser cutting and microelectronics.
U.S. Senator Tom Udall issued the following statement after President Obama announced that Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel will step down:    “Over the last year, we have seen the emergence of a brutal terrorist organization as well as other security threats that have required a targeted, strategic response, with little room for mistakes. As the commander in chief, President Obama needs to have a strong defense secretary who will handle these challenges with authority and clear leadership. I thank Secretary Hagel for his many years of service to our country and to the administration. I particularly appreciate Secretary Hagel’s strong understanding of the strategic importance of our national laboratories, and I hope his successor will share that focus. I look forward to more information from the president about his next steps as well as the upcoming confirmation process.”
Today, U.S. Senator Tom Udall issued the following statement on the president’s decision to take executive action on immigration:    “Over 40,000 people in New Mexico and millions more around the country are living in immigration limbo while they work and raise families here in the United States. Deporting these children and families isn’t a realistic option. We need to focus our limited resources on securing the border and going after drug dealers, gang members and potential terrorists.  “New Mexicans have seen firsthand the problems caused by House Republicans, who have dragged their feet on immigration for too long – it has been 511 days since the Senate passed a bipartisan comprehensive reform bill. Because the House won’t act, the president is justified in taking commonsense steps to fix our broken immigration system under existing law.   “The president is offering a temporary solution to keep families together, give employers who hire workers on visas more certainty about their workforce, and devote our limited resources to deporting dangerous criminals. It’s past time for Congress to work together on a permanent fix of our broken immigration system.”
Today is National Rural Health Day – a day to recognize the unique health care challenges and opportunities in rural areas. In the Senate, I'm committed to addressing those challenges, and am working to ensure that families in rural communities in New Mexico and throughout the country have access to quality health care. I've introduced legislation to increase access to primary care services in rural communities through incentives attract more nurses and doctors to live in work in rural areas and on tribal lands. I continue to push for funding for expanded telehealth technologies to provide patients in rural areas with greater access to highly specialized care, without needing to be transported to larger hospitals. And I've also introduced the bipartisan Rural Veterans Improvement Act to improve access to care for our veterans living in rural areas through expanded transportation options, recruiting and retraining doctors, and improvements at rural clinics. Everyone deserves access to quality health care, and I'm committed to addressing rural health challenges to ensure the health and economic well-being of our rural communities.
Congratulations to the 49th Wing at Holloman Air Force Base on winning the 2014 Air Force Outstanding Unit Award! I’m glad the Air Force has recognized the hard work of the outstanding men and women at Holloman, and proud to have such an exceptional unit representing New Mexico and the nation. Their dedicated service in support of our national security is certainly worthy of this prestigious award.
This week is Global Entrepreneurship Week, and to celebrate, my office has partnered with local business organizations to host the Las Cruces Business Fiesta, which will connect small business owners with local business resources and successful entrepreneurs. Small businesses are a driving force behind economic development and job creation in New Mexico, and it's critical that aspiring entrepreneurs have access to the resources they need to launch and grow their business. I'm pleased to help host the this event, which will provide an excellent opportunity for aspiring small business owners to gain information about available resources and learn about best practices from successful local business leaders. The free event will take place from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Wednesday, Nov. 19 at the Las Cruces Community Enterprise Center, and I encourage anyone considering launching a small businesses or trying to expand their current small business to attend.  For more information or to register, visit www.LasCrucesBusiness.com .
"Today, the Columbine-Hondo Wilderness Act cleared the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, a great step forward in the ongoing grassroots efforts to permanently protect the Columbine-Hondo. The recreation opportunities are tremendous, and a Columbine-Hondo Wilderness will provide critical protection for New Mexico's wildlife and water resources. The tourism and jobs that will follow this wilderness designation will continue to benefit New Mexicans. I am proud of our years-long collaboration with local stakeholders, who have worked tirelessly to preserve this slice of northern New Mexico into the future."  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1796
"Americans throughout the country gather on Veterans Day to thank the brave men and women of our military and to recognize their service to our nation. We honor the great sacrifices of those who have risked their lives to protect our freedoms and keep us safe. We thank those who are still serving today and we pay tribute those who have given their all in defense of our country and its ideals.  "New Mexico has a long and proud tradition of military service, and when our nation has called, New Mexico has always answered. While our veterans have bravely ventured where few would tread, few truly know the burden they and their families often endure. As we honor their service, we must always remember the debt which we owe them and their families. We have solemn obligation to ensure that our veterans return home to receive the support and the benefits they have earned. Keeping our promise to our veterans is a privilege I am proud to shoulder as a United States senator.  "When our veterans come home, they should get the quality health care they have earned, and they should not have to wait for it. That is why I strongly supported the Veterans Care Act, which Congress passed this summer and the president signed into law. The law allows the VA to fire senior executives for poor performance, eliminates bonuses that incentivized the cover-up of waiting times for appointments, and will help veterans to get care outside the VA if they need it.  "Many veterans living in rural areas in New Mexico and throughout the country also face unique challenges. I have introduced a bill to provide better care for veterans in rural areas by helping with transportation, staffing, and ensuring every dollar goes as far as possible for VA community clinics. None of our veterans - including over 6 million living in rural areas - should be left behind.  "I also continue to push Congress to renew and extend the VOW to Hire Heroes Act to help veterans transition their specialized skills to civilian jobs, and renew tax credits for businesses that hire unemployed veterans, and wounded warriors in particular. We are strengthened by the skills and talents of our veterans. This policy not only helps veterans to get good jobs when they come home, but also strengthens our economy and our communities.  "As a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Veterans Affairs, I will continue to fight for funding for veterans. Nothing I do in the Senate is more important.  "Our commitment to the men and women of our armed forces should be just as strong as their commitment to our nation. On Veterans Day, we remember the heroes among us and those who are no longer with us. We have responsibility to remember their courage and sacrifices not just today, but every day."  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1792
Net neutrality is about leveling the playing field, and I am encouraged that the president has joined the call for strong rules by the FCC to protect the open Internet. I am working in the Senate to encourage broadband infrastructure investment in rural New Mexico to get out of the Internet’s slow lane, but allowing new toll lanes on the Web would change the Internet as we know it. New Mexicans have been asking me to ensure the Internet remains an open and fair forum. I continue to urge the FCC to issue strong rules that allow the Web to continue to be a platform for free expression, to promote innovation, and help online entrepreneurs compete on a level playing field with established companies.
This Veterans Day, your National Parks, National Wildlife Refuges, and other public lands are fee-free. These lands provide countless benefits for New Mexicans. They support jobs—thousands of jobs in New Mexico. They bring millions of dollars to our gateway communities. They are places to unwind from the daily grind, and to introduce children to nature. And for many of our veterans looking for solitude, adventure, or camaraderie, these lands have a true healing power. I've talked to combat veterans returning from tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, many of whom came home suffering from PTSD and traumatic brain injuries, who have found peace, solace, and healing on their public lands. Many of these returning veterans are fighting here at home to protect these lands, and I am proud to work with them in promoting responsible use of our natural resources.
Yesterday, I had the honor of participating in the dedication of a new exhibit at the National Museum of Nuclear Science and History in Albuquerque commemorating the significant contributions made by the 150th Fighter Wing of the New Mexico Air National Guard, better known as the “TACOS”. Our state has a great tradition of military service, and when our nation has called, New Mexico has always answered.  The 150th Fighter Wing--the legendary TACOS--answered that call many times: from Korea to Iraq, from Bosnia to 911. And that tradition continues with the 150th Special Operations Wing, with its ongoing mission to train and support our fighters. In the Senate, nothing is more important to me than honoring the brave New Mexico men and women who serve our country, and making sure our veterans get the respect and benefits they have earned. That is a solemn obligation, and one that I strive to meet every day.
It was exciting to tour Thomas & Betts Corp. on Albuquerque’s west side yesterday. Thomas & Betts is a leading designer and manufacturer of electrical components and low-voltage technologies used to manage the connection, distribution, transmission and reliability of electrical power, and it has operated in New Mexico for more than 40 years.  The company currently employs 450 New Mexicans, and plans to hire more employees to fill good-paying jobs created through its investments in new technologies.  I’m proud to fight for policies to boost research and innovation, to strengthen New Mexico's manufacturing sector, and to ensure companies like Thomas & Betts Corp. can grow and add the good-paying jobs that middle class families need to get ahead.
Today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that the Embudo Valley Library and Community Center will receive $49,343 to equip and upgrade the interior of a local food cooperative that provides healthy foods. These types of investments in rural New Mexico help support businesses, grow local economies, strengthen communities, and provide New Mexicans with increased access to local, healthy food. I continue to fight for investments to support the rural fabric of our state and boost our local economy.
Yesterday, I hosted U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx for a tour of the Paseo/I-25 Interchange Project.  This reconstruction project is critical for the area, and I have been pushing to ensure safe access for pedestrians and cyclists, as well as the need for dialogue between local residents and local and federal DOT planners.  The project is on schedule and expected to be completed by the end of the year.  At the construction site, and at a roundtable later with the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, I discussed with Secretary Foxx the need for robust infrastructure funding and long-term transportation planning for the region to support the economy.  As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I will continue to fight for the region's infrastructure needs and push the Department of Transportation to invest in New Mexico.
I was excited to spend some time this morning with Tim Harris, the owner of Tim's Place in Albuquerque.  I really appreciated Tim taking me around and introducing me to his customers.  We spent some time talking about his business, and I'm very impressed by his dedication and commitment to his business and the community.  The chicken & rice soup and Caesar's salad were both excellent, but the highlight of the day had to be Tim's hospitality!
$7.25 may just be a number to some, but not for so many families in New Mexico, struggling to get by. It means working two or three jobs just to put food on the table, or fill up the gas tank, or buy clothes for their children, and still not be able to climb out of poverty.  Our nation was founded on a basic promise that no matter who you are - if you work hard - you can get ahead. We haven't always kept that promise. We have the opportunity to help fulfill this promise for millions of hardworking men and women - young and old - who are paid the minimum wage.  It's time to #RaisetheWage to help working families, and it's one of the best things we can do to kick start New Mexico's economy.
The Supreme Court is right to let #MarriageEquality decisions stand. This is another big step for #MarriageMomentum.   #SCOTUS
I was honored to join former Senator Jeff Bingaman and the veterans in attendance at Friday's ribbon cutting for Santa Fe's new Veterans' Community Based Outpatient Center.  This new clinic is more than bricks and mortar--it's about keeping a solemn obligation to our veterans that when they come home, they get the health care and benefits they have earned. I will continue to fight for funding for veterans, because nothing I do in the Senate is more important. I'm also working on legislation for better care for rural veterans, to help with transportation and staffing, and to make sure every dollar goes as far as possible for VA community clinics.
It was great to join Leonard Martinez and all of the San Joaquin del Rio de Chama Land Grant heirs on Friday. Their commitment and passion to restore their traditional lands and strengthen the well-being of their community is tremendous, and Leonard's positive efforts on the Land Grant Council, the Land Grant Consejo, and at the SJRC Land Grant are really making a difference at the local, state, and federal level.  For years, the land grant heirs have struggled to ensure that the federal government honors its commitments as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and I'm honored to stand with them as they look to the future work collaboratively with federal agencies on solutions that work for everyone. Because of the heirs’ efforts, as well as dedicated employees at the Forest Service, heirs now have better access to their historic cemetery.
Last Friday, I was honored to spend some time at the Acequia de los Garcias in San Pedro to discuss the need to strengthen relationships between acequias and federal agencies.  The acequias in New Mexico are critically important to New Mexico’s history and culture.  These acequia systems don’t just have cultural significance--they provide real economic contributions the community. They are part of a way of life, allowing farmers and ranchers to use the land and water the way they have for centuries. Just as important, they help tie communities together in rural parts of the state, but especially here in the Española Valley. And these acequias are also important ecologically. They recharge aquifers, which is critical in this time of drought, and they help support the natural function of the watersheds.  I’m proud to work with the New Mexico Acequia Association to protect these ancient and unique systems.
On Saturday, September 27th, join in on the nation's largest nation's largest, single-day volunteer effort for public lands, National Public Lands Day.  Public lands in New Mexico generate tourism and jobs for gateway communities, and it's up to all of us to maintain them for the benefit of all New Mexicans.  So whether it's developing a new OHV area in the Cibola National Forest, doing shoreline cleanup at the Conchas Reservoir, or collecting litter from target shooting and garbage dumping at Prehistoric Trackways National Monument, there are a variety of opportunities to lend a hand for your public lands.  http://www.publiclandsday.org/npld-sites/search?state=New+Mexico
Last week, I introduced a bill with Senator Ron Wyden to improve the oversight and accountability of the nation’s intelligence community by expanding the mission of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.  As chairman of the appropriations subcommittee that funds the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, I have fought to ensure the board has the resources necessary to conduct rigorous oversight of the government's surveillance activities.  Expanding the board's jurisdiction to include all foreign intelligence activities will help further protect against the government's unacceptable infringement on Americans' privacy rights.  I know we can protect both our security and our constitutional rights, but we need two things for true reform: open debate and independent oversight.  This bill is an important step in expanding that oversight.
Here's a great article in the Carlsbad Current-Argus about the Senate passing my bill last week to improve how the BLM handles oil and gas permits in Southeastern and Northwestern NM. http://www.currentargus.com/carlsbad-news/ci_26565944/u-s-senate-passes-bill-help-blm-oil
Hate has no place in New Mexico, and I’m proud to join with my colleagues and the NOH8 campaign to stand up against bullying and discrimination. Every American deserves to be treated with respect and dignity, and to be viewed equally under the law. More about the campaign at http://www.noh8campaign.com/article/noh8onthehill5
This week, the Senate unanimously passed my bipartisan bill to support oil and gas development on federal land in New Mexico.  I've been working with groups, including the New Mexico Oil and Gas Association, Western Energy Alliance, American Petroleum Institute, and others to ensure that we provide the BLM resources to balance and support the demands of oil and gas permitting and environmental management. Oil and gas production is critical to New Mexico's economy and for our children's education, with the state getting $479 million in federal royalties in 2013 alone. I'm calling on the House to pass it quickly so that our offices in Carlsbad and Farmington can continue to support the local and state economy.
Today was an opportunity for the Senate to finally vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill that would ensure women receive equal pay for equal work. Unfortunately, Senate Republicans did not agree. Equal pay for equal work is a basic principle we should all be able to agree on, but 50 years after we passed the Equal Pay Act, women still make less than men for the same work -- 80 cents for every dollar men make in New Mexico. I've heard from women across our state who say that they need the Paycheck Fairness Act to help them fight for fair and equal pay. I'm disappointed that Senate Republicans again said 'no' to supporting working families and chose to filibuster this bill. New Mexico families will be better off when take-home pay is no longer tied to gender, and I will continue to fight for a solution to pay inequality.
I’m pushing to raise the minimum wage because increasing the minimum wage ensures families have money to spend at local businesses, and it's one of the best things we can do to boost New Mexico's economy.  Raising the minimum wage will benefit 147,000 workers in New Mexico.  At today's minimum wage, too many New Mexico families work two or three jobs just to put food on the table and fill up the gas tank, yet they still can't make enough to climb out of poverty. Our nation was founded on the promise that - no matter your background - anyone who works hard can get ahead. It's time to raise the minimum wage to make sure we're keeping that promise so that all New Mexico families have a real chance at the American dream.
Today was a historic day for campaign finance reform, with more than half of the Senate voting on a constitutional amendment to make it clear that the American people have the right to regulate campaign finance. It is unfortunate, but not unexpected, that Republicans would filibuster this measure and instead choose to support a broken system that prioritizes corporations and billionaires over regular voters. Momentum continues to build for common-sense campaign finance reform, and I will keep leading this fight on behalf of New Mexicans and all Americans to restore our nation’s founding principle -- a democracy of, by, and for the people.
Today, as we come together as a nation to reflect on the tragic events of 9/11, we remember and honor those whose lives were taken in New York City, Shanksville and Arlington, the heroic first responders who rushed to the aid of others, and the brave men and women who were called to duty and selflessly served their people and their nation in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks.  Out of tragedy, we joined together in the spirit of unity that would help us to heal. As we pause today to remember those whose lives were lost on that terrible day, we also commemorate those who made the ultimate sacrifice to make our country safer and recognize those who continue to proudly serve their nation.  We owe all of our service members and first responders a debt of gratitude, and must do everything in our power to support them and their families both abroad and at home.
This week, the Senate is engaging in debate over my constitutional amendment to take our democracy back from special interests, corporations, and billionaires and give it back to the American people.  Our elections have been hijacked by narrow Supreme Court decisions that say money is speech and corporations are people.  This week's debate is about rescuing the first amendment and ensuring our democracy is just as responsive to the middle class as it is to the moneyed class.
It's an exciting week for our campaign finance amendment, and the movement is stronger than it's ever been. I kicked off a rally today where supporters delivered a petition signed by more than 3 million Americans supporting our efforts to put control of our elections back in the hands of American voters -- and take it out of the hands of corporations and billionaires. Thanks to those who came all the way to DC this afternoon to deliver that message in person -- and to the millions who have made it clear that they expect Washington to reform our broken campaign finance system. I will keep leading this fight on behalf of the American people to restore our nation’s founding principle -- a democracy of, by, and for the people.
Don’t forget to tune in on C-SPAN 2 today to watch the debate on my campaign finance amendment. I’ll be speaking at approximately 3:30 ET about the need to ensure that our elections aren’t bought and paid for by secret donors and special interests. You have called loudly for sensible campaign finance reforms to create a level playing field and take control of elections out of the hands of corporations and billionaires and give it back to American voters. Watch on C-SPAN 2 or online at http://www.c-span.org. 
Tune in to C-SPAN on Monday for a historic debate in the Senate on how to fix our broken campaign finance system. Next week, the Senate will vote on my proposal to make it clear in the Constitution that the American people have the power to regulate spending in elections. Voters in New Mexico and across the country have called loudly for sensible campaign finance reforms to create a level playing field and take control of elections out of the hands of corporations and billionaires and give it back to American voters. Momentum for meaningful reform continues to grow, and I hope my colleagues will demonstrate to their constituents that it’s time to restore our nation’s founding principle -- a democracy of, by, and for the people. Follow along Monday on C-SPAN or at www.c-span.org.
Fifty years ago today, President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed the Wilderness Act into law.  This broadly bipartisan legislation passed in the Senate by a vote of 73 to 12, and had only one dissenter in the House.  This Act has protected some of New Mexico's -- and our nation's -- most spectacular landscapes, boosting tourism for our state and providing jobs to gateway communities.  It also ensures that our future generations will continue to experience them the same way we do.  So celebrate by getting out and enjoying some of our state's most spectacular lands, like the Bisti/De-Na-Zin Wilderness in northwest New Mexico.
I enjoyed visiting New Mexico State University this week to talk to students who are getting hands-on space technology experience through the innovative Space Grant Consortium. I'm proud to support them and this program, which has students excited about careers in science, technology, engineering and math. Earlier this month, I announced that the New Mexico Space Grant Consortium received a well-deserved $500,000 grant from NASA that will give students a chance to design experiments to be launched into space from Spaceport America! These kinds of partnerships are important to New Mexico students, and I'll continue working hard to promote science and math education for their future.
Working to do what’s right for New Mexico’s economy is my top priority in the U.S. Senate. Watch below to learn more about the work I'm doing with communities across the state to help create jobs and build a better future.
This week, I was glad to meet with the Girl Scouts of New Mexico Trails, who are doing great work getting girls interested in science and math education. Some of them are mentoring kids across the state on robotics to get more students excited about careers in engineering and science at our national labs and bases here in New Mexico.  During the visit, I also announced I'm working with the Girl Scouts on a bipartisan bill enabling children's groups, summer camps and other youth-serving nonprofits to access federal criminal background checks on new employees and volunteers. I'm proud to support this legislation to help protect our children.
This week my office is proud to host two Military Service Academies Night for students, parents and young adults interested in serving our nation. One of my duties as U.S. Senator is nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation’s academies, and if you are a high school student or recent graduate who is interested in serving our country at an academy, I urge you to apply.    Please join my staff tonight at the University of New Mexico’s Student Union Building, Ballrooms A&B, tonight, starting at 6pm in Albuquerque. On Thursday, my staff will be at Centennial High School in Las Cruces beginning at 6pm as well.    For more information, and to learn more about the process, watch this video below, and share it with others who would be good candidates. Thanks to all those who serve – past, present and future. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=academy_nominations
In honor of the National Park Service's 98th birthday, parks in New Mexico will have free admission on Monday! Whether you're a visitor a resident, I hope you'll take advantage of this opportunity to see up close New Mexico's special history, culture and landscapes - like our famous Chaco Culture National Historical Park.  Last year, visitors to New Mexico's national parks brought in more than $83 million in economic benefit to our state, supporting thousands of jobs and small businesses. Like this post and share it with others to support them, then make plans to get outside and visit! http://www.nps.gov/state/nm/index.htm?program=all
My office hosted a good discussion in Questa today about critical resources and information workers and community leaders can use as they rebuild the economy. Questa has depended on Chevron's molybdenum mine for generations, and its closure is a blow to workers, their families, and the whole region. I’m pleased that the Economic Development Administration has acted quickly to provide Taos County with $75,000 in funding for economic development planning, but this is just one step. I asked my office to host today's resource roundtable to help ensure federal agencies are meeting and talking directly with the community about what resources are available and how Questa can take advantage of them. This includes worker retraining, employment assistance and economic development planning — as well as ways we can enhance tourism, particularly on our nearby public lands. I'll continue to do everything I can for as long as it takes to help the community rebuild.
Good visit to Carlsbad last week to talk about how we can work together to safely reopen WIPP. I was pleased to bring U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz down to meet with citizens, local leaders and WIPP employees to see first hand everyone's strong commitment to WIPP. I appreciate Secretary Moniz's commitment to ensure the recovery and reopening stay on track, and that Carlsbad remains a key player in our national security.
Yesterday, I was pleased to welcome U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and local leaders to HT Micro in Albuquerque, a small business that has successfully transferred technology from our national labs into the marketplace and created high-tech jobs as a result. Through my ATTAIN Act and other actions, I’ve been pushing for the Department of Energy to improve its technology transfer program. It's a key way to help New Mexico build a strong high-tech economy that will create more jobs. My ATTAIN Act would help more innovators like HT Micro turn cutting-edge research into marketable products and businesses.
Happy birthday to New Mexico's own Smokey Bear. Thanks for 70 great years of preventing wildfires alongside our brave firefighters.
 Today, we had an opportunity to do right by workers in New Mexico and across the country by passing legislation to help build up communities and create jobs right here at home. The Bring Jobs Home Act would protect tens of thousands of jobs in New Mexico by eliminating a tax loophole that benefits companies moving offshore, and attract new ones by encouraging manufacturing growth and offering incentives for companies that create jobs onshore.   I'm disappointed that Republicans filibustered this bill and put partisan politics in the way of a common-sense proposal to promote fair policies that support our communities, and I'm going to keep fighting to do what's right for New Mexico through policies that will strengthen our economy and help middle class families.
Today I joined the Senate in voting unanimously to confirm Robert McDonald as the new secretary of the VA.   I met with Mr. McDonald to discuss the immediate need for changes within the VA so it can begin to regain the trust of the veterans it serves, and I urge him to move quickly to address these systemic problems and restore a culture of transparency and accountability. I'm optimistic he will be a strong advocate for veterans in New Mexico and across the country, and I look forward to working with him to help ensure our veterans receive the high quality care they deserve.   I also believe Congress must quickly approve bipartisan reform at the VA to help address the obstacles our veterans face as they try to access timely quality medical care. We have a duty to ensure that our veterans get the best possible care, and I hope we rapidly pass this legislation to give veterans in New Mexico and across the country better access to the medical care they have been promised.
My thoughts are with the Tularosa Basin Downwinders Consortium this weekend as they hold a candlelight vigil to remember those affected by the Trinity test site – the first atomic bomb explosion that took place in the Tularosa Basin. I'm grateful for the work of the Consortium, and I was humbled to say a few words about our efforts to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to recognize the Trinity site and include New Mexicans who have suffered for decades.
Today, I spoke out about the importance of helping communities in New Mexico -- like Questa, where Chevron recently announced it was closing its molybdenum mine -- to rebuild their economy and create new jobs. I recently visited Questa, and I'm fighting to do all I can to ensure it and communities across New Mexico have the tools they need to invest in their future and grow stronger. That's why I'm supporting the Bring Jobs Home Act to eliminate tax loopholes for corporations that move jobs overseas and help communities with a tax policy that builds them up. This is the kind of fairness folks deserve – in Questa, in New Mexico, and all across America.   Click here for more about what the bill would do and how it would help grow our economy.
People in New Mexico and all across the country know our campaign finance system is broken and failing. They also know that billionaires are corrupting our elections at the expense of middle-class families and the issues they face.   Today, I spoke out on another effort to restore integrity back to our elections. The DISCLOSE Act I'm cosponsoring would require practical, sensible and long overdue disclosure rules to crack down on "dark money" that is corrupting our government.   No matter what party you're from or what interest you represent – if you are spending money to influence our elections, you should have to disclose it to the American people. Click below to watch my statement and share it with others if you agree. 
Very pleased to see the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act signed into law today to open new opportunities for workers in New Mexico. This new law will help workers land good-paying 21st century jobs — while enabling employers to find the highly skilled employees they need to help them grow and expand their businesses. This bill is a critical investment in New Mexico’s workforce, and I was proud to work across party lines to get it passed for our economy. http://www.whitehouse.gov/ready-to-work
Last week's Job To Career Readiness Bootcamp workshop in Southern New Mexico was a great success, and I'm proud to partner with community leaders on the next one to help job seekers strengthen their interview skills and better prepare themselves to land a job.  If you're in the Las Cruces area and looking for a job, I encourage you to register for an upcoming workshop. If you know someone looking for a job, please share this link with them. Employers in the area are seeking to fill up to 1,000 jobs, and these events will help local residents obtain the skills needed to fill these positions. Click below and register today!  Special thanks to the Mesilla Valley Economic Development Alliance (MVEDA), Doña Ana Community College, and the City of Las Cruces Government. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/bootcamp/
Our veterans sacrificed for us without hesitation. They deserve nothing less than the best health care we can provide, Click below for an update on how I'm working for New Mexico's veterans.
Over the weekend, I met with workers and community leaders in Questa who are being affected by the Chevron mine closure. I was glad to hear from them directly, and to have a good conversation about how I can partner with the community to help workers and support the development of a post-mine economy in Questa. I'm working with local and federal partners to offer all the assistance we can, from employment training to strategies for locating new industries in the region.
For the past several months, New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their pictures to our #ShowcaseNM photo contest to showcase our beautiful state. Congratulations to New Mexico Highlands graduate Request Sigdel ­ his "Flower in the desert" from the Albuquerque Botanic Garden received the most number of your "likes" on Facebook. In second place was Karin Schuh for her stunning photo of the Organ Mountains in Las Cruces, and Paul Tashjian took third place for his excellent "Elena Gallegos May rain" taken on the Elena Gallegos Trail in the Sandia Mountains.   These photos and others will be showcased around my offices and through my online social media channels for everyone to enjoy. Thanks to all who submitted their photos, and to everyone who participated. Click here to view all the finalists, and share with others to help us #ShowcaseNM. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=more&id=2647
NA
New Mexico's VA is experiencing a crisis of confidence. We need new leadership here and in Washington, D.C., to begin to regain the trust of the veterans the VA serves. I had a good talk with VA Secretary nominee Bob McDonald today about the longstanding problems New Mexico veterans have faced — including high turnover of doctors at rural clinics, the difficulty accessing mental health care, and the lack of transportation options for rural veterans. We also discussed the very disturbing recent events at the VA, including the ongoing investigation into falsified schedules, and the emergency procedures at the Albuquerque hospital.   I emphasized the need to immediately restore a culture of transparency and accountability in New Mexico and nationwide. And I reinforced to him that we need a new director at the VA Medical Center in New Mexico who can immediately address these problems while being responsive to New Mexico's diverse and highly rural community of veterans. Bob McDonald is a veteran who has a strong record of corporate leadership, in which he has brought about the kind of management changes we need to see at the VA. I'm optimistic that he will be a strong advocate for veterans in New Mexico and across the country. And I look forward to supporting him during the confirmation process.
Today we had a critical opportunity to restore women's access to contraceptive health care, and to affirm that women's personal health decisions ought to be between a woman and her doctor -- without her employer's interference. Yet Republicans chose to protect corporate interests over women's rights to insurance coverage for legally guaranteed health care services.   New Mexicans know that a corporate CEO has no place dictating what health and family planning choices are best for a woman and her family. The Not My Boss's Business Act, which I cosponsored and supported today, deserves debate -- it's an opportunity to reverse the misguided Supreme Court decision in Hobby Lobby and stand up for the rights of women and families. This issue isn't over -- I will continue to fight to ensure women in New Mexico and around the country can access the important health care and preventive services guaranteed to them by federal law.
Thanks to Paul T for submitting this great photo of the recent rainfall in New Mexico. I'm grateful for the much needed moisture across the state. Stay safe everyone!
We’re in the home stretch of our spring #ShowcaseNM photo contest. Vote now by “liking” your favorite photos of New Mexico, and share with others so they can vote too. The total number of your "likes" on each photo will determine the winners, which will showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others across the state to see. Thanks again to everyone for participating!
The VA’s handling of the recent tragic death of a veteran in Albuquerque is appalling, and underscores the need for new leadership to correct poor management at the VA in New Mexico as soon as possible. This week I joined all of the members of our congressional delegation in urging the VA to respond promptly to our concerns and requests for more information so we can ensure our veterans receive the quality, timely care that they have earned. I'm going to keep pushing the VA to do right by our veterans and to restore the public’s confidence in its ability to provide them proper care.
Momentum for meaningful campaign finance reform continues to build as Americans in New Mexico and all around the country call on their elected leaders to get money out of politics and give elections back to the people. Today I was pleased to see the Senate Judiciary Committee approve our constitutional amendment, S.J. Res 19, so that voters and their elected leaders may decide how, when and why to regulate campaign finance.  When I first introduced my amendment years ago, there were only a handful of supporters – today we are up to 46 senators and counting. I appreciate the growing momentum – backed by your voices – and look forward to a vote by the full Senate. It's time for every senator to stand up and tell their constituents if they are going to defend a broken system that puts corporations and billionaires over regular voters, or if they want to return our government to where it began – of, by and for the people. Like this post and share it if you agree – it's time to get money out of politics for good.
Today I'm glad to introduce a bill to help small business federal government contractors in New Mexico access the tools, training and hands-on help necessary to diversify their businesses and create jobs. Small businesses are the foundation of New Mexico’s economy and make up 96 percent of our employers, and I'm committed to helping reduce unnecessary barriers so entrepreneurs can thrive. My ADAPT Act offers small businesses another set of tools to find new customers, expand their business and create good-paying jobs for hardworking New Mexicans. For more information about my bill click below:
Outdoor activities are an essential part of New Mexico's history and identity, and they help boost the economy of our communities by creating and supporting tourism and recreation jobs.   I'm pleased to see more than $500,000 is being awarded to New Mexico through the Land and Water Conservation Fund to support these activities – at no additional taxpayer cost. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue fighting to make this funding permanent to help create more outdoor recreation opportunities, to support our economy, and so New Mexicans can enjoy our state's beautiful open spaces for generations to come. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1710
Beginning July 16, I'm partnering on three Job To Career Readiness Bootcamp workshops in Southern New Mexico to help job seekers strengthen their interview skills and better prepare themselves to land a job. Employers in Doña Ana County are seeking to fill up to 1,000 jobs, and these events will help local residents obtain the skills needed to fill these positions. If you're looking for a job or know someone who is, I encourage you to visit the link below, share it with your friends, and register for a free workshop by calling 575-527-7538.  Special thanks to the Mesilla Valley Economic Development Alliance (MVEDA), Doña Ana Community College, and the City of Las Cruces Government for co-hosting. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/bootcamp/
Good to be with Southeastern New Mexico veterans and community members to cut the ribbon at the new VA CBOC in Artesia. I've been working hard to make sure veterans can get the care they have earned in the communities where they live, and I'm going to continue pressing the Senate to pass my bipartisan Rural Veterans Improvement Act to improve access to health care. I'm also very proud to support the work that members of the Southeastern New Mexico Veterans Transportation Network are doing, driving rural veterans hundreds of miles so they can get to doctors' appointments.
Last week I participated in a tour of FLETC and a briefing by officials on the status of the temporary family detention center in Artesia. This is a heartbreaking immigration crisis, and it was important to see up close the accommodations, and security that are in place while FLETC houses women and children undergoing removal proceedings. I'll continue working with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, FLETC, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials to make sure they are keeping local leaders and community members updated on the situation and to ensure the community doesn't bear the extra cost of housing these families.
I was glad to meet this past week with Carlsbad Mayor Janway and officials from the city, DOE and WIPP to talk about WIPP recovery funding, and WIPP's importance to national security and the local economy. We had a productive discussion that will help me fight for resources on the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court got it wrong. The Court's ruling in Hobby Lobby is a step backward for women's health and another disturbing decision in which the justices put corporate interests ahead of American citizens. Nearly every woman in the United States will use birth control at some point in her life. And regardless of her reasons, the decision should be between a woman and her doctor -- her boss shouldn't have anything to do with it.  In the coming weeks and months, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services will determine how to implement this ruling. I urge the administration to do so in a way that will allow women full access to needed health services. But this decision also reinforces why I'll keep fighting to ensure the Senate fills judicial vacancies with mainstream judges who share the values of New Mexico families -- not corporate interests.
As residents of a border state, New Mexicans understand the challenges we face in securing our border while also respecting that we are a nation of immigrants. They also know how critical it is for us to act to protect our nation, strengthen families and support our economy. Today marks a year since I proudly joined the Senate in passing comprehensive immigration legislation to humanely reform our immigration policy and dramatically improve our border security.  The newest immigration crisis we face at our border is heartbreaking - thousands of women and children seeking entry out of desperation and based on false information about our immigration policies. In the last two weeks, I've heard many of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives throw around blame for this situation without offering a realistic solution. The fastest way to clarify and enforce our laws is in their hands - passing the Senate immigration reform legislation. And I call on them to act urgently.
We're entering the second week of our spring #ShowcaseNM photo contest. Below are a few great photos submitted of New Mexico from all four corners – vote now by "liking" your favorite and sharing the album with others. The total number of your "likes" on each photo will determine the winners, which will showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others across the state to see. Thanks again to everyone for participating!
Today, I'm glad to report some bipartisan progress on a bill to help New Mexicans get back to work. Earlier, I joined the Senate in passing the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act - a bill I strongly supported to make much-needed updates to our job-training programs.   Not only will this bill provide investments to update and improve job and skills training, it will eliminate duplicative and outdated programs, all while giving states like New Mexico the funding and flexibility we need to cater services to our individual workforce.   This bill is just one way I’m working to help create new jobs and rebuild New Mexico's economy, and I'm very pleased we were able to come together across party lines to get it passed. Click below to learn more about what's in the bill, and share it with others to spread the word.
Since Citizens United, a flood of dark, secret money has been pouring into campaigns – and New Mexico voters deserve to know who's behind it. That's why I've introduced the DISCLOSE Act with my Senate colleagues – a bill that has received broad support from both parties and one that will help us restore Americans' faith in our elections again. There's a lot we need to do to fix campaign finance, and this bill is a strong first step. Like this post and share it with others if you agree – if you're spending money to influence voters, you should have to disclose it.
It's officially summer, and in New Mexico, that means it's time to enjoy our great outdoors. Being active outside is not only good for our health, it's good for our economy. In New Mexico, more than 70,000 jobs and $1.7 billion in wages and salaries are supported through the $6 billion that consumers spend on outdoor recreation.  Whether you're a visitor or one of the 65%+ New Mexico residents who participate in outdoor recreation each year, I hope you'll take advantage of all the opportunities our state has to offer – especially during Great Outdoors America week. Help me celebrate this week by liking this post, sharing it with others, then getting outside!
It's time to pick the winners for our spring #ShowcaseNM photo contest. During the past several weeks New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their best pictures to showcase our beautiful state. Vote now by "liking" your favorite photo in the album below, then share it with others. The total number of your "likes" on each will determine the winning photos, which will showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others across the state to see. Good luck and thanks to everyone who participated!
Creating the Open Burn Pit Registry – which launched today – took a lot of hard work by many people, but I'm especially proud of Albuquerque veteran MSgt. Jessey Baca and his wife Maria for their tireless advocacy on behalf of our service men and women.   Click here for the story of how they helped us create this registry and how they're helping countless families get the answers and care they have earned.
Today I'm pleased to report that the VA's open burn pit registry is up and running following many years of hard work on behalf of our veterans. I worked on a bipartisan basis to pass legislation and create the registry, and I pushed the VA to implement it so our veterans could receive an honest assessment of their health needs following exposure to toxic chemicals while deployed overseas.  If you are a veteran who served in Iraq, Afghanistan or the Southwest Asia, I encourage you to sign up for the registry. If you who know someone who served, please help me spread the word by sharing this information with them.
Today a Senate Judiciary subcommittee took the first step in a growing movement to reform our nation's broken campaign finance system. My constitutional amendment, S.J. Res 19, was approved  and will now head to the full Committee.    With more than 40 cosponsors in the Senate, backed by millions of your voices, we're making progress on getting money out of campaigns and ensuring our elections are of, by and for the people — not controlled by a few super-wealthy donors. Help spread the word by sharing this news today.
The VA is suffering from a systemic failure that is affecting the health and wellbeing of our nation's heroes, and it's clear we need action to restore transparency and accountability. The bipartisan bill we passed today is a strong step forward for New Mexico veterans that will shorten wait times, give the VA the power to remove senior officials for poor performance, and ensure veterans can receive care outside the VA if they need it. We still have a lot of work to do to ensure we're keeping our promise to our veterans. I'm going to keep working to get to the bottom of the problems in New Mexico and nationwide and ensure people are held accountable for their actions.
A key part of growing New Mexico's economy is making sure students and graduates have a fair shot at affording college without being crushed by debt. This week the Senate is set to vote on a bill I've cosponsored that would let students and their families with outstanding loan debt refinance at lower rates.   Click here to see how much money you'd save if the Senate passed our bill, and share it with others to support the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act:  http://democrats.senate.gov/student-debt-calculator/#.U5YDdy9Ddho
What's happened at the Department of Veterans Affairs is a betrayal of our veterans – men and women who fought for our freedom. Today the VA released a nationwide audit that found unacceptable wait times for New Mexico veterans and identified New Mexico as one state that needed a follow-up investigation.   These findings mirror complaints I have heard from veterans, family members and VA whistleblowers, and the audit again confirms that the VA has not been open and honest with the public or with me about systemic problems with patient wait times. As a result, I've joined a bipartisan group of senators in calling on the Department of Justice to take a leadership role in investigating possible criminal wrongdoing.   I'll continue to light a fire under the VA from the top on down to make sure we keep the solemn promise we made to our veterans to provide them with the best care possible. Click here for more information:
#PhotoFriday – temperatures are rising for summer, so it's time to wind down our spring photo contest. Submit your favorite photo to #ShowcaseNM at the following link, then stay tuned for the finalists and vote for your favorite! Thanks to R Sigdel for sending this great sunset from the Sandia mountains in Albuquerque. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasenewmexico/
Seventy years ago, Allied Forces landed on the beaches of Normandy. Today, we commemorate that historic battle, and the bravery, skill, and determination of the heroic men and women who served in World War II. The success of the Normandy invasion was due to the great courage and determination of many individuals and led to the liberation of France and eventual destruction of the totalitarian Nazi regime.   The heroes of D Day represent the best of us. They fought valiantly for each other and for the values we hold dear. Many of them, including from New Mexico, were killed or wounded during the invasion and in the campaigns to follow. In remembering their sacrifice, let us strive to be worthy of them every day.
It was my honor to pay tribute to Chester Nez, the last of the original 29 Navajo Code Talkers of World War II, on the Senate floor today.
Visiting Northern New Mexico Veterans at the WWII Memorial
The passing of Chester Nez is a solemn moment for the Navajo Nation, the state of New Mexico and our country, and my thoughts are with the Nez family. Like the code that helped win two world wars, Chester Nez's commitment to the United States was unbroken. He loved his culture and his country, and when called, he fought to protect both. And because of his service, we enjoy freedoms that have stood the test of time. As we mark Chester's passing, let us honor his memory with a renewed inspiration to preserve our Native languages, and rededicate ourselves to keeping alive the story of our Code Talkers and the patriotic spirit that has always run deep in New Mexico and our nation.
This morning, there will be an important hearing on my constitutional amendment to reform our nation's broken campaign finance system. With the recent actions by the U.S. Supreme Court, and the unprecedented amount of money in politics today, it's crystal clear we need to get money out and return our elections back to the people.   My amendment is simple: it will restore authority to the American people, through Congress and the states, to regulate campaign finance, and it would enable them to pass reforms that withstand constitutional challenges. If we don't act, wealthy individuals with unlimited cash will continue to drown out the voices of regular voters. Like this post and share it with others if you agree, we need to pass my amendment to ensure our government is of, by and for the people - not bought and paid for by secret donors and special interests.
Too many residents living on our border lack access to adequate health care and infrastructure. During a visit to Southern New Mexico last week, I met with community leaders to discuss how we can meet these challenges, and I also announced two bills that will help improve the health, security and economic well-being of our border communities.  I’m proud to work with the Paso del Norte Binational Health Council. And I will continue supporting primary care facilities like La Clinica de Familia to ensure people in Southern New Mexico have a safe and healthy community to live in. Click here for more information about the bills we're working on: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1672
Independent investigators at the VA are now confirming what I have been saying for weeks: that the problems at the VA are systemic and rooted in a culture that has rewarded cover-ups and cheating to the point of risking the health of our veterans. What I have heard from New Mexico veterans and read in the OIG report is a betrayal of the heroes who fought for our freedom. Today I’m submitting my first report to the OIG based on what I have heard from veterans who have contacted my office, and I'm also calling for Secretary Shinseki to step down to make way for new leadership that can restore accountability and transparency and ensure veterans in New Mexico and nationwide get the care they have earned.
Great to be in Santa Teresa to celebrate the grand opening of the new Union Pacific rail facility – a critical investment that is helping transform Southern New Mexico, grow businesses throughout the community, create jobs and strengthen trade with Mexico.  The new rail yard and the expanded Santa Teresa port of entry are creating opportunities for growth in Southern New Mexico and all across the state, and I was proud to help secure funding for these smart investments. The expansion created 3,000 construction jobs and another 600 permanent jobs. Today, Santa Teresa is home to over 60 trade-related businesses, employing more than 2,500 people. With Union Pacific’s intermodal facility and a top flight port of entry, there will be more on the way.
It is with a heavy heart that Jill and I offer our deepest condolences to the families of Aldo Leopold Charter School students Ella Kirk, Michael Mahl, Ella Myers and to Dr. Peter Hochla. Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families, their friends, and to the entire Silver City community during this difficult time. On behalf of all New Mexicans, we offer our support as you all work to heal from such a tremendous loss.
Enjoyed being with the Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce today to discuss our #1 priority – jobs. Our business leaders do the heavy lifting, creating businesses and bringing new jobs to the area, and I’m committed to working with them on partnerships and collaboration that will grow New Mexico’s economy. We still have a lot to do, but we can meet this challenge together.
Our state has a proud tradition of military service. Whenever our nation has called, New Mexico has answered. Some of those brave men and women have not come home -- they gave everything so that we may have the privilege of being safe and free. We mourn them, remember them, and on Memorial Day, we pause to reflect on their commitment and courage.
This is a great day for New Mexico -- thanks to so many New Mexicans who spoke up and worked hard, we have a new national monument - the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks. This will put the unique and spectacular desert landscapes of Doña Ana County on recreation maps around the world, creating jobs and bringing in millions of dollars in revenue. I was so proud to join Senator Bingaman, Senator Heinrich, Secretary Jewell -- and especially the many people of Doña Ana County who love Las Cruces's beautiful backdrop and wanted it protected for generations to come. Today we celebrate them.
Today, New Mexico will have a new national monument - thanks to thousands of you who worked tirelessly for many years. At 2 p.m. MT, I invite you to view the proclamation signing ceremony live online that will officially establish the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument at www.whitehouse.gov/live. If you're in the Doña Ana County area, you can join others for the event live at the Doña Ana County Government Center located at 845 N. Motel Blvd. in Las Cruces.  I'm honored to join Senator Heinrich, community leaders from New Mexico, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, and President Barack Obama for this historic day. This monument began with the people of Southern New Mexico, and the day belongs to you. Congratulations!
I’ve been pushing for an expanded investigation at the VA that is prompt and thorough. I’m pleased to report that this morning, I worked to help pass a measure in the Appropriations Subcommittee on Veterans Affairs to increase funding for the VA OIG to expand this work, and to halt salary bonuses for administrators while the investigation is ongoing.  I’ve heard from many veterans in New Mexico about this, and you can bet I’ll be following up on these serious allegations to make sure we get transparency, accountability and real solutions. Lives are at stake, and our veterans deserve much better than scheduling gimmicks to game the system.
After years of work by grassroots groups in Southern New Mexico, the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument will be designated this week, and I couldn't be happier. The newest national monument will put the unique and spectacular desert landscapes of Southern New Mexico on recreation maps around the world, attracting tourists to the region, creating jobs and bringing in millions of dollars in tourism revenue. I thank the thousands of New Mexicans who have worked tirelessly for many years to get us to this point. This monument is a reality because you spoke up and worked hard to get it done!
As we celebrate National Small Business week, I'm honored to recognize the over 150,000 small business owners across New Mexico, who create jobs and make up almost 96 percent of the state's employers. I'm also pleased to announce a new bill I've introduced to help build and strengthen New Mexico's small business community.    The Incentivize Growth Now In Tomorrow's Entrepreneurs (IGNITE) Act will help ease the challenge many entrepreneurs face accessing credit to pay the start-up costs associated with creating a small business. Entrepreneurs often resort to credit cards, home equity or their retirement savings to cover those initial costs. My bill would allow them to create tax-free savings accounts. For more about how this bill will help New Mexico small businesses, and more about the work I'm doing to help businesses expand, create jobs, and provide exciting new opportunities, please visit http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1661
As the FCC considers new net neutrality rules, I'm calling on the commissioners to protect free expression, competition and innovation online. I oppose adding Internet "toll lanes," which would drastically change the Web as we know it. I've heard from hundreds of you who want to ensure fair and open access, and I'm proud to be a cosponsor of S. 1981, "The Open Internet Preservation Act." As Chairman of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee, I'm going to continue pushing the FCC for a level playing field, and I will continue working to encourage broadband investment so people living in New Mexico can have equal access to the web and are not stuck in an Internet 'slow lane'.
Today I was proud to host New Mexico Wildlife Federation Executive Director Garrett VeneKlasen for a discussion on how the federal government can partner with local sportsmen and conservation leaders to support America's tourism economy, create jobs and protect access to public land for preservation and recreational opportunities.   New Mexico is the only state in the country with the word 'land' in its motto, and that's because we understand how important it is to our way of life. But the Land of Enchantment isn't just a slogan – it represents a unique history where access to land and outdoor activities like hunting and fishing shape both our identity and our economy. Garrett was an excellent spokesman for all New Mexicans who work to support our state's tourism economy and all of us who love the great outdoors. I  was pleased to host him and look forward to working with him to pass important federal policies that support economic growth in our communities, create jobs and expand outdoor recreation opportunities for visitors and citizens alike.
New Mexico is best when we are active and healthy. I've been a longtime advocate for more wellness education in our schools, and I'm working hard to support local communities as we partner to improve child well-being and fight high obesity rates. This is a shared challenge that requires shared solutions, and while we still have a long way to go, this challenge is being met by hard-working, creative people who are making a difference in our communities every day.    As part of my efforts to pass this bill, I'm asking communities in New Mexico to share stories of how they're using health education and PE to improve wellness and academic achievement. The PHYSICAL Act is all about empowering local schools, and your stories will help inspire others to develop activities that work best for them. If you're involved with successful physical education and health education in New Mexico schools, please share your thoughts on my website here and spread the word to others! http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/physical
Today I'm excited to announce that Dr. Oz, a renowned surgeon at Columbia University and host of the Emmy Award-winning television program "The Dr. Oz Show," has endorsed a bill I've been pushing to help get more health and physical education to our schools. As one of America's most trusted health experts, Dr. Oz understands the importance of physical activity and health education in helping students lead healthier lives and reach their full potential, and I'm grateful for his support of my PHYSICAL Act.    The bill is simple and wouldn't require any additional money – it would make health and health education eligible as "core" subjects, allowing local school districts to use existing resources to expand health and PE in their communities. It's an easy way to help teachers, schools and students increase the good work they're already doing and inspire others to do the same, and I hope we can get it on the books soon. Click below to read more, and spread the word if you think we need to support more health and physical education in our schools.
Education is one of the best investments we can make for New Mexico's future. College loans should open a path to a brighter future, not to a pile of bills with no end in sight. We need to ensure that financial barriers won't price young people out of higher education. Today, I'm proud to announce the introduction of a bill that would help thousands of New Mexico college students and graduates deal with the cost of student loan debt by allowing them to refinance their student loans at a lower interest rate. Last summer, I helped lead a bipartisan effort to prevent rates from doubling for new borrowers. But I've also heard from many students and families who are still struggling to pay off their existing student loans. The bill we introduced today will help them pay off their debt and get ahead financially. Click here for more information about our plan to control college loan costs and help keep college within reach for all students.
Our teachers do so much for New Mexico's students – in and out of the classroom. They are role models, mentors and supporters, and they work tirelessly to help students reach their full potential. I will always work hard to support our teachers, but sometimes, a simple thank you can go a long way. Today is National Teacher Day, and I hope you'll take the time to #ThankATeacher and tell your favorite teacher, past or present, how much he or she has meant to you.
#PhotoFriday: Springtime really brings out the color in New Mexico. Thanks to Karina for her photo "German Church in Alamogordo." Have a great photo of New Mexico to share? Upload it to my spring photo contest here, and yours could be featured for all the state to see: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasenewmexico/ #ShowcaseNM
Pleased to host two Pueblo leaders at the Capitol this week for a Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee meeting on economic development in Indian Country. Governor Torres of Isleta Pueblo and Governor Rivera of Pojoaque Pueblo joined us to talk about how we can strengthen our partnership with Pueblos to generate more jobs for tribal members and our entire state. I appreciate that they came to Washington to share their important insights on this issue, and I look forward to building upon the discussions we had to improve economic conditions for all our Tribes and Pueblos in New Mexico.
Following this morning's committee hearing on campaign finance reform, one thing is crystal clear: we need a constitutional amendment to reform our broken system. I'm pleased my amendment is up to 36 cosponsors, and I welcome the announcement that we will have a vote on it in the Senate this year. Like and share this news to grow support, and if you believe our government should be of, by and for the people – not bought and paid for by secret donors and special interests.
Today we had the opportunity to help kickstart our economy in New Mexico and across the country by increasing the minimum wage. Yet Republicans chose obstruction over a common-sense proposal to help families get ahead. A federal minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, would bring the wage to where it would have been if it had kept up with inflation. The thousands of minimum wage workers in New Mexico – many of whom are raising families – deserve better than a filibuster. While I'm disappointed in the filibuster of our minimum wage bill, I’m going to keep working until we get it passed.
Earlier this month, we saw the U.S. Supreme Court deal another blow to our democracy through its McCutcheon v. FEC decision. As I said at the time, McCutcheon should be the breaking point that forces Washington to permanently reform the campaign finance system. This morning, there will be a hearing before the U.S. Senate Committee on Rules and Administration on this very issue. I'm a member of the Rules Committee, and I'll be there to make my case for why we need to take action through my constitutional amendment, which would restore authority to the American people, through Congress and the states, to regulate campaign finance. Join the debate online during the live webcast using #backtothepeople, and share this with others if you believe it's time to put our elections back in the hands of 'we the people.' http://www.rules.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=CommitteeHearings&ContentRecord_id=3fb0fbe5-f5f6-4366-80fa-ab84c40746ff
Today I attended an important hearing before the Senate Appropriations Committee on leveraging federal investments in research & development to help start new businesses and create jobs in New Mexico. We have many world-class labs and entrepreneurs in our state, and we need to do all we can to help get their R&D to the private sector to grow our economy. That was the focus of my conversation with Energy Secretary Moniz, and the goal of my tech transfer legislation to help New Mexico lead the way in innovation. Click below to see more from the hearing, and how I’m pushing for more public-private partnerships for New Mexico.
Earlier today, I spoke on the Senate floor about why we need to raise the minimum wage to ensure New Mexico families get a fair day’s pay for a hard day’s work. I have heard from many New Mexicans about how important raising the wage is to them, and how it would give them a fair shot at a better life. As Liz from Albuquerque pointed out, our entire economy will be better off if wages keep up with inflation. As she said, we need to ensure working Americans can make a ‘living’ wage - not just a ‘minimum’ wage. Click below to watch these remarks and continue sharing to help me build support for this plan.
This week, we have the opportunity to pass legislation that would help get our economy back on track and give more New Mexico families a fair shot at making a good living. S.1737, the Minimum Wage Fairness Act, would increase the federal minimum wage to $10.10 an hour — bringing it to where it would be if it had kept up with inflation. I'm supporting it because at today’s wage, too many New Mexico families are left working two or three jobs just to pay rent and put food on the table. Click here to read more, and share this with others if you support raising the minimum wage and giving a fair shot to all New Mexicans. http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1632
Touring the Las Vegas veterans' clinic to find more ways we can overcome the challenges our veterans face in getting quality care at rural clinics. Our veterans have fought halfway around the world for our freedom, and we should go the extra mile for them. The Rural Veterans Improvement Act I've introduced will address many of the problems veterans face, such as the difficulty finding transportation to the VA hospital and high turnover among doctors and staff at rural clinics, and I'm going to continue fighting for more progress. The Las Vegas clinic is well-regarded, and we need to ensure all of New Mexico's veterans get the excellent care they have earned.
Very honored to participate in the ribbon cutting for the new Raton veterans' clinic this week. An upgraded facility has been needed for some time, and I was proud to fight alongside veterans in this community to get the project over the finish line. Improvements here will allow the clinic to increase its use of telehealth technology and reduce the distance veterans must travel for specialized care. All of our veterans in New Mexico deserve the best care possible - that's why I introduced the Rural Veterans Improvement Act, and why I'll continue fighting for adequate facilities, more staff and better services for our veterans all over the state and nation.
We've got deep agricultural roots in New Mexico, and I'm working with our farmers and ranchers to help encourage a new generation to carry on the traditions and maintain our farming industry. That's why I helped champion the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program in the most recent Farm Bill. Our state has a high percentage of farm operators over age 65. This program will help young farmers and ranchers establish themselves, and build operations on a sturdy foundation that will prepare them for future growth.   I'm pleased to announce grant funding is available for New Mexico organizations and people aiming to start farming or who have been farming or ranching for 10 years or less. Click below to learn more, and share it with others who may be interested in this great opportunity.
New Mexico has taken strong steps in fighting the prescription drug abuse epidemic, but we must keep it up. This Saturday, I hope you'll take advantage of National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day - a free and anonymous opportunity to get unused or expired prescriptions out of our medicine cabinets, off the streets and out of the hands of our children. Flushing them in the toilet or throwing them in the trash can contaminate our land and water supply, so it's especially important that we dispose of them safely.   To find the drop-off site nearest you, visit the website below, call 1-800-882-9539 for more information, and share it with others to spread the word in your community. Sites will be added daily.
All across New Mexico, we have men and women who have gained valuable skills in military service that can be applied to jobs in the civilian life. I have worked to help encourage businesses to hire and streamline the qualification process for vets to get good jobs and strengthen America's workforce, and I am pleased the VA has improved several existing opportunities, such as the new Veterans Employment Center.    If you're a veteran or military family member, I encourage you to explore this new online tool to search for both public and private sector jobs, and access free career tools like resume building, training and vocational resources and more. If you know of a veteran looking for work, please share it as well.
Big day for New Mexico! Today Silver City will be named the First Official Gateway Community along the Continental Divide Trail! The Continental Divide includes some of the most spectacular lands in North America. The trail crosses five states, including New Mexico, and is considered one of the greatest long-distance trails in the world. This new designation will bring new visitors to southwestern New Mexico and help boost our economy, and I congratulate Silver City NM Tourism and the Continental Divide Trail Coalition for making it a reality.
On Earth Day, let us be thankful for the natural wonders of our state and remember these wise words: "We have not inherited the earth from our ancestors, we are borrowing it from our children.”
Every year I have the honor of nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation's military service academies. I'm pleased to announce the nominating process is open and my office is now accepting applications. We'll also be hosting information sessions, including two academy nights this week -- Tuesday in Santa Fe and Thursday in Las Cruces -- for high school students and recent graduates who are interested in applying. For more, watch this video below or visit my website at http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/academy and share if you know someone who would make a good candidate.
Important tour in Southern New Mexico yesterday shows why we need to upgrade the congested Columbus Port of Entry. I took General Services Administration (GSA) Administrator Dan Tangherlini, whose agency oversees the port, down South to hear from locals why the expansion is critical to economic development in Southern New Mexico. Expanding the port will be a big boost to the area’s economy, all while improving traffic, safety and flooding issues for the community. I was glad to secure funding for part of the planned expansion as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, and I’ll be working even harder to get the project over the finish line.
Tom hosts the Women's Career Success Conference to help women in New Mexico enhance their careers.
It was a great hosting our first Women's Career Success Conference in Las Cruces yesterday to help women in New Mexico enhance their careers. We had a full day of workshops and speakers, including Major General Gwen Bingham of White Sands Missile Range and U.S. Small Business Administration Regional Administrator Yolanda Garcia Olivarez, who gave some inspiring speeches. When women succeed, New Mexico succeeds, and that’s what yesterday was all about. I appreciate all who came and all those who made it a success, especially the Doña Ana County government, AAUW, WESST, the USDA Rural Development Office and the Las Cruces Small Business Development Center.
Great visit to the Sandia Science and Technology Park today, where we toured an award-winning and job-creating small business made successful through technology transfer -- taking research from our national labs and applying it in the private sector. Applied Technology Associates (ATA) has added employees and recently completed a 26,000-foot expansion to its Albuquerque headquarters. We can build more innovative companies like ATA if we boost tech transfer efforts, such as through the provisions in my ATTAIN Act. I’ll keep working to help promote more of these public-private partnerships that create jobs in New Mexico.
Speaking to a packed house at the Economic Forum of Albuquerque about my #1 priority – jobs. We all know the recovery in our state has been way too slow, but I’m doing all I can to promote economic growth for working families, small businesses and our farmers and ranchers. New Mexico is at a crossroads now, and our path forward depends on governments and the private sector working together. That’s what our discussion was all about today, and that’s what I’ll continue doing as we work to grow our economy and create more jobs.
Productive visits with community and small business leaders in Northern New Mexico this week. After holding an economic roundtable in Española, Mayor Lucero, several economic development officials and I visited the small business "FLUTe" (Flexible Liner Underground Technologies), which makes environmentally-friendly products used in mapping ground water contamination and municipal ground water resources. FLUTe is innovation on display and it's growing jobs for the area economy. I'll continue working to support resources and policies so FLUTe and small businesses like it can keep creating jobs for New Mexico families.
Exciting grand opening at the Santa Fe Business Incubator – their new BioScience lab holds great promise for our economy. We have the best scientists in the world in New Mexico, and we have great entrepreneurs, but we must do more to develop technology transfer - a key economic plan I’ve been working on to support high-tech job growth.   The new lab is an example of how New Mexico isn’t going to sit back when it comes to creating more jobs and turning around our statistics, and I look forward to working with Los Alamos National Laboratory, the U.S. Economic Development Administration, the City of Santa Fe and private sector leaders from the National Business Incubation Association on growing more of these jobs every day.
Do you know the Gettysburg Address? I was proud to join other New Mew Mexico leaders and recite Lincoln's famous speech in celebration of the 125th anniversary. You can watch the video below, and "The Address" tonight on New Mexico PBS to learn more about why this speech still moves us today.
I was honored to host a roundtable discussion on improving child wellbeing in New Mexico with leaders on the ground who go to bat every day for our children and families. We all share the frustration that progress has not been made, but we are committed to ending the cycle of poverty. After today's discussion we're ready to roll up our sleeves and redouble our efforts to address the problems we face.
 Today I look forward to hosting an important discussion in Albuquerque on improving child wellbeing in our state. Children have to be a priority for all of us – at every level, and that’s why I’m bringing together many community partners like the United Way of Central New Mexico New Mexico Voices for Children and YDI to help examine what steps can be taken at the federal level to help lift children and families out of the cycle of poverty. I look forward to getting their insights, and will continue working to provide smart investments and solutions for our families.
Springtime flowers are blooming, and we're especially liking this flower in the desert taken by R. Sigdel at the Albuquerque Botanic Garden in our #ShowcaseNM spring photo contest. Have you taken a good picture of New Mexico this spring? Upload yours now at: http://tomudall.senate.gov/showcasenewmexico
The U.S. Department of Justice's report makes sobering findings about the use of excessive force and the lack of accountability and oversight at the Albuquerque Police Department, and it is a welcome step forward in a longer process. Click here for my full statement with Senator Martin Heinrich.
Great meeting with members of the NTCA - The Rural Broadband Association - including Baca Valley Telephone Co. in northeastern New Mexico, La Jicarita Rural Telephone Coop. in Mora, Leaco in Hobbs, and Penasco Valley Telecommunications in Artesia. These partners are so important to New Mexico, and I'm proud to support their efforts, especially by helping expand broadband and telecom services so we can create more jobs in rural communities.   They are also part of a great campaign to show why #ruraliscool and why rural communities are great places to work, learn, live and play - I hope you'll join them by visiting http://ruraliscool.tumblr.com/ and sharing it with your friends.
Equal pay for equal work should be a principle we all agree on, but today Republicans filibustered a bill that would have empowered New Mexico women with more tools and protections to fight for equal pay. A majority of the Senate supported the Paycheck Fairness Act, and we could have debated, voted and passed it, but Republicans chose yet another filibuster that hurts working families. The pay gap is hurting New Mexico's economy and New Mexico women. This deserves debate, and I'll keep working in the Senate to find solutions.
It's Equal Pay Day, but 50 years after the passage of the Equal Pay Act, New Mexico women still only earn 80 cents for every dollar men earn. This disparity is holding back the economy and our families.   I’m supporting the Paycheck Fairness Act in the Senate this week, and I’m going to keep fighting so all New Mexico women have a fair shot at success. If you agree with me that women deserve equal pay for equal work – help me spread the word by sharing this message with others.
I'm very pleased the Senate was able to step beyond partisan obstruction and vote to extend emergency unemployment assistance yesterday. Thousands of New Mexico families have struggled to find work in a tough economy, and for the last four months since emergency unemployment assistance expired, too many have also strained to pay for basic needs.  Now it's time for the House to do its part to help millions of unemployed workers across the country get back on their feet and pay for necessities while they look for work. Help me send this message to the House by liking this post and sharing with your friends.
Great meeting with New Mexico Military Institute students in my office this week for their Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs tour. Very proud of their service and leadership for New Mexico and the nation.
I joined the Senate Appropriations Committee because it put me in position to fight for New Mexico's priorities. I was proud to defend important New Mexico programs last year when our national labs and other critical areas were slated for budget cuts, and as we begin the process of planning funding for 2015, I wanted to give you an update on my work so far on several issues that have a direct impact on New Mexico communities. Click here for more information about the work I'm doing:
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of Fort Hood in the wake of yesterday’s tragedy. Our military community is strong and resilient, and our nation stands with them. Many first responders put themselves at risk to protect both our military members and civilians on the base that day, and we are all grateful.
On April 17, I'll be hosting a a Women’s Career Success Conference in Las Cruces to help New Mexico women enhance their careers. If you're a woman looking to start your own business, needing help improving your résumé, or simply considering a career change, I invite you to join me,  Doña Ana County, area employers, nonprofit organizations and federal agency officials for this exciting conference. Registration is free, but space is limited. For more information, please visit http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/womenssuccess and share this invitation with others.
This morning I'm pleased to report a bipartisan breakthrough on a bill to create jobs and revitalize communities in New Mexico and across the country. The BUILD Act promotes public-private partnerships to redevelop and clean up old polluted "brownfield" sites. Here in New Mexico, we have terrific success stories, like Albuquerque's Sawmill neighborhood, the Santa Fe Railyard, and our iconic Route 66. Reauthorizing the program holds great promise for New Mexico's economy.  I was proud to champion this bill with Senator Frank Lautenberg before he passed, and I hope we can get it through the full Senate soon. Click here to learn more about the bill and the hearing I chaired last year with Bernalillo County Commission Vice Chair Debbie O'Malley:  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1377
The U.S. Supreme Court’s decision striking down more limits on campaign donations is misguided and will allow a few wealthy individuals to flood campaigns with cash, drowning out the voices of regular voters.   Today I am calling on the Senate to support my constitutional amendment to allow Congress and the people, through the states, to regulate campaign finance. Click here to read more about my amendment, and share it with others to help me  spread the word so we can put elections back in the hands of American voters: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1329
This week is Southwest Wildfire Awareness Week, and I want to add my voice to state and federal partners who are sharing information to help protect your families and property from wildfires.   With historic drought and dry conditions heading into the windy season, the wildfire season is already starting, and I'll be working to ensure land agencies in New Mexico have the resources they need to prevent and fight wildfires. On the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll be pushing to ensure we have enough resources for both fire prevention and suppression, and I will continue working to ensure Congress budgets the funds we need for firefighters and equipment.   As New Mexicans, we all have a responsibility to keep our homes and communities safe by following basic safety tips. Here are a few resources: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1602
Today we honor the legacy and achievements of American civil rights hero, who dedicated his life to improving the lives of others. Through nonviolent means, César Chávez fought for human rights and justice, better working conditions and fair wages for farmworkers across the country. Chávez was deeply committed to hard work, perseverance, and ensuring that everyone has a shot at living the American Dream. His message remains poignant, and his fight for respect, human dignity and fair treatment for all still inspires people around the world.    Chávez's legacy lives on today through individuals in New Mexico and across the nation who work to improve their communities. May we continue to serve our communities, and work to achieve Chávez's vision of a country free from discrimination where everyone has the right to succeed regardless of his or her background.
NA
For the past several months, New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their pictures to showcase our beautiful state in winter. Congratulations to Julie Carter of Estancia – her beautiful picture of Carrizozo Peak near Nogal, N.M., received the most votes (determined by your "likes") out of the finalists! Julie's photo will be showcased around my offices in New Mexico, in Washington, and through my online social media channels for others to enjoy.  Thanks to everyone who uploaded their photos, and to all who participated. If you didn't get to upload yours, stay tuned for our spring contest. Click here to view all the finalists, and share with others to help us #ShowcaseNM: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico/
This week the Senate Appropriations Committee is holding key hearings about funding for federal agencies, and I'll be discussing New Mexico priorities with cabinet secretaries and officials from government agencies to get an update on several important issues I've been working on.   This morning I spoke with VA officials, including Secretary Shinseki, to follow up on work being done to improve care for New Mexico veterans. In response to my questions, VA officials reaffirmed their commitment to improving access to mental health services in rural communities, which is one of the things I call for in my Rural Veterans Improvement Act. I was also pleased to hear the VA is making progress in reducing the claims backlog, expanding telehealth services, and that it plans to recruit more doctors to rural areas. Click here to watch my video and share it with others to help me spread the word about improving care for our veterans.
Today I sent a letter to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) requesting an update on its plans to implement a law I wrote with Republican Senator Bob Corker creating the burn pits registry. We fought hard to pass this law for service members and veterans who were exposed to toxic chemicals from open-air burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan. I'm disappointed that the VA has not yet created the registry or provided the public with timely info about its process. Our veterans, Congress, and the public deserve to know why the registry has been delayed and when it will be completed, and you can bet I'll be following up again so our veterans and service members can get important information and the right treatment.
Great article by Lillian Bowe in the Portales News-Tribune noting Gender Equality Month - a reminder that we still have more work ahead to achieve equality in the workplace. New Mexico's economic growth depends on the success of women, and I think it's common sense that women should make equal pay for equal work.    But today, New Mexico women earn $.80 for every $1 men earn, and we see similar imbalances across the country. I have been a strong supporter of the Paycheck Fairness Act and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act — just to name two — to erase that pay gap, which is holding back our economy and holding back middle-class families. And I've been proud to host Women's Career Success Conferences in NM to help women job-seekers learn networking and career skills and get advice on starting a small business. Read more from the article, and share with others if you agree - when women succeed, New Mexico succeeds.
One week left to pick the best photo of New Mexico in winter for our #ShowcaseNM contest. Vote now by "liking" your favorite from the album below, then share it with others. Your "likes" will determine the winning photos, which will be showcased throughout my social media channels for others to enjoy. Thanks to everyone who has voted so far - stay tuned for your chance to upload pictures in a future contest!
You've probably heard the saying - everyone complains about the weather, but nobody does anything about it. We know we can't make it rain in New Mexico, but we can improve our response to drought conditions that are putting immense pressure on our farmers and community water systems. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I've been working with communities across the state to improve our water infrastructures.   Click below for more information on recent funding I helped secure and new proposals I've introduced to make every drop of water count for New Mexico communities.
Today I introduced a major bill I've been working on to get innovation from our national labs to the marketplace so we can help businesses grow and create jobs in New Mexico. Our state has all the ingredients to become a high tech powerhouse, and my new bill will help make that a reality. The bill cuts bureaucratic red tape and helps us do more with the current resources we have - maximizing the impact of federal R&D investments. The finest scientists in the world are doing cutting-edge research at our labs - if we can harness that amazing research by connecting innovators and entrepreneurs, New Mexico could lead the nation in high-tech business and innovation.    That’s what the #ATTAINAct is all about – getting innovation from the lab bench to the marketplace. Watch this video and share it with others to learn more about how we'll create well-paying, high-tech jobs here in New Mexico:
I'm very glad we were able to pass the Victims Protection Act of 2014, a bill to improve sexual assault prevention measures and response systems in the military. Our armed forces are the finest in the world; they deserve our pride and support, and the vast majority of the members of our military conduct themselves with honor and dignity. But reforms to the way the military handles sexual assaults are long past due, and the measures we passed today are a step in the right direction. Individuals who commit the horrible acts of rape and sexual assault should be held accountable, and victims should be able to find protection from their predators. That's what this bill does, and I hope the House will take it up soon for the victims and their families who have been traumatized by these terrible crimes.
In case you missed it, voting has begun in our #ShowcaseNM photo contest - a gallery of the best winter photos uploaded by people all across New Mexico. The number of "likes" on the photo will determine the winner, so pick your favorite and share with your friends! Thanks to everyone for participating, and stay tuned for information about future photo contests.
It's time to pick a winner for our #ShowcaseNM photo contest. During the past several weeks New Mexicans from all four corners have been uploading their best pictures to showcase our beautiful state in winter. Vote now by "liking" your favorite photo in the album below, then share it with others. The total number of your "likes" will determine the winning photos, which will be showcased throughout my website and social media channels for others to see. Good luck and thanks to all who participated!
I'm very glad the president's budget proposal includes a plan based on legislation I cosponsored to reform federal wildfire policy by funding major wildfires the same as other natural disasters. The change will also free up funding for fire prevention. Wildfires in New Mexico can be devastating, causing tragic loss of life and millions of dollars in damages each year. And after years of drought, they pose a greater threat each season. These changes could save billions in taxpayer dollars and help break the cycle of increasingly dangerous and costly fires.   I'll continue working to make sure we are doing everything we can to focus our resources on wildfire suppression and prevention. Learn more at: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1574
Today I met with Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to discuss the agency’s ongoing response to the incident at WIPP in Carlsbad. Senator Heinrich and U.S. Rep. Pearce joined me to reiterate how critical it is for the DOE to be as open and responsive to the Carlsbad community, where residents understandably are concerned about health and safety in the wake of the accident. We also pressed Moniz for details about DOE’s plan to re-enter the facility and for assurances that workers, their families and the community will not be disrupted while the facility is closed.    As the investigation continues into the accident at WIPP, it’s absolutely critical for DOE to be as open and transparent as possible with WIPP personnel and the Carlsbad community, and I'll continue pressing for more answers about the agency's response plan.
Excellent video by two New Mexico teens shows the importance of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and why we must fully fund it. Kudos to the New Energy Economy for helping put it together – please watch and share it with others!
I'm very pleased the president's budget includes full funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, an important policy for New Mexico's environment and tourism economy. LWCF has helped to ensure recreational access and to protect hundreds of special places across New Mexico — from national parks, like Chaco Culture National Historical Park, to state and local recreation sites, like Mesilla Valley Bosque State Park.   For decades LWCF has created jobs and helped drive economic growth while ensuring recreational access to and protection of key natural resources - at no additional cost to taxpayers - but it has never been allowed to fulfill its promise because Congress has raided it for other purposes.   This year's request is in line with bipartisan legislation I have long championed, which would fully and permanently fund LWCF, and I'll continue working with my colleagues to make this a reality.
The president’s budget is a statement of the administration’s priorities for the year to come, and overall, it contains good news for New Mexicans. It continues to roll back the devastating sequestration cuts that risked jobs and threatened our state’s economy. Fiscally responsible investments in innovation and manufacturing, improving education and training, pro-work tax cuts, and immigration reform will create jobs and strengthen our economy. I urge Congress to work together to make these investments a reality to help ensure a brighter future for New Mexico families.   The budget also includes solid funding for Los Alamos National Lab cleanup and has good news for wildfire response, which is critical as we anticipate another very dry year. In other areas, there is room for improvement. The president’s budget is just a starting point, and I will continue to fight for New Mexico's labs, bases, and other priorities as we consider his proposal in the Appropriations Committee.
With continued declines in snowpack and rainfall levels across the state, water conservation gets more important every day, and I'm doing all I can to help  our communities cope. That's why I fought hard for federal conservation grants to be included in the farm bill, and I'm pleased the USDA is following through on my request to make more assistance available in New Mexico.    Individuals, local governments, tribes, irrigation districts and acequias qualify for new conservation innovation grants, and I encourage all those who rely on a dedicated water supply to learn more and apply. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue working hard to make sure resources like these are reaching our communities.
It was great meeting with veterans from the Taos area over the weekend to hear their stories about challenges they've faced getting quality health care in a rural community. I recently introduced a bill called the Rural Veterans Improvement Act to improve access to mental health services, help veterans get transportation to far-away doctor's appointments, and prevent turnover among doctors and staff at our rural health care clinics. The meeting was a great opportunity to discuss how this bill can help our veterans. I look forward to working with my bipartisan partner Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada to grow support for it in the Senate so we can improve care for veterans in Taos and all across New Mexico.
Congratulations to Linda Santana of the Rocky Mountain Youth Corps in Taos for being recognized as one of the top AmeriCorps members in the country. I was proud to meet with her in Washington this week and proud of all the work she is doing to serve others and protect our environment in Northern New Mexico. As a sponsor of the Public Lands Service Corps Act, I strongly support providing more opportunities for young people to work and serve others – especially in our great outdoors.   Click here to learn more about Linda's work and share it with others to congratulate her on this great honor:  http://www.taosnews.com/news/article_a595bc7a-68ef-11e3-8f8b-001a4bcf887a.html
Winter looks great in the Wheeler Peak wilderness on this #PhotoFriday. Thanks to Ed for adding to our #ShowcaseNM photo contest. Upload yours now before the contest ends and the snow melts: http://www.flickr.com/groups/senatortomudall-showcasingnewmexico/
I've introduced a bill to address a major problem facing New Mexico families: lack of access to primary health care. My bill would encourage more nurses and doctors to live and work in rural areas and on Tribal lands, provide incentives for medical school graduates from rural communities to return home to work, and attract medical professionals from other states as well.  For generations, community doctors in New Mexico have treated entire families - delivering babies and healing everything from chicken pox to heart disease. These doctors help hold communities together, but now our state is facing a serious shortage of primary care providers in every county but Los Alamos.  Read more about my bill on my website at http://1.usa.gov/1bmUArW , watch this clip by KOB and share if you agree - no matter where you live in New Mexico, you should have access to quality, affordable health care.
Glad to join the Senate in restoring the cost of living adjustment (COLA) for working-age military retirees. I heard from New Mexico military retirees and their families about the importance of these benefits, and I urge the president to sign this measure into law as soon as possible. Repealing this cut was the right thing to do, and I am very pleased with the bipartisan vote to keep our promise to military families.
Today I spoke about an issue all too familiar to New Mexico veterans – the difficulty of accessing health care services in rural communities. I’ve talked to veterans from Chama to Carlsbad about the challenges they face – the hours spent driving, waiting and seeking care in VA facilities. I shared some of their stories on the Senate floor as I talked about my legislation to help ensure they can get the care they have earned.  I'm proud to introduce the bipartisan Rural Veterans Improvement Act on their behalf – to improve access to mental health services, help veterans get transportation to far-away doctor's appointments, and prevent turnover among doctors and staff at our rural health care clinics. Click below to hear their stories and help spread the word if you agree - our veterans have fought half way around the world for our freedom and we should go the extra mile for them.
Join me today in supporting Safer Internet Day to set a good example for children and encourage everyone to talk about ways they can prevent cyber-bullying. I hope all of us - government officials, parents, teachers and student leaders - will recommit ourselves to making safer spaces for youth online. We can do this by making our own online communications more positive while encouraging kids to do the same.   To learn more about the day visit http://saferinternetday.us/ or click below for some excellent resources on navigating the online world with your kids. Please help me share it and spread the word to others that bullying has no place in New Mexico, online or offline.
Yesterday, I was glad to vote take a first procedural vote for a bill to reverse the cut to the cost of living adjustment for working-age military retirees. I've heard from New Mexico families about the importance of this earned benefit, and I've been working from the beginning to reverse the cut. Passing a budget helped reverse the disastrous effects of sequestration on the military and their families and required many tough choices, but working-age military retirees shouldn't have to pay the price. These cuts never should have been made in the first place, and I'll continue working hard to restore the COLA.
Glad we've finally gotten some snow around New Mexico - thanks to Samuel and Gerard from Pecos for reminding us how great #NM looks in the winter. Upload your own photo at http://www.flickr.com/groups/senatortomudall-showcasingnewmexico/ #PhotoFriday #ShowcaseNM
Great visiting with members of the New Mexico Farm and Livestock Bureau today, especially the young leaders representing our state so well at the Young Farmers & Ranchers Leadership Conference in Virginia this weekend. New Mexico has a proud tradition of farming and ranching, and I am committed to making sure we are doing all we can to grow the economy in our rural communities. Passing the farm bill was an important part of this goal, and I look forward to continuing to work with them to expand opportunities for working families and future generations in agriculture.
Congratulations to the rising stars of the #NMWIT2014 Women in Technology Celebration in New Mexico, including the high school and college students who received top honors in Albuquerque today. Science, technology, engineering and math education is critical for the jobs of the future, and we must continue to support opportunities for young women interested in entering technology fields in New Mexico. I'm very proud of the New Mexico Technology Council for their work on the ground and proud to be a strong supporter of STEM education for our state.
Passing the farm bill yesterday was a long overdue step for New Mexico's farmers and ranchers, but we must keep working to keep our agriculture economy strong. Farm operators continue to be devastated by consecutive years of drought. I am glad the USDA is recognizing the need for federal disaster assistance across New Mexico counties. Today, USDA updated its information about which N.M. counties continue to qualify for drought-related disaster assistance from the Farm Service Agency, like emergency loans, which help producers cover losses and stay in business. Visit http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA for more information. A list of local offices by county in New Mexico is included below.
Today we in the Senate finally approved a new Farm Bill, which is major legislation for New Mexico. Farmers and ranchers from Portales to Lordsburg have told me how much they need certainty about prices and assistance to help them recover from historic drought & herd losses. I'm glad were finally able to come together in a bipartisan fashion to reauthorize programs that help New Mexico's rural communities and our state's overall economy. The Farm Bill helps almost every N.M. county provide basic public services and funds critical rural development grants that enable New Mexicans in our small rural communities to start businesses and become homeowners. It also increases support for New Mexico's specialty crops – like our beloved chiles and pecans – and helps expand the role of farmers' markets to get these products to more people. For more information on the farm bill and how it helps New Mexico, click here:
Congratulations to Deming's Marianna Wheeler and Yvonne Marquez on becoming new homeowners today, thanks to loans made possible by USDA Rural Development in New Mexico. This afternoon, the Senate will vote on the Farm Bill, which includes renewed funding for USDA Rural Development. Programs like new loans for homeownership help strengthen our families and our economy, and I’ll continue making sure they reach more places like Deming to improve the quality of life in our rural communities.
I'm pleased to announce critical funding to help New Mexico communities pay for services like roads, schools and public safety. I fought hard for PILT which stands for Payment in Lieu of Taxes – on behalf of New Mexico counties and local governments, many of which reached out to me about the importance of this program for our citizens. I have been working with a bipartisan coalition here in Congress to get PILT funds moving, and as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I will continue fighting for full PILT funding to support the quality of life in our local communities. Click here for an interactive map of PILT funding throughout New Mexico.  http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1535
I was proud to host Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell in Doña Ana County last week for a tour of the proposed Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument and a public meeting in Las Cruces. Click below to see a wrap up our visit and share with others the story of #OMDP4NM in the making.
Hosting a public meeting in Las Cruces on the proposed Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument with Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell and Sen. Martin Heinrich to hear directly from the community about their vision for public land management in southern New Mexico.
Like many New Mexicans, I’m frustrated by the tough economic recovery. People in our state are still working to pull themselves out of the recession. Now is a time for bold but practical ideas that will support middle class families and ensure they can afford to buy a house and educate their kids. I was pleased tonight to hear the president pledge to roll up his sleeves to make real changes to support the middle class.  More on my #SOTU statement below:
I was proud to host Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell in Doña Ana County for a tour of the proposed Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument. The visit included a briefing and tour of the U.S.-Mexico border by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol officials, a hike in the Sierra de las Uvas, a press conference and a public meeting in Las Cruces.
Very honored to be at the 18th Annual Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Community Commemorative Breakfast in Albuquerque. Today we remember a great leader and a great teacher in Dr King. We honor what he stood for, what he fought for and what he died for. We also remember all that remains to be done. On this day, let his memory once again inspire us, challenge us and move us forward.
Today I received an important commitment from a powerful Senate committee chairwoman to work with me on finding reliable funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes  (PILT) program, a critical source of revenue for local governments throughout New Mexico and the rural West.  In some of our counties, 70% of the land is federal, and because it can't be developed and it can't be taxed, the federal government makes payments in lieu of taxes to help compensate local communities. The program, which has been in place a very long time, is currently expired, but I'm fighting to get it fully funded in the future so our counties and local governments can continue providing key services like law enforcement, public safety, roads, education and health services. Click here to watch our discussion in the Senate today.
It's unacceptable that New Mexico families are yet again paying the price for Congress' dysfunction. I'm extremely disappointed that despite a number of attempts to work out differences, the Senate was unable to agree to extend emergency unemployment insurance for families who are still struggling as a result of the recession. Nationwide, there are still three people applying for every one available job opening. Here in New Mexico, unemployment is well above 6 percent - in some counties it's about 12 percent. Many are families with children, veterans, and workers who need time to get new skills training or further education to qualify for the jobs that are available.  Our recovery has been too slow, and emergency unemployment insurance is a lifeline. Cutting off this assistance when families and communities need it most will be a blow to our fragile economic recovery. I'm going to continue to work with both sides to find a path forward and put American families and our economic recovery first.
My heart goes out to the victims of the shooting at Berrendo Middle School in Roswell. The children, their families, and the entire school community continue to be in my thoughts and prayers. I thank all of the school and emergency personnel who responded urgently to the situation. I talked briefly with the mayor and the sheriff yesterday to convey my sympathies and told them I stand ready to help. New Mexicans come together in a tragedy, and we're all sending our support and prayers to the Roswell community. Please read and share these great resources from the New Mexico Human Services Department on helping children and families cope with times of disaster and tragedy.
Making government work for people in New Mexico and across the country has been a priority of mine since I came to the Senate. It was also a goal that goes back more than 60 years to New Mexico's former Senator Clinton Anderson. Click here for more on the progress we made this year from The Santa Fe New Mexican.
One year ago today President Obama signed a bill I wrote on behalf of New Mexicans to establish an open burn pit registry and help determine to what extent air pollution caused by open air burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan has led to medical conditions among service members. I advocated for this registry on behalf of Albuquerque residents MSgt Jessey Baca and his wife Maria, who have worked across the country to help other veterans who have been exposed. Click here for the inspiring story of how we got this law passed, featuring an interview the Bacas.
It's #PhotoFriday where we #ShowcaseNM through your excellent photos. Today's photo by Julie near Nogal in Lincoln County shows the beauty of New Mexico in winter. 
 
 View more photos from the contest and upload yours before the snow melts at: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico/
Today is the anniversary of President Obama signing a very important bill to New Mexico - the Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection Act. I was proud to sponsor this bill on behalf of Jayann and Dave Sepich of Carlsbad, who have worked tirelessly through their organization DNA Saves across the country to get it passed. There are more than 33 states that have a Katie's Law on the books, and since the bill was signed into law, many other states are working to set up DNA collection programs like New Mexico's to help catch dangerous criminals and prevent heartbreaking tragedies like Katie's from happening in the future. Click here to watch a video featuring an interview with Jayann Sepich, and share it with others to help her get the word out to all 50 states.
Great article in the Las Cruces Sun-News about the importance of the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program that helps many of our counties provide law enforcement, public safety, roads, education and health services to citizens. PILT offsets the revenue local governments can’t collect because of the amount of nontaxable federal lands within their boundaries. This is a critical source of funding, especially in big Western states, and I have been a strong supporter of PILT. Most recently, I joined with Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming to urge funding for PILT in the upcoming appropriations bill, and I look forward to working with all of our local governments to fight for full funding in the future.
I'm glad we're finally working with a bipartisan budget deal in Congress and hope we can come together for common-sense policies in the new year. But as we do this, we must start by fixing the reduction in retirement benefits and COLAs for working-age military retirees. I've also heard from New Mexico veterans and their families about the importance of these benefits, and I will continue to work to restore them. In December, I joined my colleagues in filing the Military Retirement Restoration Act to reverse the 1 percent COLA reduction for retirees, and today I filed an amendment to legislation on the Senate floor to pass the fix quickly. Click here for more information about our bill, S. 1844, and share it with others if you agree - our veterans should get the full retirement benefits they have earned after protecting our freedoms.
Did you know today is New Mexico's birthday? 102 years ago today we officially became a state. Click here for a great summary of New Mexico's quest for statehood at the New Mexico Genealogical Society, and share this with others to say Happy Birthday New Mexico!
 
 http://www.nmgs.org/artcuar7.htm
Thoughtful editorial by The Santa Fe New Mexican about the importance of extending long-term unemployment benefits. I am glad the first item of business when Congress reconvenes today will indeed be a vote on reinstating these benefits. I also agree that emergency help should not become an entitlement, but that this is an important bridge to help families get by. That's why I will be voting to extend these benefits to help the economy "with the added benefit of keeping children fed and families stable."
Happy holidays to our servicemen and women in New Mexico and around the world. To all those away from home this holiday season, thank you for your service and sacrifice.
Nothing says happy holidays like luminarias in New Mexico. Thanks to Hunter in Albuquerque for entering this picture in our photo contest.  #PhotoFriday.
As we close out the year, I'm proud to release a new episode of the “The Udall Update,” a public access TV program that provides you with an inside look at what’s happening in the U.S. Senate and how it impacts life in New Mexico. Featured in this episode are two "Sensible Solutions" I helped pass in Congress on behalf of New Mexicans, including the Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection, which is now law thanks to the tireless efforts of Jayann Sepich of Carlsbad. I also sit down with Albuquerque residents MSgt Jessey Baca and his wife Maria for a special interview about our work to pass the Open Burn Pits Registry Act for military families in New Mexico and across the nation. Click below to watch the entire episode, and visit the "TV Extras" page for extended interviews and additional footage from the show.
It was great meeting with members of the New Mexico Farm and Livestock Bureau at the U.S. Capitol this week. We talked about a number of ways to support New Mexico's ranching families, including a top priority for all – passing a new Farm Bill. Farming and ranching are a big part of our state's economy, and I'm pushing Congress to agree on a Farm Bill. I'm glad the House and Senate are close to an agreement on this and I look forward to its final reauthorization very soon – our farmers and ranchers have waited long enough.
Today's court ruling is a resounding victory for New Mexicans in all four corners who love one another and deserve to be treated equally under the law - just as our Constitution intended. Our country has come a long way in advancing marriage equality for all, and I am proud New Mexico is joining in that forward progress. I'm also glad the court has finally provided the legal clarity for the countless New Mexicans who have been in limbo for too long, and I congratulate all our families in New Mexico who will finally be treated with the respect and dignity they deserve.
I'm glad to see a bipartisan budget deal that replaces damaging across-the-board cuts with smarter alternatives that will support growth among small businesses, create jobs in New Mexico and avoid the devastating financial impacts of another government shutdown, however, I strongly oppose the reduction in retirement benefits for working-age military retirees.  That's why I am joining forces with my colleagues in the Senate to pass the Military Retirement Restoration Act to reverse the 1 percent cost of living adjustments (COLA) reduction for these retirees who have dedicated over two decades of their lives to protecting our freedoms.   Click below for more about the bill I introduced and share it with others if you agree our military service members should get the full retirement benefits they have earned.
Today my office will be hosting Udall Serving YoU office hours throughout Bernalillo County. If you're having problems with a federal agency, Udall Serving YoU open office hours are an opportunity to meet with my staff to discuss how my office can help. This includes help with veterans' and Social Security benefits, housing, immigration or passport issues, etc. For more click on the click below or stop by office ours in your community today!
Thank you to everyone who entered and spread the word about our photo contest - it's been an exciting week for showcasing New Mexico. Starting today, we'll feature one photo every week for "Photo Friday." This week's photo is from Joe Burton, who captured this shot in front of the Organ Mountains. Yesterday I was proud to introduce the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks national monument bill to protect the Organs so others can enjoy this beautiful landscape for generations to come.
 
 To join the photo contest and upload your photo visit: http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico/
Proud to introduce the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks Conservation Act today to preserve some of New Mexico’s most special places while promoting tourism and economic development in the region. A new Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument would generate an estimated $7.4 million in annual new economic activity, new jobs and other economic benefits for Southern New Mexico's economy. Share this infographic by the New Mexico Green Chamber of Commerce to show others how protecting this is good for business and good for our economy.
Today I'm proud to introduce the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks Conservation Act to preserve some of our state's most iconic landscapes, while boosting the region's tourism and outdoor economy, creating jobs and improving hunting and hiking opportunities. Designating a national monument would put the Organ Mountains and other spectacular areas of Doña Ana County on recreation maps around the world, attracting tourists to Southern New Mexico, creating jobs and bringing in millions of dollars in tourism revenue.  Click below for more information about our bill and help us grow the coalition for the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument.
I don't know about you, but I think New Mexico is the most beautiful state in the country. It's filled with diverse landscapes from mountains to forests to desert peaks and ancient rock formations that tell the story of our history and culture. Not only do New Mexicans enjoy taking photos of our great scenery in all four corners, we like to share them too. As the snow falls and we settle into winter, I'll be on the lookout for great photos of New Mexico to feature on my website and social media channels. If you have captured a great picture, please share it with me to help showcase New Mexico. You don't have to be a professional photographer – just have a good eye for capturing New Mexico at its best.  To submit your photo, visit tomudall.senate.gov/showcasingnewmexico
Organ Mountains. Photo by Patrick Alexander of Las Cruces.
It was great to be back in snowy New Mexico for the past two weeks. I had the opportunity to visit with many people across the state to talk about a lot of important issues, including one that is very important as we head into the holidays. Click here to watch this video about the Roadrunner Food Bank of New Mexico's Southern Branch in Las Cruces and the work they are doing to help fight hunger in Southern New Mexico. None of our families in New Mexico - especially working families - should go hungry, and as we resume work on the Farm Bill I will continue fighting against cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
I'm deeply saddened to hear of Nelson Mandela's passing. His inspiring personal fight to overcome oppression and his lifetime of crusading for justice transformed a nation and changed the world for the better. He taught that freedom and peace are best achieved through education and respect for everyone in society. We will best celebrate Mandela's life by honoring those lessons long into the future.
Because of the overwhelming response to our conference last month, my office is proud to host an additional Women's Career Success Conference in Albuquerque next week to help New Mexico women enhance their careers. We're bringing together area employers, nonprofit organizations and federal agency officials to offer personalized skill-building opportunities, career resources and training programs to help women strengthen their competitiveness in the job market. Space is limited, so please sign up today at the link below and share it with others who could benefit from this great opportunity.
Too many children in New Mexico will go to bed hungry tonight - and we have to do better for them. Earlier today, I toured the Roadrunner Food Bank's Southern Branch to highlight the important work the food bank is doing to fight hunger in Southern New Mexico, and to talk about my opposition to cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program proposed in the Farm Bill. We can't afford cuts while working families here in New Mexico are still struggling to put food on the table for their kids.
Small businesses are the heart of New Mexico's economy - did you #shopsmall today for Small Business Saturday? I visited Joliesse Chocolates in Los Ranchos de Albuquerque. Joliesse Chocolates received funding through USDA Rural Development, a program I'm proud to support as a member of the agriculture and rural development appropriations subcommittee.
As N.M. parents head to the stores to buy toys for their kids, it's important to know how to avoid hidden safety hazards. Today, CPSC Commissioner Marietta Robinson and Dr. Loretta Cordova de Ortega, head of pediatrics at UNM Hospitals, joined me for a discussion about toy safety - something I've been working on for many years. Small parts, powerful magnets, and expandable or inflatable toys like balloons all can be dangerous for small children. For example, if a toy fits in a cardboard toilet paper tube, it might be a choking hazard. Visit the CPSC for more information. http://www.cpsc.gov/en/Safety-Education/Safety-Guides/Toys/
It seems like every year around the holidays the competition for business heats up. This year I hope you'll join me in shopping at our locally owned businesses in New Mexico on Small Business Saturday. Small businesses have been the foundation of our communities since our nation’s beginning, and they are a driving force behind our economy all over New Mexico. This weekend presents a real opportunity to support our locally owned businesses and the people behind them. Like this post and share it with others to spread the word about Small Business Saturday in your community.
Today we remember the life and legacy of President John F. Kennedy. A half century after his death, our nation still feels a profound loss. My father served as Secretary of the Interior for President Kennedy and shared many great memories with the president and his family. He also served during a historic time for conservation and the environment, especially in the West, and for civil rights throughout our nation.   Though we look back on this time as an era that ended too soon, I am encouraged to finish the work they started. Today, let us honor President Kennedy's memory by rededicating ourselves to the public good, and carrying out a more functioning government for all Americans.
Today we took an important step to changing the way we do business in Washington. I've been fighting to reform the Senate since my first day here so we can end the constant obstruction and return to a government that works for the American people. This change finally returns the Senate to the majority rule standard that is required by the Constitution when it comes to executive branch and judicial nominees. And it prevents a minority from delaying them indefinitely. That is how our democracy is intended to work.  New Mexicans - all Americans - are tired of the gridlock in Washington. The recent filibuster of three D.C. Circuit nominees over the last four weeks wasn't the beginning of this obstruction. It was the final straw in a long history of blocking the president's nominees. Doing nothing was no longer an option. It was time to rein in the unprecedented abuse of the filibuster, and I'm relieved the Senate took action today.  Watch my video from a rally today in the Capitol, and share it if you agree – we've had enough of the filibuster and it's time to move on with our democracy.
I began calling for reforms to fix a broken Senate four years, and I'm sorry to say little has changed. This morning I spoke on the floor with my colleague Senator Jeff Merkley once again about ending this dysfunction and gridlock in Washington. This isn't just about a filibuster, rules or parliamentary procedure, it's about having a government that works and is delivering for the American people. Watch our exchange and share it if you agree - we needed rules reform at the beginning of this Congress, and we need it now.
When Congress negotiated sequestration, we hoped to protect the most vulnerable individuals in our nation, but in Indian Country, we fell woefully short of that goal. Today I discussed the damaging impact sequestration cuts are having on our tribal communities during a hearing of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs.   You can watch my full statement here:
Today is a special day to remember all the men and women of our armed forces who have fought to keep our nation free. We have a proud tradition of military service in our state, and I am proud to join New Mexicans and all Americans to honor their sacrifice.
  
 As long as I have the privilege of representing our veterans, I will never stop working to ensure they receive the benefits they have earned, and the support they deserve. To all the veterans in New Mexico and those serving around the world, and to your families, thank you for your sacrifice to our state and our nation.
In honor of Veterans Day, entrance fees are waived at all National Parks and National Forests this weekend. While access to many of these areas are already free, now is a great time to explore some of New Mexico's treasured lands. For a list of National Parks and monuments in the state, visit: http://1.usa.gov/hFmJJd
 
 Information on the five national forests and the national grassland in New Mexico is available at: http://1.usa.gov/1hVWwrn
Today I was in Los Lunas visiting the First Choice Community Health Clinic, where important work is being done to combat the abuse of prescription drugs. New Mexico has one of the highest prescription drug overdose rates and is facing an epidemic that has moved from the streets to our medicine cabinet and into the hands of our children. Fortunately, the work being done by experts in our state and partners on the ground can be a model for the rest of the nation, and I'm committed to working with them to stop this epidemic. Click here for more info about my bill, and share it with others to spread the word.
Good news. Today the administration announced final steps to improve insurance coverage of mental illnesses. The law was established by the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, a bill I fought to pass, alongside former Senators Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici, while I was still a member of the House of Representatives.  This important law ensures New Mexicans and others around the nation aren’t denied access to health care providers for mental health treatment, no longer face unfair co-payments and deductibles, and unreasonable limits on the number of visits for treatment. We must continue expanding mental health care to those who need it, especially our veterans struggling with PTSD. Today's actions are another critical step to making this a reality.
Today I was proud to join my colleagues in a strong bipartisan vote to approve the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. Our nation was founded on the promise of fairness and equality, and passing this legislation reaffirms the Senate’s commitment to those values.   In New Mexico, we are proud of our diverse people and also our work ethic, and we believe individuals should be judged on their ability to do their job and their performance, not by anything else. We also have a strong history of protecting human rights, which is why we've had a similar state nondiscrimination law on the books for 10 years.   The private sector also knows how important it is to have anti-discrimination policies in place to attract top talent in the workforce. As we continue growing our economy, we must make sure everyone has an opportunity to earn a living and support their families without fear of being fired, harassed or denied a promotion just because of who they are and who they love. The House of Representatives now has an opportunity to do the same, and I hope they will put politics aside and vote on it soon.
My office is pleased to host an upcoming Udall Serving YoU open office hours in Los Alamos today. Staff will be available at the Betty Ehart Senior Center on Wednesday, Nov. 6, at 11 a.m. If you’re in Los Alamos County and need assistance with a federal agency, I encourage you to come by so we can review your case and find out what help might be available. Click here for more information:
On November 14, I'm proud to host the Women’s Career Success Conference with the The Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce to help New Mexico women enhance their careers. Click below to learn more and join us for this free conference:
The Senate took an important step today toward protecting LGBT Americans from workplace discrimination. Clearing a major procedural hurdle with a bipartisan filibuster-proof vote shows the progress we've made in the Senate and in our country. I am proud to be a cosponsor of ENDA because New Mexicans and all Americans should be able to work without fear of being harassed, being denied a promotion or losing their jobs just because of who they are.
  
 This bill is about fairness, and it strikes the right balance between job protections while providing certain exemptions for small businesses and religious organizations. I look forward to the debate this week, and hope we end up with another historic, bipartisan vote to pass this important legislation.
Congrats to Holloman Air Force Base for receiving the Air Force's Commander-in-Chief's 2013 Installation Excellence Award. So honored to represent one of the best military bases in the nation and proud of the innovative Airmen serving there. Your energy and fuel savings are an example to the nation! Best of luck in the next round.
Fall is a special time in our state. This week, in addition to Halloween, many New Mexicans participate in Dia de los Muertos/Day of the Dead, All Saints' Day and All Souls' Day. What are some of your customs for these sacred days?
This week I am proud to cosponsor the USA FREEDOM Act to end the dragnet collection of Americans' phone records, restore their privacy rights and require greater oversight, transparency and accountability in the government's surveillance laws.  In 2001, I voted against the Patriot Act because I believed it was hastily written and had the power to undermine the constitutional rights of our citizens, and unfortunately we now know that those concerns were justified. We can protect our national security and our constitutional rights, and the USA FREEDOM Act is an important step toward striking that balance.  Click below to learn more about the bill – which has the diverse support of groups from the NRA to the ACLU, and bipartisan support in the House.
Good news - yesterday President Obama approved disaster assistance for New Mexico and Santa Clara Pueblo to help recover and rebuild from the September floods. I urged the president to respond quickly to the state's request, and I'm glad to see federal aid is on the way to help repair roads, bridges, dams and other structures.   I've heard from New Mexicans all over the state about the catastrophic flooding and damage that hurt many communities, and I saw the damage firsthand in Catron County last week. New Mexicans are resilient, and we will rebuild stronger than we were before. But I'm going to keep working to ensure the federal government fulfills its obligations to help with restoration in New Mexico's communities.   Click here to learn more about the declaration for Catron, Chaves, Cibola, Colfax, Eddy, Guadalupe, Los Alamos, McKinley, Mora, Sandoval, San Miguel, Santa Fe, Sierra, Socorro, and Torrance counties, as well as the Santa Clara Pueblo.
Today I'm proud to reintroduce a bill Renewable Electricity Standard (RES) bill that would create almost 300,000 jobs, reduce pollution and save taxpayer dollars in New Mexico and around the nation. The bill would boost our efforts to generate more electricity from wind, solar and other renewable sources by 2025 and reduce our dependence on foreign fossil fuels, all while spurring private investments in state economies.
  
 I first introduced an RES bill in 2002 in the House, and since joining the Senate I have continued fighting for this policy because it is the best way to help America lead in the global clean energy economy. New Mexico already has an RES, which has helped create jobs and diversify our energy portfolio. A national RES would help revitalize our rural communities by providing billions in local tax revenues and lease payments for farmers, ranchers and other landowners. I’ve long fought for a ‘do it all, do it right’ energy strategy, and I will work to pass a national RES into law so we can get America running on more homegrown clean energy. Like this post and click below to find more about our bill:
 
 http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1463
The September storms were devastating to many communities in New Mexico, including Catron County, where I viewed flood damage yesterday. My visit to Glenwood came one day after I led our state's congressional delegation in urging the president to move quickly to ensure New Mexico gets the necessary support for cleanup and repairs. And I will continue doing everything I can to make sure the federal government responds to our needs.
Great conversation with the staff at the Catron County Medical Clinic in Reserve. Community health clinics like these are so important to preserving the quality of life in rural New Mexico, and I am committed to doing everything I can to support their work, whether it's recruiting more primary care providers or expanding telehealth opportunities so rural residents can get the care they need closer to home. Dr. Nebblett, Administrator Estrada and their team are doing great things for small communities all over southwestern New Mexico and we must ensure they have the resources to maintain and expand their work.
Very glad to see all the progress being made at Silver City's Vistas de Plata affordable housing complex - and that federal support I helped secure is making a real difference for working families in New Mexico. They are making their new homes on the rightfully named "Camino de Sueños." I'm thankful for local officials, Habitat Humanity and USDA Rural Development staff for helping making it a reality.
This week, I met with some impressive students at New Mexico Tech to talk about the importance of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education for our state's economic future. It was inspiring to see these N.M. students excited about math and science and to visit their freshman engineering lab for a hands-on demonstration. I'm proud to work with N.M. Tech and to support resources to increase the number of STEM grads in New Mexico. Math, science and engineering skills are critical for well-paying, high-tech jobs of the future.
Beautiful sunset in San Juan County outside Farmington. #NewMexicoTrue
Yesterday I was proud to visit the Shiprock community to follow up on an exciting broadband project that is helping bridge the digital divide on the Navajo Nation. I met with the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority (NTUA) and toured a state-of-the-art data center, which provides “cloud computing” services for area businesses. The Navajo Nation is leveraging a $32 million American Recovery and Reinvestment Act grant that I helped support to expand broadband Internet and create jobs and economic development across its land in New Mexico, Arizona and Utah.  
 
 Broadband Internet enables people to access education, health and job opportunities that were once out of reach. I'm proud to fight in the U.S. Senate for resources to expand broadband access in Indian Country and throughout New Mexico.
Touring the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority's new tier 3 data center and following up on a $32 million recovery grant to expand broadband Internet access throughout the Navajo Nation.
Last week, I was proud to return to New Mexico to deliver the keynote address at a special U.S. Citizenship & Immigration Services (USCIS) naturalization ceremony in Albuquerque. It was an inspiring ceremony, held at the South Broadway Cultural Center. We welcomed 68 New Mexicans representing 29 countries as they took the oath of allegiance to our country. Each of them had proudly fulfilled the requirements to become citizens. Click here for more: 
 
 http://www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=1457
I'm glad cooler heads are prevailing with a bipartisan deal to reopen the government and ensure we can pay our bills on time. It's time to return our focus to our priorities: rebuilding our economy and getting the American people back to work.  The agreement will restore pay for federal employees who were furloughed through no fault of their own, resume benefits processing for veterans and seniors, reopen our national parks that provide economic benefits to our communities and let the important work of New Mexico's labs continue.   This senseless shutdown caused hardship for New Mexico communities. Americans deserve better than the partisan gridlock they have seen in Washington, and I'll continue working with my colleagues to make sure we get back to the regular order of passing a budget on time and preventing these manufactured crises.
I'm very grateful to the law enforcement officers who acted quickly and professionally during the incident near the Capitol this afternoon. The Sergeant at Arms reports that an officer was injured, and he's in our thoughts and prayers. This incident was a vivid reminder of just how important our first responders are to the safety of communities all across our country, and as always, we're so thankful for the work they do to keep us safe.
Today I was so pleased to meet with an impressive group of WWII veterans visiting their memorial from New Mexico. They are truly the greatest generation, and I was honored to talk with them and thank them for their service to our country.
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are currently closed. This includes my offices in Albuquerque, Carlsbad, Las Cruces, Portales, Santa Fe, and Washington, D.C. Unfortunately, while the government is shut down, we will be unable to respond to phone messages. You may continue to send general comments through my "Contact Tom" page, but please note the response time will be significantly delayed. There will also be a temporary delay in all Udall Serving You services, including casework, help with federal agencies, meeting requests, etc. General information about government operating status and resumption of normal operations is available at USA.GOV and at my website below.  I have repeatedly called for a solution to this unnecessary shutdown and will continue working for a bipartisan agreement as quickly as possible.
Today I wrote the Federal Trade Commission asking it to investigate a scam targeting New Mexicans, including restaurant owners and small businesses. So far, over 130 people have reported getting calls from scammers claiming to be from PNM and demanding immediate payment or threatening to cut off a customer's electricity. PNM is warning its customers every way it can, but I've urged the FTC to take aggressive action to protect our consumers as well.  I've worked to crack down on telemarketing scams since I was New Mexico's Attorney General, and I’m going to continue working to ensure consumers in New Mexico and across the country are protected against consumer fraud. Please visit the following site and share it with other PNM customers to help spread the word.
Today I voted with the majority of the Senate to prevent a shutdown of the federal government. It's now up to the House to determine whether to hold the government hostage over a political fight that was settled in the last election. Shutting down the government is serious business, and it would hurt New Mexico especially hard.  Congress can't keep governing like this. Funding the government in short-term bursts is doing real damage our national security, our economy and our families. Watch my comments and share if you agree – it's time for Congress to stop playing partisan games and start working together for all Americans.
The House Republicans' plan to shut down the government over Obamacare is reckless and would only harm New Mexico. It would mean an end to federal assistance for flood and storm recovery, halt pay for military families, delay new applications for Social Security and veterans' benefits and so much more. I’m pretty tired of these threats, and I know New Mexicans are too. We should be concentrating on getting health care to our citizens, not playing politics with the past. I will work with anyone to make the health care law better, but too much is at risk for New Mexico if we shut down the government, and I'll continue working to find a common sense solution.
To celebrate National Hispanic Heritage Month, I am proud to recognize the tremendous contributions of Hispanic Americans in New Mexico and across the country. New Mexico enjoys a rich Hispanic heritage that goes back over 400 years, and I'm honored to represent the diverse cultures of our state in the U.S. Senate. Click here to read an official statement I submitted to the Congressional Record, and share it with others to celebrate with me.
Today I was glad to lead our congressional delegation in urging the federal government to take quick action on New Mexico's requests for disaster assistance as a result of severe flooding that took place in July. Unfortunately, severe flooding has continued, and as we deal with the aftermath, I will be paying close attention to future disaster requests and will do everything I can to ensure our communities can get assistance they request to rebuild.
Today I’m proud to celebrate Constitution Day by honoring the world’s longest surviving written charter of government and the freedoms it guarantees us. While we reaffirm our appreciation today, we should always remember to uphold the wisdom of our founding fathers, from respecting our rights to privacy, abiding by the separation of powers and protecting our civil liberties. “We The People” are stronger when we remember our history and we should encourage every generation to learn more about these ideals so they can carry them into the future. Click here to read the Constitution and share it with others to celebrate.
Cutting the ribbon to celebrate the launch of the REDI Middle-Mile Broadband Network (REDI Net), which will serve over 120 community institutions and thousands of end users in Rio Arriba, Los Alamos and Santa Fe counties. Photo courtesy of: Toby Kessler / Cimarron Images.
NA
As New Mexico faces extreme drought - and flooding like we’re seeing this week - we should do more to build smart water efficiency systems. This will help our cities and towns conserve energy and use less water while saving taxpayer dollars and creating jobs. Click here to read more about three common-sense proposals I offered today to do this, and share them if you agree - we can't afford to continue wasting water or money.
Four reasons why I voted "no" in Syria, and why I continue to oppose military strikes, from my USA TODAY op-ed. Thank you for backing me up on this issue and helping me make these simple arguments to others.
Have you ever had a cell phone call dropped in rural New Mexico? Soon your calls may become clearer, thanks to our work pushing the FCC to ensure big companies no longer discriminate against calls in rural areas. Today I chaired a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on this issue and received word the FCC is taking action to ensure all rural Americans will get better services. Also, too many New Mexicans lack quality cell phone and Internet services, and I am committed to closing that digital divide. Here's more from our hearing, and the work I've been doing on this issue:
Today we pause to remember those who lost their lives and honor the brave men and women who were called to duty that fateful day. We commemorate those who sacrificed all to make our country safer, and recognize those who continue to serve in New Mexico and around the world.   As we look back on the last 12 years, we can be thankful that we are now winding down the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, but we must remember that much work remains to support our armed forces, military families and our veterans.   Today we also pay special tribute to our emergency personnel and first responders who keep us safe in our own communities. After the recent deaths of firefighter Token Adams and the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots, New Mexicans are especially mindful of — and thankful for — those who risk their lives to protect us every day. We will never forget them.
The single greatest reason Bashar al-Assad has been able to remain in power is that he is receiving support from outside governments, including Russia. I have consistently said that the only viable solution is to bring international pressure on Russia and other governments aiding Assad to force them to do the right thing. While we must take a ‘trust-but-verify’ approach, the developments of the last two days are evidence that an international diplomatic solution is still possible – and military strikes are not the only option. I am pleased to see that the president and some of my colleagues who have argued for imminent military strikes are now calling for time to pursue diplomatic options.  I hope the Russians are serious in their proposal – we have good reason for skepticism. As the Senate considers resolutions to resolve the crisis in Syria, we must keep up the diplomatic pressure to ensure Russia follows through on its commitment. Resolutions that would escalate the situation toward military action are reckless and risk dismantling the delicate international agreement. The American people have spoken clearly that they want this problem to be solved without the United States involving itself further in another Middle Eastern civil war. We should listen.
As the debate on Syria heats up in Washington, I spoke on the Senate floor today about the need to work with the international community to resolve the crisis there. I'm horrified by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's use of chemical weapons against his own people, but I believe U.S. military strikes could make the situation there even more violent, and that's why I will continue to oppose military action.   Russia and Syria have taken steps that indicate an agreement to destroy Syria's chemical weapons arsenal may be possible. This is evidence that international pressure is working, and we must continue pushing them to do the right thing. Watch my comments for more and share this if you agree - a military strike in Syria is the wrong response in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Yesterday I was on Meet the Press live from Albuquerque to talk about my opposition to military strikes on Syria and why we shouldn't get involved in another Middle Eastern civil war.
Hosting a workforce roundtable at UNM-Gallup to talk with local health care experts about how to create partnerships and help meet the demand for health care jobs in Western New Mexico.
Visiting the Pine Hill and Ramah communities to celebrate the expansion of rural and Native economic development projects.
Each year I look forward to Fiesta de Santa Fe. Hope everyone enjoys The Official Burning of Zozobra tonight - stay safe as you say goodbye to Old Man Gloom!
Great to be back in New Mexico, where we're working on seeking solutions to our record drought. Today I was proud to participate in the "Transformational Solutions for Water in the West" conference at the The University of New Mexico - UNM as a moderator and speaker. We have to be creative and find new solutions to meet the challenges of water shortage in our state and all across our country, and today's conference was an opportunity to talk about how we can work together to meet this goal. Special thanks to the Atlantic Council and Sandia National Labs for putting on a great event.
This morning I spoke with NPR Morning Edition on my vote against the authorization for use of military force in Syria. Click here to listen and share the interview with others if you agree - a great country like ours should only go to war as a last resort.
Today I voted no against the Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) against the government of Syria. While I am horrified by Bashar al-Assad's use of chemical weapons against his own people, I still believe this proposal is the wrong course of action for the U.S. and our military.  We know that what the administration is proposing won’t provide us assurance that Assad will not attack again or ensure his regime will not retaliate, and it may draw us further into the Syrian civil war. We should listen to New Mexicans, who are skeptical of more wars. To all those who called, wrote letters, sent emails, or posted Facebook comments and Tweets, thank you for speaking out. I have heard your message loud and clear about the stress this puts on our economy and our troops.  And as I said yesterday, I remain concerned that we have not sufficiently made our case internationally. Just as the president is stronger with congressional support, we are much stronger with international support. We should not enter into a conflict until we’ve exhausted every diplomatic and international option. We have not done that, and that's why I voted no. Click here to watch my full statement at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee today, then like this post and share it with others if you agree - we cannot afford another conflict that leaves the world less stable.
This afternoon, I'll cast my first vote in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on the authorization for the use of military force against the government of Syria to respond to use of chemical weapons. You can watch the business meeting live at the following website beginning at 2:00 p.m. ET/12:00 p.m. MT.
There are several troubling questions that need to be answered on Syria. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I had an opportunity to ask some of them today at our hearing on the authorization for use of force. Click below to watch my exchange with Secretary Kerry, Secretary Hagel, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Dempsey. We had a long and thoughtful debate today and will continue tomorrow morning with classified briefings.
Today I am returning to Washington attend the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the situation in Syria. As a member of this committee, I look forward to a thorough debate and encourage you to watch it live beginning at 12:30pm MT. I have been skeptical of the administration’s policies regarding Syria to date, and I share the view of many New Mexicans who have expressed deep concern about becoming involved in another Middle Eastern war. At the hearing, top administration witnesses will testify, and we will begin debating the authorization for use of military force in Syria. Thank you for expressing your views with me on this important issue – keep them coming as the debate continues.
The President must continue to make his case to the Congress and the American people, and I look forward to the debate we will have before any further action is taken. In the meantime, I will be evaluating the evidence and policy options as well as listening closely to the opinions of New Mexicans. Below is a public, unclassified summary of the U.S. Intelligence Community's analysis of what took place in Syria. I encourage all New Mexicans to read it and share their views with me about the situation as we prepare for a debate and vote in Congress.
The President's decision to seek congressional approval for military action in Syria is the right call and one I have consistently advocated in accordance with our Constitution and the War Powers Act. The use of chemical weapons by Assad and his regime is deplorable and deserves our condemnation, but in a representative democracy, it is the duty of the U.S. Congress to approve any military action that would enter our armed forces into hostilities overseas where there is not an imminent threat to our national security. I have worked with members of both parties in the Senate, through legislation and the appropriations process, to ensure the president seeks congressional approval before U.S. military force is used, and I will continue to assert that Congress must approve any force that places our service members into hostilities.
Tonight my office is proud to host another Military Service Academies Night for students, parents and young adults interested in serving our nation. One of my duties as U.S. Senator is nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation’s academies, and if you are a high school student or recent graduate who is interested in serving our country at an academy, I urge you to apply.   Please join my staff tonight at The University of New Mexico - UNM Student Union Building, Ballrooms A&B, starting at 6pm. We frequently hold Academies Night throughout the state, and you can always contact my office for more information. In the meantime, learn more about the process by watching this video below, and share it with others who would be good candidates. Thanks to all those who serve – past, present and future.
Fifty years ago, Martin Luther King Jr. offered a moral vision of what our nation could be, with a dream that inspired us to move mountains toward the promised land of equality. Because of his courage and the resolve of so many, the promise of America continues to move forward.  But Dr. King also reminded us that social justice is a work in progress. Fifty years since the march on Washington, we again are considering the issue of voting rights, and I call on citizens and government leaders at all levels to protect and enhance—rather than curtail—the right to vote.   I look forward to a new era in which we work to overcome today's injustice and inequality; where we honor Dr. King’s legacy by providing economic opportunity in all our communities, and by expanding the American dream to all who work for it; where we stop bullying in schools and unequal justice on tribal lands, and end conflicts between borders; to create a world where we work shoulder-to-shoulder nationwide for equality, just as we strive to do in all four corners of New Mexico.  Dr. King challenged us to not give up on that dream. Today, let us remember his words, and work together to achieve it.
I have been hearing from New Mexicans all over the state about problems with behavioral health services as a result of recent changes in Medicaid providers. Today, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) will hold a listening session so New Mexico residents can share their experiences about the disruptions in services they have been having.  The listening session will be held from 1:30 p.m. to 3 p.m. today. Consumers should call 1-877-267-1577, and enter meeting ID: 991 002 456.  Please note this call for New Mexico residents who have had specific problems with the recent change in Medicaid service providers. If you are have general questions about Medicaid or Medicare, feel free to call my offices and we will do all we can to help.  In the meantime, click below for more information on the listening session from the New Mexico Human Services Department.
In celebration of the National Park Service's 97th birthday, Carlsbad Caverns National Park will offer free general entry to the caverns on Sunday, August 25. The park also will offer a special temporary exhibit and activities for visitors on Sunday, including a free National Park Service-themed scavenger hunt.
 
 Entry into the caverns begins at 8:30 a.m. The last entry via the Main Corridor is at 3:30 p.m. and last entry into the Big Room via elevator is at 5 p.m. Visit nps.gov/cave or call (575) 785-2232 to find out more.
 
 Take advantage and see one of the great wonders of the world this weekend, or any of New Mexico's 13 National Parks!
Attention students: are you interested in a fall internship? My offices in Santa Fe, Portales, Carlsbad, Las Cruces and Washington, D.C., are currently accepting applications for the fall 2013 semester. An internship is a great learning experience and a terrific way to serve the people of New Mexico. Click below for more information about the application process and share it with others if you know a good candidate!
Kudos to the Amarillo VA Health Care System for its work to end veteran homelessness. Great to see how the HUD-VASH vouchers can make a real difference in the lives of our veterans. 
Yesterday I paid a visit to the Clovis CBOC where I visited with Andrew Welch, director of the Amarillo VA Health Care System, and Commissioner Sandra Taylor-Sawyer about veterans’ care. There I got to see telehealth in action, which allows the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to provide veterans’ with services like skin screenings in their own communities. Expanding these types of health care offerings has huge potential to improve our veterans’ care and reduce costs.
Today, Be-Neen-Ta-Tso (August) 14th, is National Navajo Code Talkers Day. As many New Mexicans know, the Navajo Code Talkers were a special band of warriors who translated an unbreakable code using the Navajo language to help the U.S. win World War II. Today we honor their legacy and say thank you, #CodeTalkers, alive and beyond, for your service to our country.
Meeting with students and ENMU Ag Department officials to follow up on renewable algae-based feed research for cattle that could have economic benefits for New Mexico's rancher and dairy communities.
Cutting the ribbon to celebrate the opening of my Eastside office in Portales, serving Colfax, Curry, De Baca, Harding, Quay, Roosevelt and Union counties.
I hope you'll join me today for an open house at my new Eastside office in Portales. If you live in Roosevelt, Curry, Quay, De Baca, Harding, Union or Colfax Counties, the office is ready to serve you. You don't have to have to travel to Washington, D.C. for help - you can get it right here in Eastern New Mexico. Having an office located in Portales will help me keep a close ear to the ground on issues that are important to these communities, like agriculture, rural development and water issues - especially as we face this severe, historic drought. Most importantly, the new office will provide more local assistance to Eastside residents who are having issues with federal agencies. Click here for examples of the Udall Serving YoU services offered by the Eastside office, and join me in Portales to learn more!
The sign says it all: General Aviation equals New Mexico jobs. I was excited to join the General Aviation Manufacturers Association rally earlier today, and I am committed to ensuring Congress works with the aviation industry and entrepreneurs so they have the support they need to create jobs in New Mexico. The general aviation industry is growing rapidly in Albuquerque, and our state is well-positioned to be a hub for aviation innovation. And more aviation = more jobs and a better future for our state.
New Mexico is well-positioned to build on the cutting-edge research being done at our national labs, universities and military installations and turn it into high-tech jobs in communities across our state, but improved coordination between government and private enterprise is critical. That's why I was proud to host a conference at Santa Fe Community College (NM) this morning on how technology transfer is the key to New Mexico's future.   We brought together some of our state's sharpest minds to talk about how we can better facilitate public-private partnerships at the federal, state and regional level, and I also announced legislation to help create high-tech jobs and industries in New Mexico by streamlining the process for getting cutting-edge research and development from our state's universities and national labs to the marketplace.   From a new ultrasound technology that can be used to screen for breast cancer, to a device that tests for biotoxins, our labs and universities are already a launching pad for revolutionary new products. If we can harness that potential, our state can lead the nation in high-tech innovation. Click below to read more about the exciting opportunities #techtransfer can bring to New Mexico.
It was a pleasure welcoming Chief Erik Litzenberg of the Santa Fe Fire Department to my office today. He was here at the U.S. Capitol participating in the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change and how it affects fighting fires in New Mexico and the west. I am thankful for Chief Litzenberg's efforts keeping Santa Fe and the surrounding communities safe, and will continue doing all I can to make sure our firefighting personnel have the resources they need to protect New Mexico from devastating wildfires.
Interesting tour at The Bioscience Center in Albuquerque today to meet with entrepreneurs and discuss supporting startups and the biotechnology sector in New Mexico. The BioScience Center is a business incubator that assists the development of new companies. It's the only one in New Mexico focused on nurturing bioscience through exciting collaborations with our labs, universities and businesses. Their work includes everything from finding safer ways to detect breast cancer with fewer false results, to developing new waterproofing technology. These are the kinds of public-private partnerships we must support to grow New Mexico's economy. I look forward to working with these innovative entrepreneurs and helping them build on their success through my position on the Senate Appropriations Committee and more. Thanks to Stuart and Lisa for a great tour.
Congratulations to Rio Arriba County for making this terrific video featuring local citizens, families, and employees of local businesses, made by local filmmakers and musicians. Some of northern New Mexico’s most beautiful scenery is also showcased, including the Red Rocks in Abiquiu, the Rio Grande River between Velarde and Dixon, the Tierra Amarilla Courthouse and more! Makes me even more excited to travel there on Saturday. Watch this video and share it with others to show another example of how great New Mexico really is.
What do the Santa Fe Railyard, Route 66 and Albuquerque's Sawmill neighborhood have in common? They were all revitalized thanks to the Brownfields program, which helps communities clean up and transform formerly polluted land. Yesterday, I was proud to chair a hearing on this program. I invited Bernalillo County NM Commission Vice Chair Debbie O'Malley, Smart Growth America and others to testify about how we are restoring previously unusable land while creating hundreds of jobs in New Mexico. We can do even more with the bipartisan BUILD Act, which I introduced to keep this excellent partnership going. Learn more below:
The Department of Veterans Affairs is currently seeking input from veterans about a questionnaire that will be used to create the Open Burn Pit Registry. The registry will enable the VA to better help veterans with health concerns resulting from exposure to toxic chemicals and fumes from open-air burn pits used by the military in Iraq and Afghanistan.    I have been working with the VA to make sure it has the registry up and running expeditiously, and to ensure it meets the needs of our veterans. If you or your loved one were impacted by open-air burn pits, I would encourage you to provide feedback to the VA so our veterans get their information into the registry more quickly and accurately.   Below you can access the draft questionnaire and learn how to submit comments by the August 20, 2013, deadline. Your feedback will help patients, doctors and the VA determine to what extent air pollution caused by open air burn pits has led to medical conditions among service members.   I was proud to work with Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) and bipartisan congressional leaders to get the bill creating the Open Air Burn Pit Registry signed into law, and I look forward to seeing it through for our veterans. Just as they have answered the call of duty for our country, we must answer their call for the information and treatment they have earned. In the meantime, please share this post with other veterans to let them know about the progress.
Secretary Hagel: Shut down the use of burn pits in Afghanistan. That is the message I, and my colleague Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), delivered in a letter to the Secretary of Defense. We wrote Secretary Hagel in response to a recent Inspector General report that found burn pits at two camps in Afghanistan are being used to dispose of daily waste — while newly purchased incinerators are going under-utilized. Not only does this waste millions of dollars in taxpayer money, it presents long-term health dangers to our service members and many veterans, such as MSgt. Jesse Baca of Albuquerque. Many of these men and women have already experienced the effects of breathing toxic smoke from burning waste. I was proud to work with Senator Corker on this issue. Together, we succeeded in passing legislation earlier this year that will create a burn pits registry to ensure veterans who have been exposed can begin to get the treatment they deserve. Click here to read more about our request to Secretary Hagel, and share it with your friends and family if you agree the use of toxic burn pits must be halted.
New Mexicans know green chile is one of the best things on earth, but sometimes we have to remind others. Our famous food is competing for "Best Iconic American Food" by 10Best Readers' Choice, but needs your help to take #1. Vote below and share it with others to support New Mexico green chile!
Great to be in Torrance County today visiting Titan Aerospace, a company that has been adding jobs after recently moving its headquarters to Moriarty to research and build solar-powered satellites. I enjoyed our visit with Titan's CEO, Maximus Yaney, and their employees, especially seeing up close the satellites that span the length of an Olympic-size swimming pool. Titan is doing great work, and I look forward to partnering with them to grow New Mexico's high-tech economy. Before visiting Titan, I attended a ribbon cutting to mark the completion the initial phase of Plateau Telecommunications’ broadband fiber optic ring that will enhance Internet access in Central and Eastern New Mexico. The project is a result of economic development funding I supported. I also spoke at a luncheon hosted by Estancia Valley Economic Development Association. Throughout the day, I really enjoyed talking to small business leaders and others about how we can partner to grow the economy and create good-paying jobs.
Please help me cheer on David Garcia, a sophomore at The University of New Mexico - UNM who is riding his bicycle from Boston to Florida to raise awareness for autism. You can follow David's 1,500-mile trip on his Bike Across America For Autism page, and share it with others to build support for David and all those affected by autism. Have a safe ride David, and thanks for all you are doing!
Did you know New Mexico’s small businesses are almost 96 percent of our state’s employers? Their success is key to improving our economy, and that's why I've introduced two measures to help create more jobs in New Mexico. One would increase contracting opportunities for small businesses, especially those that are women- or veteran-owned, and the other would help reform the tax code by simplifying the filing process for small business owners. These bills are the result of conversations I've had with small business owners from across New Mexico about ways the federal government can streamline contracting and reduce unnecessary red tape to help them create jobs. I'm proud to be introducing these bills today that will help small business leaders grow our economy with good-paying jobs. Click here to read more about my efforts:
Today I was proud to host two New Mexico chamber of commerce leaders — Alex Romero of The Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce and Laura Sanchez of the New Mexico Green Chamber of Commerce — at the U.S. Capitol for a discussion on job creation and economic recovery.
 
 Our state is still facing tough economic times, and I am working very closely with the private sector in New Mexico to put us back on a path to creating more good-paying jobs. Our business community is full of ingenuity, and I was glad to showcase that during our meeting. Leaders like Alex and Laura provide valuable resources to job seekers, workers and businesses every day, and I'm doing all I can to make sure the federal government is supporting their efforts as we continue to strengthen New Mexico's economy.
Today I'm pleased to say Senate Republicans agreed to end their filibusters of several presidential appointees for key positions protecting consumers and working families. The agreement is a very positive breakthrough, and their confirmation is good news for consumers and the health and well-being of families across the country. This deal should help solidify that 'obstruct and delay' can't be the norm in the Senate any more. I hope that this deal represents a new spirit in the Senate - that my colleagues will no longer unnecessarily hold up the business of the American people for partisan gain as has been the case with these nominees and so many other issues. The Senate's issues with obstruction go further than just presidential nominees and I'm putting my colleagues on notice: If the Senate goes back to ‘business as usual' and endless filibustering, I will be back fighting harder than before for reform.
I have said for a long time: the Senate is a graveyard for good ideas, and the shovel is unprecedented abuse of filibusters. We need a government that does its job, but that’s not possible without leadership. Today I returned to Washington to make the case that we should end gridlock and fix the Senate. When the people elect a president, they give him or her the right to select a team to govern. I do not believe the Constitution gives me the right to block a perfectly qualified nominee, no matter who is in the White House. I say that today and I will say it if I am in the minority tomorrow. President Obama has nominated highly qualified nominees to serve in executive agencies, and he deserves to have an up or down vote on them. Too many months and years have gone by, and too much work is left undone. The American people deserve better than this, and so do the people of New Mexico. Watch my video and share it if you agree – it's time we end gridlock in Washington.
During the 4th of July work period, I was glad to travel through eastern New Mexico and talk with local leaders, farmers and ranchers and small business owners about how I can work with them as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee to improve economic conditions in our rural communities. From Tucumcari to Raton, I heard about the incredible need for affordable housing and community development projects, the desperate situations our farmers and ranchers are facing during the drought, how we can care for our veterans, and most importantly, how we must support our small businesses to create jobs and help our communities thrive. I look forward to continuing the partnerships we are forging as I keep fighting for New Mexico priorities in the Senate. In the meantime, you can click below to see more photos and read about the trip.
Congratulations and thank you to Goodwill Industries of New Mexico, Mesilla Valley Community of Hope and New Mexico Veterans Integration Centers for receiving a combined $1.9 million in grant funding to provide services to veterans in 26 New Mexico counties who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless. Homelessness among veterans is a serious problem that we must solve, and I am pleased to see funding go to three excellent partners on the ground who are working to help our veterans. It's especially important to ensure services are in place as more of our military men and women come home to New Mexico from serving overseas. As a a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, I won't stop pushing to ensure the federal government is doing everything it can to help provide access to housing, employment and other essential services in their communities after defending our country around the world.
Dave Cargo holds a special place in our state and in our hearts. He was much more than New Mexico’s youngest governor, he led our state with uncommon gifts, and he had a compassion for people that knew no bounds. He was bold, he was visionary, and he was always willing to reach across the aisle. Dave governed our state during a time of great turbulence, and he did so with a composure and wisdom far beyond his years. He was a friend of New Mexico, and a friend to each of us. And like any good friend, he made us better for having known him. Jill and I will miss Dave, and we extend our sincere sympathy to the Cargo family.
Today I was back on the Senate floor calling for an end of the unprecedented obstruction in the Senate and the need to confirm presidential nominees. The last election is behind us, and it's time for us to move forward and govern. If we let the obstruction continue, middle class families will be left unprotected in key agencies that are crucial to upholding environmental safety, labor and consumer rights. Watch my video and share if you agree – we have to do the people's work and #FixtheSenate
I'm disappointed the Senate again failed to move forward on a bill to prevent interest rates from increasing on new undergraduate Stafford loans in New Mexico and across the country. Today after the vote, I urged the Senate to act before our students go back to school this fall, noting the serious consequences it has for students in our state. Watch my speech below and share it with others if you agree - New Mexico students shouldn't have to pay the price for Washington's inability to act.
On Wednesday a representative from my staff will be in Albuquerque to offer help with federal government issues. If you have a pending case with a federal agency and need assistance, my staff and I may be able to help communicate with the agency, inquire about the status of your case, or obtain additional information.  Look for our table at state Senator Michael Padilla's job fair tomorrow, Wednesday, July 10, from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM at Harrison Middle School Gymnasium, located at 3912 Isleta Boulevard SW.  For the job fair, interested job seekers should bring a resume or a list of all past employment, contact names and numbers, and other pertinent job history information. For more information about help with federal agencies, visit my website below:
As I return to Washington this week, I'll be fighting to keep student loan rates low for New Mexico students and families. It's unacceptable that Congress last week let the rates double on new federal student loans. The cost of tuition is already rising too quickly, and the last thing we should do is balance budgets on the backs of New Mexicans who want to make a better life for themselves through education. One Las Cruces mom who went back to school last year as an adult summed up the dilemma. She already has a teenager in college and a mortgage to pay, but, she told the Las Cruces Sun-News: "I have no choice but to continue with my student loans if I ever want to make more than $10/hour!" Are you a student in New Mexico who relies on federal loans to pay for education? If so, how would this rate increase affect you? Tell me your story in the comments section and share this post if you agree - we need a long–term solution to the skyrocketing cost of college for students in New Mexico.
My family and I are moved by the overwhelming support and condolences for my cousin Randy Udall. He was an extraordinary person who touched so many lives with his spirit, his intelligence and his example. His death is a tremendous loss, and we will miss him more than I can express. There was no one like him.  Randy and I were especially close. We shared a love of the mountains and a passion for the wonders of the West, particularly the Wind River Mountains where we hiked and fished together nearly every summer for three decades. He died doing what he loved, and that is a blessing.
Thanks for everyone's well wishes and prayers about my cousin Randy. Officials are searching hard - I appreciate their efforts and your support very much.
Touring Cimarron Solar in Colfax County to talk about how New Mexico can be a model for the country in renewable energy development.
Visiting Main Street business Solano's Boot & Western Wear in Raton.
Visiting Main Street business Sports Arena before hosting a rural development roundtable with local leaders on workforce training, infrastructure and housing needs.
Santa Fe Fire Department’s Atalaya Hand Crew is a strong, courageous unit that has been battling the Tres Lagunas and Jaroso fires here at home. They also fought the Thompson Ridge fire alongside members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots, who lost 19 of their own this weekend in a fire outside Yarnell, Arizona. New Mexicans are so grateful for their assistance and our hearts and prayers go out to the loved ones of those who were lost. As we remember the sacrifice of the 19 who gave their lives this week, we'll be doing everything we can to support all the firefighters battling dangerous fires in our state and around the nation.
Discussing agriculture, housing and rural development issues with local officials and residents.
Meeting with Union County leaders to discuss veterans' issues, rural health care and water and wastewater systems.
In Tucumcari touring the Dr. Dan Trigg Memorial Hospital and discussing rural health and telehealth issues.
Meeting with Quay County officials to discuss economic growth in New Mexico's rural communities.
Today the Senate has passed historic comprehensive immigration form in a strong, bipartisan vote of 68-32. I voted to approve it because I believe it will secure our borders, strengthen families, and support our economy. I carefully considered this bill and offered amendments to fight violent crime and drug trafficking on the border while expanding economic development opportunities at our ports of entry. I’m disappointed the amendments were not included, but this is a good bill that speaks to the best of our traditions and values and will help fix a broken system.  I am proud to come from a state where immigrant traditions are part of our identity and we celebrate our diversity. Native American, Hispanic and European traditions are folded into our culture and make our state the most special place in the country.  Today’s vote was historic, but there is still a long way to go before we can implement reform. I call on my colleagues in the House of Representatives to take up this bill or pass their own, and I hope the full Congress will build on the bipartisan spirit we saw in the Senate today and come together to move our nation forward.
Today's ruling by the Supreme Court reflects the growing progress made for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender individuals around the country. Striking down the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) is a victory for thousands of loving, committed families who have been denied equality under the law for too long and will now be rightly treated as the full and equal citizens they are. I was proud to support legislation to repeal DOMA because I believed it was indeed unconstitutional, and I am glad to see this discriminatory policy put behind us. Our Constitution enshrines the principle of equality, and our government should never permit or deny anyone's rights based on their sexual orientation. New Mexico and our country are only strengthened by diversity, and we are better today because of this ruling.
There's no doubt that climate change is real, and the costs aren't just monetary - it's a direct challenge to our way of life in the southwest. From less snowpack in the mountains to forests burning out of control and 10+ years of drought, the challenges are serious. It's time to restart the conversation and I invite my Republican colleagues to work with us. Watch my speech from the Senate floor and share if you agree - it's time for us to act on climate change.
This week I continue to work with my Senate colleagues on comprehensive immigration reform. Reform will not be perfect and will not satisfy everyone in every case, but I believe people across America and New Mexico are not asking for perfection - they are asking for results. We need an immigration system that makes sense, that secures our borders, that strengthens families and that supports our economy.  America has a rich history of immigrants, and I am proud to come from a state where we celebrate our cultural diversity. We are also a border state, and I will continue encouraging the bill managers to work with me on my amendments to improve this bill and protect New Mexico's interests.   Last week I spoke about these amendments and where are in the debate. This legislation arrived on the Senate floor with support from both sides of the aisle and I hope it will move forward in that same spirit. This a historic moment for our families, our security and our economy, and I believe now is the time to govern and fix an immigration system that has been broken for too long.
As Medal of Honor recipient Sgt. Leroy Petry's statue is unveiled today in Santa Fe today, I am reminded of his humble appreciation as we honored him on Capitol Hill. Click here for a flashback of my interview with Sgt. Petry, and share this post to say thank you to all our veterans for their service to New Mexico and our nation.
Like many others, I am deeply disturbed by the current situation in Syria, from the appalling atrocities to the reported use of chemical weapons. But I am also concerned by the intensifying push for the U.S. to yet again become entangled in a Middle Eastern civil war. By flooding Syria with weapons, we risk arming those who ultimately may seek to do us harm. Unfortunately we have been down this road before. Once we have introduced arms, neither we nor their fighters may be able to guarantee control over them, and such weapons could end up in the hands of groups and people who do not represent our interests. Given this reality, those pushing for military intervention should answer three basic questions. Click here to watch my video to find out what they are, and share it if you agree - now is not the time to rush headlong into another Middle Eastern civil war.
Today during our Appropriations Committee hearing, I asked the Director of the NSA about privacy oversight and called for an independent investigation on the NSA phone records and data collection. Click here to watch the video and like and share if you agree – it's difficult to have a transparent debate about secret programs, approved by a secret court issuing secret court orders based on secret interpretations of law.
Today we took an important vote to restart the debate on comprehensive immigration reform in the U.S. Senate. I was very encouraged with the strong, bipartisan support, but we still have a long way to go before immigration reform becomes law. As the bill progresses I will be looking to make sure it supports New Mexico's interests as a border state, and that any final bill strikes the right balance between securing the border, holding employers accountable for hiring undocumented immigrants and providing an earned path to citizenship for the 11 plus million undocumented immigrants currently in the country. I commend the work of the 'Gang of Eight' and members of the Judiciary Committee who helped get us to this point after several weeks of debating and amending this bill in an open and bipartisan manner. Our immigration system is broken, and now is the time to fix it. The American people are counting on us, and we lose if we do nothing.
Yesterday I was proud to support passage of the Senate's new farm bill – a very important bill for New Mexico, especially during our extreme drought. It is the most significant reforms in decades, eliminating wasteful programs like direct payments and other subsidies, and strengthening successful community programs, all while saving $24 billion in taxpayer dollars. The farm bill also renews livestock disaster assistance programs, supports nutrition assistance for seniors and New Mexico families, and helps make sure healthier foods are within reach for all Americans, from the farm to the kitchen table. This bill is vital to New Mexico, and passage is long overdue. I urge the House to put politics aside and follow our lead in passing a strong, bipartisan bill as we have done in the Senate today. Click here to read how the bill will help our state, and like and share this post if you agree – we need a farm bill now.
The news that the government issued a blanket order for Americans' phone records is deeply disturbing and exactly why I voted against the Patriot Act in 2001. It's also why I have opposed reauthorization of similar provisions without adding civil liberties protections - protections that require agencies to explain specifically what information it thinks it needs to see and why.   Left untouched, these provisions violate the privacy rights of Americans and give the government too much leeway for abuse. Last year I sent letters to the Director of National Intelligence requesting more details about how many domestic communications have been collected under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. I found their responses insufficient, and this recent news demonstrates there was reason for my concern.    As we gather the facts, I will again have questions for the Administration on this serious issue. The American people have a constitutional right to privacy and deserve more transparency from their government.
As the Tres Lagunas fire near Pecos and the Thompson Ridge fire near Jemez Springs continue to burn, I am doing everything I can to help our firefighting personnel and officials on the ground. I have been in contact with local leaders in both communities to monitor the efforts being made on both fires, and I will continue to keep a close eye on the situation to make sure our officials and residents have the support they need. In the meantime, go to my website below for a few resources to help stay informed and stay safe.
As we head into another hot and dry weekend, please keep in mind the fire restrictions in place throughout the state. You can find information on restrictions, closures and alerts for all 33 counties in New Mexico below. Please be safe and spread the word by visiting this website and sharing it with your friends.
Please keep the community of Pecos in your thoughts today as the Tres Lagunas Fire continues to burn. I have been in contact with local leaders and my staff is working to make sure the agencies have the resources they need. I also encourage everyone to visit the New Mexico Fire Information website for more information on the fire and containment efforts.
"As we work to grow our economy, we have to make sure college is affordable and achievable for all aspiring New Mexican students. That's why we must prevent an interest rate hike to help keep costs low and provide certainty for New Mexico students and their families. If Congress doesn't act, New Mexico students could face double the interest rate on new undergraduate Stafford loans and pay about $1,000 more per loan. Grants and loans are very important to our students, often making the difference of being able to attend college or not I'm supporting a bill that will extend the 3.4% interest rate on new undergraduate Stafford loans for two years, as we pursue a long-term fix. As Congress debates this issue, we need to hear your voice. Like this post and share it with others to help us prevent these rates from being doubled!
Memorial Day comes at a time when Americans are looking forward to the start of summer and to spending time with loved ones. But today is really about remembering our fallen warriors, in both New Mexico and across the nation. Our state has always had a proud tradition of military service. When our nation has called, we always answered. Today I'll be joining veterans and community members in Rio Rancho to honor the memory of those who did not come home. They paid the ultimate price for our country and it is our duty to support both their families and those they served with. I am honored to work with veterans and their families who have given so much for our safety and our freedoms.
Very proud of New Mexico disaster assistance groups, volunteers and medical professionals heading to Moore, OK to help with the tornado recovery efforts. As our neighbors struggle to grasp the extend of the damage, our thoughts are with them, our prayers are with them, and we stand ready to help in any way we can.
People in New Mexico and all across America feel a sense of outrage over what happened at the IRS – and they should. I'm outraged too. Partisan bias and abuse by the IRS cannot be tolerated. IRS employees failed to carryout their duties impartially and I believe calling for and accepting the resignation of the IRS's top official was the right thing to do. But another failure of the IRS is the failure to stop front groups from filing false statements and engaging in illegal amounts of political activity. It's wrong whether the group may be liberal or conservative, Democrat or Republican. Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the need for transparency under the law. Most importantly, I noted that clear rules should apply to all groups across the board on all sides of the political spectrum. Watch my video to set the record straight and share if you agree: the failure of IRS bureaucrats, billionaires writing political checks but hiding it in the shadows and avoiding taxes – and the way we do business in Washington – has to change.
Americans and New Mexicans treasure a free and open press, so the Department of Justice's collection of AP phone records is very troubling. Congress has a responsibility of oversight in this matter, and we should investigate whether the department's actions were appropriate even in the course of investigating a potential leak of classified national security information.
NA
In case you missed it: today's Albuquerque Journal editorial on my efforts to cleanup horse racing in New Mexico and across the country. "The industry should embrace the opportunity to provide meaningful input in an effort to fix problems that have plagued what once was called the sport of kings." We agree, and I look forward to introducing this bill to strengthen a sport with such rich history in New Mexico.
It's a sad day in the Senate when we have an entire party boycott their work. This morning at our Environment & Public Works Committee hearing, Republicans wouldn't even show up to allow a simple up or down vote on EPA Administrator nominee Gina McCarthy – who has already been confirmed by the Senate once for a role at EPA. The American people want clean air, clean water and a government that works to protect it. That's why I spoke out against this obstruction. Watch my comments, then like and share it if you agree - abuse of the rules must end.
Today in an Appropriations subcommittee hearing, I asked Interior Department officials to justify the drastic mineral royalty sequester cuts that impact NM, and those to vulnerable Indian Country. As wildfire season begins, I want Western states to have the resources they need to prevent and respond to wildfire disasters.
Great to meet New Mexico's teacher of the year Pamela Cort, a French instructor from Las Cruces High School, during her visit to Washington. I'm thankful for the work of our teachers every day, especially on National Teacher Day. Congratulations Pamela!
Our teachers do so much more than just help kids learn in the classroom – they act as role models, mentors and supporters. Whether they teach in Indian Country, a 5A school, or a rural community, teachers in New Mexico work so hard in helping students reach their full potential. Today is National Teacher Day. Help me thank our teachers by liking and sharing this post with others and telling your favorite teacher how much they've meant to you.
One of my duties as U.S. Senator is nominating outstanding young people from New Mexico to our nation's military service academies. If you are a high school student or recent graduate who is interested in serving our country at an academy, I urge you to apply. If you are a parent or relative, please share this information with prospective applicants. You can learn more about the process by watching this video below, or joining my staff for our Military Service Academies Night Information Session at La Cueva High School Lecture Hall beginning at 6pm tonight.
Great meeting with DREAMers from NM CAFe (Comunidades en Acción y de Fé) in Las Cruces. Their stories inspire me to keep pressing for comprehensive immigration reform in Washington, and I am proud of their efforts to organize. We must fix our broken immigration system to keep the dream alive for these young individuals who have been here most of their lives and have so much to offer our country.
Tom attends a briefing by the Lordsburg Housing Group and a windshield tour of ongoing housing projects in the area.
Tom leads a meeting of the Southwestern Border Security Task Force in Deming to discuss ongoing and new priorities along the border.
New Mexico is in the worst drought in more than half a century, but we must come up with solutions to adapt. Last summer, I was proud to co-host a water conference at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces with more than 500 participants, including farmers, ranchers, engineers and community members. Since the conference, my office has been compiling the policy proposals discussed, and today, I am pleased to release our Water Conference Report. Click below to download our proposed actions and share it with your friends. We need to continue this discussion because we can't control the weather, but we can -- and we must -- improve our response to it.
Meeting with DREAMers in Las Cruces to discuss comprehensive immigration reform.
Tom Releases Water Conference Report
Tom speaks at the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new East Mesa Campus at Doña Ana Community College.
Tom presents Erlinda Gonzales with medals earned by her late husband and Korean War veteran Marcelino Gonzales. The medal ceremony was held at the Council Chambers of Las Cruces City Hall with members of the Gonzales family and Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 3242.
New Mexico continues to battle high rates of prescription drug abuse, but we are making progress through successful events like tomorrow's National Prescription Drug Abuse Take-Back Day. I hope you'll take the opportunity to turn in unused or expired medication free and anonymously at a drop-off sites around the state. Just click on the link below to search for the location nearest you.
Kudos to the Atomic Flying Pickles of Los Alamos for their award-winning inventions featured at yesterday's White House Science Fair! I'm so proud of these young ladies for their interest in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields. Like and share this post to wish them luck representing New Mexico in the First Lego League World Championships this week!
We have an extraordinary opportunity to pass a long-term, comprehensive solution to fix our broken immigration system. I am very encouraged by the 'Gang of Eight's' proposal to secure our borders, bring undocumented individuals from the shadows and enhance our visa and employment verification systems. The law on the books today does not work and a piecemeal approach to reform will not result in the overhaul we need. There is much work ahead, but now is the time to work together to take meaningful action. America loses if we do nothing.
The bipartisan Manchin-Toomey agreement would have expanded criminal background checks to reduce gun violence while upholding the Second Amendment rights of law abiding citizens. Fifty-four United States senators voted in agreement with 90 percent of the American people that expanding background checks is a reasonable step to take. Unfortunately, however, you need more than 60 votes in the Senate in order to overcome the filibuster of virtually everything. I support our right to bear arms, but I believe Congress can take commonsense steps to reduce the epidemic of gun violence and tragic mass murders. I also supported legislation today to prevent gun trafficking, stop illegal gun sales and limit the availability of high capacity magazines, which have been involved in recent mass shootings including Virginia Tech, Tucson, Aurora, Oak Creek and Sandy Hook Elementary School. Enacting these measures would help reduce violent gun crimes while upholding the traditions of sportsmen and responsible gun owners in New Mexico and around the nation.
Congress has an obligation to pass sensible legislation in an effort to reduce the epidemic of gun violence in our nation and prevent tragic mass shootings. We can take logical steps to expand criminal background checks, increase school safety and strengthen laws against gun trafficking and illegal purchases, without infringing on the Second Amendment rights of law abiding citizens and restricting the traditions of sportsmen in states like New Mexico. This week, the Senate has taken important bipartisan steps with the goal of sending a bill to the president. There is more serious work ahead, including the debate and consideration of numerous amendments to S. 649, the Safe Communities, Safe Schools Act of 2013. As we move forward in that process, I will support the Manchin-Toomey amendment on background checks and continue working on two other important components -- improving mental health services in schools and giving state and federal authorities more resources to investigate and prosecute gun crimes.
It's hard to believe that in 2013, women in our state still only earn 79 cents for every dollar men make. For Hispanic women, it's only 68 cents. If the wage gap were eliminated, a working woman in New Mexico would earn money for seven more months of mortgage and utilities payments, 12 more months of rent, or 2,495 additional gallons of gas. This wage gap undermines our nation's commitment to equality, and it hurts New Mexico’s working families. That's why I'm proud to sponsor S. 84, the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill would help break the cycle of wage discrimination. On Equal Pay Day today, like and share this post to help me send a clear message – it's time for paycheck fairness.
Visiting Paul's farm near Jal where algae is cultivated into fuel that's used to power our cars, trucks and equipment using produced water from the oil and gas industry and helping feed cattle nearby.
Look closely, it's Jalgae! Very interesting trip to Paul's farm near Jal to see how algae is cultivated into fuel that's used to power our cars, trucks and equipment. No foreign oil needed – this homegrown biofuel is made into cruel oil using produced water from the oil and gas industry and also contains protein that is fed to cattle nearby. Great example of the innovative things taking place that are creating an advanced energy economy and providing good jobs in rural communities.
Meeting with community leaders and following up on Small Business Administration funding that helped renovate the old Jal Junior High School into a business incubator to attract new jobs, increase tax revenue and promote private sector investment in the area.
Lots of things going on in Jal, NM. I met with community leaders at the Burke Industrial Complex – a 15,000 square-foot building that used to be the old Jal Junior High School and will soon serve as a business incubator for the city and surrounding community. We helped secure Small Business Administration (SBA) funding to renovate the complex and I'm pleased to see it will soon attract new jobs, increase tax revenues and promote private sector investment.
Great talking with Eunice residents. Their motto rang true - friendly people, proud town. Thanks to the City of Eunice, New Mexico and the Eunice Chamber of Commerce for their cold iced tea and warm hospitality.
Very interesting things happening at the NMJC Training & Outreach center in Hobbs. New Mexico Junior College was selected as the only educational institution nationwide to partner with Lockheed Martin on developing new training programs that will produce workforce ready technical degrees in the oil, gas and nuclear energy professions. Kudos to Dr. Rhodes at NMJC and Dr. Platt at Lockheed Martin for this innovative partnership that will create good, high paying jobs in Lea County.
Did you know Eddy and Lea Counties account for almost 30 percent of all oil produced on federal land, making up almost 1/3 of New Mexico's entire state budget? I recently visited the Carlsbad field office of the Bureau of Land Management - New Mexico to see the important work being done to balance energy development and conservation on our public lands. BLM-Carlsbad is the busiest office in terms of oil and gas permits in the state and the second-highest in the nation. Director Jesse Juen and his staff are doing an excellent job working with local industry and handling these responsibilities in a tight budget environment.
Always enjoy talking with Mike on my Tuesday with Tom radio call, but it's even better catching up with him in person at the KSVP Radio station in Artesia. Go Bulldogs!
Very impressed with the work being done at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) in Artesia. Their training facilities and programs are needed now more than ever for work on border security and law enforcement in Indian Country. From their top staff to their new trainees, FLETC does the important work of keeping us safe at home and around the globe.
It was an honor sitting down with veterans at the Public Library in Roswell. Our vets in New Mexico, especially those in rural areas, face exceptional challenges to get proper healthcare. That's why I've been promoting telehealth and exploring other ways to help them get the care they deserve in their local communities. I was thankful for the opportunity to hear their stories and inspired by their support of one another.
Was great to be in Southeastern New Mexico talking ag issues with local ranchers, producers and conservation officials. The drought has hit New Mexico hard, but I was encouraged to hear about the collaborative efforts within the community to overcome the challenges. Congress needs to send the president a Farm Bill reauthorization, like the one we passed through the Senate last year, and I am committed to fighting for rural New Mexico through the Senate Appropriations Rural Development Subcommittee.
Speaking with Eunice residents at the Eunice Community Center.
Briefing at BLM-Carlsbad to hear how the field office is balancing energy development and conservation on our public lands and sustaining the growth of oil, gas and potash development in Southeastern New Mexico.
Meeting at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) in Artesia to discuss border security, training and enforcement issues with FLETC officials and agency representatives.
Meeting with veterans at the Roswell Public Library.
Agriculture Roundtable in Roswell.
On Monday, after President Barack Obama signs the Río Grande del Norte National Monument proclamation in the Oval Office, I will be hosting a gathering in Taos to celebrate the historic designation with the local community. The National Monument proclamation was achieved through strong community support and the tireless efforts of many, and I look forward to joining members of the Río Grande del Norte Coalition, local elected officials, members of the Taos Pueblo, local business leaders and other members of the community who have been instrumental in advocating for permanent protection of the area. Our celebration will reach from the Oval Office to Northern New Mexico, where communities will see the economic benefits of the monument and the beautiful land will be enjoyed by generations to come. Share this post to spread the word and join us in celebration!
Great news for Taos and Rio Arriba Counties, the State of New Mexico and all who visit the Land of Enchantment! On Monday President Obama will officially declare the Rio Grande del Norte a National Monument. Not only will this protect some of Northern New Mexico’s most historically and culturally rich land for the benefit of locals and visitors, the national monument could attract $15 million in new revenue and create more than 275 jobs thanks to increase visitation to these spectacular areas. Local communities and leaders from Taos Pueblo, Taos and Rio Arriba county governments, the Village of Questa, area businesses and conservation organizations have worked diligently to make this happen! This proclamation would not have happened without the leadership of Jeff Bingaman and I am proud to have worked with Martin Heinrich and Ben Ray Luján make sure it's a part of Jeff's legacy. Like and share this post to spread the news!
Congratulations to New Mexico's Sapphire Energy on their first refining partnership providing crude oil from the Green Crude Farm in Columbus! Why import foreign oil when we can create renewable algae jobs down here at home?
Today is the 40th Anniversary of National Agriculture Day! From New Mexico dairy and beef, to our pecans, peanuts, alfalfa and the world's best chile, the Ag Industry is a main driver of our economy and rural communities. That's why I'm working to reauthorize the farm bill and give our farmers and ranchers the long term support they need. We passed it with a strong bipartisan vote in the Senate last year, but the House did not act. Like this post to show your support for agriculture in New Mexico and share if you agree - we need a strong farm bill!
Who are you rooting for, the NMSU Aggies or the UNM Lobos? Tonight, you don't have to choose! Good luck to both teams in their championship title games tonight out west! #GoLobos #GoAggies
Did you know U.S. mining law hasn't been updated since 1872? The government is basically giving away the public's gold, silver and other resources away for free. This is one of the biggest budget loopholes of the modern economy, and as we address the deficit and budget, it must change. Read more about it in the High Country News op-ed I wrote with my friend, Rep. Raul Grijalva. And share it if you agree!
Kudos to Jeramiah Lucero for leading by example and making a difference in the Aztec community.
Revitalizing communities across America that were once contaminated and turning them into hubs of economic activity where new jobs can flourish is an idea Republicans and Democrats can agree on. Good examples of this in New Mexico are the Santa Fe Railyard and sites around historic Route 66. Last week I teamed up with Sens. Lautenberg, Crapo and Inhofe to introduce the BUILD Act. Our bill takes areas with pollution and hazardous chemicals, called "brownfields" and transforms them into successful public-private partnerships that can make a big difference in states like ours:
In case you missed it: yesterday I appeared on "Hardball" to talk filibuster with Chris Matthews.
Today I voted for the confirmation of John Brennan to head the CIA because he is a qualified nominee and this position is too important to our national security to remain vacant. While I’m supporting his nomination, I am not satisfied by the administration’s limited disclosure of documents outlining the legal justification for an extraordinary authority – to target and kill American citizens in the course of counterterrorism operations. I first called on the administration to provide Congress with its legal justification in September 2011, and last month, I sent a letter to the president with eleven U.S. senators requesting the release of all legal opinions justifying this authority. The Justice Department recently provided many of these documents to members of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, but I believe all of us in the Senate should be able to review these documents. I will continue to seek access to these legal opinions so that we in the Senate can fulfill our responsibility to conduct rigorous congressional oversight. When there is no oversight, abuses can occur. And I believe that every administration must be held accountable, regardless of which party controls the White House.
Today I voted in favor of the American Family Economic Protection Act of 2013 to avert the sequester and put us on a different path with spending restraint and a fairer tax system with fewer loopholes. When the sequester kicks in tomorrow our economy will not fall off a cliff, but we will begin tumbling down a hill with damaging consequences for middle-class families and small businesses. It has already had a chilling effect on New Mexico’s economy where the federal government employs people at our labs, on public lands, at military bases and more. While the bill I supported ultimately failed, I remain committed to finding common ground to stop these arbitrary across-the-board cuts from going into full effect and further hurting our state.
Yesterday I was honored to present the Sepich family with copies of the federal legislation President Obama recently signed into law named for their daughter Katie. Because of Jayann and Dave Sepich's tireless efforts, we were able to pass the Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection Act, which will help expand New Mexico's "Katie's Law" nationwide. Join me in liking this point and sharing it with others to thank the Sepich family for their work in preventing violent crimes and saving lives.
Washington can learn a lot from the success of New Mexico businesses. Today, Janice Lucero, founder and CEO of MVD Express, met with Democratic Senators to discuss best practices in strengthening America’s economy. Our business community is working hard to create jobs and they deserve our continued support, and I was proud to invite Janice to share her work on a national level.
All women — including Native Americans -- deserve to live free from violence and domestic abuse. That's why I'm working to pass a more modern Violence Against Women Act (VAWA). Spread the word that we need a more inclusive VAWA bill by sharing this article with friends.
Congress must pass a modernized Violence Against Women Act -- the law that has helped protect women for 19 years. Today, many Native American women who experience domestic violence aren't able to fully benefit from VAWA, even though they are 2.5 times more likely than other U.S. women to be victims of sexual assault. Watch my speech from the Senate floor on why Native women and other communities should receive the full benefits of VAWA and get the justice they deserve.
This week I sent a letter to President Obama with 10 other senators asking for more information about the legal opinions to authorize the killing of American citizens during counterterrorism operations. These operations have remained hidden from the general public and withheld from members of Congress, inhibiting Congress’ ability to conduct necessary oversight. Click here to read our letter to the President and learn more about our efforts.
NA
Small businesses are the engine of our economy, and winning federal contracts can provide them with new opportunities for growth. With support from New Mexico's small business community, today I introduced the ACE Act as my first bill of the 113th Congress. It would help these local businesses -- especially those owned by women and veterans -- by increasing federal contracting opportunities and bringing more transparency to the system.
John Kerry has earned a reputation as a serious and thoughtful foreign policy leader, as well as a strong advocate for action on global climate change. I have thoroughly enjoyed working with him as a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. His ability to work with members on both sides of the aisle and deep knowledge of the issues make him well qualified to serve as America’s top diplomat.
Today marks a special anniversary. Four years ago, I was proud to support the Lilly Ledbetter Act in the battle for women’s pay equality. It was first bill President Obama signed into law, and one of the first bills I voted for as a new member of the Senate. The wage gap in New Mexico means that women earn 79 cents for every dollar men make. For Hispanic women, it's only 68 cents. On average that difference adds up to more than $10,000 dollars less a year for hardworking women. This wage gap undermines our nation's commitment to equality, and it hurts New Mexico’s working families. That's why I am a sponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act – to protect workers who speak up. Like and share this post if you agree – women deserve equal pay for equal work.
I am very encouraged by the bipartisan framework that has been unveiled in the Senate to modernize our broken immigration system. Reform is long overdue. The proposal contains the elements necessary to overhaul the system, including securing our borders, a roadmap to earned citizenship and employment verification to hold employers accountable. I'm also pleased that it would provide further certainty for DREAMers and recognizes the importance of workforce stability within the agriculture industry. As a border state, this is good news for New Mexico. I look forward to reviewing the details of this legislation as it takes form and working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give this issue the attention it deserves.
Burqueños already know how great their city is -- glad The Huffington Post is taking note. Click here to learn why Albuquerque is one of the West's most unique cities, and make plans to Visit Albuquerque soon!
During yesterday's confirmation hearing, I asked Senator John Kerry about continuing our joint counternarcotics work and pursuing other issues of mutual interest with Mexico. A strong relationship between both countries will benefit New Mexico and citizens on both sides of the border. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee I have appreciated Senator Kerry's work on efforts like the Merida Initiative to push back against drug trafficking organizations, while working with Mexico to reform the judiciary and create the conditions needed to reduce crime. Click here to see our exchange, and why I look forward to working with him as our next U.S. Secretary of State.
For more than three years, I've been committed to changing the Senate rules so that Congress can effectively respond to the needs of the country. I'm supporting the leadership's bipartisan agreement and, moving forward, will continue to fight for the stronger filibuster reforms my colleagues and I believe will make the Senate a more accountable institution. We've come a long way toward reforming the Senate and the filibuster in the last three years. We've made progress, but I'm not done fighting to change the way we do business. It's true what my Uncle Mo used to say: 'Reform is not for the short-winded.'"
The American people, of all political persuasions, want a government that is able to respond to the needs of the country. We have to change the way we do business in Washington. We need reform. It is time for us to pay attention to jobs and the economy and the things that matter to American families. The challenges are too great, the stakes are too high, for a government of gridlock to continue. That is why I have been leading the charge for filibuster reform. Share this post if you agree!
This morning I began speaking from the floor on our proposals to reform Senate rules in a simple, limited and fair manner. I said more than two years ago that I would push for the same reforms at the beginning of the next Congress, and we're making good on that promise. Click here to watch exactly how we are proposing to end the widespread abuse of silent filibusters.
Yesterday was an inspiring day for our country as we celebrated the second inaugural of President Barack Obama. Inaugurations are about new beginnings and I was pleased to share the experience with our newest senator, my friend Martin Heinrich. Together, we're ready to make a difference for  New Mexico!
At a time of great turbulence and fear in American society, Martin Luther King, Jr. offered a moral vision of what our nation could be. He didn’t just fight injustice, he sought redemption. And he did so with profound compassion and understanding. We too live in a turbulent age. And his words still guide us: “Darkness cannot drive out darkness. Only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate. Only love can do that.” On Dr. King's birthday, and on this Inauguration day, a celebration that reflects the spirit of our democracy, let us remember these words and work together for a more perfect union.
It's fitting that Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is the only federal holiday also observed as a day of service. This year, we celebrate the life and legacy of MLK on a special Saturday National Day of Service, and I encourage you to join us in helping a fellow citizen or neighbor.  Click below to find a volunteer project in your local community and click share to encourage others as well. Remember, as Dr. King so eloquently said, "Everybody can be great...because anybody can serve."
For more than two hundred years, America's citizens have witnessed the Inauguration ceremonies of the President and Vice President of the United States. From the first Inauguration of George Washington to today, the swearing-in ceremonies represent both national renewal and continuity of leadership. As we prepare for the 57th Presidential Inauguration, I wish everyone a safe and pleasant weekend, and safe travels to those on their way from New Mexico!
Last Friday I was delighted to sit down with Matt Grubs for an in-depth interview on New Mexico in Focus. We had a great conversation about the fiscal cliff and my efforts to make the Senate operate better for the American people. Click here to view the entire interview from New Mexico PBS:
Today we also celebrate the conclusion of our bipartisan effort to improve the health and well-being of our veterans. Thanks to the strong advocacy of Jessey and Maria Baca of New Mexico, our burn pits registry bill has now been signed into law by the President.
Good news - Katie's Law has been signed by the President and will help other states take New Mexico's lead on criminal justice efforts. It's a great day for Katie's parents, who have dedicated their lives to making sure their daughter's murder resulted in meaningful action.
According to the latest job numbers, the Santa Fe area recorded 13 consecutive months of job growth, and New Mexico's statewide unemployment rate has dropped from 7.1 percent to 6.2 this year, below the national unemployment rate of 7.7. We still have a lot more to do, but this is a positive sign as we work to grow jobs across the state.
Did you know New Mexico's own Bicycle Technologies International is one of the largest bike part distributors in the US? Andrew and Preston are doing great work and I'm glad to see their operation grow. BTI is another example of a successful small business that will keep moving New Mexico's economy forward.
It's great to be back in New Mexico, where I'm touring small businesses to learn best practices in keeping our economy moving forward. Today's visit to Caterpillar CleanAIR Systems, Inc. is a reminder that we can create jobs and help the environment at the same time, which the Santa Fe community knows how to do very well.
“We want to be fair, we want to allow debate, we want to allow amendments. We don’t want to shut down the process. We just want to make it work better.” My interview with Rob Nikolewski of Capitol Report New Mexico on the Constitutional Option to make the Senate work:
In case you missed it: The Santa Fe New Mexican's editorial on our efforts to restore real debate and accountability in the Senate. "This seems like common sense. A senator who wants to make a stand should have to stand up and tell the country why." Like and share this post if you agree!
Earlier today I introduced legislation with Senator Jeff Merkley and Senator Tom Harkin to reform our rules and restore real debate in the U.S. Senate. We have the power to change the Senate from being a graveyard for good ideas to one that can respond effectively to the challenges facing our nation. Our proposal is simple, limited and fair – read about it here:
Today we began the first day of the 113th Congress. We have much work to do for New Mexico and our country, and I look forward to the challenges ahead with old and new colleagues, especially Senator Martin Heinrich, Rep. Ben Ray Lujan, Michelle Lujan Grisham for Congress and Congressman Steve Pearce.
