As 2014 comes to an end, we finally saw some signs of bipartisanship in Congress: majorities in both the House and the Senate approved an 11th hour spending agreement and the Virginia delegation worked together to protect many of our shared priorities.   When the Senate reconvenes in the new year under new management, I remain hopeful we will focus on ways we can work together to strengthen the economic recovery and create jobs.  http://1.usa.gov/16MNPhN
I have long been an advocate for the release of unjustly imprisoned U.S. citizen Alan Gross, and  I am pleased he has been reunited with his family. We must never lose sight of the shortcomings of the Cuban government, and continue to press them strongly on human rights. However, I am also optimistic that the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba, the release of Alan Gross, and this week’s exchange of prisoners represents the first steps toward a relationship that will benefit both nations economically and culturally.  When I had the privilege of serving as Virginia Governor, we signed a nearly million-dollar agricultural export deal with Cuba in 2002. That was Virginia’s first export deal with Cuba in the 40 years since President Kennedy imposed the 1962 trade embargo. Virginia agricultural exports to Cuba now top $38 million a year.   I look forward to working on this important issue in the next session of Congress.
Very pleased the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, which I co-sponsored, has passed the Senate and will now be signed into law by the President. Under today's laws, Americans with disabilities do not have access to the same savings tools as those afforded to other Americans, placing a burden on people with disabilities and their families. The ABLE Act allows for the creation of tax-exempt savings accounts for disabled individuals and their families, providing a vehicle to save for critical long-term expenses including education, healthcare, housing or retirement.
“Let us vow to lead the world from darkness to light, from falsehood to truth, and from wrong to right.”  Happy Hanukkah to all of those celebrating the miracle of light.
Great video on the importance of patent systems to promote innovation and progress. Congrats to Simon from Falls Church, on winning the IPO Education Foundation's video contest! http://1.usa.gov/1wyI9Dl
Very pleased the House passed our Chesapeake Bay Accountability Act, which now heads to the President for his signature. I was very happy to work with Virginia GOP Rep. Rob Wittman on this. Restoring the Chesapeake Bay will not only preserve a national treasure, but will reap huge economic and environmental benefits to the Commonwealth. This legislation will allow us to better manage and coordinate restoration efforts to increase accountability and make sure that every dollar spent makes progress towards cleaning up the Bay.  http://1.usa.gov/1umCYQC
Thank you Codeva and #HourOfCode for your efforts to promote computer science and programming education across Virginia. We need to increase our focus on #STEM education for high school and middle school students. That’s why I co-sponsored the Computer Science Education and Jobs Act, which would make computer science a core academic subject & promote funding to train high quality computer science teachers.
Had the pleasure of joining almost 200 families over the weekend to deliver presents to military children in Hampton. The toy drive, Toys for Military Kids, was hosted by Operation Homefront, a Virginia-based veteran's non-profit that provides emergency financial assistance to families of our service members and wounded warriors. Thank you Operation Homefront for all that you do for our military families: they serve and sacrifice for our country, too.
Thank you to Virginia Tech and the Virginia Academy of Science, Engineering, and Medicine for joining me in hosting the 2nd Annual Virginia Science Summit. Today’s summit brought together some of the best and brightest in Virginia to discuss the challenges and benefits of Big Data. Virginia has an opportunity to be a leader in the growing Big Data industry. Looking forward to seeing what these conversations inspire.   http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=a2c6756c-35ba-4f98-a17f-dd2303cc6b77
Had a blast decorating our office tree with students from Herndon Elementary. Thanks for the help!
Pleased the Senate today passed the bipartisan Chesapeake Accountability Act, I sponsored with Rob Wittman and U.S. Senator Tim Kaine. The Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure and a centerpiece of Virginia’s culture and economy. This legislation will bring increased accountability measures and a more collaborative management approach to restoration efforts. http://1.usa.gov/1tAXzjJ
Happy Thanksgiving! Grateful for those deployed away from home in service to our nation today.
Despite institutional racism and tremendous adversity, the Montford Point Marines sacrificed to serve for our country. I was honored to present the late Cpl. Julius B. Foxx Jr’s family with the Congressional Gold Medal, the nation’s highest civilian award, to honor the brave service of their father during World War II.  http://1.usa.gov/11lFKxB
Black lung disease is a debilitating and potentially fatal disease that impacts many Virginia coal miners. Several recent reports and investigations have documented unacceptable and unfair tactics that allow coal companies to avoid paying miners the benefits they deserve. U.S. Senator Tim Kaine and I introduced the Black Lung Benefits Improvement Act of 2014  to reform black lung benefit programs to help miners and their families access better, more timely assistance from the program. http://1.usa.gov/1BUpeFB
I am deeply troubled by the horrific sexual assault allegations at the University of Virginia that were reported by Rolling Stone magazine, and I add my voice to those calling for a full and thorough investigation.   It’s time that Congress, universities, and law enforcement authorities work together to combat this epidemic. That’s why I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in introducing the Campus Safety and Accountability Act, which would empower students, improve reporting, and strengthen transparency and accountability at our colleges and universities.   Since introducing this legislation, I have traveled the Commonwealth and met with numerous college and university officials to discuss the issue and press for real reforms. Across the Commonwealth and across the country, we must end a culture that tolerates campus sexual assault.    http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/bipartisan-bill-takes-aim-at-sexual-assault-on-campuses-protecting-students-boosting-accountability-and-transparency-at-colleges-and-universities
Pleased the House passed the Government Reports Elimination Act, which is a version of my bipartisan initiative with Senator Kelly Ayotte to eliminate or modify unnecessary, outdated, or duplicative reporting requirements for more than a dozen federal agencies. This is a simple but effective step towards cutting waste and improving efficiency in the federal government. I’m pleased Sen. Ayotte and I will partner together once again to target an additional 70 federal reports produced each year. http://1.usa.gov/1EzpQMQ
Today and every day, I commit to honor the service of Virginia's 840,000 military veterans by working to ensure they are treated with the respect they have earned.   That's why I supported bipartisan legislation to expand resources at the V-A and provide veterans with more healthcare choices. However, money alone will not solve the systemic challenges within the V-A, and I will continue to work with the V-A to change the culture within the agency to ensue our veterans get the care and support they deserve.  Too many veterans wait too long for healthcare services, and I was pleased to amend bipartisan legislation this year to allow I-T professionals from leading Virginia companies to provide the V-A with a free, expert assessment of their customer service challenges.    Too many veterans spend too much time chasing paperwork and battling the V-A bureaucracy, so I have championed an innovative program at the William & Mary law school which puts students to work for free helping veterans file completed disability claims. We've expanded the William & Mary pro bono model to 15 law schools across the country.  And when America's female veterans encountered unreasonable hurdles to access V-A services they deserved, I worked with the V-A to make it easier for our military women to get treatment for PTSD and other combat-related challenges.    When I think about veterans, I think about my 88-year-old father. He was a Marine in World War II who fought at Iwo Jima. Like all who have served America, my dad is a hero who serves to be treated with honor. Today and every day, I extend my respect and appreciation to each of our military veterans and the families across Virginia who have supported them.
After a 60-day pro bono assessment, the Northern Virginia Technology Council has announced their expert recommendations to fix the scheduling problems at the VA medical centers. I’m confident this report will help the VA on a path to improvement. Thank you NVTC for your dedication to helping our veterans get the care they deserve. http://1.usa.gov/1sLOJ0P
NA
I met with U.S TRANSCOM General Selva to discuss the unacceptable delays in delivering servicemembers’ vehicles and expressed serious concerns about the lack of preparation and substandard performance of the contractor, International Auto Logistics. I made it clear to the General that unless the performance improves, all options must be on the table, including renegotiating or terminating this contract. Our military service members and their families should not have to bear the brunt of this terrible performance. http://1.usa.gov/1t4UXxS
BREAKING: Attorney General Mark Herring announces marriages can begin today after 1pm!  #VirginiaIsForLovers
An incredible day. #VirginiaIsForLovers #MarriageEquality
Virginia’s manufacturing sector supports over 230,000 high-quality jobs and is critical to our continued economic growth. My America Recruits Act would incentivize the creation of manufacturing jobs here at home and make sure Virginia’s workers have the education and training to excel in today’s high-skill manufacturing sector.  #MFGDAY14 http://1.usa.gov/1vD5r88
In 2013, the NoVa community collected nearly 18,000 blankets to  help Syrian refugee families during the winter months. The Northern Virginia Regional Commission will be undertaking a blanket drive again this year from November 1-22. For more information and drop off locations: http://bit.ly/1BzXCji 
In the wake of April’s derailment in Lynchburg, Tim Kaine and I have called for improvements to the transport of crude oil so that Virginians are protected from future disastrous accidents. Yesterday, we joined hundreds of stakeholders in responding to request for public comment on new rules for crude-by-rail, highlighting areas to better ensure safety. http://1.usa.gov/ZsCfVI   
Planning to apply for a nomination to one of our United States Service Academies? Deadline is Friday at 5pm: http://1.usa.gov/1uZv8zB 
Wishing Virginia families gathering together to observe Rosh Hashanah, joy and hope and a peaceful beginning to the High Holy Days. It is my sincere hope that we can use this time to come together to build a better world for our children and grandchildren. On behalf of the Commonwealth, may you be inscribed for blessing in the Book of Life.
The Social Security Administration offers vital benefits to help veterans and wounded warriors, including expedited processing of disability claims. Find out more: 1.usa.gov/1wbrYpC 
I am saddened by the death of my friend, longtime Delegate Vince Callahan. Over 40 years of service in the House of Delegates, Vince did so much to strengthen the quality of life and the variety of educational and cultural opportunities across Northern Virginia. His support and leadership were key to the growth of George Mason University, Northern Virginia Community College, and the Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts. When I had the honor of serving as Virginia Governor, I relied upon Vince for his sharp intellect and his bipartisan approach to fiscal responsibility. I was proud to call Vince Callahan a friend, and I extend my deepest personal condolences and respect to his wife, Yvonne, and their family.
The Senate has passed my bipartisan initiative to eliminate unnecessary government reports. Continuing to produce these outdated or duplicate reports year after year is a waste of time and taxpayer money. Federal agencies should be focused on delivering results for taxpayers instead of wasting time and resources producing reports that nobody uses or even reads. http://1.usa.gov/YSCCsn
It’s an absolute outrage that hundreds of military families can’t get ahold of the contractor responsible for misplacing or losing their cars. My office has been working with many service members facing this issue. If International Auto Logistics has lost your car, my office is here to help: http://1.usa.gov/1tXow5D
I'm thrilled that the Northern Virginia Technology Council (NVTC) has been selected to help the VA fix its broken scheduling system, at no cost to taxpayers. I'm proud we were able to help broker this pro-bono solution so that our veterans can better access the care they have earned. http://1.usa.gov/Xclg7Z
In her new book “Off the Sidelines,” which was released this week, my colleague Senator Kirsten Gillibrand described Arlington as a “soulless suburb,” which triggered a bit of a backlash!   I asked Virginia’s own CustomInk to produce an “Arlington: We Got Soul” t-shirt, which we presented to Senator Gillibrand yesterday.  All is forgiven Senator Gillibrand! Thanks for being a class act.
On today's 13th anniversary of September 11, we come together again as a nation and a Commonwealth to honor the courage of our fallen heroes and our first responders. We must never forget the sacrifices they made, and resolve as a nation to remain vigilant.
Over the past year, I’ve heard from Virginians all over the Commonwealth who are struggling with student loans. Today, I spoke on the Senate floor to share their stories and urge my colleagues to consider a series of bipartisan proposals to ease the cost of high education, and provide more flexibility for graduates to repay their loans.
Heading to the Capitol to honor American heroes from #Sept11. Tomorrow marks thirteen years since we came together as a nation to grieve for those lost at the Pentagon in Virginia, Twin Towers, and in Shanksville, Pa. We must never forget their courage and resolve to remain vigilant.    Watch live as we dedicate a Congressional Gold Medal to our fallen heroes: http://youtu.be/cHY3tpICRjs
NA
Great news for Virginia! Richmond and Norfolk have been awarded $40 million in federal grants to improve critical infrastructure. These projects will alleviate traffic congestion, improve transit, and drive economic development.  
Today I voted to move forward on a Constitutional amendment to overturn the Citizen’s United decision. We need to get away from the oversized influence of secret money in order to move towards a more civil political dialogue.
Nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that our bipartisan housing finance reform bill would reduce the deficit by $58 billion over the next 10 years. Fixing our broken housing system is the last piece of unfinished business remaining after the 2008 economic meltdown. Our legislation would protect taxpayers from future downturns while preserving the availability of the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage for homebuyers 1.usa.gov/1lE0er4
Incredible to be there as the USS John Warner was christened this weekend. It's a fitting honor for John, who I am proud to call my friend. John is a mentor, a role model, and a statesman – and always, always a Virginia gentleman.
In less than 24 hours, more than 300 women have signed up for this year's Virginia Women's Conference. Don't miss out on this great event, register now! 
The jury has spoken. This is a sad day for Virginia. I have known and worked with Bob McDonnell for more than 20 years, and my thoughts today are with Bob, Maureen, and their children.   I urge all Virginians to keep the McDonnell family in their prayers.
Please share: registration is NOW OPEN for the 5th Annual Virginia Women's Conference! This great event will be held Saturday November 15 at Old Dominion University in Norfolk. For more info and to RSVP visit http://bit.ly/1r9cIH5
T-minus 30 days ‘til the Virginia Science Festival kicks off! Proud to be an honorary chairman of this incredible event. Check out what's taking place in your area at www.virginiasciencefestival.org.
I’m urging the VA to expand the William and Mary Law School’s Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic  model to help more veterans with their disability claims at no cost to taxpayers. Claims submitted with help from the Puller Clinic get approved twice as fast as other claims. I am proud that we have been able to work with William & Mary to expand this model to 15 law clinics across Virginia and the country, but we need to do even more  1.usa.gov/1qNByfA
Check out the Virginian-Pilot’s editorial on “Restoring a sense of security on campus.” Good look into efforts to combat campus sexual assault, including our bipartisan #CASAct:   1.usa.gov/1tQA1Zd
Pleased to see the Governor and Virginia universities working together to end campus sexual assault. Enough is enough. I fully expect the task force's recommendations will help us improve the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, a bipartisan effort here in the Senate to combat campus sexual assault. 1.usa.gov/1nfrrPB 
Yesterday I met with the leadership of the Richmond VA Medical Center to discuss what they're doing to improve care for our veterans. The men and women who have defended our country deserve better.
Stopped by the Richmond VA Medical Center today to meet with veterans and to get an update on how the VA is working to fix inexcusably long wait times.
I have little patience for more excuses. We have got to see some results here. 
Great to hear that Virginia Tech's unmanned aircraft systems test site is now operational. UAS is a growing industry with huge economic growth potential and limitless applications from agriculture to law enforcement to disaster response. Today puts Virginia on the map as a leader in the field. 
NA
I've worked for several years to expand veterans’ law clinics and just last year, I finally got the VA to adopt the Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic model as a national standard. I'm proud that today, we've earned the American Bar Association's seal of approval for these efforts to allow more legal clinics to help veterans at no cost to taxpayers http://1.usa.gov/1r7pE68
I was honored to be named the National Retail Federation's Legislator of the Year last week. I spoke with them recently about the important role the retail industry plays in job creation and economic development in Virginia. I also gave a shout out to one of my favorite places,the Draper Mercantile and Trading Company! bit.ly/1A01DyI
Today the President signed into law the bipartisan VA reform bill, which is a huge win for the more than 800,000 veterans in Virginia. I’m very, very pleased this law includes my provision to bring in a team of the best and brightest IT experts to help the VA more quickly and efficiently provide our veterans with the care and services they have earned. Even better, this won’t cost tax payers a dime.
Honored to bring the Chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Barbara Mikulski, to Newport News Shipbuilding to meet the world's best shipbuilders and see the strong ties between the Navy and Hampton Roads.
Great turnout at the @VA_Cntr4SchoolSafety #safetyforum in Hampton, Va. Bipartisan #CASAct is a strong step towards ending campus sexual assault and making campuses safer
Startups create about three million new jobs each year, and are major economic drivers in the Commonwealth and across the country. Pleased to work with @1776dc on #StartUpDay2014 bit.ly/1ooEflM 
Honored to be named the National Retail Federation's Legislator of the Year. The retail industry plays an incredibly important role in job creation and economic development in Virginia, and what’s good for Main Street is good for the Commonwealth. 
Proud that the bipartisan bill to fix the VA includes my initiative to enlist pro bono assistance from private sector technology experts to help fix the VA’s broken scheduling system.  This is truly a win-win: the VA can more quickly and efficiently provide our veterans with the care and services they have earned, and it won't cost the taxpayers a dime.  Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/1ljtHoj
Joined a bipartisan group of seven colleagues yesterday to introduce legislation aimed at holding colleges more accountable to protect students from sexual assault on campus. We must send a clear signal that enough is enough.
Proud to introduce the bipartisan Campus Accountability & Safety Act today and help let survivors of sexual assault know they're #notalone  http://1.usa.gov/1s3zpAg
Very pleased that a Northern Virginia site has been included on the shortlist for the new FBI headquarters. The Springfield location is a cost effective selection that’s accessible by many different transportation options, as well as close to key agencies. Proud of our delegation's bipartisan work on this issue. 
I’d like to wish the Commonwealth's Muslim community a blessed and very happy Eid al-Fitr celebration! I urge Virginians of every faith and political tradition to be inspired by this holy time to reach out to others to encourage and cultivate mutual respect.
Yes! Federal appeals court upholds judge's ruling that Virginia gay marriage ban is unconstitutional: http://apne.ws/WK5AJX
I met with the nominee to lead the troubled Department of Veterans Affairs this week, and I believe Robert McDonald – an Army veteran and the retired CEO of Procter & Gamble – is the right man for the job. His military service and management experience are exactly what we need to transform the VA so we can make sure we’re providing our veterans with the medical care and other benefits they have earned. http://1.usa.gov/1pgQHIb
The decision today to move forward with proposed regulations on crude by rail transport is a positive step, and one that I’ve been advocating for since the Lynchburg derailment. There is clearly more work to be done, and we need to make sure first responders have the appropriate information and resources to respond in case there is an incident. I look forward to working with the Department of Transportation, the business community and Virginia localities to move this process forward so that we can protect our communities and transport these materials in the safest possible manner http://1.usa.gov/Ut6qbQ
Our NATO allies should not be rewarding Putin’s inexcusable behavior by providing him with deadly weapons. President Obama must condemn in the strongest possible terms the plan by France to sell these warships to Russia.
Eye opening: only 5% of campus assault victims report attack, many colleges lack trained & coordinated response: 1.usa.gov/1p7t0C3. Working with my colleagues on bipartisan improvements.
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall.”    Remembering and honoring the great leader and champion of freedom, Nelson Mandela on his 96th birthday #MandelaDay
These Virginia students and I were happy to help Cory Booker on his mission to get a selfie with every senator!
Had a great time this morning with many of Virginia's Boy and Girl Scouts and their families. Congrats especially to these brothers, who have each earned all 135 Boy Scout merit badges!
Virginia women have a right to make their own decisions about contraception without their bosses interfering. I’m proud to have cosponsored and voted today in support of legislation to undo the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby decision and restore the right of women to access basic health care. Individuals clearly deserve to have constitutional protection for their religious beliefs, but for-profit corporate employers should have no role in a woman’s decisions about her own healthcare.
The bipartisan Virginia delegation is working together to urge the Air Force to consider Joint Base Langley-Eustis for new Air Force Installation and Mission Support Center. We’re more connected to the military than any other state, and we believe the existing infrastructure, military-friendly environment, and close proximity to major commands and other Service installations, make Hampton Roads an ideal location for this headquarters 1.usa.gov/1qfE7wr
On the 150th anniversary of her birth, we honor the life and legacy of Virginia's own incredible Maggie L. Walker. She devoted her life to making sure women and African Americans had access to education and economic opportunity and was a courageous trailblazer who helped pave the road to equality. Her resilience, leadership, and vision continue to inspire today.
$848 million for USS George Washington (CVN 73) refueling is excellent news for Virginia and Hampton Roads. Represents months of strong, bipartisan work by our Congressional delegation. 
I appreciate the Air Force's efforts to find savings by consolidating headquarters functions, but I am deeply concerned about the impact that cutting a reported 742 positions would have on Joint Base Langley-Eustis’s hard-working airmen and civilian work force. While it appears that many of these reductions can be accomplished through attrition and eliminating unfilled positions, I have requested a briefing from the Air Force where I can ask tough questions about this proposed plan. I also urge Air Force leadership to consider locating its consolidated headquarters at Langley, where they could enjoy proximity to the Pentagon and other defense organizations.  #HRVa
Huge honor to present 95-year-old Ralph Kuethe with long overdue Silver Star from WWII. So grateful for heroes like him.
Incredibly honored to present Silver Star to 95-year-old World War II veteran Ralph Kuethe, 70 years after his heroic service. So grateful we were able to help him get it!
I asked privacy and consumer protection experts to look into Facebook's recent experiment to influence the emotions of more than 700,000 of its users. WAVY TV 10 has the story. 
Today I asked privacy and consumer protection experts about recent reports that Facebook conducted an experiment to study the emotional impact of manipulating information on the News Feeds of nearly 700,000 users. I come from the technology world, and I understand that social media companies are looking for ways to extract value from the information willingly provided by their huge customer base. However, I think the industry could benefit from a conversation about what are the appropriate rules of the road going forward. 
I’m pleased the Senate Intelligence Committee included my amendment to require a comprehensive report on cybercrime in its bipartisan cybersecurity legislation. Cybercrime is a significant economic and national security threat to the United States, accounting for as much as $120 billion in economic and intellectual property losses each year. It is essential that we take meaningful steps now to defend against this threat and improve our capability to do so.
Pleased the Senate voted to move forward on the bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act. This is a good step for Virginia’s outdoor economy: will create jobs, improve access to hunting and fishing, and preserve wildlife habitat.   Photo credit: Richard Aylor
This afternoon, I had the honor of welcoming 71 new U.S. citizens from 25 nations in a naturalization ceremony in Alexandria. What a great way to kick off Independence Day!
Had a great time yesterday talking about the #DATAact with the Virginia Coalition for Open Government. Transparency is critical to accountability. 
Marking 50 years since #CivilRightsAct1964 and celebrating trailblazers at the Virginia Civil Rights Memorial today in Richmond.
I believe that we will win! #OneNationOneTeam
While the Court's #HobbyLobby decision is narrow, I believe these conversations should be between women and their doctors, not a woman and her boss. I trust the women of Virginia to make their own healthcare decisions.
On National #PTSD Day, glad to see our female vets who were much more likely to be denied services for PTSD are now getting the care they deserve 1.usa.gov/1px6p5c 
DC split screen: one eye on CSPAN and the other on ESPN today. Go Team USA! #1N1T
Continuing to produce outdated or duplicate government reports year after year is a waste of time and taxpayer money, so I am pleased to see such strong bipartisan support for our effort to eliminate at least 60 of them. Federal agencies should be focused on delivering results for taxpayers instead of wasting time and resources producing reports that nobody uses or even reads.
Best of luck to University of Virginia Baseball playing for the national championship tonight! #GoHoos 
I am excited about the work this grant will make possible. We desperately need to improve the condition of our nation’s infrastructure, and efficiency gains through this kind of research will be key to that goal. I congratulate UVA, Tech and ODU for receiving this grant, and thank them for their leadership on this important issue. 
Glad to hear HHS has scrapped plan to place immigrant facility in Brunswick. This was the right call. Collaboration and local support are absolutely key for the success of a project like this.
Great to meet with kids and families who helped us win the fight for emergency epinephrine in schools: http://1.usa.gov/UJiqqF
Pleased that the Senate just passed VA reform legislation, which included my bipartisan proposal to enlist private sector technology companies to assist the VA in fixing its broken scheduling system.    A recent audit of the VA revealed more than 57,000 veterans have waited at least three months for initial appointments, and an additional 64,000 veterans who requested appointments never received them.   Our veterans deserve much better.
Senator John Thune and I have introduced bipartisan legislation to allow employers to assist their employees in managing and paying down their student debts. Additionally, it provides a unique new tool to help Virginia companies attract and keep talented employees. This is a win-win. 
Sen. Mark Warner announced last week that he had sought and received confirmation that the Northern Virginia Technology Council, a 1,000-member trade group, would help the VA straighten out its wretched patient-appointment system. The same group helped Arlington National Cemetery revamp records after a scandal over unmarked or mislabeled graves.  (staff)
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day, we honor the service and sacrifice of our incredible World War II heroes. We also remember that the best way to honor those who gave their lives in the past, is to continue to support the service men and women who are fighting every day for our future.
It was great to meet with students from Lawrenceville's Brunswick High School today! A beautiful day for a visit to the Capitol.
So sorry to hear of the passing of my friend Mame Reiley. She was well loved and will be missed by her family and many friends, of which I’m proud to have been one. http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=38b5af0c-9b09-42cf-b275-fe804f63b312
I honor General Shinseki's military service and support his decision to go. Now we must focus on fixing VA. Our veterans deserve our best efforts.
General Shinseki has served our country with distinction. I now believe he should step aside in order to allow our focus and our efforts to be on making the critically needed changes to fix the VA.   No one has pushed the VA harder than me: we pressed them to broaden PTSD services for female veterans. We pushed them on the claims backlog. It took us more than a year to get the VA to adopt the William & Mary law school’s pro bono model, which helps veterans with some of the toughest disability claims.  That Virginia model is now being expanded to 15 other law schools across the country.   It is important that we provide Virginia's veterans with the services they have earned - and which we as a nation have committed to provide.
Great to be back in Southwest Virginia today! Had the opportunity to talk with 450 community leaders at the 2014 #why2020summit.
Honored to be recognized as a 'Fiscal Hero' by nonpartisan group Fix the Debt. We must find a bipartisan solution for deficit/debt.
On this Memorial Day, please join me in honoring the brave men and women we have lost, and reaffirming our continued support for our veterans and their families.
Check out my proposals to make college more affordable for Virginians and to help borrowers repay their student loans. No one should go broke just because they want to go to college. #studentdebt 1.usa.gov/SsaI30
Today the Senate passed the Water Resources Development Act, and sent the bipartisan legislation to the President to become law. The final legislation included Warner-Kaine amendments which provide commonsense fixes to allow us to continue making progress on important Virginia priorities. We have cut red tape to provide a land transfer that supports the Craney Island expansion – a port expansion project that will strengthen Virginia’s economy and support thousands of jobs. In addition, we protected funding for Bay oyster restoration efforts, which will help restore the health of the Bay while also generating income for Virginia’s working watermen.
Great op/ed in Sunday’s Richmond Times-Dispatch from Virginia’s faith leaders urging Virginians to stand against Boko Haram to #bringbackourgirls. Sign this online petition to world leaders demanding a coordinated worldwide response 1.usa.gov/1p6p97u 
60 years after #BrownvBoard, I want to celebrate the brave young Virginian, Barbara Johns, who led her classmates in a walkout to protest the inequality of segregated schools. Her courageous efforts played a monumental role in the decision to rule school segregation unconstitutional.
RIP, Albert "Big Al" Doumar, owner of Doumar's Cones and Barbecue in Norfolk. He welcomed everybody with a smile and a kind word. Thoughts are with his family, friends and generations of loyal employees and customers.
Join our coalition of more than 80 Virginia interfaith leaders from almost every religious tradition as we call on world leaders to take coordinated action to return the Nigerian school girls kidnapped by Boko Haram. We’re also standing together to say it is unacceptable to distort religion in order to oppress women. Sign the petition at www.VirginiaInterfaithCenter.org
Honored to stand with more than 80 Virginia religious leaders representing nearly every faith and denomination to urge more coordinated response to Boko Haram.  #bringbackourgirls
There is one thing in Washington that everyone should be able to agree on, and that is we must improve how our government works. I’m happy to report the President has signed our bipartisan Digital Accountability and Transparency Act, or DATA Act into law. This groundbreaking government reform legislation will allow Virginians to track exactly how their tax dollars are being spent by the federal government.
The bipartisan DATA Act is now law! I appreciate the work of our bipartisan partners on both sides of Capitol Hill on this important effort. Improved transparency means greater accountability to taxpayers.
Military spouses and children serve our country too. Share this graphic to thank them for their service and the sacrifices they make every day.
Pleased to see that one week after the Lynchburg derailment and fire, the Department of Transportation has responded to our concerns by taking steps to ensure that our railroads are communicating better with first responders in Virginia and across the country. Emergency response personnel must be prepared to act quickly when accidents occur, and this new requirement to notify state-level emergency management officials is a positive step.
I'm proud to have been a supporter of offshore wind development here in Virginia since the very beginning. I applaud Dominion Virginia Power on receiving a $47 million competitive grant today to develop new, innovative technology. I'm especially excited that this project brings in a lot of local partners, who have the opportunity to make Virginia a real leader in offshore wind and create high-skill jobs in the Commonwealth.
Proud to be serving with my friend Tim Kaine as co-chairs of the first Virginia Science Festival! More information here: http://virginiasciencefestival.org/
Godspeed to the team of U.S. military, law enforcement and intelligence personnel helping to #BringBackOurGirls.
U.S. Senator Tim Kaine and I sent a letter today calling for improved safety for rail shipments of crude oil and increased collaboration with local first responders following last week’s derailment of 17 rail tank cars carrying crude oil in downtown Lynchburg. An estimated 20,000 gallons of crude oil were released into the James River: http://1.usa.gov/RlT8fZ
Remember in the movie ‘Raiders of the Lost Ark,’ when the ark got put away in some huge government storeroom? Probably next to the ark are all the reports that federal agencies are required to produce but have never been reviewed. Each year, the government wastes staff time and your money on these reports. We need to fix this broken system.
Rep. Adam Kinzinger and I wrote the Pentagon yesterday about our concern over retaliation against two Virginia Air Force pilots who stepped forward to report problems with the F-22. We must provide an accountable system where people who come forward can feel free to do so without fear of retaliation. This cannot stand. 
This drawn-out process sends a chilling message throughout the Air Force, and in all Service Branches, that if you come forward as a whistleblower to report wrongdoing, there is a high likelihood that your career will be derailed, you may lose pay and benefits, and you and your family will suffer retaliation.  This cannot stand.  We must provide an accountable system where people who come forward can feel free to do so without fear of retaliation. 
I support raising the minimum wage, and that’s why I voted today to move forward to a Senate debate. I am open to a discussion about alternative proposals for how and when we raise the minimum wage, and it is unfortunate that we did not reach the 60-vote threshold today to allow that discussion to take place.
The recent announcement that the Navy has committed to purchasing 10 submarines over the next five years is great news for Hampton Roads and Virginia. 
In case you missed it, the Washington Post says that Congress passing our DATA Act unanimously represents a "rare showing of widespread agreement between Democrats and Republicans."  I'm proud that because of our bipartisan work, the American people will now have open, standardized access to how the federal government spends their money.
"On Monday Senator Mark Warner's magnum opus piece of legislation, the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act, passed the House of Representatives with bipartisan support. The bill now heads to President Obama's desk to be signed into federal law."  (staff)
Thrilled that the House just passed my bipartisan DATA Act and it will now become law.  For the first time ever, the American people will have open, standardized access to how the federal government spends their money, and be able to better track fraud, waste and abuse.   Huge win for taxpayers today. 
The Washington Post has called the ads targeting our bipartisan housing finance reform legislation "flagrantly misleading, even by the low standards of campaign propaganda."   Read more about the ads here: http://1.usa.gov/1lG7UfA
RIP Phyllis Galanti, Virginia's determined, heroic advocate for POW/MIAs. Our prayers to the Galanti family.
The 60-Plus association came out today with another misleading and factually inaccurate ad targeting bipartisan housing finance reforms. This second ad is just as erroneous as the first, which the nonpartisan site FactCheck.org said stretched the truth to “absurd lengths” to attack the bipartisan Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act. Click the link below to learn more.  (staff) 
Re-sharing this great image by Malcolm Andrews from our fall 2013 photo contest. Virginia’s natural resources are not only national treasures, but important economic drivers for the Commonwealth. Happy Earth Day!
Happy Easter to everyone celebrating across the Commonwealth.
Holding a town hall meeting this morning on Naval Station Norfolk with CFPB Servicemember Affairs. We need much better consumer protections for our #milfam.
#WeAreVirginiaTech
Kathleen Sebelius and I became friends when we each had the honor of serving as state governors. Secretary Sebelius accepted one of the toughest jobs in the Administration, and she has continually demonstrated grace under pressure. I respect Kathleen's desire now to move on to the next chapter in her career. I appreciate her commitment to public service, and wish her all the best.
Today, the Senate passed my bipartisan legislation to make sure taxpayers get the transparency they are entitled to. The DATA Act will improve the way the federal government does business and it’s a true example of how Washington is supposed to work – across the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol.
NA
Denny Landrum, a Richmond native, was an WWII POW in Japan. During the closing days of the war, Landrum and several other POWs secretly created an American flag from bedsheets that were sewn together. They would have been executed if they had been caught.   Landrum eventually made it home. But the flag he helped to create and later waved as he and his fellow POWs were liberated from the camp vanished over time. Denny’s family has been looking for the flag since 1960.   When I learned that the flag was being kept on a shelf in DC, I worked with Virginia War Memorial to get it put on display in honor of Denny Landrum’s sacrifices and triumphs as a POW.   Today, the flag was unveiled at the War Memorial. It has certainly been my great honor and privilege to have played some small role in bringing it to Virginia. This flag is a reminder that we should never forget the sacrifices our American heroes have made, and continue to make, to protect our freedom and liberty.   Congratulations to the Landrums on finally completing a task that was so important to your Dad.
Strongly urge my colleagues in the House to pass this bipartisan legislation to provide Virginia job seekers with temporary assistance. #RenewUI
You won't regret taking a few minutes to watch this 60 Minutes segment on the The Health Wagon, a mobile health care clinic in Southwest Virginia that provides care to uninsured patients. They do incredible, inspiring work.
Very glad U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) listened to your concerns and will now add 40 additional customs officers at Dulles Airport. The exceptionally long lines and wait times are not the right way to greet tourists, workers and other travelers bringing their business to Virginia. 
Proud to join the President, Majority Leader Eric Cantor and my good friend Tim Kaine to sign the bipartisan Gabriella Miller #KidsFirst Research Act into law today. Gabriella was incredibly courageous and this new law will further honor her memory by supporting research to help the many millions of children who struggle with life-threatening illnesses.
Debit cards are used in much the same way as credit cards, so it makes no sense for credit card fraud liability to be capped at $50 while debit cardholders can find themselves on the hook for $500 or more. My bipartisan legislation would fix this disparity. 
Thanks to everyone who came out for the 2014 Virginia Young Professionals Summit at Lane Stadium! What a great day full of inspiring speakers and building relationships with young folks from all across the Commonwealth. And you can't beat the view...
Thanks UVA for a hard fought game and a great season. We're proud of you. #wahoowa
Great to be in Southwest Virginia today! Helping set up monthly pot luck at Russell County's Drill Community Center.
Students, parents and guidance counselors: sign up for Academy Day 2014 to learn about admissions processes for our five U.S. service academies, ROTC programs, Virginia Tech and the Virginia Military Institute. RSVP here: http://1.usa.gov/Ooi7xZ
Registration is filling up fast for the 2014 Virginia Young Professionals Summit! Sign up here: http://warner.senate.gov/ypsummit   #VAYPS2014
Ukraine has long been considered an international haven for hackers, and last year’s massive data breach affecting millions of U.S. customers of Target and other leading American retailers has been traced to cyber-crime syndicates operating in Ukraine. If we’re going to help Ukraine, Ukraine needs to step up and work with our law enforcement officials to go after these cyber-criminals.
Senator John Hoeven (R-ND) and I wrote the President today because we are deeply concerned with the events unfolding in Ukraine and Crimea that have been instigated and supported by Russia.  President Vladimir Putin’s aggressive actions and intransigence, and his continued dismissal of U.S. and European Union warnings, is of particular concern.    The sanctions that have been implemented so far are good and appropriate; however, we believe that energy security is a critical component to achieving a successful outcome in the region.  
"U.S. Sen. Mark Warner said the Shenandoah Valley's quality of life is a key ingredient in attracting new industry.  But Warner, D-Va., told a roomful of Valley leaders Wednesday that the Valley must capitalize on its tourism offerings and be part of ever improving workforce training to continue attracting jobs."
Wondering #wahoo I picked to win it all in my bracket? Take a look!
Kicking off conversation at The Urban Farmhouse Market & Café in Richmond on student debt & keeping college affordable.
"Student debt now is north of $1 trillion, and it exceeds credit card debt... We've made it easier to get student loans, but nobody ever talks about how you're going to pay it off."
Share this graphic if you're excited for the 2014 Virginia Young Professionals Summit at Virginia Tech's Lane Stadium! The summit is free but space is limited. For more info and to register visit: http://www.warner.senate.gov/ypsummit.
A big congrats and #wahoowa to Virginia Cavaliers - ACC champions and a number 1 seed! And congrats to Virginia Commonwealth University on a great season and a spot in the big dance.
Had an incredible visit to Josh Hardy's classroom in Fredericksburg yesterday. I got to deliver a special message of thanks (and some hugs) from Josh's dad. So proud of this community for coming together to help Josh get the medicine he needed: http://bit.ly/1fGYaNF  #savejosh
Visited Northern Virginia Community College this morning to thank #NoVa Mission of Mercy volunteers for the incredible dental and health services they provide to people in need.
Signed #America4Boston prayer canvas today to honor the first anniversary of the Boston bombing. Always cheering for #bostonstrong!
NA
I'd like to invite Virginia high school and middle school students, their parents, and guidance counselors to Academy Day 2014. Attendees will be provided a comprehensive overview of the United States service academies and their admission process.  In addition, students will be able to meet with officials from all five service academies as well as representatives from ROTC programs, Virginia Tech, and the Virginia Military Institute. For more info and to RSVP click here: http://1.usa.gov/Ooi7xZ
Glad to meet today with Christine Stapleton and Denise Phipps, two of Josh Hardy’s teachers and two of his biggest fans. They set up a meeting with me earlier this week to help rally support for getting Josh the medication he needed. We were already working on the problem, but they still decided to come up to the Hill to talk about Josh and what a great kid he is. They provided an update on Josh’s condition and put in perspective how badly Josh needed this drug. I am so grateful for their work, the work of the whole #SaveJosh community, and so glad we could help find a solution!
The Senate just passed the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, which honors the memory of Gabriella Miller, a young girl from Leesburg who was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor the size of a walnut at age 9. Gabriella was an incredibly courageous Virginian and a national spokesperson for childhood cancer awareness and research, and I can think of no better way to honor her strength and example than by passing this legislation. I am proud to have worked on this bipartisan Virginia effort with Senator Kaine and Rep. Eric Cantor.
Cool article today on the work STAY Southwest is doing to keep young folks in SWVA. Special shout out to Drew Lumpkin, who works in my Abingdon office, for his great work founding the group.
True honor to meet His Holiness the Dalai Lama today. I appreciate him opening today's Senate session with a prayer. Especially liked his call to help "dispel the misery of the world."
Introduced bipartisan legislation to stop proposed cuts to military #commissaries. These cuts are an unfair burden on many of our military men and women. Especially for young military families, retirees, and reservists who are trying to make their tight budgets work, they represent real money  -- as much as $3,000 in grocery savings per year: http://1.usa.gov/1gRqkCX   #milfam
Great new video promoting Richmond's beer and food scene. Proud to be a member of the Small Brewer's Caucus: Virginia beer means Virginia jobs. http://1.usa.gov/1dJ1nYe
It’s important that people have access to prepaid cards as we move into an increasingly digital economy, but consumers deserve basic protections. I commend Pew for their work on this issue and Chase for being the first prepaid card provider to adopt the disclosure box for their cards, which I proposed making standard for the industry in my legislation.
Joined my friend Tim Kaine this morning to introduce Virginian Hannah Lauck in her nomination hearing. If confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Hannah will become the first woman judge on the federal trial bench in Richmond. Judge Lauck has an exemplary record as a prosecutor and a magistrate judge, and I am proud to support her nomination.
A lot of us have worked hard for many years to keep this vitally important project on track. Rail to Dulles is one of the nation’s most significant infrastructure projects, and this project is key to the future economic growth and expanded economic opportunity for Northern Virginia. I especially want to salute the efforts of retiring Congressmen Wolf and Moran, who have been true leaders in advancing this project for decades. Today’s development represents a significant step forward, and I am pleased that this federal support will allow us to continue moving forward with the project and buy-down tolls for commuters.
On February 19, 1945, U.S. Marines, including my father, began landing on Iwo Jima. Robert Frank Warner served in the 3rd Marine division, Second Battalion, 21st Marines. He completed basic training at San Diego, then joined the 3rd Marine Division at Pearl Harbor, shipped out to Guam and then Iwo Jima.   Today, and every day, thankful for his service and all who serve and sacrifice for our country.
Cheering for Virginia's Ashley Wagner in today's figure skating short program!
The U.S. Department of the Interior is featuring Hampton's Fort Monroe on their FB page today! I encourage you to take this opportunity to learn about its incredible but little-known place in our nation's history.
Share if you agree that people should have the right to marry who they love here in Virginia. #marriagequality
Woke up this morning to the fantastic news that a federal judge has struck down Virginia's prohibition on marriage equality. The fight is not over, but U.S. District Judge Arenda Wright Allen, who I was proud to nominate for the federal bench, gets it exactly right:  "Tradition is revered in the Commonwealth, and often rightly so. However, tradition alone cannot justify denying same-sex couples the right to marry any more than it could justify Virginia's ban on interracial marriage."
Establishing this center will allow the retail industry to better share information that could help prevent the types of widespread consumer data thefts we now are seeing. "Forewarned is forearmed," and the private sector should consider establishing this framework so they can share up-to-date information about the serious and growing threat of hacking, cyber and identity theft.
NA
Our service men and women deserve better than seeing their pensions arbitrarily cut, and I am pleased we will fix this well before the cut is set to take effect. I am proud to support legislation to repeal this cut today, and I will use every tool I can to fight pension cuts that unfairly single out Virginia military families. More info: http://1.usa.gov/1kzOwit
Had a great time doing mock interviews with students at the Youth Career Expo in Hampton. Event helps prep students for college/jobs.
Incredible courage from Michael Sam. Cheering for you in the draft. 
Great time today at the Wounded EOD Warrior Foundation Polar Bear Plunge in Fredericksburg. The water is 35 degrees - now THAT's commitment!
Had the privilege today of participating as 456 people from 86 nations became America's newest citizens. Reminds me that, despite our problems our noisy arguments, the United States of America is still the greatest, strongest, most diverse and entrepreneurial place on God’s earth.
What's been your experience clearing passport control at Dulles International Airport? We're hearing 90min-2 hour lines are common for int'l arrivals and business travelers returning to America. Surely we can do better than that! Share your experience, photos.
Proud that the bipartisan farm bill that will now become law includes my provisions to protect the Chesapeake Bay and expand access to rural broadband.   It’s an embarrassment that in America in 2014, there are still more than 18 million people without broadband access, and more than 75% of those customers live in rural areas. Virginians recognize that access to broadband helps spur economic growth and create jobs. My provision will help to ensure that broadband service reaches those who need it most.  Additionally, the Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure and I am pleased that the final bill includes my provision to help provide farmers with the resources they need to protect and restore water quality and wildlife habitat.
Chairing a Senate Banking hearing today at 3pm on the Target data breach and importance of safeguarding consumer info. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/1jJH3vt
Looking forward to chairing a hearing on Monday on the recent data breaches at Target and other retailers. Consumers must rely upon retailers and financial service providers to adequately protect their sensitive financial information. It's important that the Banking Committee uses its oversight responsibility to examine whether retailers are taking every appropriate action to safeguard their customer’s personal financial information, and explore ways to minimize the harm that can be caused by this type of fraud and identity theft.
It was great to meet everyone who participated in our Commonwealth Coffee this morning. This is a great way to welcome Virginians to the U.S. Capitol and hear their concerns. It’s one more way we work aggressively to be accessible so we can share ideas with constituents and help solve any issues they’re having navigating the federal bureaucracy. http://goo.gl/VU0j0c
NA
Great to be in Williamsburg for a town hall meeting on this very cold morning.
NA
Warning: cute kids ahead! Great to be back at Smart Beginnings Danville. Awarded a grant as Governor to help launch program: http://instagram.com/p/jhfYGsLfb4/
Pleased to announce $1M firefighting grant for Martinsville/Henry County first responders. Thankful for their service!
Toured construction of Rocky Mount's great new Harvester performance facility in the eastern gateway of The Crooked Road: Virginia’s Heritage Music Trail.
Great tour and town hall meeting this morning at the Center for Advanced Engineering and Research. Cool tech happening right here in Bedford County!
Just visited the staff at the Harrisonburg-Rockingham Emergency Communications Center to thank them for the vital services they provide. And to bring them some delicious Court Square Coffee!
Dropped by Shawnee Volunteer Fire & Rescue Co in Winchester this morning to bring the responders some donuts and thank them for their hard work during this winter storm.
Had a great time yesterday holding a town hall meeting at the very cool Catoctin Creek Distilling Company in Purcellville.
Telling the story of one of my personal heroes, Virginia's own Barbara Rose Johns, at #MLKDay celebration in Woodbridge. More on Barbara Johns: http://to.pbs.org/1mvALRx
Celebrate the life and honoring the great work of Martin Luther King, Jr. at events this morning in Woodbridge and Reston.
It's good to see Congress return to an orderly process. This two-year agreement should help Virginia families, employers and community leaders move forward with more predictability and confidence. While I’m pleased that, at least in the near term, we will not be lurching from crisis to crisis, we still need to have an adult conversation about our nation’s spending and debt.
Jim Moran is a good friend and a formidable legislator who has fought hard for his district and the entire Northern Virginia region. As Alexandria’s mayor, and during 12 terms in the House of Representatives, Jim has been a strong voice and a reliable partner in our efforts to support federal workers and to protect Virginia’s critical connection with our nation’s military. I look forward to working with him over the next several months, and I wish him the very best in the future.
We have come a long way in one year since we faced down the challenges that sequester introduced in 2013—what I described as "stupidity on steroids." It’s been a tough fight, but I’m pleased we have emerged with a bill that includes many of the Virginia priorities that are vital to our nation’s defense, especially full funding for our shipbuilding programs and ship repair accounts. These will help bring needed stability to the Hampton Roads workforce and industrial base.
Congratulations to Virginia's own Orbital Sciences Corporation and NASA's Wallops Flight Facility on a successful delivery of supplies to the International Space Station! And a very Merry (and belated) Christmas to the six astronauts who are finally getting presents from their families.
Five Former His Excellencies at today's inauguration of Virginia's 72nd Governor.  We're still looking for former Governors Holton, Allen and Kaine [they're here somewhere] but we have a quorum!
This is a huge victory for volunteer emergency responders and the communities that rely on them. I’ve said all along that there will be issues that arise with health care reform and that we should work in a bipartisan way to fix them. I am proud that together, we were able to solve this issue and keep America’s first responders working for their communities.
Cool video out of NASA's Wallops Flight Facility. Congratulations on a successful launch today! 
At nearly $700 billion in sales each year, prepaid cards are one of the fastest growing parts of the financial industry. However, these cards aren’t subject to the same kinds of consumer protections as other types of credit cards and gift cards.  It’s important that young people and people without credit history or access to traditional banking tools have access to prepaid cards, but we can’t let the technology outpace smart consumer protections.
Working to fix volunteer first responder ACA issue: http://1.usa.gov/1bxIR6f. I keep a constant reminder in my office. #throwbackthursday #TBT
Our service men and women deserve much better than seeing their pensions arbitrarily cut by lawmakers in Washington. No American soldier should have to fight for their rightfully-earned benefits. I am proud to introduce this legislation today, and I promise to continue using every tool I can to fight pension cuts that unfairly single out Virginia military families.
Save the date for the 2014 Virginia Young Professionals Summit - it'll be held on March 29 in Virginia Tech's Lane Stadium! And make sure to like the Summit's Facebook page for updates and more information.  
Congratulations to Janet Yellen! Proud to vote today to confirm her as the first female head of the Federal Reserve.
In Virginia, we have a proud tradition of military service, and I find it completely unacceptable that veterans who have served our nation and their same-sex spouses are being denied benefits simply because of orientation. I wrote the President today to ask for an immediate end to this this discrimination for my constituents and all of our nation's veterans.
Congratulations to Virginia Tech and partners for being chosen by FAA to test unmanned aerial systems. I hope this FAA research and testing also helps sort-out the legitimate public concerns about privacy and air safety as we move toward a safe and responsible integration of unmanned aircraft.
Today, I requested a hearing to to examine whether companies and financial service providers are taking all actions necessary to safeguard consumer data and protect against fraud and identity theft, and whether stronger industry-wide cybersecurity standards are needed. More info below.
This Christmas, I want to thank you for the incredible honor of representing you in Congress, and wish you and your family a safe and enjoyable holiday. Here's a quick video update on our continued work for the Commonwealth during 2013.
NA
Passage of our Military Whistleblower Protection Act is an important first step toward better protecting our military men and women from misconduct, including sexual assault. This legislation will encourage our service members to report fraud, waste and abuse and provide them with the retaliation-free working environment they deserve. Virginia has a strong military tradition and I am proud that this legislation will now become law.
Proud to vote for the bipartisan #budget agreement, but we need to do more to fix military pension issue, tackle the deficit.
I don't support the provision in the budget deal that unfairly singles out our military families. I've introduced a bill to replace it by closing a corporate tax loophole. #KeepYourPromise
I introduced legislation today to repeal and replace the proposed $6 billion cut to military pensions included in the Bipartisan Budget Act. While the changes to military pension COLA increases may look insignificant to some, this is real money to a lot of families. Virginians have served with honor in our military for generations, and I want to assure our servicemen and women that there is ample time to undo these changes before they take effect. I remain committed to pursuing a comprehensive deficit reduction package, but we should not unfairly single out our military families.
Frank Wolf has been a true friend, and a great partner, both when I served as Virginia Governor and since I’ve joined Congress. We have worked closely together on Northern Virginia transportation issues, and partnered in consecutive sessions of Congress on bipartisan legislation that would encourage the on-shoring of jobs back to Virginia which have moved overseas in recent years.  Frank has also been a passionate advocate and reliable ally in my ongoing efforts to find common ground on issues surrounding our nation’s deficits and debt.  He is a tireless and leading advocate for religious freedom around the world. We will miss his delegation  leadership.
Sens. Rob Portman (R-OH) and Reps. Darrell Issa (R-CA) and Elijah Cummings (D-MD) and I explain how the #DATAAct will help provide the transparency that taxpayers deserve.
On the anniversary of #Newtown, I promise to honor the 26 victims and their families by continuing to support meaningful reforms.
Had a great time skyping with Charlottesville High School students today on immigration reform. CHS’s Global Citizenship Class has been studying immigration reform using a lesson plan called “Speak Up for Immigration,” which we developed with UVA's education school. America is a country of immigrants and it’s important that we continue to remember and honor that. MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1gsZm8i
Proud to introduce bipartisan legislation today to protect our volunteer firefighters and emergency responders.
My hope is this budget compromise allows us to step away from the irrational harm of sequestration, which hits Virginia harder than any other state. This is a productive step forward that avoids another shutdown and allows the government to operate with more predictability over the short term.  I have some concerns about the impact on the federal workforce and our military retirees, which is another reason why we need to tackle the larger and more important issues of tax and entitlement reforms to  fix our balance sheet over the long term.
Today is the first day of Computer Science Education Week, which is dedicated to helping kids learn about computer programming. Computer science is a top-paying college degree and computer programming jobs are growing at twice the national average, but 9 out of 10 schools don’t offer computer programming classes. Fewer than 5% of Virginia public school students will even experience computer science before graduating.  That's why I'm excited about the great work being done by the nonprofit Code.org, which is helping to inspire kids not just to use computer applications, but to help create those applications. Their program #HourOfCode helps demystify computer science and teaches kids and adults alike simple programming language.  Watch the video below for a message from me about Hour of Code.
Before the December holiday season gets into full swing, and as Congress returns for its last work period of the year, I wanted to provide you with a quick update on our recent efforts to strengthen Virginia’s economic recovery and improve Washington’s fiscal accountability to taxpayers.   While it often appears that Washington is hopelessly gridlocked because of partisanship, I want you to know I appreciate this opportunity to represent you in the U.S. Senate. And I will always fight for commonsense, bipartisan solutions that strengthen the economy for you and for Virginia families and businesses.
Special delivery to our DC office today - a beautiful 15ft Frasier Fir from Whitetop, VA! The Virginia Christmas tree industry approached $50 million a year, and for every tree harvested, 2-3 seedlings are planted in their place. NOW it's Christmas!
NA
Our second contest winning photo comes from the home of the Hokies - beautiful Blacksburg! Thanks to Joey Sarver for sharing this great shot.
So sad to hear the news about Nelson Mandela. Few people in history have represented such a positive, lifelong force for change. RIP.
Expanding access to clean, reliable public water supplies has been a priority of mine since I served as Governor, when we extended access to more than 70,000 Virginians while also making record investments in Virginia’s Water Quality Improvement Fund. This is a welcome and significant step to promote public health and support improved water quality in Wise County.
As MWAA finishes critical safety testing for the Silver Line, I am urging them to do everything in their power to complete the work as quickly and responsibly as possible and avoid further delays so that our region’s commuters and travelers can benefit from this crucial transportation link.
Congrats to #HRVA on today's Norfolk Amtrak station grand opening - will be great economic driver for the region.
Thankful today and every day for my family, the troops who keep us safe, and for the honor of representing Virginia. Wishing you and yours a very happy and healthy Thanksgiving.
A very Happy Hanukkah to all those celebrating across the Commonwealth tonight.
Congrats to Virginia's own JMU Marching Royal Dukes, who will be the first band at tomorrow's Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade! 
Congratulations to Rob Hunter, whose beautiful photo of Williamsburg is the first winner of our Fall Photo Contest! Rob, thanks for sharing this great image with us.
Great conversation with high school students, college students, parents & guidance counselors about college affordability today in #RVA.
We all are praying for you and your family, Creigh. 
50 years ago today, when JFK was shot, I was aware that something traumatic had occurred, but I was too young to fully grasp the tragedy. However, I was part of that generation which came of age during the 1960s, and I found myself embracing President Kennedy’s challenge to America’s young people to commit to work toward the greater good, both at home and around the world. I’ve always kept the following quote by him in mind while serving as Governor and now Senator: 
 
 “Let us not despair but act. Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past — let us accept our own responsibility for the future.”
The Senate confirmation process was broken - perfectly qualified nominees were constantly being filibustered at a rate we’ve never seen before. Enough is enough. The rule that was changed today only impacts executive branch appointees and judicial nominees other than the Supreme Court. It still requires a majority vote of the Senate for confirmation. This change does not impact other legislation at all. The minority party can continue to filibuster other legislation with a 60-vote requirement.
The women who work in our Capitol Hill office were excited to meet the always gracious Janet Yellen today. She is poised to  become the first female Chair of the Federal Reserve in U.S. history. I enjoyed meeting with her today, appreciate the time she spent with our staff, and look forward to voting for her confirmation.
Chaired a Senate Banking Committee hearing yesterday on virtual currencies like Bitcoin. Important that we get it right from from a regulatory, financial, and consumer point of view. Virtual currencies could pose great challenges as well as great opportunities.
This morning’s news from Bath County is just so heartbreaking. Senator Creigh Deeds has served his constituents and the Commonwealth with dedication and honor, and all of us are praying for him and his family at a tragic and very difficult time.
Pleased to co-host a reception last night honoring former AP veterans Bob Lewis & Dena Potter. Great turnout, lots of fun visiting with good friends and colleagues in Richmond.  (Photo courtesy of AP's Steve Helber)
Thank you to all those who participated in my Fall Photo Contest. Today is the last day we'll accept photos. We received many beautiful pictures from all over the Commonwealth. We’ll feature a new photo each week in the coming weeks.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
Honored to connect with Virginia veterans and veterans employment organizations at a Commonwealth Coffee yesterday. Grateful for their service.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
Great to host first #VaScience Summit today – fostering collaboration between Virginia’s smartest folks to create jobs & boost innovation.
Proud to lead a group of ten Senators today in introducing the bipartisan BRIDGE Act, which establishes a new infrastructure financing authority to help states and localities better leverage private funds to build and maintain the nation’s outdated infrastructure. The BRIDGE Act will not only put Virginians and Americans back to work but also help to expand U.S. commerce and trade, keeping American businesses competitive and creating even more jobs here at home.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
Yo prometo que me mantendré enfocado en apoyar un acuerdo bipartidista.
A hearty congratulations to Virginia's Attorney General-elect Mark Herring: proof that every single vote must count.
Super Typhoon Haiyan, which battered the Philippines last week, may be the strongest storm in recorded history.  Virginia, especially Hampton Roads, is home to a significant and vibrant Filipino-American population. I am keeping these folks and their families in my prayers as we learn more about Haiyan’s devastation in the coming days.   For information on locating a missing family member or donating funds to help those who have been affected, please visit the link below.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
Happy Veteran's Day to the more than 800,000 military vets in Virginia and their families. We are so grateful for your service and sacrifices. A special thanks today also to the folks at William and Mary's Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic, who are leading the way to help reduce the vets claims backlog.
Lots of incredible fall photos from the Commonwealth already! Make sure to like your favorites and keep 'em coming.  (staff)
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
As you plan your weekend, remember that the National Park Service honors America's veterans with free entrance to all parks for all visitors this 3-day Veterans Day weekend.
We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
FALL PHOTO CONTEST: We need your help picking a fall-themed cover photo for Senator Warner's page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.  (staff)
Remembering another great race for governor and 2005 election of my friend Tim Kaine. #TBT #throwbackthursday
DATA will establish an open and accountable system for tracking every dollar spent by the federal government. It is incredibly important in this budget environment to have reliable financial data to support the tough spending decisions that Congress will have to make in the coming years. Today’s vote is an important step to keeping policymakers and taxpayers better informed.
ENDA has strong bipartisan support by a vast majority of Americans and U.S. employers. It should be the law of the land. #PassENDA
Happy Halloween!
At today's first meeting of the Budget Conference Committee, I spoke about how we need to end the recent fiscal practice of lurching from crisis to crisis, find a way to replace the damaging, across-the-board spending cuts mandated by sequester, and look for opportunities to make responsible investments that will strengthen the economic recovery and promote American competitiveness.
 NPR's Scott Horsley factchecked our frequent use of my favorite Winston Churchill quote. Turns out -- I'm guilty of what's called #ChurchillianDrift. But as I told Scott -- if Churchill didn't say it, he should have!
Looking forward to hosting my fourth annual Virginia Women's Conference today! #VWC2103
Looking forward to Saturday's 2013 Virginia Women's Conference in Richmond! Check out the full agenda at the link below:
"There were no winners here."
Make sure to register soon for the 2013 Virginia Women's Conference! The conference is free but you must preregister. Check out the full agenda at the link below. 
Strong bipartisan votes for CR & debt limit. I wish we'd done this 2 weeks ago, before harm to Virginia families & $20 billion hit to US economy.
It looks like we've avoided this calamity, but let's make sure that we never do this again. Let’s make sure that we take this next 90 days before the next Continuing Resolution expires and the 113 days before the debt ceiling comes and really get our fiscal house in order and make sure we give the American people back the confidence we need to move forward.
“This time the wolf may really be at the door... Each time we come up to the 11th hour, we rob the world of a little more confidence in American leadership." 
Got a little fired-up during today's Commerce Committee hearing on the impact of the shutdown... I've heard from a Virginia contractor with 5,500 employees, built over 25 years, who faces bankruptcy in a matter of weeks due to this absurd government shutdown.  This is causing havoc in the economy.
MSNBC's Chuck Todd examines ramifications of a debt default, using our comparison to what occurred in Argentina in December 2001. Chuck reaches the same conclusion: We're playing with fire here.
NA
Some in Congress have suggested it's OK if America defaults. I find that stunning. The last major industrial nation to default was Argentina back in December 2001: its currency lost 75% of its value, inflation surged past 100%, unemployment topped 25%, and most families lost more than half of their net worth in a matter of days. Obviously, America is in a stronger position than Argentina -- but why would we willingly even come close to this kind of economic catastrophe?
“Irresponsible – and no way to govern.”  That’s how I describe the congressional paralysis that’s left the government shut-down and  thousands of federal workers furloughed without pay for a second week. Watch my floor speech.
What the shutdown means to the morale of our dedicated federal workforce, and our nation's overall economic competitiveness: Quick video clip from a news conference with furloughed National Science Foundation employee Carter Kimsey of Virginia.
House voted 407-0 this morning to provide backpay to furloughed federal workers when the shutdown ends. We introduced identical legislation in the Senate with U.S. Senator Tim Kaine & Senator Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski of Maryland. Let's pass this ASAP!
NASA/Langley in Hampton, VA has 3,500 employees: all but SEVEN have been furloughed.  This story makes me proud of the quality people who make-up Virginia's federal workforce. 
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., said Virginians have a right to be “mad as hell” about the partial shutdown of the federal government and he laid blame for the political train wreck on a faction of Republicans in the House of Representatives.  “This is a small group in the House of Representatives – one branch of the Congress, one branch of our three branches of government – who are saying if they don’t get what they want, they will shut down the government,” Warner told reporters in a conference call this afternoon. “And they have.”  - See more at: http://blogs.roanoke.com/politics/2013/10/01/warner-virginians-have-right-to-be-mad-as-hell-over-shutdown/#sthash.MCKxmnH9.dpuf
It is disappointing that the House majority is prepared to shut down the federal government in its continuing ideological opposition to the Affordable Care Act. This is not a responsible way to conduct our nation’s business. It threatens the economic recovery. It also is not fair to target the federal workforce to bear the brunt of this dysfunction. The Senate has now sent a clean interim spending measure to the House twice – a measure which already reflects compromise between the Senate and House spending plans. The House leadership should allow members to cast an up-or-down vote.
We’ve wasted a week on political shenanigans while every minute we wait brings us closer to a government shutdown, which will hurt the economy and unfairly punish Virginia workers and families. We cannot allow ideological issues to stop us from funding the basic operations of the government, and we should be working to get the nation’s fiscal house in order.
This is political theater at its worst.
ICYMI: Video from today's Google+ Hangout with Virginia21. Had a great time talking with students from all over the Commonwealth.
Senator Warner is starting his Google+ Hangout with Virginia21 in 10 minutes! You can watch live here http://www.virginia21.org/event/askwarner/ or ask a question by tweeting #askwarner  (staff)
Looking forward to my Google+ Hangout today with members of Virginia21! You can tweet a question to @virginia21 or use #AskWarner, and you can follow the Hangout at: http://www.virginia21.org/event/askwarner/
I’m very excited to speak with members of Virginia21 via Google+ Hangout tomorrow. Issues surrounding higher education affordability and accessibility are at the forefront of any discussions about strengthening our economy. You can tweet a question to @virginia21 or use #AskWarner, and you can follow the Hangout at: http://www.virginia21.org/event/askwarner/
One of my most important responsibilities as your Senator is nominating young men and women for admission to our country’s service academies. If you are interested in applying for a nomination, the deadline for submitting completed applications for the class entering the summer of 2014 is THIS FRIDAY, September 27 at 5 PM. More information is available at the link below.
NA
Truly incredible to celebrate 10 years of Virginia Tech in the ACC today as the #Hokies won in triple OT!
Great crowd at the opening of Bristol Rhythm and Roots Reunion! Awesome festival honoring Bristol's musical heritage.
Spoke at the Creative Economy Conference today on utilizing our unique Southwest Virginia assets - great music, art, and the outdoors - to strengthen #SWVA local business.
I received a letter from Carolyn Coveney, an incredible young Virginian and 10-year cancer survivor. For her Girl Scout Silver Award Project, Carolyn is spreading awareness of childhood cancer and the need research funding. As part of her project she gave Gold Ribbon pins to me and my staff.  We put the pins on and took this picture to send to Carolyn - thank you for your work and congratulations on 10 years without cancer! Go Carolyn!
Joining Swift Creek Middle School students this morning at the Virginia War Memorial to honor our veterans & commemorate National POW/MIA Recognition Day.
Senator Warner delivered an impassioned plea for fiscal responsibility yesterday at a hearing on the economic costs of debt-ceiling brinkmanship. With the government’s short-term funding resolution running out at the end of the month and a default on the nation’s debt looming in mid-October, Senator Warner called for both parties to put aside rhetoric and partisanship and work together. “It’s stunning to me that anyone who would claim economic expertise would say that messing with the full faith and credit of the United States of America is a responsible action,” Senator Warner said. “There’s been no major industrial nation that has ever gone through a significant default and recovered... We candidly ought to all get fired if we don’t raise this debt limit.” (staff)
10 years ago this week, responding to Hurricane Isabel. Worst storm in a generation: $1.6B property damage, 2M lost power. Our post-Isabel review led to strengthened emergency response partnerships with localities:  http://bit.ly/1529jzJ  #ThrowbackThursday #TBT
Stepped out of my Budget Task Force meeting to watch #Antares launch. A huge success and great news for the Commonwealth!
T - 1 hour! Best of luck to Virginia's own NASA's Wallops Flight Facility and Orbital Sciences Corporation today. Go #Antares and #Cygnus!!       #RocketNotToScale
Classy move by Washington Nationals: Nats wearing Navy hats to honor the victims of yesterday's tragedy.
Tragic incident at Navy Yard.  U.S. Navy has set up a hotline for families of workers looking for information. Call 202-433-6151 or 202-433-9713.
In February, #DREAMer Ambar Pinto was my guest for the State of the Union. Proud to welcome Ambar back as one of our interns this fall!  #tbt #throwbackthursday
The anniversary of September 11th provides each American with an opportunity to pause and reflect upon the lives of those who were taken from us 12 years ago. Our thoughts are with the families, friends and coworkers who still grieve, and those who continue to support the individuals who were injured at the Pentagon in Northern Virginia, in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and in New York City. 
  
 Today's twelfth anniversary also should remind each of us to salute the remarkable  courage, commitment, service and sacrifice willingly provided by our dedicated first responders, military families, and intelligence professionals, who work every day to keep Americans safe. 
  
 May God bless, and continue to protect, the United States of America.
Tonight, I believe the President outlined a responsible path to a credible diplomatic solution. I will work with my Senate colleagues to craft a bipartisan resolution that includes tight deadlines and which allows unannounced, even intrusive, inspections by international observers.   Let’s not forget what brought us to this point: the Syrian regime used chemical weapons against their own people. This was an atrocity that has been banned by international agreement for almost a century, and this conduct deserves strong  international condemnation.
Joined U.S. Senator Tim Kaine in a letter today asking the White House to include construction funds for the Craney Island Eastward Expansion project in their next budget.  This is a project of national significance that updates critical infrastructure, drives economic development, and creates jobs.  #HRVA
Had a great time at this weekend's Virginia Young Professionals Summit in Norfolk. Thanks to all who attended! Read a wrap-up of the event below.
Speaking with shipyard workers in Norfolk today. These folks represent the front line in Virginia's long, strong partnership with the U.S. Navy.
Proud of our #VAYPS2013 attendees for volunteering this morning at an elementary school in Norfolk!
Great conversations with a lot of Virginians this week in Fredericksburg, on the Northern Neck and Middle Peninsula, and down into Hampton Roads. 
 
 Glad I had this opportunity to encourage startup entrepreneurs in Fredericksburg, promote tourism on the Northern Neck, and tour the new Revolutionary War Museum under construction at Yorktown Victory Center. We’ve also held town hall meetings with residents and community leaders on the Northern Neck and the Peninsula, and we’ll visit with shipyard workers at BAE Ship Repair in Norfolk later today. 
 
 Saturday, I look forward to celebrating Virginia’s strong partnership with the Navy at the commissioning of the USS Minnesota, and we’re also hosting our 3rd annual Young Professionals Summit in Norfolk.
Shana Tovah to all those celebrating Rosh Hashanah across the Commonwealth! May you & your families have a sweet new year.
The federal government today successfully auctioned 113,000 acres off Virginia's coast for development of a wind farm.   Today’s auction represents an important milestone in the development of Virginia’s renewable energy industry. It not only helps make Virginia a leader in energy diversity and efficiency, it also provides an opportunity to create the jobs and the supply chain needed to support an offshore energy infrastructure. This project serves as a model for future offshore auctions and wind farm projects all over the U.S.     Associated Press Photo
The Virginia Young Professionals Summit starts this Friday! Have you signed up yet for this great (and free) event? 
I commend the President for the decision to seek authorization from Congress. The decision about whether or not to use military force in response to the Syrian atrocities raises significant issues that should be considered and debated by Congress. This debate will help define how America views its role as a world power.   The tone that we use while having this discussion also is vitally important. These are issues that should not break down along typical partisan lines, and the debate will provide an opportunity to demonstrate that America's elected leadership can come together to resolve serious issues. People across the country and indeed around the world will be watching closely as the world's greatest democracy debates, and then decides, these important questions.
The Treasury Department and IRS ruled today that legally married same-sex couples, no matter where they live or move, will now be treated as married for federal tax purposes. This is a great step forward for #MarriageEquality. It provides consistency and certainty, and follows the Supreme Court order to provide access to all of the benefits, responsibilities and protections under federal tax laws that every American deserves.
This morning Senator Warner met with 9-year-old Katie Helen of Daleville, VA, pictured here with her service dog, Lily. Katie was diagnosed with insulin dependent Type 1 diabetes at the age of 3. Lily helps Katie and her mom, Kathy, manage the fluctuation in Katie’s glucose levels.  Katie, Kathy, Lily and others from all over the Commonwealth met with Senator Warner and staff today to talk about the importance of the Special Diabetes Program (SDP), a program that’s very important to the Senator and his family. One of Senator Warner’s three daughters also suffers from Type 1 diabetes, and he continues to fight for funding and support for diabetes research side by side with other families affected by diabetes.   More: http://www.warner.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/blog?ContentRecord_id=be095e1e-45bf-4c41-8cdd-6c191e1ce8b9
Today's the 50th anniversary of one of the greatest speeches of all time. Here's the fascinating backstory of Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech.  #mow50
NA
Had a great time last night in Bristol at the Speedway! #swva
Honored to speak at Blue Ridge Jobs Corps commencement in Marion. Critics of federal investment should meet these incredible ladies.
Community town hall in Pulaski County, live at the Draper Mercantile  - incredible turnout and smart questions. #swva
Had fun touring Norfolk Southern in Roanoke today after a town hall with workers!
Great to be in Chesapeake this morning for a roundtable with the Hampton Roads Realtor Association on housing finance reform. #GSEReform #hrva
At Hardywood Park Craft Brewery for a tour and a roundtable with some of Virginia's great craft brewers. Proud to support a growing industry in Virginia.
Great to meet Parker, rally pig for the Richmond Flying Squirrels. #gosquirrels #rva
Arriving for town hall w/ residents of #RVA’s Beaufont Health Care Ctr
Proud to help launch #NVTCveterans employment initiative today in #NOVA. It's incumbent upon us to turn words into action when it comes to helping vets.
Follow me on Instagram for photos and updates as I travel across the Commonwealth: http://t.co/e0ReerQjAR
Good luck to the McLean little league all-stars! Will play in softball World Series championship game tonight at 11pm on ESPN2.
We have had five years to learn the lessons of the financial crisis and have the benefit of half a decade of hindsight. Economists, industry participants, many policy makers, and now the White House agree: now is the time for housing finance reform.
Good luck to Tuckahoe American Little League All-Stars team. They've advanced to the Southeastern regional championship and will be playing tonight on ESPN at 7pm! 
As governor, I was proud to work with local and regional leaders to identify the need and prepare the launch of the New College Institute. I congratulate the NCI leadership for pursuing this grant as part of NCI’s growth. NCI  is a key component of Martinsville and Henry County’s economic development strategy, and I am eager to do everything I can to continue to move this project forward.
Very proud of the work my staff does on behalf of the Commonwealth. To see our schedule of "Warner on Your Corner" meetings, visit: www.warner.senate.gov.
#ThrowbackThursday all the way back to law school - and my very '70's 'stache.
Sign up now for the Virginia Young Professionals Summit, September 6-7 in Norfolk: http://warner.senate.gov
It’s good to see additional momentum to strengthen the economic recovery by addressing mortgage finance reform. Our bipartisan Senate approach protects taxpayers while maintaining access to affordable mortgage credit. Our proposal also will end the current Fannie and Freddie model of private gains and public losses.  To date, nearly half of the members of the Senate Banking Committee – five Democrats and five Republicans – have signed-on as cosponsors of our reform legislation, and the chairman and ranking member have made housing finance reform a priority. I look forward to getting to work on this issue with my colleagues in September.   #GSEReform
I am relieved to see the Pentagon has further reduced mandatory, unpaid furlough days for civilian employees, eliminating five of the 11 furlough days that were expected over the rest of this fiscal year. However, our broader budget issues still remain. I’ll continue pushing for a bipartisan agreement that cuts federal spending in a rational way, and reforms our tax code and entitlement programs in a fair way.
You're invited to this year's Virginia Young Professionals Summit on September 6 and 7 in Norfolk. This summit will provide a forum for our next generation of leaders from across the Commonwealth to connect, build relationships and share ideas about how to move Virginia forward. REGISTER HERE: http://warner.senate.gov/ypsummit  #VAYPS2013
We never had 'the conversation’ with my mother about what kind of care she wanted at the end of her life. When she developed advanced Alzheimer’s we were totally helpless. This bipartisan legislation would help patients and their families avoid that terrible situation by meeting with a team that can include, per the patient’s wishes, a doctor, nurse, social worker and a religious leader, to get information about the expected course of their disease, the pros and the cons of relevant treatments, and explanations of advanced medical directives. This will give patients more control over how they will live.
This bipartisan legislation will allow us to finally move forward on developing the Commonwealth Crossing Business Center. I’m proud that we’ve been able to work across the aisle and with state and local officials to remove this regulatory hurdle. This is a commonsense, bipartisan solution that will help create real jobs in Henry County.
Today Representative Scott Rigell and I urged Congress to  replace the devastating spending cuts required under #sequestration with a long-term, bipartisan fix before returning home for August recess: http://1.usa.gov/1bLg6pA  #furlough
The secret's out! Richmond is #7 on a list of cities that offer both #jobs and culture.  #RVA
In a Banking Committee hearing today I pressed SEC Chair Mary Jo White to introduce regulations for equity #crowdfunding, a tool that allows entrepreneurs and small businesses to raise capital over the internet. There’s enormous opportunity to use this new tool in rural, smaller markets that don’t now have access to early-stage capital. I’ve traveled around Virginia and the country, and there’s a nascent industry waiting for the regulations to get done.
It was great to attend the launch of Kiva in Richmond yesterday. This is a great new opportunity for hard-working entrepreneurs here in Virginia to get targeted assistance to grow their businesses. Kiva is building on its proven track record in microfinance by launching this program which will support entrepreneurship, create local jobs, and continue the revitalization of our community.
NA
"Warner said the topic of immigration has been a tough one to tackle, but and added reform is long overdue.   'I could move to China and live out the rest of my life there and never become Chinese…America is the only place where people can come and be first-generation citizens,' said Warner." (staff)
Celebrating the launch of Kiva Richmond today in #RVA
Great to see my friend DeAngelo Hall in Richmond today! Go Hokies! #HTTR
Talking about how we can move #immigration reform fwd at LULAC and HOLA town hall in Woodbridge #NoVa
NA
Had a great time this morning with more than 225 Virginia Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts, Royal Rangers and their families!
Here is what I have done and will continue to do: I will keep fighting for the significant federal work force that lives in the Commonwealth of Virginia. I will continue to come down to the floor and appeal to my colleagues and provide real examples of the real impacts that this sequestration is actually having on people's livelihoods. On a personal basis, I am giving up 20% of my salary through the end of this budget year. I am donating it to the federal employee education and assistance fund which provides emergency loans as well as childcare assistance, scholarship and other financial help for the families of federal and postal workers. I will continue to work with any colleague -- Democrat, Republican, Independent, Libertarian, vegetarian, it doesn't matter -- who is willing to work together on a deal to replace sequestration in a more rational way and get our debt and deficit under control.
Enjoyed spending time this morning with Jacob Nelson, Galen Creekmore, Alexis James and Grace Zeng, who are spending a week in DC learning about government and citizenship through American Legion Girls and Boys Nation. The students selected to represent their states are referred to as “Senators!”
Glad to vote yes on bipartisan Senate compromise on #studentloans. Will continue working on keeping college affordable for all students.
Great conference call today with Virginia economic development officials on creating jobs.
Our constant shuffling from crisis to crisis has left businesses from NoVa to Norfolk unable to plan more than a few months in advance, costing them valuable resources and limiting their ability to guarantee workers stable employment. If we don’t come together in Congress and find a permanent replacement for sequestration – a broad, bipartisan agreement that includes both tax and entitlement reforms, as well as smarter spending cuts – we will continue to see this type of waste and inefficiency.  This is no way to do business.
Great to see progress on offshore wind in #HRVa. Will continue working on developing other coastal energy options.
NA
I heard from dozens of Hampton Roads military families who were understandably upset about the impact of this TRICARE policy change on their kids, and it certainly appears to have been poorly thought-out. Equally frustrating was their difficulty in getting the attention of anybody at TRICARE so they could express their concerns. We ask an awful lot of our military families, who already are dealing with the stress and disruption of repeated deployments and regular relocations. We should not be adding to that stress,  especially for military families who are caring for young children with unique challenges.
Yesterday I met with 12-year-old Frances Gardner of Newport News, pictured here with her little brother Bradley. Frances and Bradley's dad is 51 years old and he suffers from early onset Alzheimer’s. Their grandmother and uncle have also suffered from the disease. My mother died after suffering from Alzheimer’s for more than 10 years, so I understand how hard it must be for Frances and Bradley to lose their dad in front of their eyes.
 
 Frances wrote me a beautiful letter about her family and asked for my support for Alzheimer’s research.  She said that she worries about Bradley getting the disease.
 
 “I sometimes think what would happen if he gets the same thing as my Dad and Uncle and Grandmother. I don’t want him to get this disease. I want him to always be my little brother (even if he gets taller than me) and I don’t want to lose him because a cure hasn’t been found,” she said.
 
 As co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease I’m proud to tell Frances today that I am signing on to the HOPE for Alzheimer's Act. The Act will improve diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and increase access to information on care and support for newly diagnosed individuals and their families - providing essential support for those facing this devastating, debilitating disease.
 
 Hopefully with better support and research, we can help prevent people like Frances and me from losing their parents to Alzheimer’s once and for all.
Best wishes to Nelson Mandela on his 95th birthday and prayers for a continued recovery. #MandelaDay
Today I sent a letter to the Pentagon asking them to explain a TRICARE change in services for military families with autistic children. I voted in support of expanded autism treatment options as part of the 2013 defense bill, because we know our military families face unique stresses and challenges from deployments and relocations. We’re asking the Pentagon to explain why they now have chosen to make disruptive changes to these important services to military families with special needs children. There must be a better way.
Congratulations to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc on their 100 year anniversary! Great to meet with some of their Virginia members today in D.C.
“Our country needs an all of the above energy policy,” said Sen. Warner, “and we’ve seen remarkable progress as far as natural gas and even some traditional oil reserves, but putting all our eggs is one basket is not smart.”  (staff)
Glad to see strong, bipartisan vote to move forward on confirming a qualified nominee. #ConfirmCordray
I joined 15 of my colleagues yesterday in calling for an investigation into the fees and practices associated with pre-paid “payroll cards,” cards some employers use to pay their employees instead of payroll checks or direct deposit. We must send a loud and clear signal that we will not tolerate financial products that take advantage of vulnerable, low-income workers.
Spoke this morning at Bisnow's 2nd annual #NoVA State of the Market in Falls Church.
I spoke earlier today on the Senate floor about the impact of sequester spending cuts and the furloughs of thousands of Virginians who work for the federal government. As a member of the Senate who has the privilege of representing the Commonwealth, I will continue to reiterate this point for my colleagues: every day that we remain paralyzed by dysfunction, we’re asking our federal employees and their families to absorb most of the impact. It has been 110 days since the Senate worked until five o’clock in the morning to adopt a budget. Today, for the 16th time, Senate Republicans blocked us from working with the House on that budget.
Excited to host the third annual Virginia Young Professionals Summit on September 6-7 in Norfolk. I hope you can join us!
Proud to join U.S. Senator Tim Kaine this morning to introduce Patricia Millett at her confirmation hearing for the DC Circuit. I recommend the confirmation of Patricia Millett without reservation, and it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a Virginian with such extensive legal experience and wide, bipartisan support.
#Ramadan Mubarak to all those celebrating across Virginia! Best wishes for this special month.
An op/ed in Monday's Boston Globe praises the housing finance reform proposal from Sen. Warner and Tennessee GOP Sen. Bob Corker as "bipartisan, substantive and bold -- three words not often found together in today’s Washington." http://1.usa.gov/12B29Rp  (staff)
Congress must pass a fix to keep student loan rates low. More than 179,000 Virginia students took out 2013-14 subsidized Stafford loans. #DontDoubleMyRate
After 30 years, a Virginia veteran's son has finally located the American flag his father made with a bed sheet and colored pencils in a WWII POW camp. I asked the Navy to loan the flag to the Virginia War Memorial in Richmond for display: http://1.usa.gov/12mt3LO
Fantastic July 4th story of military service and pride: eager to help display this POW-made USA flag in Virginia. 
When we ask our citizens to move overseas and support our armed forces we owe them a debt of gratitude, and must ensure they are treated fairly.
I was proud to vote today to reform our nation’s broken #immigration system. The status quo is a burden on the economy and an impediment to innovation. This bipartisan compromise will grow our economy, reduce the deficit, and continue our proud tradition of offering everyone a fair shot at achieving the American Dream while also strengthening our borders.  #CIR
ICYMI: Sen. Warner joined Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN) and colleagues from the Budget Committee yesterday to introduce bipartisan housing finance reform. MORE: http://1.usa.gov/14pNHgM  (staff)
Huge victories today, but more work to be done to ensure #MarriageEquality for all Americans. #SCOTUS
YES!!!!! #DOMA
Agree w/POTUS: "We don't have time for a meeting of the flat-earth society." Climate change is real. I will review the proposals and push for solutions, including our energy productivity bill: http://1.usa.gov/14MMORV   #ActOnClimate
Housing finance is the last piece of unfinished business remaining after the 2008 economic meltdown. We have designed thoughtful reforms that will protect taxpayers from future downturns while responsibly preserving the availability of the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage for home buyers.
It is critical that we have an electoral system that is open, fair and not overly burdensome. This is particularly important given our history of unfairly restricting access to the ballot in Virginia. I am deeply disappointed in today’s Supreme Court ruling, and  I will work with my colleagues in Congress and move quickly to put in place a fair process that ensures our elections are open to all. #VRA #VotingRightsAct
We need real #housing finance reform. Proud to introduce bipartisan legislation today with Senator Bob Corker to protect taxpayers from future bailouts caused by economic downturns and preserve market liquidity.
Senator Bob Corker (R-TN) and I are headed to Squawk Box on CNBC at 8:15am to announce our bipartisan bill to strengthen the #housing finance system.
INFOGRAPHIC: Here are 6 ways #CIR will help our economy. #timeisnow #immigration
Happy to be at #RVAStreetsAlive today. Great event promoting health, physical fitness and Richmond!
Kicking off my 2013 Virginia Leadership Summit this morning with Lieutenant Governor Bill Bolling.
Kicking off the second annual Virginia Leadership Summit with Governor Bob McDonnell and Lieutenant Governor Bill Bolling tonight in Richmond.  This great event will bring alumni from Virginia's various leadership programs together for high-level conversations around the challenges and opportunities in education, jobs, and workforce development
Celebrating the opening of The Launch Place in Danville - supports local entrepreneurs through seed funding &  business services.
Great to be back at Ma Possum's in Danville!
Touring the ABB facility in South Boston. They manufacture power transformers here in Southside. Very cool!
NA
Our national park system provides outstanding recreation and tourism opportunities for roughly 300 million people a year, and serve as real economic drivers for surrounding communities by generating more than $30 billion in economic activity annually. Our national parks are truly "America’s Best Idea" and I am proud to sponsor this bipartisan bill to continue supporting them at no additional cost to taxpayers.
Our amendment provides a smart, targeted improvement to the bipartisan immigration proposal by expanding the ability of qualified entrepreneurs and foreign-born STEM graduates to pursue investments and new jobs here in America. We need to become more competitive in the global race for talent, and this amendment provides additional tools that will help boost America’s competitiveness.
With comprehensive, bipartisan immigration legislation, we can strike a proper balance where everybody gets something and no one gets everything they want. The comprehensive and bipartisan Senate bill isn’t perfect. It’s a compromise. Democrats don’t get everything they want, and neither do Republicans.
NA
NA
Proud to report that the Senate Armed Services Committee has incorporated our proposals to strengthen military whistleblower protection laws to ensure that victims of sexual assault and other misconduct are protected from retaliation.
“When I was Governor, we were able to bully the legislature into approving a $2.2 million in scholarships to those who lost educational opportunities due to Massive Resistance and Virginia’s decision to close rather than integrate its schools in the late 1950’s and 60s. However, history affects us but doesn't always change us. I vividly recall the very day those first scholarship recipients came to the Virginia Capitol to celebrate, the legislature was adopting some of the strongest anti-gay marriage legislation in the country.”  -Sen. Warner  (staff)
Proud the Senate has taken this important step toward immigration reform. The time is now. // Orgulloso que el Senado ha tomado este importante paso hacia una reforma migratoria integral. El tiempo es ahora.
The long lines and wait times that many voters in Virginia and across the country experienced last November were unacceptable for the world’s leading democracy. We need to continue looking for opportunities to improve access to this most basic Constitutional right.
NA
We need a comprehensive policy approach on immigration in order to enact reasonable reforms for agricultural workers, for the 11 million undocumented immigrants already here, and for the millions of children called Dreamers who have only ever known the U.S. as home.
"Men and women who join the military do so out of a profound sense of service to the country. We owe them a debt of gratitude, not a blind eye."
What we’re trying to do is create a safe climate, so that if someone is the victim of assault…there’s a culture in the military that says you should be able to bring that forward in a way that’s not going to affect your long-term career.  Too often we’re seeing the victims or whistleblowers get retaliated against, and that’s got to stop.
I joined NoVA faith and community leaders last night to announce an agreement with several leading banks to provide $30 million of housing assistance in Prince William County – the hardest-hit Virginia locality during the housing foreclosure crisis. By some estimates, 20,000 county residents lost their homes to foreclosure: http://1.usa.gov/16GLGTl
I congratulate V.O.I.C.E.  Virginians Organized for Interfaith Community Engagement for its success in securing significant commitments from leading banks in order to begin fixing some of the mess left behind from exploitative lending practices in Prince William County leading up to 2008. We know that Prince William and surrounding communities were among the hardest hit in Virginia. VOICE and other faith community leaders have worked tirelessly to help families while holding banks responsible for their prior bad actions. VOICE’s revitalization plan will assist residents who found themselves guided into mortgage contracts that should never have been available to them in the first place and will help stabilize the community for the long term.
From Richmond Times-Dispatch: "Recent days have seen welcome moves by Virginia’s congressional delegation. Members of both parties share the credit."
Introduced legislation to strengthen existing military whistleblower protection laws to ensure that victims of sexual assault and other misconduct are protected from retaliation. The current whistleblower system is broken and dishonors the overwhelming majority of our military men and women who are serving with dignity and honor.
This is an issue of fairness. The Chickahominy, Eastern Chickahominy, Monacan, Nansemond, Rappahannock and Upper Mattaponi tribes of Virginia deserved to receive federal recognition long ago, and this legislation is necessary to make that happen.
Use #TalkHigherEd to join Senator Ron Wyden and I for a Twitter town hall TODAY at 4:30pm on the Student Right to Know Before You Go Act - our bipartisan legislation to help students make better informed higher ed decisions.
Senator Tim Kaine and I introduced legislation today that expands offshore energy leases and includes revenue sharing for Virginia. I have long advocated for additional exploration and the responsible production of domestic energy resources off of Virginia’s coast. This bill includes appropriate environmental protections and an equitable formula for sharing revenues between the state and federal governments.
Looking forward to holding a Twitter town hall with Senator Ron Wyden tomorrow at 4:30pm on our Know Before You Go Act. Know Before You Go gives students the info they need to make informed choices about their higher education. Tweet Q's or follow the conversation using #TalkHigherEd.
#iMarch because now is the time to pass comprehensive immigration reform. Join the march here: marchforinnovation.com/
Introduced a bill today with Rob Wittman that would bring increased accountability measures and a more collaborative management approach to Chesapeake Bay restoration efforts. The Bay is a national treasure that is central to the culture and the economy of many coastal communities in Virginia and neighboring states. In order to be successful in our efforts to improve its health, the different agencies and groups who share concerns about the Bay must do a better job of coordinating their efforts,
I'm proud to introduce the bipartisan DATA Act today with Rob Portman. This legislation will improve and expand federal fiscal accountability, and it's an example of how Washington is supposed to work - across the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol.
As we hear more about the Oklahoma tornado, my already deep respect for our school teachers grows even more.
"While saying he did not blame people for becoming cynical and alienated about the hyper-partisan political climate, Warner pressed George Mason University graduates to involve themselves in the nation’s political debates in a respectful manner.  “We should be able to debate these critical issues without questioning each other’s motives or commitment to our country,” he said. “No one in politics – and I mean no one – has a monopoly on virtue or patriotism or the truth.”  (staff)
A Virginia Marine is looking for the man he saved in Vietnam, and you can help! Please share this great story from WSET. 
Military families entrust the government with their children’s education, and their children should not be made to suffer because of Congress's inability to get our fiscal act together. I am inviting my colleagues to join with us in a letter to Defense Secretary Hagel urging him to reconsider this decision, and exempt Department of Defense educators from furloughs.
Looking forward to chairing a Senate Budget Committee Government Performance Task Force hearing on making STEM more effective at 10am. Livestream available here: http://1.usa.gov/b6BWGq
Congratulations to Virginia's own Marilyn Tavenner on her confirmation to lead CMS. She's a phenomenal choice to lead Medicare/aid during an important time.
“By conveying authority over certain parts of Craney Island to the Virginia Port Authority, our amendment removes some of the red tape that has hindered a project that is vital to Virginia’s economic development. I am pleased we also were successful in updating an outdated regulation that prevented the Four Mile Run project from moving forward into a recreational and ecological resource for Northern Virginia. Our third amendment could provide meaningful opportunities to broaden efforts to replenish oyster stocks.”  -Sen. Warner (staff)
Whoever follows Dr. Steger will inherit a healthier and more dynamic Virginia Tech than ever, and President Steger should take considerable pride in his 14 years of service as his life moves into its next chapter.
If we work together in the Senate to extend the Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic model, we could help many of our veterans AND help reduce the VA backlog.
“These appalling actions by the IRS are completely unacceptable. We need a quick but thorough investigation, and those who are found to have been responsible for this betrayal of the public trust should be fired.”  -Senator Warner (staff)
NA
"Today, at age 58, Warner is in the fifth year of his six-year Senate term, trying again to persuade others to follow his lead - or at least join a bipartisan crusade - to solve a national problem: getting control of a fast-growing national debt that he and others say is stifling a slow-moving economy... With only months remaining until a divided Congress shifts to re-election mode, the prospects of bipartisan compromise are dimming. All 435 House seats and 33 Senate seats, including Warner's, will be up for grabs.
 
 'I think this is our last, best chance,' Warner said in a recent interview. 'The country really needs this.'"
 
 More: http://1.usa.gov/11qfPEa   (staff)
On Military Spouse Appreciation Day, big thanks to all our Virginia military spouses for their support and sacrifices on the homefront.
Today I held a roundtable with Senators Ron Wyden and Marco Rubio to introduce our "Student Right to Know Before You Go" Act. This bipartisan legislation would help give students and their families more data about colleges and universities, including graduation rates, student loan debt, employment prospects and potential future earnings. Ana Blanco, a junior at Alexandria’s TC Williams high school, explained at the roundtable how the bill could help students like her. “I’m going to be the first from my family to graduate college and right now it’s hard when your parents don’t really know the college process, and you’re the one who has to do the research… to find out what am I going to do with my life, where am I going to go. To me it [this proposal] sounds like it would be a great benefit.” More here: http://1.usa.gov/10l9Qt5
Senator Warner led an effort on the Senate floor today calling on Republican colleagues to allow budget negotiations to begin with the U.S. House of Representatives. Senator Warner, a member of the Budget Committee and a leader since 2010 in bipartisan efforts to reach a compromise on meaningful deficit and debt reduction, reminded his colleagues that the Senate passed its budget resolution 46 days ago. Since then, however, Republican senators repeatedly have blocked efforts to name budget conferees to sit down and work to resolve the differences between the Senate and House budget resolutions. (staff)
Every day American law enforcement officials like these seven Special Agents put their lives on the line in order to keep America safe.  They perform their duties with honor and patriotism, and I admire them for their service to the nation… We are happy to have them back home and extremely proud of what they have accomplished.
While the Senate's been in session, Senator Warner's been traveling the Commonwealth on nights and weekends. Check out the video below to see what he's been up to.  (staff)
Great meeting with Virginia Breast Cancer Foundation today in DC to talk about breast cancer research - thanks for the cookie!
Talking immigration with leaders from our agriculture community at the Virginia Farm Bureau.
Spoke earlier at Asian/Latino trade conference in Richmond. Trade has been on back burner for too long. We need to move it forward.
“I think during tight fiscal times the two areas people look to are ‘we’ve got to cut spending’ or ‘we’ve got to raise taxes,’” said Sen. Warner. “There is a third way, that is through better management, better program consolidation, through these kind of initiatives that we are talking about.” (Staff)  More: http://1.usa.gov/13MHMm6
From the Lewis B. Puller, Jr. Veterans Benefits Clinic: "The great news continues! The Puller Clinic is honored that Senator Mark Warner has urged the VA to use our Clinic model as a national model to help decrease the backlog."
After a decade of war, and despite the VA’s efforts to modernize, more than 600,000 veterans are still stuck in the VA’s disability claims backlog. While the average wait time for first time disability claims currently ranges between 316 and 327 days, veterans in certain parts of the country are waiting even longer. Solving this problem is critical for veterans of all generations. We need direct and public involvement from the President to establish a clear plan to end the backlog once and for all.
Talking deficit reduction and the importance of bipartisanship with Dell employees in Fairfax
Grabbing lunch at Northside Social in Clarendon
Joining my friend Bruce DePuyt this morning on NewsChannel 8's NewsTalk.
“We all know how important coal has been and will continue to be to the economy of Southwest Virginia. Although miner health and safety continue to improve, these issues are still of great importance,” Senator told attendees of UVA Wise’s Miner Health and Safety Symposium.  “We need to keep mines safe and environmentally sound, but not without considering the impact on what is an important source of energy and jobs.” (Staff)
Since you're asking: Members of Congress & staff should NOT be exempt from Affordable Care Act rules applying to anyone covered thru their employer.
Today Senator Warner met with eight young entrepreneurs – they call themselves “mini-preneurs” – who’ve raised nearly $13,000 online through a variety of efforts focused on teamwork and creativity. The 6-to-10 year olds are leaders in a secure online community called Tomorrow's Lemonade Stand. 
 
 They wanted to know all about Senator Warner’s early days as an entrepreneur in the cell phone business: “Being an entrepreneur can be a lot of fun, but it can also be kinda scary,” Senator Warner told them. “Being in business for yourself means taking risks – and being willing to lose everything in order to keep pushing a good idea.”
Education is under assault in America, and this is exactly why we need smart deficit reduction.  Cutting education is not only the wrong thing to do morally, but if we continue slashing funding to education, roads and bridges, and research and development, America’s not going to stay competitive globally.
We need to level the playing field between our bricks-and-mortar, neighborhood small businesses and the big online and catalog retailers.  Virginia already imposes this sales tax on catalog and online purchases, but has no way to collect it.
“The continuation of the Task Force represents a strong, ongoing commitment from the Budget Committee to keep looking for smart ways to save taxpayer dollars by improving how our government works. This kind of oversight work typically does not generate a lot of headlines, but I look forward to working with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to find new ways to save taxpayer money.”
NA
On Earth day 2013, it’s important to not overlook what could be gained by greater emphasis on productivity. Every utility across the U.S. should connect with their customers and communities by better encouraging energy productivity. Meeting that challenge nationwide could add another 1.3 million jobs, cut carbon emissions and oil and gas imports by a third, boost GDP by 2 percent, and eliminate waste equal to the nation’s entire household credit card debt.”
At Port of Virginia HQ in Norfolk, talking about how national infrastructure bank would spur job growth and help America stay competitive.
Congrats to NASA Wallops and Orbital Sciences on today's successful Antares launch! VIDEO: http://t.co/MAoyGFtTWK
Just lit the "diya" to celebrate the opening of the 7th annual Taste of India festival in Norfolk!
One of my most rewarding responsibilities as a Senator is nominating Virginia’s exceptional young men and women for admission to our country’s service academies. I am proud to host more than 500 students, parents and guidance counselors today for our third annual Service Academy Day in Charlottesville!
Rooting for the recovery of injured Boston transit officer Richard Donohue -- a Virginia Military Institute alum: http://bit.ly/13vra65
Although we applaud the recent decision to reduce likely furlough days from 22 to 14 days, thousands of Virginians still face a significant loss of pay, which will have a particularly disproportionate impact on the citizens of our state. We sincerely hope the Department of Defense will do all it can to lessen the impact of possible furloughs on our civil servants and believe there are additional steps that can be taken to support this effort.
We can’t allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good.  Legislating is messy. It requires compromise and no one gets everything they want – but we can’t afford to continue with the system we have in place.  The religious community will be an important partner throughout this immigration debate and I’m counting on you to help us get the message out that reform is needed.
It’s very disappointing that we could not reach 60 votes in the Senate for the reasonable, bipartisan legislation to strengthen background checks.
I am reviewing the bipartisan Group of Eight immigration proposal and my initial impressions are very positive.  I am encouraged to see a consensus forming to take action to reform our broken immigration system. Immigrants in Virginia are small business owners, entrepreneurs, agricultural workers, top students, neighbors and community leaders.  These new Americans help make our Commonwealth stronger. /  Estoy estudiando la propuesta recientemente publicada por el grupo bipartidista de ocho senadores y  mis primeras impresiones son positivas. Virginia cuenta con una comunidad hispana vibrante y creciente que ha contribuido en todas las facetas en la historia de nuestro estado. Los inmigrantes en Virginia son propietarios de pequeñas empresas, fundadores de compañías de tecnología, trabajadores agrícolas, estudiantes sobresalientes, líderes cívicos y más que nada nuestros vecinos. Son estos nuevos estadounidenses los que han contribuido en la creación de una Virginia llena de oportunidades.
"35 to 40 percent of tech-related companies in Northern Virginia have at least one founder that is a first-generation American," Senator Warner said. "If we had Post-9/11 immigration policies in place in the 1980s and 90s, I am not sure we would ever have had companies like Intel or Google."  (staff)
Today, I urge you all, on this National Healthcare Decisions Day (NHDD), to discuss your healthcare preferences and goals with your family and friends. Fill out an advance directive. Think of it as a gift.
Senator Warner marked the sixth anniversary of the April 16th shootings at Virginia Tech with a speech on the floor of the Senate today. He praised Virginia officials for moving quickly after the 2007 shootings to add mental health court records to Virginia’s instant background check for gun purchases.  During the floor speech, Senator Warner confirmed that the gun control legislation about to be debated in the Senate includes his proposal to set-up a National Campus Safety Center. The Center will coordinate national research and federal resources to make America’s college and university campuses safer. (staff)
We remember April 16, 2007.
My heart goes out to those impacted by events in Boston, esp the 600+ Va runners and their friends and families. If you're unable to find a loved one, please post here: http://goo.gl/eD44L  or here: http://rdcrss.org/N3R2yG
Proud to have participated in this project by UniteWomen.org.
NA
“My hope is that this will be something we can agree on,” Senator Warner said. “That if we’re going to stay competitive, we’ve got to have infrastructure that is competitive with the rest of the world, and we’ve got to be creative about how to do that.”  (staff)
Senator Warner and U.S. Senator Tim Kaine today held a reception for Virginians attending the “Time is Now” immigration rally on Capitol Hill. Both reiterated their support for a reform that includes a reasonable and fair pathway to citizenship for the 11 million people who currently live in the shadows of America.  (staff)  /  Los Senadores Warner y Kaine tuvieron una recepción donde platicaron con los virginianos que asistían la marcha en Washington D.C. para pedir la reforma migratoria. Ambos senadores reiteraron su apoyo para una propuesta que incluye una solución práctica para los millones de inmigrantes indocumentados que viven en los Estados Unidos actualmente. “Es el momento. Este es el ano,” dijo Warner. Pongámonos a trabajar.
NA
I support the bipartisan compromise on background checks announced by Senators Manchin and Toomey today. It will strengthen our background check system, close the gun show loophole and prohibit the commercial sale of guns to those who are mentally ill or have a criminal record.  The bill also contains appropriate exemptions for responsible gun owners, allowing for direct transfers between family and friends.   The Manchin-Toomey compromise on background checks, combined with measures to prevent gun trafficking and our own proposal to improve school and campus safety, represents a reasonable approach and I support these measures.
For those of us who have been working for some time on bipartisan solutions to the debt, I am encouraged by the President’s budget proposal. It cuts the growth in federal spending, makes targeted investments to strengthen the economy, and it passes the test of fairness by including specific, phased-in reforms to entitlement programs.   His proposals on entitlement reform already have drawn fire from both the left and the right. I happen to believe the President is doing the right thing: he’s putting everything on the table.   Now it’s time for Republicans and Democrats to step-up and work to get this done. A reasonable and bipartisan fix to our fiscal challenges will strengthen our economic competitiveness and could do a lot to encourage growth and job creation.
Improving government efficiency and requiring performance metrics is not headline-grabbing stuff, but this is very important work that ultimately will save significant tax dollars
Senator Warner scored a high-five today from a Longfellow Middle School student during their eighth grade class trip to DC.  (staff)
Congrats to Roanoke native and Hidden Valley High School grad Luke Hancock for being named Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four!
On Yom HaShoah we remember the victims of the Holocaust and pledge to combat prejudice and hate. We must never forget.
NA
“I know that you share my belief that we absolutely owe it to our military families to ensure we are providing first-rate, safe facilities on our military installations. This is especially true for the children of our troops, many of whom are deployed and rely upon us to provide their families safe and adequate housing and child care,” Sen. Warner wrote. (staff)
Lots of new friends made during a great 3 day Valley trip from Winchester to Wytheville
Speaking with community leaders about immigration reform at Habana Cafe in Roanoke
Army PFC Alonzo Haynes’ brother contacted Senator Warner recently after learning that his late brother was eligible for medals he earned almost 70 years ago. On Friday, Lou Kadiri, director of Senator Warner’s Roanoke office, presented his family with Alonzo Haynes’ awards, as well as a flag that flew over the U.S. Capitol in his honor. "I am so honored to get these medals,” said Tollie Haynes. “I'll never forget him. This touches my heart. It means a great deal, just like part of him came back.”  (staff)
Chag sameach to all those celebrating Passover across the Commonwealth.
I support marriage equality because it is the fair and right thing to do. Like many Virginians and Americans, my views on gay marriage have evolved, and this is the inevitable extension of my efforts to promote equality and opportunity for everyone. I was proud to be the first Virginia governor to extend anti-discrimination protections to LGBT state workers. In 2010, I supported an end to the military’s ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ policy, and earlier this month I signed an amicus brief urging the repeal of DOMA. I believe we should continue working to expand equal rights and opportunities for all Americans.
“There’s a large majority in the Senate who know that we’ve got to get this done,” Senator Warner said. “We’ve got to get revenues, we’re got to make sure Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid are sustainable for 50, 60 years, and we’ve got to do smarter cuts than we’ve put forward in the sequester.”  (staff)
COLLOQUY \ noun \ˈkä-lə-kwē\  1: conversation, dialogue 2: a high-level serious discussion  Sens. Warner and Tim Kaine discussed budgets, sequester and  deficits in a colloquy on the Senate floor today.
Senator Warner's NCAA bracket: VCU Rams to the Elite Eight -- Hoosiers to win it all. BTW, the Senator filled this out on his own time...   - staff
“I was at a bipartisan dinner last night where we were talking through how we can get some new ideas into this debate, because we can’t simple re-debate the same old terms. So hope springs eternal. The alternative is pretty grim.”  -Sen. Warner on WTOP Radio this morning (staff)
NA
I share the concern of a lot of our members on both sides of the aisle. The fact is we’re $16 trillion in debt, $16.5 trillion in debt, and it goes up $3 billion every night. None of this is self-correcting. It’s going to have to be reduced and dealt with. As a document, the document you’re going to put forward is not my, or probably any member’s, perfect solution. But it is credible, it is real, and it is a framework to ‘reboot’ some of our conversations.
“We in Virginia and particularly in Hampton Roads feel this more than most communities in America,” Senator Warner continued, “because we’ve obviously got a lot of presence of the Navy, of military, of folks on student assistance.  And we’re hurting now.  But other parts of America are going to start hurting too in the months to come.” (staff)
Senator Mark Warner and Senator Bob Corker, members of the Senate Banking Committee, wrote to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder today asking him to clarify his "too big to jail" remarks. They ask if it is “truly the position of the Department of Justice that some financial institutions are large enough that their management is above prosecution in the case of a serious crime?”  They further note that “like many of our colleagues, we believe that criminal behavior at any institution ought to be prosecuted, and responsible parties held accountable.”  (staff)
“It doesn’t make any sense for a mathematician or engineer to graduate from Kansas State with a PHD, get job offers everywhere, and end up working in Vancouver because our immigration rules prohibit him staying in Kansas,” Senator Warner told CNN about the Startup Act 3.0, which removes legal barriers to high-skilled immigrants working and starting businesses in America. “We’ve got enormous assets in America in terms of universities and access to capital. We’ve got to win the talent war as well.”  (staff)
While questioning regulators from the Federal Reserve, the Treasury, and the Comptroller of the Currency’s office, Senator Warner today expressed deep concerns about the failure of regulators to effectively stop or punish big banks’ illegal activity.   “There was a statement from the attorney general the other day,” he began, referring to Attorney General Eric Holder’s comments this week that HSBC was ‘too big to jail,' “and I’d like to get some clarification from you… I do not personally believe that it can be the position of the United States Government that any institution should be too large to prosecute.”  (staff)
Great to hear POTUS has signed the Violence Against Women Act into law. This bill will provide crucial resources and protections, and I am proud to have been a cosponsor.
Senator Warner called Virginians personally to listen to their concerns about across-the-board sequestration cuts and their effect on the Commonwealth. More: http://1.usa.gov/ZfPmSm (staff)
“I don’t have a solution for you today,” Senator Warner told a retired Naval Commander from Virginia Beach who had written to him demanding that elected officials work together to resolve the issues facing the country. “It’s just that a whole lot of Virginians have been calling and emailing me and sending me letters, and people are so frustrated. I want to tell you that I’ve been trying for three and a half years to get both sides to compromise,” he promised her, “and I’m still trying.”  More here: http://1.usa.gov/ZfPmSm
Senator Warner joined Virginia radio host John Fredericks this morning for a wide-ranging discussion covering issues from sequestration and its impact on Virginia to immigration and regulatory reform.  (staff)
The courage of individuals like John Lewis was remarkable – just incredible. Throughout all of these moving events during the weekend, I picked-up a real desire by many of my colleagues – from both parties, and from both chambers – to work harder at coming together to make positive change on behalf of the  American people.
To me, repeal of DOMA is an issue of fairness.  Under DOMA, committed relationships legally recognized by some states are made financially and legally unequal in many ways:  taxes, inheritance, insurance benefits, and a thousand other rights and benefits that the federal government routinely grants to other married couples. I am proud to lend my name to the amicus brief urging the Supreme Court to reverse this discriminatory law. Marriage equality now receives growing bipartisan support, and DOMA repeal is supported by a significant number of leading U.S. businesses, who correctly believe that DOMA represents an impediment to economic competitiveness.
Great to be on Enfoque on Telemundo to talk sequestration cuts with Jose Diaz-Balart - hope to be back soon. / Placer estar hablar con Jose Diaz-Balart en Enfoque. Espero regresar pronto.
“As a former CEO of a business and former governor, there’s a smart way to do cuts, with discretion, or a stupid way to do cuts – for example, with the Navy budget, regardless of the effectiveness of all 975 programs, we’re going to cut them all equally.  That’s not the smart way to do business.” - Senator Warner (staff)
At our 25th Commonwealth Coffee and our first with Senator Tim Kaine, Senator Warner tells the crowd of Virginians that Senator Kaine is bringing optimism back to Capitol Hill.  (staff)
Senator Warner has consistently highlighted the devastating impact that sequestration would have on our defense industry and national security. Today, at a Senate Budget Committee Hearing, he noted that its impact would extend far beyond defense to areas like food safety and medical research.   Senator Warner described the proposed sequester cuts as “Stupid on steroids…When we look at this top-line number, we look at it as if it’s a rational set of cuts, when in effect this was set up to be the most irrational. No rational group of folks would allow this to happen, yet we’re three days from allowing it.”
“We should have been able to deal with this earlier," Senator Warner said to CBS this morning. "I was part of the so-called bipartisan Gang of Six that said ‘let's do entitlement reform, with more revenues and targeted spending cuts.’ Limping from one budget crisis to another doesn’t do anything for this economy."  (staff)
The CAMPUS Safety Act creates a one-stop shop for quality research that will allow us to share best practices from around the country. In the aftermath of the Sandy Hook massacre and sporadic violence at campuses across the country, we should be able to take commonsense steps to make sure we are providing the safest possible campus environment for our students.
“With this economy, which is so poised to take off, the single biggest thing holding back job growth and economic growth is the failure of our political system… There are some in Washington that say, ‘well, it just has to get a little bit worse before it gets better.’  That makes no sense to me.  For the 20 years I spent in business, if someone would’ve said ‘we’ve got to make our product a little bit crummier before we’re willing to actually change’… I’d fire [them.]”  -Sen. Warner on Marketplace  (staff)
Today's Washington Post editorial page endorses our FAST Act voting reforms. More info on FAST Act here: http://1.usa.gov/135ewcV
Chip Woodrum loved politics and public service, and demonstrated how to gracefully balance those two things during nearly 25 years of service in the Virginia General Assembly. Chip could be formidable in debate, and he was always quick with a quip. But above all, he was a friend to everyone he met. I mourn his passing today. It is a loss not just for the Roanoke Valley, but for the Commonwealth of Virginia. My thoughts are with Emily and the family.
NA
There's a new study from the economists at Wells Fargo Securities that show Virginia will be hurt more than almost any other state from the sweeping automatic federal budget cuts scheduled to take effect in two weeks.    “It is frustrating that more people in Washington do not have a sense of urgency about heading-off these sequester cuts. There’s a smart way and a stupid way to cut spending, and these across the board sequester cuts represent the absolute dumbest way to be conducting the nation’s business. I will continue to work with my colleagues in urging the White House and congressional leaders to at least provide enough flexibility for agencies to make more rational budget decisions.”   Press Releases - Newsroom - Mark R. Warner www.warner.senate.gov WASHINGTON – U.S. Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-VA) today highlighted a new economic analysis revealing that Virginia would be hurt more than almost any other state from the sweeping automatic federal budget cuts scheduled to take effect in
I'm proud to announce Remonia Fisher as the winner of the Winter Cover Photo Contest. Remonia’s photo of Augusta County in winter is captivating and highlights one of Virginia’s most uniquely beautiful regions. I’ve really enjoyed showcasing diverse parts of the Commonwealth and featuring the work of so many great Virginia photographers through this photo contest. Thanks to all who participated!
On Friday, U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and I urged the heads of the Consumer Financial Protection Board and the Federal Trade Commission to take action to improve consumer credit reporting. Recent reports found that 20 percent of consumers could identify at least one error in a credit report issued by one of the three major credit reporting agencies and that more than five percent of consumers found significant errors. People can lose their jobs because of this information, and have their families thrown into chaos. This situation is unacceptable.
Together with Sen. Tim Kaine and a bipartisan group of seven Virginia Congressmen, I’ve sent a letter to President Obama and Congressional leadership decrying the devastating effects that sequestration would have on the Commonwealth if allowed to take effect.  With the jobs of thousands of Virginians at risk, we will continue working to do whatever it takes to find bipartisan agreement averting this enormous threat to our economy and national security.
Today I joined  U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren  (D-MA) in sending a letter to the heads of the Consumer Financial Protection Board (CFPB) and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) urging them to take action to improve consumer credit reporting.  Credit scores have enormous importance for consumers, whether for buying a house or car, or securing a loan to start a business.  Errors that misrepresent the credit scores of tens of millions of Americans are unacceptable, and recent CFPB and FTC reports indicating that as many as 20% of credit reports are inaccurate demand immediate attention.
With a renewed focus on comprehensive immigration reform, it is imperative that we take commonsense steps to help Virginia and America compete and win in the global competition for talented innovators and entrepreneurs. Our bipartisan legislation also proposes reasonable steps to reform our tax and regulatory policies to help promote investment and job creation.
Ambar Pinto is a 19-year-old Fairfax resident, a student at Northern Virginia Community College, and an undocumented immigrant who was brought to America by her parents when she was 12. Ambar was also Senator Warner's guest at last night's State of the Union speech.  Ambar – and Senator Warner – are advocates for the Dream Act and for comprehensive immigration reform. Senator Warner invited Ambar after reading about her struggles as an undocumented student in the Richmond Times-Dispatch.   In the video below, Senator Warner and Ambar talk in Spanish about the need for immigration reform.  "Esta es la nueva cara de Virginia,” Senator Warner said. “Por lo tanto es importante que tengan nuestro apoyo y esperanza para un mejor mañana.”  (staff)
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
I was pleased the President began his speech with a strong call for a bipartisan grand bargain to continue to address our deficits and debt.  A balanced plan that includes additional revenue, smarter spending cuts and responsible entitlement reform -- and avoids the self-inflcted wounds from sequester -- is a key component of any economic growth agenda.  The President also endorsed a proposal I unveiled last week to work to double our nation's energy productivity by 2030, and I look forward to helping to lead the effort to make smart investments to rebuild our nation's infrastructure.  We will have many opportunities in the weeks and months ahead to work together to strengthen the economic recovery and move our country forward.
Great to meet today with Ambar Pinto, a student, Virginian, undocumented immigrant & my guest for tonight's State of the Union speech.
I'll be sitting with Senator Jerry Moran (R-KS) tonight at the State of the Union. We'll be reintroducing the Startup Act tomorrow to jumpstart the economy through the creation and growth of new business.
I’m proud to have cosponsored the Violence Against Women Act,  which passed the Senate today on a strongly bipartisan vote of 78-22. In Virginia, this Act has doubled the resources available for prevention and intervention of sexual violence in communities and on campus. The funding provides vitally important crisis services in nearly every locality in Virginia, and I urge the House to act quickly in passing this bill so we can get it to the President’s desk for his signature.
Senator Warner celebrated the beginning of "the year of the snake" on Sunday at the Eden Center in Falls Church. Check out the celebration in the short video below. (staff)
"We have to stop seeing this as kind of the red-shirt Republicans and the blue-shirt Democrats and actually put the country first," Senator Warner said. "If not you should fire us all." (staff)
“This was set up to be so stupid that nobody in their right mind would allow it to happen.  I know people in Hampton Roads are scratching their heads, but I’m also up there scratching my head… Those of us who are trying to say’ ‘time out – let’s both sides give a little bit,’ we keep getting squeezed out because screamers on both sides tend to get more attention." - Senator Warner to Rumble in the Morning on FM99
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
Celebrating the New Year at the Eden Center in NoVA! Chuc mung nam moi!
Spoke with about a hundred women business owners and entrepreneurs in Leesburg this morning. Great to get out of DC and meet with Virginians!
Doubling our energy productivity will yield huge returns for our economy and increase our competitiveness. This bipartisan Alliance To Save Energy plan can serve as a blueprint to advance energy efficiency and bring direct and tangible benefits to American families and businesses while building a stronger economy and healthier environment.
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
"Ms. Pinto’s dreams and her drive represent the promise of so many young people across Virginia. Her story reminds each of us that our commonwealth will become stronger when we create a responsible pathway to legal status for undocumented immigrants and their children."  -Sen. Warner to the Richmond Times-Dispatch (staff)
We need your help picking a winter-themed cover photo for this page! Please send your favorite high quality original photo of the Commonwealth to senatorwarnerstaff@gmail.com and it could be featured here. Include your name and where the photo was taken. Remember, the photo you send must have been taken by you.
VAWA, the bill that reduced domestic violence by more than 60%, expired in 2011. We can’t let it lapse any longer.
We give our solemn thanks to the five men and two women who gave their lives aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia ten years ago today. These individuals, including Arlington native and Navy captain David McDowell Brown, are part of a long line of American heroes who have worked tirelessly in the face of great danger to push the boundaries of human knowledge.  They live on in our memories and in the efforts of those who have continued their work at NASA, including at Virginia’s own NASA's Wallops Flight Facility and NASA Langley Research Center
"Warner said if no deal can be negotiated and the automatic cuts begin, Congress should give the military more control over where cuts are made, rather than enforce the across-the-board cuts demanded under sequestration.
 
 "I've got to convince them... there's a stupid way and a less stupid way to do it." http://1.usa.gov/TlIhln (staff)
“One of things that I think is fundamentally flawed in our political system is that both sides negotiate like every deal is the last deal…The idea that with every deal, the Democrats have to win or the Republicans have to win is just not a rational way in our legislative, two party system to operate.” -Senator Warner (staff)
Have questions for Senator Warner? He'll be holding a Twitter town hall TODAY, January 31 at noon. To follow or join the conversation, use #askwarner. (staff)
I am pleased that the Senate overwhelmingly confirmed John Kerry as Secretary of State today. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for almost 30 years and its current Chairman, as well as a decorated combat veteran, John is eminently qualified for this important position. I look forward to working with him to promote American values abroad and strengthen our national security.
Have questions for Senator Warner? He'll be holding a Twitter town hall this Thursday, January 31 at noon. To follow or join the conversation, use #askwarner. (staff)
Our bipartisan bill reflects the growing consensus that major reforms are needed to keep the best and brightest students and skilled workers, particularly in the fields of science, technology, math, and engineering, here in America.  I am advocating for the inclusion of this proposal—and STEM green cards-- as part of the comprehensive immigration overhaul currently being discussed in Washington.
Encouraged by bipartisan consensus on comprehensive immigration reform. Looking forward to POTUS speech tomorrow. / Animado por el anuncio bipartidista sobre una reforma migratoria integral. El momento para hacer esto una realidad ha llegado.
In 2005, I was proud to be the first Virginia Governor to protect gay workers at state agencies from discrimination in hiring and promotions. I am very, very pleased today to see the Virginia Senate approve this commonsense protection for Virginia’s LGBT workers, making equal opportunity for state and local government employees a permanent part of the Code of Virginia.
After two wars over 10 years in which our enemies did not recognize a clear ‘front,’ it is appropriate that we recognize the realities of modern military combat. It is entirely appropriate to open front-line combat opportunities to American military women, who have repeatedly demonstrated their competence, bravery, and reliability serving our nation in times of war.
“Jeanne Vertefeuille and Sandy Grimes blazed a trail for women in the national clandestine service,” Sen. Warner said. “It was through their efforts, and the good work of many others, that we ultimately unmasked the notorious traitor Aldrich Ames in 1994. One cannot help but be inspired by the true-life story of service, patriotism, and friendship demonstrated by these two great federal employees.” (staff)
Continuing to play games with America's fiscal future will cause both short- and long-term damage to our national security. And neither the safety nor the financial well-being of the American people should be used as leverage by politicians angling for temporary partisan advantage.
NA
NA
I am happy to invite Sara Jane Arnett, winner of the Heroes at Home Military Spouse award, to be one of my guests at the Presidential Inauguration. Sara Jane is a remarkable leader in the network of military families who do so much to strengthen communities across Virginia. All of us value Capt. Arnett’s military service as he participates in his third overseas deployment.  I am so honored to have this opportunity to salute the supportive role played by our military spouses and families here at home, and I look forward to joining Sara Jane and her son at the Inauguration ceremony.  [Photo: Sara Jane and Samuel Arnett. Credit: Flagship and Military Newspapers of Virginia]
Happy 70th birthday to the Pentagon - largest office building in NoVA and Virginia... and USA! http://1.usa.gov/10x1ncG
It is very disappointing that this bipartisan legislation has been blocked at the starting point of a two-year process that would allow Virginia voters to weigh in on a commonsense step already in place in virtually every other state.  Restoring voting privileges to people who have completed their sentences, paid their fines, made restitution and lived as law-abiding citizens is the right thing to do, and that’s why I made it a high priority when I served as Governor.
“We ended up with something that avoided the worst consequences of the fiscal cliff, but candidly didn’t get the job done," Senator Warner said. "My hope would be that rather than waiting until the eleventh and a half hour [to get a deal], that there could be a more bipartisan effort coming out of the center that could actually get a hearing on the floor of the Senate or the House.”  (staff)
Warner said the bill would "show to the federal workforce that we're not just simply trying to be additive, that we're actually trying to eliminate some of the outdated and some cases repetitive, ridiculous requirements we, as Congress, have put before folks." (staff)
We believe the Commonwealth is an ideal location for the FBI and will continue working together to advocate for FBI relocation to Virginia.
Over the years, federal agencies have been instructed to expend considerable staff time and other resources producing thousands of reports,  yet we never look back to see if these reporting requirements might be outdated, duplicative, or even relevant. If these reports are sitting on a shelf collecting dust, then it’s time for them to go. Congress should take every opportunity to create a more effective and efficient government, and the elimination of these outdated reports is one step in that direction.
Senator Tim Kaine assured Senator Warner yesterday that he knew who was now the JUNIOR senator from Virginia. (staff)
Senator Warner is proud to welcome Tim Kaine to the Senate. Photo: walking to Capitol today with former Senator Jim Webb (staff)
Hundreds of Virginia homeowners have been put through hell after building or repairing their homes with toxic drywall. Our bipartisan legislation should ensure that, in the future, more Virginians will not have to go through similar nightmares. This legislation helps make sure that unsafe drywall won’t be sold in the future, and that the manufacturers of tainted drywall will be held accountable.
Proud that the Blacksburg-Christiansburg-Radford metro area has been recognized as national leader for job creation.
The Senate has acted to avoid the immediate fiscal cliff, but this negotiated agreement does little to address our deficits and it does not raise enough revenue to put our country on a path to reduce our long-term debt.  In coming weeks, we still must reach agreement on steps to generate more revenues, make additional spending cuts, and strengthen and reform our entitlement programs so successful programs like Medicare and Social Security will still exist 30 years from now.
