Wells College couldn't have a prettier campus than its perch over Cayuga Lake in Aurora in the Town of Ledyard. #NYtownoftheday
Was so touched that our former Army fellow, Lt. Col Sam Glover, took time to visit Washington last week. Sam finished another tour in Afghanistan just in time to be home for the holidays with his beautiful family. Thank you Sam for your service and your friendship. Thoughts and prayers this time of year for the many members of our Armed Forces serving at home and abroad who will not be home for the holidays. We thank you.
I spoke at Hofstra University yesterday and made the following comments about the tragic murder of two brave NYPD police officers this weekend:  “It’s a sad moment in New York history. I think it’s only appropriate to pay our respects to the families of the two great police officers who lost their lives in a brutal, despicable murder.  They were murdered simply because of who they were: New York police officers who protected us and defended us greatly, as our men and women in blue throughout the New York-area always do, risking their lives to keep us safe. We mourn them, we pray for their families, and we pledge to do everything, everything that we can to make certain that this never, ever happens again.”
NA
Now serving in #GrandCentral & beyond, @IrvingFarm calls Millerton -in the Town of North East- home. #NYtownoftheday
Spoke last night on the Senate floor about the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), which allows terrorism victims, like victims of the September 11th attacks, the right to pursue foreign states and sponsors of terrorism in federal court. The bill was then passed by unanimous consent.
Was honored to work with Jim Kelly to pass the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Act. Screening is the first and most important line of defense in diagnosing and treating a number of rare, but potentially fatal diseases that can tragically cut short a precious, new life, and this bill will bolster that effort in New York and beyond.
Millerton in the Town of North East is home to master tea blenders Harney & Sons - stop in for a tasting #NYtownoftheday
Thanks to the many New Yorkers who have called, emailed, written, met with me and my staff, and done your part to support Dr. Vivek Murthy’s nomination to be the Surgeon General of the United States. We hope to vote on his confirmation soon & see Dr. Murthy begin his important work. Let’s vote; we can’t wait any longer. #TopDocNow
This major award from the Dept of Education will help prepare New York's children for kindergarten & lead them to a bright academic future - it's a true jumpstart on life.
The feds must investigate price mark ups that threaten skilled manufacturing jobs for the blind & visually impaired at the AVRE.
Herman Badillo was ciento-por-ciento New York. He was a hero to the Puerto Rican community and civic treasure committed to serving the public on the local, state and federal levels. Herman pulled himself up by his bootstraps. He was product of New York public schools, a pioneer and leader on many levels, and left behind an extraordinary legacy of positive change in the areas of education, empowerment, and rebuilding and revitalizing his beloved home borough of the Bronx. He will be missed and I extend my prayers to all who knew and loved him.
I am confident that Loretta Lynch will conduct a tough but fair investigation into the tragic death of Eric Garner. She is both a consummate professional with a strong commitment to justice, and has a close working relationship with the New York City law enforcement community.
Looking forward to answering as many questions as I can this morning with Mark Weiner & Syracuse.com readers:
NA
Visit Pine Plains once the snow melts for a climb up Stissing Mtn #NYtownoftheday
It's time for a better solution between Irondequoit & Webster that helps residents, boaters, motorists, business & first responders alike
Americana Winery in Covert could be the most patriotic winery in the country. Stop in for some sweet rosie wine & homemade fudge! #NYtownoftheday
Balanced Rock in North Salem may look like a precarious rock formation, but the 60 ton pink granite boulder won't budge. #NYtownoftheday
NA
Iconic Taughannock Falls in Ulysses is the tallest single drop waterfall east of the Rockies. #NYtownoftheday
NA
The National Guard is working around the clock clearing snow. Incredible team on the ground here in Western New York. #OneBuffalo #BuffaloStrong
Released the following statement on the P5+1 nuclear negotiations with Iran today:   “As we approach the P5+1 deadline, my position on the negotiations is very straightforward – unless Iran is willing to agree to a final deal that prevents it from building, developing or acquiring a nuclear weapon, we should not allow any relaxation of sanctions. Iran must dismantle their nuclear infrastructure, limit their nuclear research, and agree to inspections anywhere, and at any time, for decades to come. Only after complete verification of Iran’s compliance should the U.S. consider a gradual relaxation of sanctions. Along with my colleagues, who authored the bipartisan sanctions law that brought the Iranians to the negotiating table, I wish negotiations to succeed. But the success of negotiations can only be defined as an agreement that removes the threat of a world with a nuclear Iran." -cs
#tbt to Presidents Eisenhower, Nixon, Ford, Reagan, HW Bush & Bush acting on #immigration - precedent for @barackobama's immigration action today.
My thoughts and prayers are with Western New York right now, particularly the families of those who lost their lives. The reports coming out of South Buffalo and the surrounding towns are hard to fathom. This is a storm the likes of which we have never experienced, and it is going to take collaboration and partnership among local, state, and federal governments to ensure that affected residents are safe, and that our community is back up and running as soon as possible. I have personally spoken with Mayor Byron Brown and Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz, and I commend the work they and their staff and New York State are doing. In the hours and days ahead, I will do all I can to ensure that we are providing every possible federal resource to help Erie County and the surrounding region get through this and recover. -cs
It was my pleasure to invite and introduce NYC Councilman from Staten Island Vincent Ignizio to testify before the Senate Finance Committee hearing on Tax Relief after a Disaster. Vinny has played a vital role in helping New York rebuild after the devastation of Hurricane Sandy and was an expert witness with first hand knowledge of how communities recover.
At the end of the day, building the KeystoneXL would be a boon to Canada and to their oil market overseas. What we need to do is make smart decisions that put America on the road to energy independence.
Great meeting a national hero Capt. Sully Sullenberger & talking about ways to work together to keep our skies safe. #aviationsafety
Got my birthday beef-on-weck today at Charlie the Butcher! 100 years & still going strong! Thanks Charlie! #BeefOnWeck #CharlietheButcher #Buffalo #WNY
Last week, Dr. Spencer thankfully returned home healthy and free of Ebola; that is in large part thanks to the smart measures and meticulous handling of New York’s first Ebola case by the City and the doctors, nurses and staff at Bellevue, but the world-class response mounted Bellevue HHC was not free, and the bottom line is local communities and local taxpayers should not foot the whole bill.
Open Enrollment has begun. Did you get covered? #ReadySetEnroll
Totonno's is becoming a bit of a habit lately, but the pie is so good you can't stay away, especially for an early birthday dinner! #NYpizza
Only been a week since Blue Collar Brewery opened, but already #Poughkeepsie is buzzing  about the latest #NYbrew
Incredible work by Manhattan DA Cy Vance to bring justice to so many in New York & across the country #endthebacklog
Was honored to join our veterans today for the wreath laying ceremony in Madison Sq Park
Happy 45th Birthday to New York’s own Sesame Street! Been a fan since the beginning, especially of Grover! #SesameStreet #45years
Too many dangerous auto parts are making it on the road leading to too many recalls; time to improve safety screenings.
Great day for a crisp stroll on the Walkway Over the Hudson. #HudsonRiver
The bottom line is that FIFA can't have one set of rules and standards for the men's World Cup, which for good reason, bans the use of artificial turf, and the women's World Cup, which allows it.
Cleaned my plate at family-owned Totonno Pizzeria Napolitano of Coney Island - Zagat & I say it’s the best pizza in NY!
This historic, over $1.6 billion federal investment will provide a massive shot of adrenaline for New York City’s public hospitals and their recovery from Superstorm Sandy.
Hahn Farm in Clinton is a 9th Generation Family Farm! #NYtownoftheday
Use caution, wear reflectors after dark & have a safe & Happy Halloween!
This contract is a win-win for Fort Drum and the North Country. It will bring jobs into the region, put Fort Drum on the path to energy independence, and make the base itself more safe and secure. I can think of no better place for the Army’s largest renewable energy project than at Fort Drum.
Fall is really a beautiful time of year on Cassadaga Lake in Stockton #NYtownoftheday
The NTSB report on the five most recent Metro-North accidents has an Alice and Wonderland-like quality, that truly defies logic. It details crew members still in training, being left to operate cars without supervision, leading to a fatality. The reports make clear that track maintenance was repeatedly deferred in order to provide on-time service at any cost. And finally, in one of the most shocking causes of these accidents, an engineer with sleep apnea was trusted with the lives of thousands each day, and unfortunately, his health condition made him totally unfit for the job. I hope that the Metro-North and the FRA take these key recommendations to heart and will quickly turn them into law.
West Seneca is home to Schwabl’s & their famous Beef on Weck #NYtownoftheday
WNYers haven’t known a fall without Mayer Bros Cider since the West Seneca family business was founded in 1852 #NYtownoftheday
Check out the innovators on deck to become #Buffalo's next hot start up thanks to 43 North!
The Original American Kazoo Co. opened in Eden in 1916 & is the only kazoo maker in North America. #NYtownoftheday
FDR & Eleanor Roosevelt are buried here at Springwood, FDR’s long time home in Hyde Park #NYtownoftheday
This $2.4 million federal investment means that students at West Elementary School are educated in a safe, well-equipped and learning-friendly environment once again. The city of Long Beach was hit hard by Superstorm Sandy and these funds will help reimburse the cost of repairs to Long Beach’s West Elementary School.
Met none other than Teddy Roosevelt this afternoon at #Oysterfest in his hometown of Oyster Bay #Roosevelts #NYtownoftheday
We were in high spirits yesterday at the University of Rochester for the dedication of the College Town development on Mt. Hope Ave. Can't wait to see the students, staff and the greater community enjoy it. Meliora!
ICYMI, New York Daily News covered my Brooklyn bike rides past & present. #TBT to that ride in 2007 with Senator Tom Harkin , Senator Bernie Sanders & others
NA
On this day in 1964, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace. If you've never heard his acceptance speech, you should. #NobelPeacePrize
With terror threats at a high, it must be made loud and clear to any would-be trespassers, adrenaline junkies or potential criminals that the federal government and the NYPD take trespassing on critical infrastructure and national monuments very seriously; a law that makes this a federal crime and raises the current maximum jail time from one to five years would help deter this behavior, and provide the NYPD with stronger tools to combat this disturbing trend.
Hope everyone had as nice a #ColumbusDay weekend as we had today at the Columbus Day Parade!
We didn't get the win but the Bills are here to stay!
Elections in this country should be run so that every eligible American who wants to vote can cast a ballot that will count, but harsh Voter ID laws are stifling the voices of African Americans and young people who need to be heard. 
Don't miss today's tip for #FirePreventionWeek #firesafety
Today, all of Western New York can yell out, 'Touchdown!' because we have secured long-term owners for the Bills who are fully committed to keeping the team in Western New York for generations. Over the course of these past few months, I spoke regularly with the NFL and with a number of owners and conveyed my belief that the Pegulas, with their Buffalo roots, were fully committed to the Bills' future in Western New York and the right pair to carry on Ralph Wilson's legacy. The owners have made an excellent decision in unanimously approving the Pegulas' ownership of the team, and I am confident Terry and Kim will be excellent stewards of this next chapter in Bills history. I look forward to working with them in the years to come.  
Don’t overload electrical outlets; only plug one heat producing appliance in a receptacle at once.  #firepreventionweek
Celebrating 100 years of delicious Beef on Weck from Charlie the Butcher this week!
NA
See this tie? It's orange for you Syracuse University -New York's ACC team. #OrangeNation #OrangeOutWeek
Sullivan's Charbroil in Sheridan is still open w/ fall hours - can't miss their burgers, curly fries or ice cream! #NYtownoftheday
In case you didn't notice, it is PEAK color weekend in New York! #fallfoliage
The Southern Tier High Tech incubator will bring together the best Binghamton and Broome County have to offer when it comes to research, academia, economic development and the manufacturing industry, and it will become a magnet for entrepreneurs across New York State.
The Senate isn't in session but my staff is hard at work, even our youngest members of the Schumer family!
What we have in Canandaigua is a unique opportunity to bring together the historic Ontario County tourism magnet of Sonnenberg gardens, which needs more space, with a neighboring and underused federal site that is soon to be vacant; it is the perfect match and I am urging the federal DOD to work with Sonnenberg gardens to transfer the property so they can build a brand new welcome center, expand parking, increase their display space and more.
The EPA must step in to curb pollution from Battaglia Demolition and improve the health and quality of life of #Buffalo's Seneca-Babcock neighborhood residents.
The time is now to improve the current national missing children system, its accuracy and functionality and the availability of critical information to all levels of law enforcement. 
Every year, Utica's Sts. Cosmas & Damian Celebration attracts hundreds to the city's East side to worship & enjoy Italian traditions, like these Utica pasticciotti.
#FarewellCaptain #Re2pect
Congratulations and thank you to all the runners, first responders, and service members who came out for the Tunnel to Towers Run this morning.
Today we remember Stephen Siller in the @Tunnel2Towers run & honor all our first responders & military heroes. #NeverForget
You can see clear to the Catskills today from the Taconic Parkway Scenic Overlook in Ghent #NYtownoftheday
With The River Project on the job, NYC can become the Big Oyster once again. 
ICYMI: Forbes ranked #Rochester and #Buffalo as two of the best cities for opportunity in the country. Looks like Western New York is the place to be! #WNY 
Are you hooked on The Roosevelts on PBS? Honor their legacy & celebrate National Voter Registration Day by registering today: http://nationalvoterregistrationday.org/ #CelebrateNVRD 
Wrote new legislation to fight identity theft & related tax fraud. If you missed it on Sunday, check out 60 Minutes piece on identity tax refund fraud: 
Thank you to Jerry DeLuca and the many fire fighters working to sound the alarm on the danger of toxic flame retardants.
New York’s apples are as resilient as its citizens - a quality crop means even better cider! 
Urging the Dept. of Labor to carefully consider SUNY's application for federal funding through the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College grant program to help place more New Yorkers from Onondaga County in mechatronics jobs at local businesses like Byrne Dairy.
Great to see progress on the Holodomor Memorial in Washington, DC
Submitted the following statement yesterday to the Congressional Record, which is the official record of all U.S. Senate proceedings, honoring the heroic acts of Allegany native, Major Patrick Miller during the tragic Fort Hood shooting in April.  HONORING MAJOR PATRICK MILLER  Mr. President, I would like to recognize and honor Major Patrick W. Miller, United States Army, for his incredible courage and bravery on April 2, 2014 during the tragic Fort Hood shooting.  Major Miller was born and raised in Allegany, New York and was commissioned in the United States Army in 2003 after graduating from St. Bonaventure University. He has been deployed to Iraq for two tours, first as a commander of a platoon of medics and second as an adviser to the Iraqi Army.  In August of 2013, he and his wife Ashley were assigned to Fort Hood, Texas.  It was there, on the afternoon of April 2nd, that a gunman opened fire in a shooting rampage. During that time, the shooter entered Major Miller’s building and opened fire, immediately hitting Patrick in the abdomen, just 2 inches below his heart. Despite being critically wounded, and at great risk to his own life, he rushed to get his fellow soldiers to safety in a closed office as quickly as possible. Then, while attempting to put pressure on his wound, still thinking of his fellow soldiers, he was able to make a call to 911 to report the shooting.  In addition to wounding Major Miller, the shooter ended up killing 3 soldiers and wounding 15 others, before taking his own life.  The heroic and distinguished acts by Major Miller, beyond a doubt, saved countless lives.  On behalf of the nation and my fellow New Yorkers, it is my honor to recognize the exemplary service and overwhelming bravery of Major Miller during such a tragic event. I wish him the best as he continues to serve our great nation.
After Sandy, we were again reminded how important ferries are to our transit system during emergencies, and that’s why we need modern, resilient and reliable ferries that our Staten Island commuters and emergency response personnel can rely on. This announcement of over $190 million is some of the best news ever for Staten Island commuters. 
Lots of #Buffalo pride here tonight. Proud to present the ties of Buffalo Nite #BillsMafia
The spirit of Buffalo is alive & well both in the Queen City & here in DC at the 36th Annual #BuffaloNite
Everyone is at #Buffalo Nite, even Buffy! #BuffaloNite2014
Getting ready for #BuffaloNite 2014!
Thank you to the Rory Staunton Foundation for being a beam of light in the darkness, raising awareness for Sepsis and calling for change. For more information visit: rorystaunton.com
U.S. Senate Democrats will keep fighting until everyone has a #fairshot at affording college & repaying their loans. 
As a college degree has become even more important, student loan debt has become insurmountable. Speaking on the Senate floor today on Senator Warren’s #BankonStudents bill because American students deserve a #fairshot.
NA
On Friday, the National Technical Institute of the Deaf at RIT honored the life & work of Prof. Robert Panara, one of the most beloved members of the community, with an outstanding tribute. His legacy lives on.
NA
Joined Billy Crystal in his hometown of Long Beach where replacing Sandy-damaged trees can prevent soil erosion & mitigate future floods.
Thank you to Sarah Hughes and all the terrific advocates and families who work together to raise awareness not just at the #LymphWalk but everyday.
Scientists and experts agree, flame retardants that are found in everyday products like furniture and certain children’s products are highly dangerous to children across New York, as well as to the firefighters that inhale this toxin when furniture burns and becomes airborne. It is time to listen to those experts and protect our children, which is why I am introducing the first federal legislation to ban the ten most toxic of these chemicals from all furniture and children’s products, and to require that we root out any other dangerous flame retardants that may still be out there. 
Remembering the victims of 9/11 and praying for their families. 13 years ago seems like yesterday. #NeverForget
Women earn 77 cents for every dollar paid to men. Imagine how many more weeks of groceries could be purchased if we closed the wage gap. Support #EqualPay
Today’s announcement is great news for Western New York, the Bills, and their passionate fans, who will now be able to breathe a huge sigh of relief. The Pegulas are the perfect choice to carry on Ralph Wilson’s indelible legacy – like Ralph, they have a true commitment to Western New York, are people of serious integrity, and will be excellent owners. Most importantly, based on extensive conversations I have had with Terry over the past few months, he and Kim are deeply committed to keeping the Buffalo Bills in Western New York for generations to come.   I commend the Bills’ leadership, and especially Mrs. Wilson and Jeff Littman, for selecting the Pegulas, and for the thought and care they put into this entire sale process. I look forward to working with Terry and Kim in the weeks, months, and years ahead to ensure a speedy confirmation by the NFL and to help keep the Bills playing – and winning – in Western New York for many, many years to come. 
NA
Pleased Bausch & Lomb's new line of ULTRA lenses will be made in Rochester by NY workers #MadeinNY
Congrats to runners, walkers, family & friends who came out today for #RaceForACure
Looks like it was a beautiful day today in the Hudson Valley! #ExploreNY
September is Sepsis Awareness Month and organizations like the Rory Staunton Foundation are raising awareness and hosting forums to educate families and prevent tragedy. For more information visit: http://rorystaunton.com/
As summer comes to an end in Manlius, there's solace in knowing #SnoTop will still be open in the fall #NYtownoftheday
Beautiful day for the parade today in Brooklyn!
Only two days left to enjoy the Great New York State Fair! #NYSFair
Some argue the Noon Mark Diner in Keene has the best pies in NY. Stop in and see for yourself! #NYtownoftheday
With progress being made at Moynihan Station, it's time to fund the final push. Read more:
The Nine Partners Meeting House in the Town of Washington dates from 1780 & is still in use today #NYtownoftheday
If you're in East Fishkill, head to Fishkill Farms for fruit, veggies & of course, cider donuts.
We are very glad that Fitbit is doing exactly the right thing. They will not sell personal information to third parties and will share it only when legally necessary or when the customer has opted-in – this is the best possible solution. Fitbit customers can breathe a sigh of relief and should be aware that this company cares very much about their privacy and their security. We are urging all other fitness tracking companies to follow Fitbit’s lead and adopt similar privacy policies.
Love @jetblue's design honoring #FDNY
Ever wonder what the view is like from the track at Saratoga Race Course? Our friends at Mohawk Ambulance Service gave us a sneak peek at their view this week. Check it out!
NA
Thank you The ALS Association Greater New York Chapter, Senator David Vitter & Bill Evans for nominating me for the #IceBucketChallenge to raise awareness for ALS, missed the 24 hour mark but happily made a $100 donation last night in support of this cause. #StrikeOutALS
We need to infuse the Superfund program with the money needed to finally clean-up super messes like that left by Diaz Chemical in Holley. The lack of progress in cleaning up the former Diaz Chemical site has put a strain on the Town of Holley and Orleans County economy for over a decade now; lowering the tax base, hurting property values, and thwarting efforts by local leaders to attract new businesses to come into the area and create jobs at a cleaned-up site.
NA
NA
New York's summer concerts aren't just for millenials - stars are playing at #JonesBeach & @LincolnCenter from my generation too #NYCconcerts
#TBT to one of our family's favorite summer spots, #NiagaraFalls & the Maid of the Mist!
It's National Lighthouse & Lighthouse Preservation Day! From Montauk to Buffalo NYers love their lighthouses!
Met Trina yesterday in NYC. Fighting to pass the Able Act to ensure a bright future for stars like her.
Spent time on Wednesday with folks from the Lexington Center - a nurturing environment where children and adults with disabilities can truly achieve their goals. The Able Act would help even more in the Capital Region and across NY do the same.
Taking it easy with Jackson Browne.
John Fogerty still ain't no Senator's son.
NA
The crowd loved Roxanne Shante, Biz Markie, Rob Base & Kool Moe Dee at Old School Night in Brooklyn!
If you missed the ESPN Outside the Lines piece on Jim Kelly you can watch it here. And you should. #KellyTough    
Toured @zocdoc's NY headquarters today; loved meeting cofounders & staff!
Nothing as American as NY apple pie! There's a great one at NY Farm Day #nyfarms
Great to see friends from @empirebrew at this years NY Farm day! #NYbrew
Who could forget NY's @Chobani yogurt during NY Farm Day? #NYDairy #nyfarms
Featured Seaway Trail Honey at @barackobama's 2nd inaugural- great to see them back for NY Farm Day #nyfarms
Back for another farm day with Dean Norton from NY Farm Bureau & @Saranacbrewery Legacy IPA
Tried the delicious #syracuse salt potatoes at the @foodnetwork @scrippscomm table at NY farm day!
Thanks to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand for hosting one of the best events in Washington each year, New York Farm Day!
Over 40,000 Long Islanders have disabilities;  they and their families should not have to choose between paying for their day-to-day expenses of education, healthcare, transportation, therapies and more, and saving for their future. 
A visit to Nassau BOCES wouldn't be complete without @amyschumer's mom, Sandy Schumer!
A night at Central Park's Delacorte Theater wouldn't be complete without @AmySchumer #shakespeareinthepark
Looks like everyone had a great time at today's Colombian Day Parade. Viva Colombia!
For those of us long fighting to phase out the dangerous, crude-carrying DOT-111 tanker cars, our train has finally arrived in the form of much-needed new regulation from the federal Department of Transportation. These desperately needed safety regulations will phase out the aged and explosion-prone DOT-111 tanker cars that are hauling endless streams of highly flammable crude oil through communities across the country and in New York. Safety is job number one, and the DOT should be commended for heeding our call and including a package of commonsense safety measures – like speed limits, new braking controls, and standards for a safer tank car – that will further safeguard communities along freight lines. These safety rules should be finalized, implemented, and enforced as soon as possible.
Our political primary system needs reform; top two would moderate our politics. Read more in The New York Times http://t.co/wcurxQgwKr
Our bill will help pet owners focus on their dogs' or cats' health rather than medication costs.
Great lunch today with this summer's intern class from Long Island, NYC & the Hudson Valley
Great to be here in Detroit for Netroots Nation #NN14
Disasters like #Sandy aren’t going away, protecting our electric grid is a smart move  
ICYMI: Wrote an oped in today’s @NYPost:
To the Captain: 
With federal funds @EmpireBrew could make "farm to pint" brewing a reality in #CNY. #farmtopint #NYBrew
West Point and the Hudson River Valley
Boscobel, home to the Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival, is in Philipstown #NYtownoftheday #hudsonvalleyshakespearefestival
Happy #FrenchConnectionDay to @BuffaloSabres fans everywhere. First one ever! #buffalo #sabres
The internet in the 21st Century is as important to our future as highways were in the 20th Century. Like a highway, the internet must remain free and open for all; not determined by the highest bidders. This is vital for jobs, commerce, innovation and a prosperous future for America. The startup industry that has grown to employ hundreds of thousands of people was enabled by an open internet.  Title II reclassification is the best way to for us to preserve the internet as an unfettered tool for communication and the sharing of ideas, which is why I am signing onto Senator Edward J. Markey's letter to FCC Chairman Wheeler. Protecting net neutrality is one of the most important issues before Congress and FCC Chairman Wheeler should listen to those of us who have voiced our strong support of this approach. –cs
Spoke in today's Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing about a proposed constitutional amendment that would ensure that our democracy works in fair way. 
The steps that the beleaguered nation of Israel takes to try and protect itself are far different than so many of the aggressive actions of too many on the Palestinian side with too much support from the Palestinian people. There is no moral equivalency. 
Bringing Lincoln Bedell letters home to Chautauqua County would be a fitting tribute.  http://www.buffalonews.com/city-region/chautauqua-county/schumer-wants-to-bring-lincoln-letters-to-chautauqua-county-20140708
Happy Birthday @WSJ & congrats on 125 years! #WSJ125
Western New York’s veterans, and their families, deserve to have a national cemetery that is close to home, bucolic, and imbued with significance. This beautiful site, named after ‘Wild Bill’ Donovan, and less than an hour away from both Buffalo and Rochester, would be just that. 
New WNY Veterans cemetery at this site in Town of Pembroke should bear Wild Bill Donovan's name. #NYtownoftheday
Hurricane Arthur selfie at the beach with daughters
#TBT to Sunday night when we saw @publictheaterny's Much Ado About Nothing - a must see this summer! #ShakespeareInThePark #ShakesUSA
With downtown Syracuse growing more residential, it's time for a full-service grocery store in Armory Square.
My thoughts and prayers are with the family and loved ones of each of these young men - Eyal Yifrah, Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frenkel – who were taken from us far too soon. After these young men first went missing, their photos surfaced, and I know so many of us saw a little bit of our own children in each of them. To think that such a callous act could be done to these innocent young men is unconscionable. May their memory be a blessing.   It’s quite clear this was done by Hamas, and the Palestinian Authority made a terrible mistake by linking up with terrorists. When you associate with terrorists they become emboldened in their actions, like schoolyard bullies.  In light of this tragedy and these new troubling revelations, the Palestinian Authority should break ties with Hamas immediately. And if they do not act independently, our government should put pressure on the Palestinian Authority to break from Hamas, even if it means stopping all funding to this coalition. -cs
Celebrating the steps New York has made; remembering those still waiting for equality.
Stopped by a Point Lookout staple for breakfast, JoJo Apples (in the Town of Hempstead) #NYtownoftheday
Prospect Park Alliance #PopUpDinner was a great success. Thanks for a great night in one of the best parks in America & our family's front yard for 33 yrs.
One of the best nights of the summer at #ProspectPark Alliance #PopUpDinner #PopUpBrooklyn
Stopped in for chicken parm at Furci fine Foods in Bayport
One year ago today the SCOTUS #DOMA decision pushed our nation to be even more just, even more free. Congrats again Edie!  
Looking forward to the 2nd half - #GoUSA #USMNT
It is bad enough that used-car dealers are not required by law to fix a safety recall problem prior to selling the recalled vehicle to a consumer. Compounding the safety risks with misleading and deceptive advertising and sales practices only further endangers the safety of used-car customers and everyone who shares the roads.  
Cost cutting measures by Fed gov't shouldn't cost blind workers their jobs making Skilcraft products in #Rochester. #ABVI
Honored to stand with two of NY's great public servants: Mayor Dinkins & Judge Vernon Broderick at his swearing in today
Calling on EPA to look for potential health dangers at sites in Islip 
'83 wasn't so long ago. Spoke with parents & kids at #Brooklyn's P.S.222 about kindergarten & early education #tbt
ICYMI: spoke yesterday about the House who, after #51weeks, have taken no action on #ImmigrationReform
Congrats to Senator Boxer – enjoy the #BrooklynBrewery lager & Madison Sq Garden pretzels.
Sad to say we didn’t bring home the #StanleyCup, but NYers always stick to their word.
Called on Feds to accelerate action on black boxes that track hours driven by overworked & fatigued truck drivers.  
Dad turned 91 yesterday & spent #FathersDay with all three of his children at his favorite restaurant, The Jolly Fisherman
Was 7 when the Dodgers left, but here at the @BrooklynCyclones game, baseball is alive & well in #Brooklyn!
Stopped to see opening day of the Thunderbolt while biking. Might have tried the 90 degree drop 50yrs ago but not now! Coney Island revitalized!
Terrific tenants came out this am; fighting to keep them & other middle class families at home in Stuy Town & Peter Cooper Village
StuyTown has always been home to New York's middle class families; let’s keep it that way.
@genprogress helped bring 300K petitions from students to Congress calling for a #fairshot at affording college.
NA
Mo hasn’t given up on the New York Rangers and neither should you! Ready for a comeback tonight - Go Rangers! 
Broke ground this morning in Niagara Falls; we're full steam ahead for new Int'l rail station that pulls tourists to the heart of the Falls!
The Senate will vote this week on student loan refinancing legislation. Use our calculator to see how much you could save on your undergraduate loans under the U.S. Senate Democrats #fairshot proposal: 
These guys had a great idea in 2011, and now, #GovBallNYC  founders Yoni, Tom & Jordan can say they've created a New York tradition.
Great to have Danza Fiesta here at the Puerto Rican Day Parade!
ICYMI Senator #AlFranken took these #TBT posts to the next level to promote our upcoming college affordability legislation that gives more grads a #FairShot  
Won’t stop working on this issue: Minoa resident highlights dangers of parked oil tankcars: 
Remembering the sacrifice of the Greatest Generation today & thinking of the many New Yorkers who received letters like these:
Senator Schumer today applauded Senators Bernie Sanders (D-VT) and John McCain (R-AZ) on their bipartisan proposal that puts our veterans first. 
Sad to hear of the passing of Don Zimmer. He broke into baseball as a Dodger, left it a legend.
Student loan debt is soaring. Tell Congress to give working families a #fairshot to afford college! http://democrats.senate.gov/studentdebtclock/
Schaffers Tavern of Staten Island could be the best German restaurant in NY. Had great brats, kraut & potato pancakes just last week.
This plan is not only going to protect our shoreline and our marsh area, but it's going to add a dimension of recreation and aesthetic improvement for residents. It's a win-win project that demonstrates how working with the state and federal governments really can build smarter and better.
There is nothing more important than keeping our children safe from harm and at the moment, there is a flaw in federal law that is making it harder for employers at child-serving organizations to fully screen applicants for jobs and volunteer positions.
After serving our country so valiantly, and for so many years, it is only appropriate that we develop a national shrine, on a beautiful piece of land right in our backyard, for our veterans’ final resting place. 
Are you following @SenSchumer on Twitter?
As data shows, a college education is even more important, but let’s not make paying for it impossible.  #fairshot
In today's information age our farmers need the best web support we can offer – which I believe Cornell has developed – to help them access the new-and-improved milk support and crop insurance programs we included in the recent Farm Bill. 
Remembering those who gave their lives protecting our nation. #MemorialDay
Congrats to the @Marist Class of 2014!  #GoRedFoxes
What a treat at Republic Airport today- The Blue Angels!
Glad to help summer set sail at Nichols Great Kill Marina:
To the #Stonybrook class of 2014: Go For It!
They did it! Congrats to the @PaceUniversity Class of 2014! #Pacegrad
NA
NA
Jackie Robinson’s home on Tilden Ave should be preserved as a NYC landmark. Working with Jumaane Williams and U.S. Rep. Yvette D. Clarke to designate this historic attraction in East Flatbush:
NA
Congrats to the #Classof2014 Great weekend for #NYIT #HVCC #Binghamton & #Farmingdale graduates.
Marine One Presidential Helicopters will claim #MadeinNY; Lockheed Martin Owego workers sure know how to celebrate!
Graduation should be a time to count your blessings- not the years til your loans are paid off #fairshot #tbt
NA
NA
Spoke on the floor earlier about the House deadline to pass #immigrationreform http://youtu.be/NJVAIhe57VI 
Still time to vote for the 5 NY projects & help them win a #StateFarm Neighborhood Assist Grant to rebuild after #Sandy or prep kids for college VOTE TODAY: #SFNeighborhoodAssist  https://apps.facebook.com/sf_neighbor_assist/
Tell Congress it's time to give middle class families a #fairshot to afford college. 
Was at Hofstra today talking about a new plan in the Senate that would help give young professionals with outstanding student loan debt a fair shot by allowing them to refinance at the lower interest rates currently offered to new borrowers.
After writing Chairman Wheeler w/ other Senate Dems, interested to see FCC’s updated proposal on net neutrality rules:
Took Mom, 86 years young, to her favorite Chinese food restaurant for Mother's Day
You don't have to be a kid to enjoy riding the train on #natltrainday #USMC #Beacon
Clarkson Graduation 2014
Standing with Nigerians & parents around the world as we work together to #BringBackOurGirls
NA
These kidnappings in Chibok, Nigeria are barbaric and gutless. The entire world’s heart goes out to the victims and the families, and I am encouraging the administration to do all it can to help these innocent girls.   This outrageous action reveals the true nature of the radical Islamists behind it, who will go to any means – however inhuman and violent – to stop young girls from educating themselves. It is a bankrupt and backward worldview that, in the full light of day, will be rejected by the people of Nigeria – and people in every corner of the world who love their children. -cs
Pleased some of America’s largest and best known companies, many from New York, are standing with Ukraine and skipping the St. Petersburg Forum:  
There is only one true litmus test for the next #Bills owner – a commitment to keeping the team in Western New York.   
Lake Erie is one of WNY’s great resources but toxic algae blooms threaten tourism, recreation & clean drinking water
After #Sandy, we made a point of rebuilding smarter & better but the Rahway Arch project doesn’t meet that standard. 
If the FDA doesn't step in, powdered alcohol- Palcohol- will become the Kool-Aid of teen binge drinking.
Are you seeing #Spiderman2 this weekend? Those familiar city streets were filmed in #Rochester last spring #tbt @spidermanmovie
Thank your local fire chiefs who are hard at work getting the best training, trucks & #tech to keep you safe.
The Catholic Health Services’ application, which has now been submitted by the state to the feds, should be quickly approved by FEMA so that the next storm does not put Good Samaritan Hospital and Our Lady of Consolation Nursing Center and their hundreds of urgent care and nursing home patients in harm’s way without a reliable source of electricity. This is a smart plan for the busiest Emergency Rooms in Suffolk County, and there should be no delay in its approval.
Heard this story today from the Letter Carriers. It will make you want to move to Joe Urbina’s route:
Today's vote to #RaiseTheWage didn't pass but #SenateDems won't stop fighting until it does. We will bring this bill back to the floor because every American deserves a fair shot at the American dream. 
Thanks to Senator Angus King for putting together an excellent hearing to shine a bright light on the problem of dark money in political campaigns.
Ready for today's Rules Cmte hearing on campaign finance reform with Justice Stevens
Our plan to #RaisetheWage to $10.10 would give more NY families a #FairShot
NA
ICYMI, spoke this morning about the need to reform the Port Authority. Read more here: 
NA
#Tech meets dairy industry in upstate NY: 
Linking Catskill Rail Trail to greater HV trail network is great for bikers, business & our economy. 
Remember, this land is your land. Happy #EarthDay from the Hudson Valley
Proposed FDA rule would trash this spent grain rather than let #BlackButtonDistilling & @rohrbach_brewery sell/donate to local farms
Councilman Bob Anderson knows in #NiagaraFalls we need more "jobs, jobs, jobs!"
Wrote on City of Niagara Falls Community Dev't Program's "For My City" Boards today.
“When you look at the price that natural gas went up and you look at the price many people’s electric bills went up from different utilities throughout the state, the two don’t seem to match up.”
FDA's proposed rule would hurt #NYfarms & #NYBrew - donating spent grain is 'Common Sense' for @UpstateBrewing & others.
NA
Honored to meet so many fine veterans on Staten Island today
Sandy showed no mercy to either shore of LI & we must ensure fed funding to safe guard communities on the North Shore too
Great study by Mayor Byron Brown and Buffalo Niagara Partnership further highlights need to extend and expand Historic Rehab Tax Credit:
NA
Threw out the first pitch for Lindenhurst Little League yesterday - they're off to a great season!
Just met the sculptor of the Charging Bull in Bowling Green, Arturo Di Modica
Congrats to Union College Hockey, "a team of destiny":
With a hockey team like theirs, @unioncollege can NOTT lose. #GoDutchmen #FrozenFour
It's not unlikely at all, but this is still a great read about NY’s favorite Frozen Four team! 
75 yrs ago Marian Anderson stood in the shadow of the Lincoln Memorial & changed American history. #NPR highlights:
#EqualPay is not just a women’s issue or a families’ issue; it’s an American issue. #FairShot
With tax credits for live theatre investments, Washington can give its regards to Broadway.
Thanks Bryan Cranston & all who urged Congress to push Broadway tax credit #AlltheWay this morning. @allthewaybway
Exciting provision for commuters who use bike share programs was included in the bill passed out of the Senate Finance Committee this afternoon. Looking forward to helping it pass the full Senate.   
Congrats to the @BuffaloBisons on their #OpeningDay win. #tbt Can't wait to visit again soon!
Joined #TheInternetAssocation today for first -ever Google hangout about #patent trolls, reform and how it will help NY businesses. If you missed it you can watch here: 
In NY, we’re all family. Loved having the Nurse Practitioners in DC today!
Ready for 1st Google hangout w/ Internet Association - we'll talk #patent trolls, reform & how help #smallbiz
Today Noam Levey spelled it out: #ACAworks - so make today the day you #GotCovered 
Renewing FEMA's SAFER program will help local students pay for college & serve #Nassau & #Suffolk communities
Didn't expect to cheer for #Michigan to save this years bracket #MarchMadness
Been a @unioncollege hockey fan for a long time -  #GoDutchmen
NA
Yesterday Senate Dems rolled out our plan to give every American a #FairShot. Talk a look:
Ralph Wilson was a hero for the #BuffaloBills, Western New York and for all of football. He gave Western New York an institution that became as much a part of the community’s DNA as harsh winters, hard work and the glorious Falls. He loved the Bills and Western New York with every fiber of his being and the legacy of my dear friend will reverberate in Western New York and in the game of football for generations to come.  - cs
It's Maple Weekend - get out & enjoy that delicious #NYmaple at a tasting, tour or pancake breakfast near you: http://www.mapleweekend.com/
Thanks to Bill Keller & #sourceconf. Confident we're on the cusp of passing a media shield bill this year
Sorry #BarackObama, it's #Syracuse all the way! #MarchMadness
EPA should fund project to restore Greece's Braddock Bay which will boost boating/fishing & protect wetlands #NYtownoftheday
Congrats to the Valor24 & thank you Mr. Libman for reminding us that a #Brooklyn friendship never falters. #MedalofHonor 
NA
Bang! News of #BICEP2 discovery confirming #MIT's Alan Guth is an immense step forward in understanding the universe & shows why #STEM matters. With more federal investment in #STEM imagine how many more discoveries like this will happen in this generation 
Visited the happy cows at Van Althuis Dairy in Sherburne, NY yesterday
Thanks to everyone who attended today's @JetBlue event in #Albany - esp those who wore green!
Taking action to close loopholes will make flights safer and help curb passport theft down the road after #Malaysian Air flight 370  
In #NewYork, this is how we celebrate #pi day
It's crystal clear where the issue of immigration reform is headed, and Republicans have only two choices to make. They can either help pass comprehensive reform which will greatly reduce the flow of illegal immigrants, grow our economy by bringing in needed workers in high tech and agriculture areas, and provide a hard-earned path to eventual citizenship for the 11 million in the shadows, or they can sit idly by and watch the President greatly curtail deportations while 11 million continue to live in limbo here in America. The choice is clear; a reform bill has the support of liberals, moderates, and conservatives and all we need is the courage of the Republican leadership to make the right and obvious choice. -cs
Raising kids is hard, but they're worth it. Passing #CCDBG isn't that hard & it's worth it #Care4kids #tbt
Happy 102nd birthday to the @girlscouts, especially Daisy Troop 954 who marched Sunday in the Huntington St Patricks Day parade!
Great news for parents & students looking for a protein packed snack in the lunch line, and for NY's dairy industry: 
Working with Jamestown native #TaylorSmetska to expedite the visa application process for her husband, Kostya, who is in #Ukraine and was unable to leave the country with his wife and infant daughter. Taylor’s story is a reminder of all families torn apart by the crisis in Ukraine; we’ll do all we can to help.
Everyone had a terrific time at Huntington's 80th St Patrick's Day Parade!
NA
Honored to meet the Dalai Lama today. Special thanks to master photographer Senator Leahy.
NYer Anthony Brown donated to his mother & knows how important it is to be #kidneyaware @kindeyfund
Pleased with Air Force decision to award Combat Rescue Helicopter contract on time- will be great news for #LockheedMartin Owego Employees:
Today the Rocket, one of the historic #HudsonRiver Ice Yachts, took its first sail in 100 years.
As LBJ showed, you gotta crack a few eggs to make an omelet & what an omelet #BryanCranston made in #AlltheWay last night!
Beautiful day in NY & the preservation work on General Sherman near #CentralPark shines brightly
#Syracuse Univ Taishoff Center is leading the charge to make college accessable to those with disabilities
NA
Stood up today w/ Ukrainians in Rochester, praying for freedom & peace for our friends in #Kiev
Is your smart car actually a spy car? Read more:  
Rochesterian Frederick Douglass' statue is featured prominently in the Capitol's celebration of #BlackHistoryMonth
From the #BuffaloNews this morning: #USDA must be prepared to act swiftly to help vineyards hurt by frigid winter
We’re fighting to secure $36 million in federal funds for southern Staten Island  
White dust cloud from Westbury Incinerator could hurt locals- calling on @EPA to investigate air quality
Did anyone get the new #KenBurns app? All the documentaries you love, just a little shorter & ready for traveling. 
#Etsy office in Brooklyn is such a welcoming and creative space. Can't wait to visit again soon!
Very excited to meet the @Etsy staff and tour their office in #Brooklyn
This Valentines Day remember to #buylocal - maybe the right gift was made in your hometown
This is great: http://ow.ly/3hhJBu but still not giving up on getting US dairy products into Russia.
My legislative director snowshoed to work to help us keep the office open today. Talk about #snowday
Winter storms have cancelled blood drives across NY. Consider donating to your local blood bank or the #RedCross #tbt
Speaking today and supporting a safer internet for our kids everyday. #SID2014
Working with the State Dept to #HelpFindHarry – if you have information about NY traveler and travel blogger Harry Devert’s disappearance in Mexico please share:  https://www.facebook.com/helpfindharry
Always hard to leave the @HRC gala; a great night celebrating how far equality has come!
#TeamUSA: We stand w/ you no matter your "race, religion, politics, gender or otherwise," Go for Gold! #p6 @Athleteally
Can’t wait to cheer on the US Olympic Team, especially all the New Yorkers! #TEAMUSA
To all our NY fishing families: 2014 is the first year of #Fluke fairness
Researchers say "“It’s going to be hard to maintain strong economic growth with such a large proportion of the population falling behind. We might be able to muddle along — but can we really recover?” This year Senate Dems are working on ways to recover.
Marching now in Chinatown; Happy Year of the Horse! #ChineseNewYear
Applaud the FCC's decision to bring high-speed internet to even more students, teachers & communities by 2015. Read more: 
The results are in: not headed for #Sochi2014 but still loving the #superbowl spirit at the #toboggan run at #SBblvd
Which to choose, @denverbroncos or @seahawks M&Ms? Any thoughts @senpattymurray #markudall #mariacantwell #michaelbennet ? #superbowl
Love it when NY hosts the #SuperBowl: met @nyGiants Terrell Thomas @t2ny & talked w/ Joe Benigno of WFAN 660
On air this am w/ @MarcErnay @1010winsNEWYORK talking @t_masahiro18 @yankees and #SuperBowl
New Yorkers are still rebuilding & today's vote to #FixFlood insurance rate hikes will help.
15 days until pitchers and catchers report...
Oh and... #SOTU @nowthisnews @washingtonpost
Getting ready for #SOTU - Thanks @washingtonpost
Incredible to meet Shareeka Elliott, a member of @32BJ_SEIU & give her a ticket to attend the #SOTU address
Sing us a song, #BillyJoel - tonight & every month at Madison Square Garden  
Avonte's Law would create a program to provide tracking devices & expand support services for families of children with #Autism so no one has to suffer like Avonte Oquendo's family has.  
Happy to see DOT and NTSB agree that we need to make oil cars safer: 
New combat rescue helicopters will protect & grow jobs & keep @LockheedMartin flying high in Tioga Co
Working w/ #Chautauqua Co & Jamestown officials to keep fed funding to preserve service at Jamestown Airport
Frank would have turned 90 today. Wish we were celebrating together. #tbt
Believe it or not, worms at Worm Power in Avon may be key to managing dairy waste & organically protecting crops.
Got some great wing sauce in #Buffalo today for #SuperBowl chicken wings
Dr. King held a mirror up to America & made it a better place, held a mirror up to each of us & made us better ppl
Loved being part of @RLEspinal 's swearing in ceremony today. Congrats Councilman!
Congrats to a great Schumer-alum, Assemblyman @VPichardo86 on your swearing in & bringing the best of the #Bronx to #ALB
Completed Hudson Greenway Link Study paves way for next phase-creating ped/bike path from Yonkers to #NYC
Our 80s suits were timeless; hairlines weren't, unless you're George Miller. #tbt
Nice story:
Take a look at the latest Shriver Report “A Woman’s Nation Pushes Back from the Brink” with essays from Senator Gillibrand, #Beyonce Knowles-Carter, #Lebron James and more. And it’s free to download before January 15th.
Great joining @lauriecumbo at her swearing in yesterday. Congrats Laurie!
After derailment @USDOTFRA will heed our call & finally install inward-facing cameras in locomotives w/ @SenBlumenthal
1st NYers to visit the DC office & pin the map in 2014 are faculty & students from @CollegeofStRose #Albany
Just heard Carly Fleischmann’s incredible story. She is a true role model for those with Autism and their families. Read her post below about her experience testing GPS tracking bracelets for police. Truly remarkable:  Sen. Chuck Schumer proposes placing tracking devices on autistic children   I am all for this! GPS tracking medical alert bracelets that will let a parent find a missing child with autism in seconds. Last year I did a mock run a way with a police officer and I had on a GPS Unit. I made it out of the police search net in less than an hour and I was 20 miles form where they would have been looking for me. Last years in north America alone over 8,00 people with autism were reported missing and a handful of them never made it home alive. A GPS tracking system would help bring people with autism and Alzeimers home safely. I Carly fleischmann support this idea and hope it become law all over the world.  This post is in memory of MENIFEE, Calif R.I.P  "Schumer's idea would expand a voluntary program that is already offered to those with Alzheimer's disease and would have the tracking devices worn by autistic children in case they run away. The proposal comes in response to the month-long disappearance of 14-year-old Avonte Oquendo from Long Island City, Queens"  Read more: 
It’s not just coastal states facing flood risks; it's every part of the US that needs us to #FixFlood insurance.
It’s not just coastal states facing flood risks; it's every part of the US that needs us to #FixFlood insurance.
By reforming our broken #immigration system this year, even more Americans with "fresh eyes” will have a chance to become citizens of this nation:
New Yorkers are determined to get back to work; extending unemployment insurance helps.  #RenewUI
Enjoying the inaugural breakfast & celebrating Mayor @BilldeBlasio #inaugNYC
Getting ready for @ThisWeekABC with Bill Kristol. Tune in at 10am.
Fed gov’t should approve Crosman Corp’s FTZ app to help grow biz & jobs at home. #MadeinAmerica
365 days to visit all 62 counties! Already excited for the 2014 62 County Tour. ICYMI, here's a recap of 2013's visits:
Beautiful start to a new year & a new Mayor of New York @DeBlasioNYC #cityhall #inaugNYC
"The income gap this chart represents is not sustainable. There is nothing wrong with being wealthy, but if we don’t pursue policies that advance economic opportunity for the middle-class, this country will change for the worse. We need to focus like a laser on the light blue line in this chart, and get it heading upwards again."
We need to figure out exactly what happened at Target, and then we need to figure out ways to prevent it.
My staff is ready to go home to New York for the holidays!
Buzzfeed's Benny Johnson should have used the scout, just scoutin' in his #tbt post: http://www.buzzfeed.com/bennyjohnson/the-most-beautiful-throwback-thursday-instagrams-from-politi
The tremendous damage wrought by Superstorm Sandy to both inland and shoreline areas in Staten Island made it crystal clear that we need to invest in our natural flood mitigation infrastructure throughout the borough; this is a project that will do just that in a sustainable manner.
Nearly a year after tragedy, getting WWFD donations to firefighters & families was simply the right thing to do.
Celebrated the 15th annual 62 co tour today in Saratoga & pushed for short-line rail tax credits
Enjoy the snow but don't forget to shovel out your hydrant for safety.
Snow has fallen in almost all of New York’s 62 counties so it’s time for Senator Schumer’s Winter in NY Facebook/Instagram Banner Contest.
 
 This year, Chuck will choose two winners, one from Facebook and one from Instagram, who best highlight winter in the Empire State. 
 
 Use #schumerbanner in your post or share your photo in the comments below. Remember to include your name so we can credit you and also where the photo was taken. 
 
 Please remember that the photo must be taken by you, and, please, amateur photographers only – no professionals. We will announce the winner on December 21st, the first day of winter.
Everyone should read about one of Time Magazine’s Runner-Ups for Person of the Year. She’s one of New York’s toughest fighters, Edie Windsor.
The #ACA brings mental health & substance abuse benefits to over 2.9M New Yorkers. Did you #getcovered?
Dune construction plans for #SmithPoint, et al will make NY's shore safer in future storms & ensure more walks w/ friends like @timbishopNY
Keeping the nations top doctors flocking to the #Rochester area and, most importantly, it may lead to the development of and HIV vaccine  http://www.democratandchronicle.com/story/news/local/2013/12/06/ur-given-1m-grant-for-hiv-treatment-prevention/3896443/  
Urging @USTradeRep, @USDA to lower trade barriers & open markets to promote growth of companies like Cayuga Milk Ingredients
After sudden EPA rule change, Monroe County, City of Rochester and taxpayers must throw out $400K-worth of fire hydrants come January. EPA must grant a waiver for these hydrants so taxpayer dollars don’t go to waste. Visited them today.
Kaufman Astoria Studios outdoor backlot is ready and waiting for film and television crews to yell 'action' and choose Kaufman Astoria Studios and New York City as a location for filming.
Western New York's economy depends on a safe and efficient border crossing. Was in Buffalo yesterday calling on Customs and Border Protection to bring more agents back to the Buffalo border.
Toured the #derailment right near Spuyten Duyvil w/ @senblumenthal @repseanmaloney
Was briefed today by @NTSB about the #metronorth detrailment investigation w/ @SenBlumenthal
Billy Crystal created and performed in a great show, #700Sundays. We grew up in similar areas, reminded me of my youth -cs
It's no Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, but this 2 minute video from the #NewYorkTimes is worth watching:
#HUD loan would remove blight, raise property values & improve safety for first responders in #Schenectady
The #StatenIslandFerry carries over 22 million passengers a year & deserves a fair share of national ferry funding:
Indian Point needs maritime security 24/7
Presidential Park Elementary School is open! Had a great morning meeting students & listening to Middletown’s young musicians
Wrote the #StateDepartment: Iran must abandon the pursuit of nuclear weapons if sanctions are to be lessened:
"3-D printers are a miraculous technology that have the potential to revolutionize manufacturing, but we need to make sure they are not being used to make deadly, undetectable weapons."
Kali the Polar Bear is staying put at the #BuffaloZoo at least until 2015 if all goes as planned. 
Fighting for American consumers: 
#HonoringVets & their families in Rockland County at the @Homes4HeroesNY ribbon cutting
Calling for fair treatment for New York's anglers:
GPS devices are a perfect example of #tech solving centuries old problems & making everyday life better.
ICYMI: Spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about Superstorm #Sandy & the impacts of #climatechange on NY & the East Coast
Read more about the important agreement to ensure you have an opportunity to "opt-out" before stores track your movements using the wifi on your cell phone.
The Prescription Drug Task Force in Syracuse has worked hard, finding ways to make drug take back events work in the community. Great meeting you all today at Kinney Drugs in Liverpool.
Enjoyed some prosciutto and mozzarella with Assemblyman Mike Cusick and Senator Andrew Lanza at Demontes in #StatenIsland today. Buon appetito!
NA
Lets Go Buffalo! Thanks everyone for another terrific #BuffaloNite
If our chicken is processed in China the USDA should simply label it & keep families in the know.
Safety comes first at #HudsonYards, bodes well for @Amtrak’s new tunnels that will speed travel between NY & NJ
Jim Kelly is here to talk about newborn screenings & research @HuntersHopefdn #billsmafia
Great to see so many farmers and friends from home in Washington, celebrating New York's strong agribusinesses!
NA
Just voted in Park Slope. Old machines working well so far! Take time to vote in today's #nyprimary
Cheers and high-fives for @KomenGreaterNYC runners on this beautiful day #RaceForACure
Working to pass the Small BREW Act with @BillOwensNY. Sampled terrific #NYBrew today at Lake Placid Pub & Brewery
Met the Rizzi family at the Hicksville train station on their way to see Annie. We need to keep LIRR trains running on time for all our LI commuters and travelers.
Enjoying Dublin, Galway and elsewhere with my family.
Lots of NYers are visiting Ireland! Today met NYers from Buffalo, Elmira, Patchogue, Brooklyn & Staten Island. Yesterday, met the dad of Massapequa Park Mayor Jeffrey Pravato, and snapped a picture with him.
Just a glimpse of the beautiful scenery!
Just a glimpse of the beautiful scenery!
Enjoying Dublin, Galway and elsewhere with my family.
Enjoying Dublin, Galway and elsewhere with my family.
Attention New York coastal residents and businesses: the Hurricane Sandy Task Force released its #RebuildingStrategy today. Read more:
Just one week until The Great New York State Fair opens. Find out where to buy tickets in advance and get other information (like the history of the fair) at www.nysfair.org
Congratulations to Elmont Memorial High School's Model UN on being named the best small delegation at the Model UN summit in Beijing, China. Great meeting you today!
Great read about legendary @UAlbany football coach Bob Ford on announcing his impending retirement after 43 yrs of leading the #purplefam #greatdanes Congrats!  http://www.timesunion.com/sports/article/UAlbany-coach-Ford-retiring-after-season-4728243.php
Great to travel the state and catch up with so many NYers. Please tag yourselves and check back as new photos are posted.
Check out the make your own wine table at the Wyoming County Fair and learn how they make that delicious #NYwine
Thrilled to join Pioneer employees in Perry in Wyoming County
Running for the NYS Assembly, 1974 #ThrowbackThursday #tbt
Great to travel the state and catch up with so many NYers. Please tag yourselves and check back as new photos are posted.
Enjoyed my first time on #CNN's #NewDay, talking #immigration and Russian relations. Watch here:
Rooting for Utica's very own illusionist #LeonEtienne to make it to the next round on #AGT. Watch him @RadioCity tonight on #NBC @ 9/8c
Great to travel the state and catch up with so many NYers. Please tag yourselves and check back as new photos are posted.
NY and the #Rockaways are back. They'll be stronger & better than ever.
Great to travel the state and catch up with so many NYers. Please tag yourselves and check back as new photos are posted.
Proud to see #Vassar leading the nation & giving students from all backgrounds a chance to get a great education.
NA
Research is the way to a cure for #T1D; do it for these great kids!
Picture Main Street project will make a walkable Williamsville  http://www.buffalonews.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20130702/CITYANDREGION/130709875/1010
Loved flying into LI MacArthur airport last week and meeting Joey Mueller on his way home from Afghanistan. Thank you for your service to our country.
Wonderful group from New York, DC and across the country gathered today in Emancipation Hall, to honor Frederick Douglass and celebrate the remarkable legacy of a statesman, an abolitionist, a brilliant self-taught writer, and a man who never stopped fighting for emancipation, equality, and for the dignity of every American.    Thanks to the Congressional Black Caucus for the great photo.
Working to #BringBikesonBoard Amtrak trains heading to the Cap Region & ADKs in order to better connect cyclists and families with Upstate trails, treasures and tourist destinations.  http://blog.timesunion.com/business/schumer-wants-amtrak-trains-to-accommodate-passengers-bicycles/56745/
On this day in 1919, Congress passed the 19th Amendment granting women the right to vote.
Great day at the Air Show yesterday. Feel free to tag yourselves here.
Many of you are asking about UAFA and I would like to say yesterday was one of the most trying days in my 30-plus years in public office. I've been a lead sponsor of the Uniting American Families Act for a number of years and I believe and desire that its principles should be included in the immigration bill. There will be an opportunity to add it to the bill on the Senate floor.   I believe opposing its inclusion is rank discrimination. I also believe the American people support this because they support equal treatment under the law for all people. I have urged inclusion of its principles in this immigration bill publicly, privately, individually, with my colleagues, both Democrat and Republican. But there are many in congress who take a very different view than me on this issue.    The bottom line is that in the political reality in which we operate, the Senate and more broadly, the U.S. Congress, those who disagree with me have more than enough power to prevent passage, either as a stand-alone bill or as part of the immigration bill. And if we added it to S.744 in committee, they would have walked away and the bill would have failed.   They have said it publicly, they have told me privately, and I believe them. The result: no equality, no immigration bill. Everyone loses. What can be accomplished via this comprehensive bill for 11 million people in the shadows, for the security and prosperity of our nation is too vital, too rare to let fail. I know that this provides little comfort.  But I want you supporters of this amendment to know, I will be here and ready to work with you to advance the cause of legal equality. This is far from the last battle.    The bill now moves to the floor where we again will have opportunities to improve the bill, and I stand ready to work with all to make accomplish this task.
Cindy Accardi Hearn: What is your opinion of President Obama's executive order to allow children of illegal aliens the right to stay in this country? Do you feel this act is amnesty?  Cindy - thank you for your questions.    The second question is a great question. While I strongly support the President's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), I believe that we must fix this problem legislatively. It is why I have worked these past six months to write a comprehensive immigration bill. Our immigration system is broken. Everyone from the left to the right agrees that something must be done to fix it. To that end, I believe S.744 provides a good solution with strong border security while ensuring future illegal immigrants will have not be able to find a job due to mandatory e-verify. It also provides a tough, but fair path to citizenship for millions who currently live in the shadows of this country. Finally, it fixes our legal immigration system to ensure that the United States continues to attract the best and the brightest and companies have an adequate workforce to grow.
Starting with a few questions posted last night:  Joe Ryan: Chuck what about the E 2 investors. Could you answer me on your thoughts ???  I am a strong supporter of the E-2 treaty investor visa. This visa allows investors from our allied countries to travel to the United States to set up businesses here. I strongly believe that we should encourage anyone who wants to open up a store or a business in the United States should be allowed to as long as they comply with our laws. This drives investment and job growth in our economy.
Ready to take your questions on our bipartisan immigration bill that passed the Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday - Thanks to everyone who already posted.  http://www.marchforinnovation.com/event-schedule/40
12 hearings, 163 amendments and 29+ hours of debate later Comprehensive Immigration Reform will soon be heading to the Senate floor. I'll be taking your questions tomorrow on Facebook at 10:30am as part of the March for Innovation.  http://www.marchforinnovation.com/
NA
NA
Missed the lilacs when visiting #ROC today- hope to see them tomorrow #lilacfest
NA
Was in Buffalo today pushing to keep the NFTA Counter Terrorism Team, including bomb sniffing dogs King & Cora, on the job
Was proud to stand with leaders from business, labor, faith community, Ag, tech, & Dreamers to announce immigration bill today.
 
 For those who want to know more about comprehensive immigration reform, I’ll be answering your questions on Twitter tonight around 6:30. Use #AskSchumer
Bipartisan Group To Be Joined By Immigration Reform Advocates and Leaders from Business, Labor, High-Tech, Farm & Faith Communities TODAY, April 18, 2013 at 2:30 PM  Watch Live here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjS0HL6MC5Q
Lunch today with a terrific group of interns in the DC office
Our immigration system is broken. Let's start a national conversation on how to fix it. Read the bipartisan Senate immigration reform bill here: http://www.schumer.senate.gov/forms/immigration.pdf
Congrats to the Buffalo Bisons on the first win of the season!
Was In Phoenix yesterday with Senator John McCain for immigration briefings, a visit to the border and Passover. Thank you for the matzah!
Best part of Rockville Center St Patrick's Day Parade? The Bands!
NYers visiting Washington, DC should check out this great exhibit, including films, at the Library of Congress about Brooklyn's Danny Kaye and Sylvia Fine:
We're lucky to have so many Irish call New York State home
Fear the Great Danes! Go UAlbany!
We're lucky to have so many Irish call New York State home
This latest brazen theft, from a Niagara Falls home shows why Congress must pass the Metal Theft Prevention Act: http://ow.ly/ix1y4
Vote TODAY for Syracuse in the National Mayor’s Challenge. A vote for Syracuse is a vote for NY.
Wore my crimson tie for Delta Sigma Theta's centennial and spoke with DST sorority sisters about new "ladder up" policies.   Great having so many of DST's New Yorkers in Washington; feel free to tag yourselves!
Welcome home Lieutenant Colonel Sam Glover! Overjoyed to see our former US Army detail's family reunited last night at center court:
Watch out Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Barbara Boxer: New York is the Silicon Valley of Yogurt
Just met Weather Girl and music icon Martha Wash
NY families agree banks should be in the business of helping Hurricane Sandy homeowners and extend delay period until aid arrives
Celebrating St. Pats with the American Legion Riders of Greenlawn
Brooklyn's own Miss America Mallory Hagan and I celebrated Post-Sandy reopening of my favorite supermarket-Red Hook's Fairway Market
Teaming up with Al D'Amato in Island Park to urge passage of critical Sandy aid bill
Secured National Park Service Director's commitment with Rep. Michael Grimm to reopen Great Kills Marina after Superstorm Sandy
Calling on US Treasury Deptartment and National Park Service to allocate federal tax credits to revamp Glenwood Power Plant in Yonkers.
