Joe and Hoosier Jeff Sexton discussed Joe’s military suicide prevention legislation named after Sexton’s son, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, on MSNBC’s Taking the Hill with Patrick Murphy yesterday afternoon. The Sexton Act was signed into law earlier this month as part of the national defense bill.
From my family to yours, have a very blessed Christmas. –Joe
Today, Joe joined U.S. Marines and local veterans to distribute Toys-for-Tots toys at Memorial Hospital of South Bend.
From the Indy Star: "Donnelly ended the 2014 session with a significant first-term legislative victory. It’s significant because it could help a lot of people and because of what it symbolizes."   Read more in "Tully: Sen. Joe Donnelly - Indiana's Man in the Middle"  http://www.indystar.com/story/opinion/columnists/matthew-tully/2014/12/22/tully-sen-joe-donnelly-indianas-man-middle/20760559/
ICYMI: Joe was on Morning Joe to discuss the #SextonAct and how it will help prevent military suicide. #EndSuicide   http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/watch/life-after-war-375874627878
Today, after two years of working to bring attention to the scourge of military suicide, Joe’s signature legislation—the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act—was signed into law by the President.    “Today, we honor the memory of a young man who was taken from us too soon.  In remembering Jacob, we seek to prevent another servicemember’s family from experiencing the tragedy of suicide.  I have worked alongside Jacob’s parents, Jeff and Barb, for two years now, and their strength continues to inspire my work.  Starting next year, every servicemember—Active Duty, Guard, or Reserve—will receive an annual mental health assessment.  Also, we will evaluate which prevention or intervention programs are working in hopes of future expansion.  I am grateful for the support of many individuals who and organizations that stood with me throughout this effort, but most of all for Jeff and Barb, who continue to share their story to help prevent future tragedies.” -Joe
Kent Hall with Honor for All, "Jacob did not die in vain." The Sexton Act requiring annual mental health assessment for all servicemembers will become law. #endsuicide
Jeff and Barb Sexton join Joe to talk about their work together to pass the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. Jeff says that Sexton Act passed on what would have been Jacob's 27th birthday.
Joe talks about progress to end scourge of military suicide with Sexton Act on verge of becoming law
Joe announced his committee assignments for the 114th Congress today. In addition to continuing to serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee, Agriculture Committee, and Special Committee on Aging, Joe will join the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee.  “I look forward to continuing my work on behalf of servicemembers on the Armed Services Committee, especially in the area of mental health. Further, there is ongoing work in the Agriculture Committee to properly implement the five-year Farm Bill and meet the needs of our ag sector. We have more to do in the Aging Committee, also, in the area of the protecting seniors from scams and fraud. Finally, I look forward to the new opportunity to represent Hoosiers on the Banking Committee. From this new committee, I will be able to address issues affecting Indiana financial institutions and their customers, economic development, housing, and export financing.” -Joe
Last night, the Senate passed the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, legislation cosponsored by Joe that will create tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities—allowing eligible Americans access to the same types of flexible savings options that others have through college savings accounts, health savings accounts, and individual retirement accounts.  “In Indiana, we know that disabilities shouldn’t be a roadblock to pursuing your dreams. The savings accounts this legislation creates will help Americans with disabilities save for things like education, transportation, and even housing. I have been proud to support the ABLE Act, and I am glad to see it pass with bipartisan support.” -Joe
Happy #Hanukkah to all Hoosiers, Americans, and everyone around the world who begin celebrating the #FestivalofLights tonight. -Joe
In 2011, Scott Stump, a native of Clay Township in St. Joseph County and a Lance Corporal in the Marines during the Gulf War, co-founded the National Desert Storm War Memorial Association to advocate and raise money for an Operation Desert Storm and Desert Shield memorial. Last Friday, legislation sponsored by Senators Donnelly and Boozman (R-AR) authorizing the construction of a national memorial passed the Senate and now heads to the President to be signed into law.
The Senate today passed legislation introduced by Senator Donnelly and Senator John Boozman (R-AR) that would authorize the construction of a National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial.  “For the thousands of Hoosiers and for all Americans who served in Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, this memorial will honor their courageous service and sacrifice. I am pleased that after working with my friend Senator Boozman, our bipartisan legislation to create a national memorial is now headed to the President to be signed into law. I look forward to the day when our Desert Storm and Desert Shield veterans can visit their memorial.” –Joe
The Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act has now passed both chambers of Congress and is on its way to the President’s desk.  “This is outstanding news: the Jacob Sexton Act will soon be law. After nearly two years of working on this effort with Jacob’s parents Jeff and Barb, we will honor the memory of Jacob by positively impacting servicemembers’ lives.  This common sense change will ensure we are focused not only on our Armed Forces’ physical readiness but also mental readiness.  We make strides in the effort to reduce the stigma of seeking help—truly, it is a sign of strength.  We accomplished this with strong bipartisan support, and I thank my friend, Senator Wicker, for working with me to get this done.” -Joe
The Senate is expected to vote on the national defense bill today, and with it Joe’s Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. #PassSextonAct http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/Jacob-Sexton-Act
WATCH: Joe joined supporters of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act earlier this week to announce anticipated Senate passage of the bill. Stay tuned for more updates on the Sexton Act.
A new report from the Department of Defense shows that 224 servicemembers took their own lives in the first six months of this year.   “It’s incredibly concerning how many servicemembers we are losing to suicide. Any servicemember lost is one too many. There are commonsense steps we can take to address the scourge of military suicide, and I hope that one step we take yet this week is passing the Jacob Sexton Act.” -Joe
I'd like to thank the National Guard Association of the United States, the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, the National Military Family Association, the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, the American Association of Suicidology, the National Alliance on Mental Illness, and the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States for joining us yesterday to announce anticipated passage of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act this week. -Joe
#PassSextonAct http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/Jacob-Sexton-Act
With Senate vote on national defense bill and Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act approaching, Senator Donnelly and organizations supporting the Sexton Act talk about progress to prevent military suicide.
WATCH: Joe answers questions about the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, expected to be considered this week when the Senate takes up the national defense bill.
#GoodNews: Chrysler announced plans this week to invest $266 million in two of its Kokomo transmission plants.
#ICYMI: A Newburgh Airman gave his little sister a special surprise at Sharon Elementary School last week.
Always heartwarming to see how much good Toys for Tots does for Hoosier children around Christmas. -Joe
The U.S. State Department has established a dedicated public email address—HagupitEmergencyUSC@state.gov—for all inquiries concerning U.S. citizens affected by Typhoon Hagupit.  U.S. citizens can also contact the State Department by calling  1-888-407-4747 (US); 1-202-501-4444  (international).   Further information on the U.S. Embassy Manila’s website regarding assistance to U.S. citizens can be found at http://manila.usembassy.gov/service.html.
Today is World Soil Day. Visit www.fao.org/globalsoilpartnership/en/  to learn about efforts to preserve our soil health.
I am sorry to hear about the passing of Bill Mays. He was a friend and inspiration to every Hoosier. -Joe
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of fallen Army Staff Sergeant Matthew Ammerman, a native of Noblesville. Sergeant Ammerman was an American hero, and we are proud to call him a fellow Hoosier. We remember and honor his service and ultimate sacrifice. -Joe
“Our farmers feel we work non-stop every single day to voluntarily comply to make our waters cleaner and to make things better, and all we hear is more government regulation. I think what’s happened is those actions have lost the confidence of our ag community.” Watch Joe’s full testimony from Wednesday's Senate Agriculture Committee here: http://bit.ly/1yVTps6.
NA
Share this #GoodNews: South Bend Woodworks has a piece on display at the White House this Christmas season. Their wooden toy train is on display with replicas of White House dogs Bo and Sunny, viewable during holiday tours of the White House.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed Senator Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military #SuicidePrevention Act with bipartisan support today as part of the National Defense Authorization Act. “We are one step closer to The Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act being signed into law. Our service men and women serve our country honorably, putting their lives on the line in our defense, and we owe it to them to ensure they have access to the mental health resources they deserve.” –Senator Donnelly
Senator Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military #SuicidePrevention Act—bipartisan legislation named after Indiana National Guardsman Jacob Sexton—is expected to be considered soon by the Senate as part of the national defense bill. Let’s #PassSextonAct to strengthen efforts to help our servicemembers and prevent military suicide. Learn about Jacob Sexton’s story and how this legislation would impact servicemembers by visiting the link below.
Hoosiers in Central Indiana: Don’t forget about the Veterans History Project event Joe’s office is hosting tomorrow in Danville at the Hendricks County Senior Services Senior Center from 1:30-3:30 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in interviewing a veteran are also welcome to attend. Download the event flyer at the link below for more information.
This Thursday, December 4th, Joe’s office will host its next Veterans History Project event in Danville at the Hendricks County Senior Services Senior Center from 1:30-3:30 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in interviewing a veteran are also welcome to attend. Download the event flyer at the link below for more information.
From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. Please stay safe if you're traveling today. -Joe
Joe’s office will be hosting its next Veterans History Project event on Thursday, December 4th in Danville at the Hendricks County Senior Services Senior Center from 1:30-3:30 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in volunteering to interview a veteran are greatly appreciated. Download the event flier at the link below for more information.
Congratulations to Wayne Townsend on receiving both the Sagamore of the Wabash and Purdue University’s Order of the Griffin this weekend.   Visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/legislativeprograms to learn about Joe’s Legislative Program named in Wayne’s honor.
Congratulations to Mishawaka native and Wabash College student Jacob Burnett and Notre Dame grad Alexander Coccia on being named Rhodes Scholars.
Great to tour FCC’s clutch assembly facility in Portland this morning. -Joe
“Seniors and all Hoosiers should have peace of mind knowing they can answer their phones free from the risk of having a criminal on the other end of the line seeking to scam them. This bipartisan legislation would take steps to help protect seniors and all consumers from phone scams by giving people additional protection and closing existing loopholes. We must work together—both Democrats and Republicans as well as government and private industry—to crack down on spoofing and phone scams.” –Joe today announcing his support for the Anti-Spoofing Act of 2014.
Today is National Rural Health Day. Hoosier health care professionals are doing amazing work each and every day for our rural communities across the state. Learn more about #NRHD below.
“This is a speech I had hoped to never give, and one I give with an incredibly heavy heart. I want to speak about a young man from my home state of Indiana, Abdul-Rahman Kassig, known to many who love him as Peter, or Pete. He was a Hoosier, a son of Indiana, and we could not feel more proud of him, or lucky, about the fact that he was one of us.” -Joe
Joe’s on his way to the Senate floor to speak in support of the Keystone XL pipeline. You can watch live on C-SPAN 2 soon.
“Whether moms and dads are going to work, school, or a training program, one of the most important decisions they have to make is who will care for their children. This commonsense legislation will help improve the quality of child care for Hoosier families in need. The reauthorization of the Child Care Development Block Grant Act is an example of what Democrats and Republicans can achieve by working together. Our children deserve access to safe, quality child care services, no matter their family’s income level, and this legislation will help ensure the safety and well-being of Hoosier children.”  Read more about the bipartisan Child Care Development Block Grant Act of 2014, which Joe helped to pass last night, at the link below.
#ICYMI: David Wood, Senior Military Correspondent with the Huffington Post, paid tribute to the memory of Indiana National Guardsman Jacob Sexton and all servicemembers lost to suicide in this special Veterans Day piece last week.
On Saturday, Joe presented the Meehan family of South Bend with the decorations and medals Captain Edward Meehan earned while serving in World War I, including the Purple Heart and the Distinguished Service Cross.   If you or someone you know needs help recovering a veteran’s service records or missing medals, please visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/veterans-resources.
Today, Joe made the following statement after learning about the murder of Abdul-Rahman (Peter) Kassig, an Indianapolis native.   “My family and I are heartbroken for Paula and Ed Kassig. As a parent, I can think of no greater tragedy than losing a child.  Abdul-Rahman (Peter) dedicated himself to providing medical assistance to Syrian refugees, and he will be remembered as someone who made extraordinary sacrifices to assist others in need.  We are incredibly proud of Abdul-Rahman’s humanitarian work.  I ask all Hoosiers to join me and my family as we continue to pray for the Kassig family and keep them in our thoughts as they mourn the loss of their son.”
On Veterans Day 2014, Joe participated in the Belzer Middle School Veterans Day Convocation in Indianapolis, the Veterans Day Council of Indianapolis Memorial Service at the Indiana War Memorial, and the South Grove Intermediate School Veterans Day Program in Beech Grove.
It was an honor to witness the dedication of the Veterans’ Remembrance Memorial at Brownsburg Community School Corporation this past weekend. -Joe
Just met a great group of students from Evansville’s Reitz Memorial High School. Thanks for visiting the office. -Joe
"Our veterans are heroes." -Joe speaking at the Indiana War Memorial this afternoon.
Great to be a part of Belzer Middle School's Veterans Day program this morning. -Joe
WATCH: Joe thanks Hoosier veterans in honor of Veterans Day.  “I want to thank all of our veterans on this very special day—Veterans Day—for all you have done…to give us the chance we have to live in freedom, to raise our family in this amazing country. We will continue to work to make sure we keep the promise to our veterans of better health care, good job opportunities, the chance for all of you to continue to be received with so much love and so much respect by all of your fellow citizens. We have been very, very blessed in this country, and that blessing comes from the sacrifice that you have made.” -Joe
Joe announced his 2015 U.S. Service Academy nominations today. See the full list at the link below.   “It is a great honor each year to be able to nominate fine young Hoosier men and women to our nation’s service academies. Each of these students have already made Indiana extremely proud in reaching this point, and if accepted, I am confident they will go on to make the entire country even prouder. Thank you to everyone who applied this year for your desire to serve our great nation.” –Joe
It was an honor to welcome home Hoosier veterans with Indy Honor Flight at Plainfield High School this weekend. -Joe
“It’s stunning. In a town as wonderful as Connersville to have such a scourge is heartbreaking. We can’t pretend it hasn’t happened. What we can do is try to start knocking out all the root causes of it and then one by one by one trying to make sure everyone here has hope and has a chance.” –Joe in Connersville yesterday discussing the heroin epidemic with local law enforcement, elected officials, and recovering heroin addicts.
Joe's office was proud to present World War II vets Bob and Herb with flags flown over the U.S. Capitol today. Any Hoosier can request a flag for themselves or someone they know by visiting Joe's website at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/flags.
November is #MilitaryFamilyMonth. Take time this month to tell a military family in your life how much we appreciate the sacrifices they make for their loved ones and their country.
Joe’s relocated Indianapolis office officially opened today at 115 N. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 100. “This isn’t my office—this is every Hoosier’s office. It’s our hope that this new location will be able to even better serve the people of central Indiana and our entire state.” –Joe  http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-opens-new-indianapolis-office
November is American #DiabetesMonth. Learn how you can make small changes in your diet/exercise habits to #StopDiabetes at http://diabetesforecast.org/adm.
WATCH: In another installment of the #JustAskJoe series, Joe helps a Noblesville couple regain thousands of dollars in disability benefits after struggling with claims issues for over two years.
“It has been a long and challenging journey to reach this point, and over the past 18 months I have worked closely with the City of Gary, Gary/Chicago International Airport, Canadian National Railroad, Norfolk Southern Railroad, CSX Railroad, and other key stakeholders. Thanks to the commitment and cooperation of all stakeholders, I am optimistic that progress will continue with the Airport’s runway expansion.” –Joe touting the new construction underway that is allowing expansion of the Gary/Chicago International Airport runway to move forward.   http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-significant-step-toward-completion-of-gary-airport-runway-expansion
Thank you American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy for your help to #preventsuicide in our military and raise awareness of this scourge. -Joe
"This is the beginning of a decade of success for the Gary Chicago International Airport." –Joe joining Congressman Pete Visclosky and Gary Mayor Karen-Freeman Wilson to tout the significant progress toward the completion of expanding the Gary Airport runway this morning.
Senator Donnelly’s Indianapolis office is continuing to experience technical difficulties with its phone system. If you need assistance, please call the Senator’s Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4814. Thank you.
A member of Joe’s staff attended the #RedRibbon march against drugs and violence in South Bend this morning.
Senator Donnelly’s Indianapolis office is currently experiencing technical difficulties with its phone system. If you need assistance, please call the Senator’s Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4814. Thank you.
“For more than four decades, including the past 10 years as Adjutant General of Indiana, Major General Umbarger has served Hoosiers and our country with distinction and honor. We thank General Umbarger for his extraordinary service, dedication, and commitment to protecting Hoosiers and our nation. Indiana has a long and proud tradition of serving our country, and General Umbarger’s leadership has played a critical role in ensuring that our brave men and women have the training and support they need. With the fourth largest National Guard contingent in the nation and the well respected J9 Resilience program for Guard members and their families, General Umbarger has made the Indiana National Guard a national model. On behalf of Hoosiers, we wish General Umbarger and his wife Rowana the best.” –Joe on Major General R. Martin Umbarger’s announcement that he will retire as Adjutant General of Indiana in May 2015, after 45 years of service in the Indiana National Guard.  http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-thanks-retiring-adjutant-major-general-umbarger-for-extraordinary-service
A member of Joe’s staff attended the #RedRibbonWeek kick-off breakfast in Muncie this morning. The event was hosted by the Delaware County Prevention Council—a group committed to combating drug and substance abuse in Delaware County and the surrounding communities.
Share this #GoodNews: Two Indiana workforce development groups, EmployIndy and the West Central Indiana Region 4 Workforce Investment Board, have been awarded nearly $16 million through the Department of Labor’s Ready to Work Partnership grant program. The funds are intended to help long-term unemployed Hoosiers get the training they need to fill the jobs that are currently available.
October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month. Visit http://www.dhs.gov/stopthinkconnect to learn about the Department of Homeland Security’s Stop.Think.Connect campaign designed to raise awareness of cyber threats and help Americans be safer online. #NCSAM
It was a pleasure to visit Fair Oaks Farms this afternoon to learn about their eco-friendly, high-tech farming techniques. -Joe
Joe had the opportunity yesterday to tour the ArcelorMittal plant in Burns Harbor, the company’s second largest U.S. steelmaking facility.
Glad to be able to discuss economic development and job creation with members of the Northwest Indiana Forum in Portage earlier today.
Great to meet with United Steelworkers (USW) Local 6787 leaders in Chesterton this morning.
Joe stopped by Kendallville Fire Department this afternoon and had a chance to thank Fire Chief Mike Riehm and Kendallville firefighters for their hard work to keep the local community safe.
Joe went to a “Made in Steuben County” Manufacturing Day event and met with local companies and Angola Mayor Dick Hickman.
Joe met with the Rush County Economic Development Corporation yesterday to get an update on business growth and job creation in the area.
Share this #GoodNews: The Indiana State Police are receiving a $567,000 Department of Justice Anti-Methamphetamine Program grant to fight the production and distribution of methamphetamine.  Indiana is one of only 10 states to receive one of these grants.
Stopped by the Wells County Council on Aging this morning to thank Executive Director Bonnie Valind and her staff for all they’re doing to address issues affecting Hoosier seniors.
Joe stopped by Elder Heart in Nashville today—a non-profit veteran organization seeking to raise awareness of veteran suicide and to connect local communities and veterans through community projects and art.  “Elder Heart’s mission of ‘Warriors helping warriors through community projects’ is fitting because the organization employs and works to empower our heroes through art work and other local initiatives. Our veterans stand to benefit from the experience, and folks living in and visiting Nashville can appreciate the art, while at the same time becoming more aware of the challenges facing our heroes, including military and veteran suicide.” -Joe
On September 3rd, 2014, Joe hosted U.S. Secretary of Labor Tom Perez for a series of visits with Indiana workers, students, and employers to discuss and highlight some of the innovative job training approaches in the Indianapolis area.  U.S. Representative Andre Carson joined them for the visit.
Great to visit Twin Lakes AMVETS Post 91 in Monticello today for lunch.
My heart goes out to the family of fallen Hoosier Corporal Jordan Spears. Corporal Spears was an American hero. He served our country honorably and made the ultimate sacrifice defending our freedoms. We will not forget his service. -Joe
Joe released the following statement tonight regarding the news of ISIS hostage, Hoosier Peter Kassig:  “This is an unimaginably devastating situation for any parent to endure.  My prayers are with Peter’s parents at this terrible time.  My family, like everyone in Indiana and across our country, is praying for and thinking of Peter and his family.  I ask for respect of the Kassig family’s privacy as they seek to navigate this heartbreaking situation.  I ask all Hoosiers to continue to keep Peter in their thoughts and prayers in the days ahead.” 
Today is National Manufacturing Day—a day to recognize manufacturers across the country for their contributions to our economy. Indiana manufacturing accounts for 30% of our gross state product and employs over 500,000 Hoosiers. Visit http://www.mfgday.com/ to learn more and to find out about a #ManufacturingDay event happening near you.
Joe spoke at Habitat for Humanity of Indiana's 30th Anniversary Luncheon today to thank them for 30 years of serving Hoosiers across the state. Habitat for Humanity has 64 affiliates in Indiana covering 75 counties and is working to help Hoosier veterans find jobs and volunteer opportunities.
Joe’s Central Indiana Regional Director accepted an award on his behalf from the Atterbury and IndyPendence Job Corps for Joe’s support of the students involved in these great job training and academic support programs.
On Wednesday, October 1st, Joe visited Indiana Sign and Barricade in Indianapolis and Aeon Imaging in Bloomington for his latest #DonnellyDay events. Donnelly Days are an ongoing series of events where Joe works alongside Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana. In Indy, Joe learned how to stripe a road with Indiana Sign and Barricade workers and in Bloomington he helped assemble a prototype diabetes retinal camera system with Aeon Imaging staff.
Joe visited Aeon Imaging in Bloomington for his second #DonnellyDay stop today. While there he had the chance to learn about their advances in diabetes treatment technology and to help assemble a prototype retinal camera system.
Joe helped stripe a road with Indiana Sign and Barricade workers in Indianapolis today for his latest #DonnellyDay event. Donnelly Days are an ongoing series of events where Joe works alongside Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana.
Today a member of Joe’s staff attended the youth education Canoemobile event hosted by EPA Region 5 Administrator Susan Hedman on the Little Calumet River. #CleanWater
The folks at Real Warriors are working hard to highlight the psychological health issues faced by our veterans and active duty troops. They focus on getting our veterans and servicemembers the help they deserve. Take a look at the resources they offer at http://www.realwarriors.net/.  #SuicidePreventionMonth
WATCH: As #SuicidePreventionMonth comes to a close, take a moment to get a glimpse back at Joe’s efforts to help end the scourge of military suicide, and visit donnelly.senate.gov/preventsuicide for resources for servicemembers and veterans in need.
#ICYMI: South Central Regional Airport Authority received a $2 million grant from the Federal Aviation Administration to continue work on expanding the runway at Clark Regional Airport. #GoodNews
A new Indiana State University report speaks to the ongoing need to address the #SkillsGap in Indiana, especially in rural communities. While the number of available jobs continue to steadily increase, the number of qualified workers to fill those jobs isn’t keeping pace. 
Welcome home Mayor Pete! -Joe
Thank you to everyone who came together for this morning’s Michiana Military Stand Down to give a helping hand to local veterans in need.
#ICYMI: Bedford’s Virgil I. Grissom Municipal Airport received a $2.7M Federal Aviation Administration grant to make necessary repairs to their main runway. “Lawrence County’s airport is a vital part of the area’s transportation infrastructure. This grant will allow the more than 55 businesses in the area, including GM Powertrain and businesses that support Crane Naval Base, to continue and expand their use of the airport. This is great news for Bedford and surrounding communities.” -Joe 
Wishing a happy New Year to all the Hoosiers and everyone around the world celebrating #RoshHashanah. -Joe
This Monday, September 29th, at 2:00pm ET, the Military Family Research Institute at Purdue and the eXtension Military Families Learning Network are hosting a webinar to help groups who work with military-affiliated communities to better understand the financial challenges that our servicemembers and veterans face. Holly Petraeus, Assistant Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Office of Servicemember Affairs, will be the guest speaker.
September is National Preparedness Month. Check out this public service announcement Joe filmed with the The Weather Channel's Jim Cantore to remind Hoosiers to have a plan in place before dangerous weather strikes.
Don’t forget about today’s deadline for Joe’s spring D.C. internship program and the Wayne Townsend & Frank J. Anderson legislative programs. Learn more and apply at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/student-resources/internships and http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/legislativeprograms.
“Hoosier families and businesses expect Congress to do its most basic job: keep the government running.  I am pleased Congress reached a bipartisan agreement to fund the government through December 11th and avoid another government shutdown.  However, we must continue to work together to pass an annual funding bill that will provide economic certainty and spur continued job growth in Indiana and across the country.  “I support providing the President with the tools we need to counter the threat of ISIS.  There are no easy answers, and this threat will continue to require Congressional involvement.  The short-term authorization paves the way for Congress to have a larger, more robust debate in the months ahead, while allowing the U.S. to begin training and equipping vetted Syrian fighters to weaken ISIS.” –Joe following his support of the Continuing Resolution to avoid a government shutdown and provide a short-term authorization to train and equip vetted Syrian fighters to combat ISIS. 
Joe this week helped designate November 29th, 2014 as “Small Business Saturday.” Locally owned small businesses are so important to communities in Indiana and around the country. There are over 28 million small businesses helping the economy to thrive across the United States.
WATCH: Joe spoke at the National Military Family Association and UnitedHealth Group’s breakfast on Tuesday about the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014.
WATCH: Joe speaks on the Senate floor in recognition of Suicide Prevention Month, says we must address the scourge of military suicide, and calls for passage of the national defense bill which includes the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act.
Know a student or recent graduate considering an internship in Washington, D.C.? This Friday is the deadline for Joe’s spring D.C. internship and the Wayne Townsend & Frank J. Anderson Legislative Programs. Learn more and apply at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/student-resources/internships and http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/legislativeprograms. 
Joe’s headed to the Senate floor now to speak in honor of Suicide Prevention Month. He’ll speak on the need to address military suicide and importance of passing the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. You can watch the speech live on C-SPAN 2 soon.  
Joe is scheduled to speak on the Senate floor around 1:15 pm this afternoon in honor of Suicide Prevention Month. Watch the speech live on C-SPAN 2.
“There are six people who are alive today because of Nick and his family’s sacrifice…In the Bible, it says there is no greater love than to lay down your life for someone else. He’s our hero.” –Joe at yesterday’s service for Merrillville Police Officer Nick Schultz.
Twenty years ago tomorrow, the Violence Against Women Act was signed into law. “For two decades, this legislation has helped safeguard a woman’s fundamental right to be safe from violence and, in those terrible instances when violence was perpetrated, to seek justice.” –Joe #VAWA20
Joe crisscrossed Indiana throughout August and early September while the Senate was not in session, traveling to 38 counties and holding 75 events and meetings. Check out this interactive graphic mapping Joe’s work on behalf of Hoosiers.
Always an honor to greet Hoosier veterans in D.C. visiting the WWII Memorial with the Honor Flight Network. Great group came out Wednesday.
WATCH: Last November, Mintonye Elementary School in Lafayette was forced to shut its doors after a tornado caused severe damage to the school property. Among the damage was much of the school’s library book collection. Thanks to the support of many local organizations, the school was able to replenish the library collection in time for its reopening this year. Joe’s office was pleased to help with that effort through the Library of Congress’ Surplus Books Program. #JustAskJoe
At the beginning of Suicide Prevention Month, Joe teamed up with WFYI to host a screening and discussion of “Coming Back with Wes Moore”, a PBS documentary on servicemember’s transition home from war. The challenges servicemembers face when returning home can significantly contribute to Post-Traumatic Stress, and perhaps even suicide. Check out this clip from last week’s event below.
“ISIS is an extremely violent group that poses an ongoing, serious threat to the Middle East, the U.S., and our allies around the world.  I support ongoing and future airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq, and I support the President’s new proposal for airstrikes in Syria. The U.S. is not alone in the fight against ISIS. They are a threat to us all, without regard for international borders or the rule of law…Among all our partners in this fight, none is more critical right now than the Iraqi government in Baghdad. It is essential to addressing the threat of ISIS that Iraq’s leadership send a strong message of inclusion to Iraq’s religious and ethnic minorities…I believe that President Obama has existing authority to take the actions he outlined. I do, however, think that that the President’s ability to respond forcefully and effectively to protect American interests would be strengthened by seeking authorization from Congress.”  –Joe following President Obama’s address to the nation last night regarding the ongoing threat of ISIS and plans for U.S. military action.   Read Joe’s full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/1whcMcf. 
Thirteen years ago today, our country was changed forever. And while no amount of reflection can change the past, we come together today with the hope that maybe it can change the future. We come together with the understanding that by remembering those we have lost—the victims, the first responders, and the brave men and women who went to war as a result—we can better appreciate why we work to make the United States of America an even stronger, better nation. We honor their sacrifice through our hard work and through our love of neighbor and country, so that we can show the world that we will never forget.   Only by working to make our country and our world a better place can we rightly honor those we lost on September 11th, 2001. Let us remember that today.   -Joe
Today is World Suicide Prevention Day. Help us spread the word on the resources available to servicemembers and veterans struggling with mental health challenges by visiting Senator Donnelly’s website and sharing this with your friends, neighbors and family.
Honored to meet Indiana’s two National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) Principals of the Year today—Mr. Krutz from Merrillville High School and Mr. Wilson from Lynhurst 7th and 8th Grade Center in Indianapolis.
It was a pleasure to meet with Indiana Farm Bureau leaders today and an honor to receive the "Friend of Farm Bureau" award.
Each year, organizations across the country recognize September as Suicide Prevention Month. This September, the VA has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the Veterans Crisis Line—a confidential resource for veterans and their families seeking immediate help. Share this link to let a veteran or servicemember in your life know that they’re not alone.
#ICYMI: Meijer announced this week plans to hire 1,800 people for the upcoming holiday season. Visit http://jobs.meijer.com/search/indiana to apply.
On September 3rd, 2014, Joe hosted U.S. Secretary of Labor Tom Perez for a series of visits with Indiana workers, students, and employers to discuss and highlight some of the innovative job training approaches in the Indianapolis area.  U.S. Representative Andre Carson joined them for the visit.
Sporting orange for Feeding America #HungerAction Day. No child should go to bed hungry. –Joe
Greeting Hoosier veterans and other attendees of our screening with @WFYI of "Coming Back with Wes Moore" about servicemembers' transition home.
For this #DonnellyDay at Allison Transmission, Secretary Perez, Congressman André Carson and Joe helped assemble transmissions with the assistance of many Hoosier workers.
Enjoyed lunch with Secretary Tom Perez, Congressman André Carson and the tireless workers at the 465-65 interchange on the south side of Indianapolis.
Great visit to @PikeHighSchool this morning with Secretary Perez and Congressman André Carson to learn about their innovative programs and meet their outstanding students.
Great tour of Knauf Insulation, where they are doing impressive work, in Shelbyville this afternoon. -Joe
Meeting with the staff of Decatur County Memorial Hospital to talk about rural health care.
Good to be in Brookville this morning to visit Hautau Tube Cutoff Systems.
Join Senator Donnelly and WFYI for a screening of "Coming Back with Wes Moore," a PBS program on servicemembers' transition home and the challenges of Post-Traumatic Stress. Discussion with Senator Donnelly to follow.   This event is free and open to the public. Please RSVP to Donnelly_Events@Donnelly.Senate.Gov.
Share this #GoodNews: General Motors has announced plans to invest $48 million into an expansion of its Bedford plant, creating or retaining 45 jobs.
Joe last week traveled to Lawrenceburg, Rising Sun, Vevay, Madison, New Albany, Jeffersonville, Corydon, Marengo, Tell City, Chrisney, Newburgh, Evansville, and Mount Vernon on his Ohio River Tour. During the tour, Joe visited communities along the Ohio River to discuss economic development, job creation, and other local issues with area businesses and organizations.
Join Joe next Wednesday, September 3, in Indianapolis for a special screening of the PBS documentary “Coming Back with Wes Moore” on servicemembers’ transition home from war. Joe will lead a discussion following the screening and explain resources available to servicemembers and veterans if they need to seek help. The screening will begin at 6:00 PM (with a reception before at 5:30 PM) at WFYI Public Media, Reuben Community Room, 1630 N. Meridian Street.
Joe toured Alcoa in Newburgh and met with Alcoa  officials and plant employees. Alcoa is one of the largest producers of aluminum in the world and the largest employer in Warrick County. #OhioRiverTour
Joe visited and toured a plant at Waupaca Foundry in Tell City yesterday on his #OhioRiverTour.
Kicking off Day 3 of his #OhioRiverTour this morning, Joe listened to an update from the Spencer County Chamber of Commerce and Lincolnland Economic Corporation and talked about his priorities on behalf of Hoosiers.
This morning as part of #OhioRiverTour, Joe got an update on River Ridge Commerce Center and visited BriovaRx in Jeffersonville, continuing to focus on creating jobs and growing Indiana's economy
Joe kicked off Day 2 of #OhioRiverTour meeting with the New Albany Mayor, Police Chief, Sheriff, and Economic Development Director at Toast on Market
As part of his #OhioRiverTour, Joe discussed economic development in Vevay during lunch at Granny's.
Know a veteran willing to share their story of service to our country, or someone interested in interviewing such a veteran? Joe’s office is hosting a Veterans History Project event this Monday, August 25, in Fishers at the Hamilton East Public Library from 2:30–4:30 PM. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. 
In Rising Sun, Joe visited the American Legion Post and met with World War II veterans.  #OhioRiverTour
This morning Joe visited the new convention center in Lawrenceburg with Mayor Carr and city officials #OhioRiverTour
In Lawrenceburg, Joe visited the riverfront with Mayor Carr and city officials as part of his #OhioRiverTour
Know a High School student interested in learning more about government and public service? The U.S. Senate Youth Program 2015 application is now open. The deadline to apply is October 3. Learn more at http://www.hearstfdn.org/ussyp/.
NA
Joe toured Elanco’s headquarters in Greenfield this week, a business that develops agricultural and animal health products, to discuss Farm Bill implementation and other ag issues. Elanco is focused on helping deliver a safe, more affordable and abundant food supply by improving the health and performance of animals and introducing new technologies to food production.
Glad to visit the Farbest Foods facility in Vincennes, one of the largest turkey producers in the U.S. Farbest ships about one million pounds of raw fresh and frozen turkey products daily to brand-name food processors in the U.S. and around the world.
Joe toured Beck’s Hybrids in Atlanta, the largest family-owned, retail seed company in the United States, to learn more about the company, its growth over the past 15 years, and the development of new technology.
Joe toured Scott Farms in Pierceton this week to see how their use of cover crops and other conservation practices are impacting local water quality.
"When you could have said no, Jamie stood up and said count on me, count on me to take care of my town and my friends" - Joe, in his eulogy at the funeral for fallen New Carlisle firefighter Jamie Middlebrook.  Watch Joe's eulogy here: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10152384086976130 
"For him to come and visit the plant, work on the line, and relate to some of our employees today, we are very much honored and we see brighter days for the RV industry ahead," President of Thor Industries, Bob Martin said of Joe working the production line at Thor Industries.  #DonnellyDay http://www.wsbt.com/news/local/sen-donnelly-gets-firsthand-look-at-production-lines-at-thor-industries-in-elkhart/27302940 
Watch Joe work the production line at Thor Industries during "Donnelly Days," an ongoing series of events where he will work alongside Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana. #DonnellyDay  http://www.wndu.com/home/headlines/Senator-Donnelly-works-RV-production-line-269894741.html 
Joe met with the Indypendence Job Corps Center students and staff in Indianapolis on Wednesday. Indypendence Job Corps provides career technical and academic training to eligible young people.
Joe participated in National Night Out events last night in Indy's Homecroft and Garfield Park neighborhoods. National Night Out promotes police-community partnerships and crime prevention efforts, as well as build neighborhood camaraderie.
Senator Donnelly attended National Night Out events on Tuesday in Indianapolis' Homecroft Neighborhood and Garfield Park.
The bipartisan legislation that Joe supported to reduce wait times at VA health care facilities, improve access to health care for veterans, and increase accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs was signed into law today by the President.   http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-bipartisan-va-legislation-will-help-hoosier-veterans-reform-va
My family and I are keeping Assistant Fire Chief Jamie Middlebrook's family, friends, and fellow firefighters in our thoughts and prayers.  Assistant Chief Middlebrook was a hero to our community. 
While at the Indiana State Fair yesterday, Joe visited the Pathway to Water Quality exhibit. Pathway to Water Quality promotes good land and water management practices to protect our soil and water resources.
Joe hosted a U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging Field Hearing in Indianapolis entitled "Trust Your Instincts? Tools to Empower Seniors to Identify Scams and Fraud." The hearing aimed to help Hoosier seniors recognize potential warning signs of financial predators. For more information and to read testimony from Joe and other Field Hearing participants, click here: http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-holds-field-hearing-to-empower-hoosiers-generate-new-ideas-on-how-to-address-scams-and-fraud-targeting-seniors
Great visit to four Zionsville businesses this afternoon with local Chamber of Commerce leaders.
“After a lifetime of hard work, seniors should have peace of mind knowing they can enjoy their retirement in peace and with financial security. By providing seniors with knowledge and resources to identify scams and fraud, we can reduce the number of victims who lose out financially to these often-sophisticated schemes.” –Joe, after hosting a @SenateAging Field Hearing today in Indianapolis to help empower Hoosiers and generate new ideas on how to address scams and fraud targeting seniors  To learn more about the hearing and read testimony from Senator Donnelly and others, please click below. http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-holds-field-hearing-to-empower-hoosiers-generate-new-ideas-on-how-to-address-scams-and-fraud-targeting-seniors 
Time for lunch with the workers at @IndyStateFair Pioneer Village
Stopped at Pioneer Village at the @IndianaStateFair
Starting the U.S. Senate Aging Committee field hearing on helping Hoosiers ID scams and fraud at the Indiana State Fair with Congressman André Carson.
Ready for the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging Field Hearing on preventing scams and fraud at the Indiana State Fair.
Getting to work at Dean Baldwin Painting in Peru, Indiana. #DonnellyDay
Stopped by WROI in Rochester to say hi to my friends Tom and Baron and talk about the latest issues in the U.S. Senate. -Joe
Working at Thor Industries in Elkhart this morning for one of my #DonnellyDay events alongside Hoosier workers. We are installing an awning on a motorcoach. -Joe
Share this #GoodNews: Naval Surface Warfare Center-Crane and Ivy Tech Community College-Bloomington are teaming up to promote Crane technologies to small businesses in Bloomington and the surrounding communities.
Joe supported and helped pass bipartisan legislation last night that seeks to reduce wait times at VA health care facilities, improve access to health care for veterans, and increase accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Joe said, “This commonsense, bipartisan legislation should help ensure Hoosier veterans can receive timely access to the quality health care they deserve. Reforming the VA and changing the culture at VA facilities won’t happen overnight; however this bill will begin to address the problems revealed at too many VA health facilities.”
HAPPENING TUESDAY: On August 5th, Senior Day at the State Fair in Indianapolis, Joe will be hosting a Field Hearing of the Senate Aging Committee to address scams and frauds targeting seniors. This Field Hearing is free and open to the public. Hoosiers of all ages are encouraged to attend to learn steps they can take to protect their financial security. Learn more and RSVP at the link below.
“Supporting natural gas-powered vehicles is a part of the all-in approach to American energy that we need. While the standards in this bill are currently in place in Indiana, we need to expand them across the country so more companies are encouraged to make the investment in natural gas-powered vehicles.” –Joe on the bipartisan legislation he introduced today with Senator Inhofe (R-OK) that would create a more level playing field for American companies transporting freight in natural gas-powered vehicles across the country.
#ICYMI: Eight-year-old Jacen Troxell raises over $13,000 for bulletproof vests for Indianapolis police officers. We can all make a difference in making Indianapolis and all of Indiana a safer place.  
“Revelations over the past several months have made it clear that there is a systemic, bureaucratic mess in the VA’s health care system. This mess will not be easy to clean up, but the audit gives us valuable information about the places and problems that need our most immediate attention.” –Joe after receiving information from the Veterans Administration at a briefing regarding each of the five Veterans Integrated Service Networks that oversee health care facilities in Indiana.
Today, Joe announced he’ll be launching “Donnelly Days,” an ongoing series of events where he will shadow Hoosiers in a variety of jobs and professions in communities across Indiana. First up: Elkhart and Peru on Monday, August 4. Joe said, “There’s no better way to understand the most pressing issues and challenges facing Hoosiers than to shadow them at their jobs, work alongside them, and walk a mile in their shoes. ‘Donnelly Days’ will provide me with a unique opportunity to roll up my sleeves and get a new perspective on the challenges Hoosiers experience every day and how we can help address them.”
Share this #GoodNews. Beth Tharp of Coatesville was honored by the White House and the U.S. Department of Agriculture as a “Champion of Change” for her leadership in the Indiana ag community. Beth owns and operates Legan Livestock and Grain with her husband and parents in Fillmore.
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Great to meet former NBA All-Star and Indiana Pacer Detlef Schrempf this morning to discuss his work with Seafood Nutrition Partnership.
“I recently met with Bob McDonald, a fellow Hoosier, and today I voted to confirm him as the new VA Secretary…There is no question the VA is in need of fresh leadership, smarter policies, and the very best resources we can provide. I support Secretary McDonald’s plans for reform and culture change within the VA, and I will continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give him the tools he needs to succeed.” –Joe after voting to confirm Bob McDonald, a Gary native, as the new Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. 
On Senior Day at the State Fair (Tuesday, August 5) Senator Donnelly will be hosting a Field Hearing of the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging at the Farm Bureau building on the fairgrounds entitled “Trust Your Instincts? Tools to Empower Seniors to Identify Scams and Fraud.” The goal of the hearing is to expand the conversation, encourage collaboration, and consider ideas on how to effectively address this issue. Hoosiers of all ages are encouraged to attend to learn more about how to recognize potential scams and frauds. The hearing is free and open to the public.    Please click here for more details: http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-announces-indianapolis-field-hearing-to-address-scams-and-frauds-targeting-seniors
Listen to Joe discuss Congress and the Baseball Hall of Fame on ESPN podcast Capital Games with ABC's Rick Klein and ESPN's Andy Katz.
“This new report from the DoD is yet another harrowing reminder that we must address the scourge of military suicide immediately.” –Joe in response to the latest Department of Defense report on military suicides in 2013. 
Happy to shoot weather safety PSA’s with Jim Cantore this afternoon to remind Hoosier families to stay safe during inclement weather.
Met with Congressman André Carson and Assistant Attorney General Karol Mason from the U.S. Department of Justice this afternoon to discuss how we can help communities across Indiana, including Indy, curb violent crime.
“I look forward to the day when jobs are competing for the same workers instead of workers competing for the same job. With this bipartisan, commonsense bill, we are now one step closer to reaching that day.” –Joe on the signing into law today of the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, which included elements of his own skills gap legislation.
Honored to meet a survivor of Pearl Harbor at Culver Lake Fest 2014 this weekend.
WATCH: Three Evansville area interns in Joe’s Washington, D.C. office are featured in this Eyewitness News Local WEHT WTVW story on what it’s like to intern in D.C. Learn more about Senator Donnelly’s internship program at http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/student-resources/internships.
It was great to meet so many promising young Hoosier leaders at the Culver Academies summer session parade this weekend.
Great Indiana Black Expo Corporate Luncheon going on in Indianapolis today. #SummerCelebration #Good4IN
NA
Thank you Col. Schwartz for coming by the office to give us an update on Grissom Air Reserve Base and the 434th Air Refueling Wing.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Thank you to Indianapolis Fraternal Order of Police President Bill Owensby and 1st VP Rick Snyder for coming by the office today to discuss ways we can reduce the violence in Indianapolis and across the state. We appreciate everything the FOP does to support law enforcement agencies all across Indiana.
“When you have challenges, we want you to know you have somebody to talk to, somebody you feel comfortable with, that it won’t affect your career, that you can get a way maybe out of the darkness that you feel and still have an extraordinary career in the Guard, or in the Reserve, or in the Active Duty.” –Joe during his keynote address at the Reserve Officers Association’s “Meeting the Mental Health Needs of Military and Veterans: Challenges & Solutions” seminar today.
Thank you to Hoosiers Work for Health for their ongoing work to support new jobs and technology in the Hoosier health community.
Thanks to Dan Dumbacher, Deputy Associate Administrator of NASA’s Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate, and incoming Professor at the Purdue University School of Aeronautics and Astronautics, for testifying today before a Senate committee hearing on assured U.S. access to space.
It was a pleasure to meet with Indiana Farm Bureau President Don Villwock this afternoon to discuss ongoing efforts to implement the Farm Bill in a way that best serves Hoosier farm communities.
After introducing the bipartisan Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act of 2014, a half dozen Indiana organizations have voiced their support for the bill, including: the Indiana Association of Chiefs of Police, the Carmel Police Department, Drug Free Marion County, the Marion County Commission on Youth, the Hoosier Veteran Assistance Foundation of Indiana, and Justin Phillips, a mother who lost her son to an overdose of heroin and created a nonprofit Overdose-Lifeline, Inc. The legislation aims to stop the abuse of prescription pain medication while also giving law enforcement the tools they need to prevent heroin use and addiction.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, which includes part of Senator Donnelly’s bipartisan AMERICA Works Act, is on its way to the President’s desk. The bill takes crucial steps to update and improve our country’s workforce development system by boosting employer participation and better aligning workforce development programs with the jobs that are available and in-demand now. After passing the Senate on June 25, the bill passed the House yesterday by a vote of 415-6 and now heads to the President for his signature.
Don’t forget to apply for an internship with our D.C. office before the deadline this Saturday, July 12. Learn more about the program and apply at the link below.
“The story of the Civil Rights Act can be told through the leadership and vision of a long list of extraordinary Hoosiers…This 50th anniversary is a powerful reminder that if we truly want to improve our country, we have to work together” –Joe today on the floor of the U.S. Senate honoring several Hoosiers who played an instrumental role in the fight for greater civil rights around the time of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. His speech commemorated the 50th anniversary of this landmark legislation being signed into law on July 2, 1964. 
“It doesn’t get much more common sense than creating more American jobs in a fiscally responsible way, which is exactly what the Export-Import Bank does. With the clock ticking, Congress needs a dose of Hoosier common sense, and should move swiftly to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank.” –Joe’s op-ed in The Hill advocating for reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank in order to continue assisting Indiana and American businesses export goods and services around the world.
“As your U.S. senator, I want you to know I am willing to partner with others in any collaborative effort to make our communities safer...There are ways we can all work together to reduce crime. I’m working on providing resources to assist law enforcement in acquiring the tools and personnel needed to keep our communities safe, funding grants for community coalitions to put together long-term strategies to address violent crime, and supporting programs to fight the drug use and abuse epidemics.” –Joe’s Indianapolis Star op-ed this morning on the importance of working together to keep our neighborhoods safe.
Did you know Joe’s office can help Indiana small businesses having difficulty working with federal agencies? Check out the latest installment of “Just Ask Joe” to learn how Joe helped a veteran-owned small business in Cromwell.
My prayers are with the families of the officers, the IMPD and Gary PD after this weekend's tragic shootings in Indianapolis and Gary. Please pray for our beloved police officers. -Joe
This Fourth of July, I hope all Hoosiers and Americans will join me in taking time to remember the bravery of those who declared our independence on that summer day in 1776, as well as the courage and sacrifice of the men and women who have fought to protect our freedoms since then. Please have a safe and happy Fourth of July. –Joe
Know someone interested in an internship in public service? The deadline to apply for Senator Donnelly’s fall internship program in Washington, D.C. is July 12th. The deadline to apply for his Indianapolis internship program is July 25th. Learn more and apply at the link below.
Thanks again to Holly Petraeus from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for joining us earlier this week in Indianapolis to discuss financial protection for servicemembers, veterans, and their families.
“The flag is a reminder of what generations of Americans have fought for and the sacrifices they have made to protect our country. The flag is timeless and endures through times of peace and war.” –Joe on what the American flag means to him before #IndependenceDay2014 
Share this #GoodNews: Two Indianapolis Colts players gave a home makeover to a Hoosier Army veteran to honor his service and thank him for his work with Wish For Our Heroes Inc., an organization dedicated to helping active duty servicemen and women.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indianapolis International Airport has been named the Best Airport in North America for the second year in a row.
Check out this video from the U.S. Men’s National Team telling the story of Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley. Good luck to Beasley and the rest of #USMNT in today’s match against Belgium in the #WorldCup. #USA #OneNationOneTeam
Discussing how we can help servicemembers, veterans and their families with financial protection challenges with Holly Petraeus, Attorney General Greg Zoeller and community organizations and veterans at IUPUI.
Meeting with Holly Petraeus of the Office of Servicemember Affairs at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller and Indiana Guardsman leaders in Indianapolis to discuss financial protections and efforts to protect Hoosier veterans and servicemembers from predatory practices.
Joe helped Jeffboat with a barge launch in Jeffersonville along the Ohio River
Senator Donnelly enjoys meeting with student groups from around the state while they are visiting Washington, D.C. This album highlights some of those groups.
It was a pleasure to meet with Indiana FFA students from across the state today. Thanks for visiting!
Congratulations to the US Men’s National Soccer Team on advancing to the knockout round, and to Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley and former Notre Dame standout Matt Besler as #USMNT continues to make us proud in the #WorldCup. #OneNationOneTeam
Good luck to Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley, Notre Dame alum Matt Besler and the entire US Men’s National Soccer Team against Germany in their third match of the #WorldCup today. #USAvGER #LetsDoThis #OneNationOneTeam
Batter up. #CBG2014
Great last practice early this morning before playing in tonight’s Congressional Baseball game at Nationals Stadium. Looking forward to representing Indiana and wearing jerseys of IPFW Athletics & Ball State Sports.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends: The US Postal Service is hiring 600 people throughout Indiana. Go to http://www.usps.com/employment and search for Indiana to apply.
There’s a Tornado Warning for Marion County until 3:15pm. Please seek shelter and stay safe. -Joe
“It’s critical that we not only continue to talk about the mental health challenges facing servicemembers and veterans, but take action to respond to those who are suffering from the invisible wounds of war.” –Joe after helping to pass a bipartisan resolution designating June 2014 as National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month. The designation will help increase awareness of post-traumatic stress disorder while also seeking to reduce the stigma associated with it.
#ICYMI: Joe’s office will be hosting a Veterans History Project event in Valparaiso this Wednesday, June 25. Staff and volunteers from the community will come together to record stories of service from local veterans. Visit the link before to learn how you can participate, and share this post to spread the word. 
Great to visit Hudson Farms for the Montgomery County Farm Bureau Young Farmer Dinner on Saturday.
Good luck tonight to the US Men’s National Soccer Team, Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley and former Notre Dame standout Matt Besler, as they take on Portugal in their second match of the  #WorldCup. Earlier this year I signed “The Ball” as part of the Spirit of Football’s journey to 25 countries en route to Brazil for the World Cup. Go Team USA! -Joe #USMNT #OneNationOneTeam #1N1T
Congratulations to all the Hoosier athletes who participated in the 2014 Special Olympics. #2014USAGAMES
“There is an epidemic in Hoosier communities both large and small, rural and urban: heroin use, addiction, and related deaths are on the rise. Prescription drug abuse also remains a serious problem throughout Indiana, and many heroin users report having first abused prescription drugs before turning to heroin. I am proud to join my friend Senator Ayotte in putting forth a bill that would support…necessary coordination amongst medical professionals, law enforcement, and those working on drug control policy.” –Joe after introducing the Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act today in the Senate.
Know a veteran willing to share their story of service? Join Joe’s office in Valparaiso on Wednesday, June 25 as staff and volunteers from the community come together to record stories as part of the Library of Congress’ Veterans History Project. Visit the link before to learn how you can participate, and share this post to spread the word.
Beautiful day to visit with National History Day students from Indiana at the Capitol this afternoon.
Congratulations to the US Men’s National Soccer Team for their win over Ghana in the #WorldCup. #GoUSA #OneNationOneTeam #1N1T
Notre Dame alum Matt Besler is starting alongside Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley for the United States Men’s National Soccer Team in the #WorldCup tonight. Congrats to Beasley who is set to make history as the first American to play in four World Cups. #OneNationOneTeam  #1N1T #USAvGHA
Good luck tonight to Fort Wayne native DaMarcus Beasley as he joins the rest of the United States Men’s National Soccer Team in representing the US in the #WorldCup. He is on the verge of becoming the first American to play in four World Cups.
Senators Donnelly and Coats received a response late yesterday from U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson regarding their recent letters expressing concern about Indiana VA health care facilities. Donnelly said, “The gross misconduct recently identified in the OIG's interim report and the VA's own internal audit is unacceptable. Over the last two weeks, I have met with representatives from Indiana VA health care facilities to identify and better understand the challenges facing the delivery of timely and quality care to Hoosier veterans. While the VA continues to gather more information on facility-specific problems, I remain committed to working with the VA to ensure that all Hoosier veterans receive the quality care they deserve.”
Congratulations to IU’s Courtney Rookard and Amanda Lanzillo who have been selected from more than 900 applicants for the 2014 Library of Congress Junior Fellows Program in D.C.
Did you know Joe’s office can help Hoosier schools and public libraries build their book collections through the Library of Congress’ Surplus Books Program? Watch the latest installment of “Just Ask Joe” to learn more about this great opportunity, and visit http://1.usa.gov/SQEUEL to start requesting books today.
Always good to see Rushville High School students from Mr. McDaniel’s Government class out in D.C.
 “Our veterans deserve timely access to the very best care we can provide. This bill strengthens our ability to hold VA officials accountable for their job performance. It also takes steps necessary to help cut wait times and ensure veterans get quick access to quality care whether from the VA or other providers in our communities.  While passage of this bill marks critical progress, there is a lot left to do to ensure veterans get the care they deserve. I won’t stop working until we are fully delivering on the promises made to Hoosier heroes in return for their service.” -Senator Donnelly after helping pass bipartisan VA legislation
#ICYMI: Riley Children’s Hospital at IU Health ranked in the top 100 pediatric hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. Keep up the great work!
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Carmeuse Lime has announced plans to invest up to $10 million in a new green technology facility in Gary. The plant is expected to create an estimated 100 jobs over the next three years while reducing carbon emissions anywhere from 20 to 80 percent. 
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
“With the first year of his freshman term behind him, Donnelly is now positioning himself as the nation's most moderate legislator.” -Indianapolis Monthly piece featuring Joe as “The Man in the Middle".
Joe was happy to give a tour of the Capitol to students from Delphi Middle School this afternoon. Thanks for visiting!
Senator Donnelly commemorated the 70th anniversary of D-Day in Normandy, France as part of a bipartisan congressional delegation.
“On this 70th anniversary of D-Day, we pay tribute to all the men who courageously stormed the beaches of Normandy, turning the tide in World War II.  We must always remember the extraordinary sacrifices they made, including the contributions of our Hoosier heroes. We continue to honor those who are still with us today, and those we have lost. It is a great privilege to bring the prayers and good wishes of the people of Indiana to Normandy as we commemorate D-Day on behalf of World War II veterans everywhere.” –Senator Donnelly’s statement while on a bipartisan congressional delegation to Normandy.
“We strongly support the ongoing efforts by the Department to investigate and respond to problems at VA facilities nationwide, as well as decisions to hold key leaders and individuals directly involved accountable for any negligence or wrongdoing.  However, we are troubled by new feedback and the latest news reports that have highlighted concerns about long wait times at VA facilities in Indiana. We have a responsibility to our Hoosier veterans and all Americans to be transparent about what has gone wrong.” –Senators Donnelly and Coats in a letter to VA Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson requesting a face-to-face meeting with VA leadership concerning wait times for Hoosier veterans seeking care.
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Tom Buis from Growth Energy stopped by the office this morning to present Joe with an American Ethanol flag signed by NASCAR driver Ryan Newman.
Joe toured Eli Lilly and Company's new insulin manufacturing facility with Congressman André Carson this morning where he heard from executives at Lilly Diabetes.
“Secretary Shinseki served our country honorably, and I thank him for his service. It is time for a fresh pair of eyes on this calamity. American veterans deserve better than the bureaucratic nightmare they have faced in Phoenix and, from what we are learning, in other facilities.   "His resignation alone will not solve this problem, because this isn’t just about one man—it is about a culture change. We need to hold accountable those who were carrying out or encouraging these practices day to day, and we must ensure that the VA health system provides the responsiveness and quality care our veterans deserve. It’s clear that the current scheduling system is woefully inadequate and allows for those who want to game the system to disregard the standards we expect for those who have so honorably served our country. We must not stop until the system is fixed.” -Joe 
“I’m going to fight for our servicemembers, National Guard, Reserve, Active duty, and I’m also going to take this fight for our veterans. For years and years to come, we’re going to have problems with these wars. And as any military family knows, all it takes is a stroke of a pen and your family member could be thousands of miles away from you. So we need a stroke of a pen to make sure everything gets taken care of.” –Jeff Sexton speaking on Senator Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, named after his son.
Joined by supporters of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, Senator Donnelly speaks on the steps of the War Memorial in Indy.
Starting the community discussion on violent crime at Forest Manor.
Discussing the challenges of violent crime with Indianapolis community members in the Haughville neighborhood at Christamore House.
Meeting in Fishers this afternoon with Hamilton and Boone County law enforcement, elected officials, medical professionals and community leaders to discuss the challenges of heroin use and prescription drug abuse.
“Memorial Day is a time for remembrance and reflection. It is a day of appreciation for the sacrifices made by so many brave men and women over our great nation’s history. I want to thank every servicemember, veteran, and their families today for what they’ve done to secure the freedom and liberty we are all privileged to have. May God bless our military and their families, and may God bless America.” -Joe
Congrats to Indy 500 winner Ryan Hunter-Reay.
Watch Senator Donnelly on Morning Joe talk about the importance of supporting our veterans.    “They stood up for us to protect our nation, and now we have to stand up for them.”-Joe  
This afternoon, the Senate Armed Services Committee voted to include Senator Joe Donnelly’s Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014 as part of the national defense bill, which has been signed into law for 52 straight years. The bill will now advance to consideration before the full Senate later this year.  Donnelly said, “This is an important first step…addressing military suicide cannot wait. There is no one solution to prevent military suicide, but there are commonsense steps we can take to help our servicemembers before it’s too late. I will continue to work nonstop with my friend Senator Roger Wicker and colleagues on both sides of the aisle to see this through to the finish line so that the Sexton Act can be signed into law by the end of this year.”
Joe was happy to visit Jackson Sugar as he completed his Eagle Project at the American Legion in Zionsville.
Interested in a public service experience in D.C. beyond a traditional internship? Apply for Senator Donnelly’s Wayne Townsend and Frank J. Anderson Legislative Programs before the deadline this Friday. Learn more and apply at the link below.
Joe was pleased to meet with students from Indy’s St. Simon the Apostle Catholic School on their visit to the Capitol this afternoon.
WATCH: Joe discusses the Senate’s bipartisan support of the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014: “Suicide prevention is not a Republican or Democrat issue. Everybody is all in on ‘How can we help?’ ”.
Ahead of Memorial Day, Senator Joe Donnelly spoke on the floor of the U.S. Senate in honor and remembrance of the Hoosier servicemen we lost in the last year. Watch his full remarks here.
WATCH: Joe talks about how pervasive suicide is in the military. “It’s an ongoing problem and the sooner we bring this to zero, the better.” #PreventSuicide
This week, in honor of National Peace Officers Memorial Day (May 15) and National Police Week, Senator Donnelly cosponsored a resolution commemorating and honoring the dedication and sacrifice of law enforcement officers who have been killed or injured in the line of duty. He’s pictured here with the Pipes and Drums of the Lake County Indiana Sheriff's Department before a parade as part of the week’s memorial services in D.C.
Joe was proud to present Brenda Knowles of South Bend the medals her father, Ernest Knowles, earned while serving in the Army during WWII.
WATCH: Joe tells the story of Jacob Sexton, an Indiana National Guardsman from Farmland, who after taking his own life while on leave from Afghanistan in 2009, inspired Joe to work to end the growing tragedy of suicide among U.S. servicemembers.
Joe made good on his bet over the 2014 NCAA Women’s Championship Game today. He and Senator Coats gave Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy of Connecticut a basket of South Bend Chocolate Co. chocolates.
Yesterday, leaders of 10 national military and mental health organizations endorsed Senator Donnelly’s bipartisan Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. Hear what these groups have to say on the importance of Senator Donnelly’s legislation here.
Congratulations to the Marian University Indianapolis cycling team for winning the Cycling Collegiate National Road Championships. We’re all proud of these amazing athletes. Read more about their exciting win here.
WATCH: Joe talks about his efforts to #PreventSuicide with the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014 in this first of a series of Q&As explaining his new bill. In 2012, "We lost more young men and women to suicide than we did in combat". -Joe
Joe met a great group of students from Bloomfield’s Eastern Greene Middle School on their visit to the Capitol this morning.
WATCH: WISH-TV features Joe’s efforts to #PreventSuicide in our military, highlighting the new bill he introduced just last week—the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014.
It’s National Small Business Week. Small businesses create thousands of jobs for Hoosiers each year and build our economy from the bottom up. Learn how you can help Joe spread the word on the importance of small businesses during #SBW2014 here.
Did you know that May is Mental Health Awareness Month? Help us spread the word on the importance of supporting the mental health of our soldiers by sharing Joe’s new web page dedicated to military suicide prevention.
Happy Mother’s Day to all of our Hoosier moms. -Joe
Congratulations to the Lewis Township Volunteer Fire Company in Coalmont and the West Lebanon Volunteer Firemen for receiving Assistance to Firefighters grants from FEMA. For information on how Senator Donnelly can assist your local fire department apply for federal grants, visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/grants. 
Please join me in thanking the husbands and wives of our soldiers on Military Spouse Appreciation Day. Thank you for all that you do. –Joe
Joe was happy to meet with Karen Moyer this afternoon to discuss all the great work of The Moyer Foundation on behalf of kids everywhere. To learn more about The Moyer Foundation click the link below.
Watch Joe’s important announcement to get an update on his efforts to prevent military suicide with the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014. As Joe said, “There is not one solution, there’s no cure-all to prevent suicide.  But this problem is not too big to solve. We can start by improving our methods of identifying risk factors before it is too late.”
Are you or someone you know considering applying to one of the five U.S. Military Service Academies? Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting information sessions this week regarding the academy application process and the additional requirements that are needed to be considered for a nomination from Senator Donnelly. Click the link for details.
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Senator Donnelly attended the groundbreaking for the new BAE Systems plant in Fort Wayne today.
Know a veteran interested in sharing their experiences serving our country? Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting a Veterans History Project event on Wednesday, May 7 at the Dearborn Adult Center in Lawrenceburg. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. Donnelly’s staff and other Hoosier volunteers will be present to interview veterans. Learn more about how you can participate and RSVP below.
Senator Donnelly welcomed the introduction of the Skills Gap Strategy Act of 2014 in the House of Representatives today. The legislation is identical to the bipartisan bill Donnelly introduced with Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) in the Senate in October 2013 that would help employers identify, train, and hire workers with the skills to fill existing job openings in Indiana and across the country. “For every American who wants a job to have a job and for our economy to continue growing, we must train workers for the jobs that are available today,” Donnelly said.
Senator Donnelly today announced his support for new bipartisan legislation that would enable Congress to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, ending the long delay. Donnelly said, “This legislation is simple: If Congress passes legislation to green-light the Keystone XL pipeline, this project will move ahead. I have long been a strong supporter of constructing the Keystone XL pipeline and will continue to push for its approval because of its potential to create jobs and improve our energy and national security.”
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
Joe enjoyed speaking with St. Richard's Episcopal School students this afternoon in the Capitol. Thanks for visiting the office!
The U.S. Small Business Administration announced today that certain Private Non-Profit Organizations in Indiana may be eligible to apply for disaster loans to alleviate damage from the January winter storms. Learn more and how to apply here.
Senator Donnelly had the honor of receiving the Charles Dick Medal of Merit during the National Guard Association of Indiana’s annual conference Saturday in French Lick.
Senator Joe Donnelly responded to the Department of Defense (DoD) release of a report today on suicides in the military in 2012.  DoD is using an updated method of tracking suicides and, with this new method, determined that 319 active component servicemembers, 73 selected reserve servicemembers, and 130 National Guard members committed suicide in 2012.  That is a total of 522 servicemembers who took their own lives in 2012.   Donnelly said, “Any servicemember lost to suicide is one too many.  These statistics are staggering and warrant a strong response.  While there is no one way to prevent suicide, we need to start focusing on consistent mental health screening across the branches because many servicemembers are not being reached outside of the deployment cycle.  The Guard and Reserve and those who are serving here at home must have access to mental health screening and resources.”   Read more here. 
This Saturday is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. Do your part to help end prescription drug abuse, a problem that claims a life every 25 minutes, by safely disposing your unused prescription drugs. To learn more and find a collection site near you, visit http://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/.
Share this #GoodNews: The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs today launched a new online job search resource for transitioning service members, veterans, and their families. Check it out and share it with a service member or veteran in your life.
Senator Donnelly toured Northwest Indiana and Chicago waterways yesterday to see first-hand the measures being put in place to prevent the spread of invasive species.
#GoodNews for Markle—Utility trailer manufacturer Novae Corporation plans a $5.9 million expansion into their 4th Indiana facility creating an estimated 75 new jobs by 2016.
On Earth Day, Senator Joe Donnelly welcomed USDA’s Rural Development grant and loan award to the City of Rensselaer, which will help keep families’ utility bills affordable and support an important long-term project to eliminate combined sewer overflow.
Happy Easter! -Joe
As No. 1 seed Indiana opens the NBA playoffs against Atlanta, let's go Pacers and bring home the NBA title! -Joe
Joe was in Columbia City today to thank Ultra Electronics - UnderSea Sensor Systems, Inc. for aiding the effort to locate Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
Attention students and recent graduates—Are you or someone you know interested in gaining experience in public service beyond a traditional internship? Senator Donnelly today announced two new exciting programs: the Wayne Townsend and Frank J. Anderson Legislative Programs. Learn more here.
Share some #GoodNews for Plymouth: Aggressive Manufacturing Innovations, Inc. plans to open its second manufacturing facility in Plymouth and create an estimated 200 jobs by 2016.
Joe stopped by the Purdue Extension in Owen County today to say hello and discuss his continuing efforts to implement the recently passed five-year farm bill.
Senator Donnelly was honored to speak at the Air Force/Navy Conference at WestGate Academy today where he talked about the importance of the Air Force and Navy's work to sustain strategic systems and to highlight the role of the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane Division.
#ICYMI, Cummins is featured in Forbes today for its commitment to community service. Cummins has a long history of supporting economic, infrastructure, and educational development in several communities across central and southern Indiana. The story will appear in the May 5 print issue of Forbes.
On Thursday, Senator Donnelly will visit Columbia City sonobuoy manufacturer USSI to commend the company’s efforts in aiding the ongoing search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Recent acoustic signals picked up by sonobuoys and other devices led search teams to narrow down the approximate location of the plane’s wreckage site. USSI provided 3,000 sonobouys for use in the search.
Indiana is a leader in conservation practices, and we hope to see that continue in the years ahead.
#GoodNews for veterans: For the first time in U.S. history, all veterans are eligible for dental coverage from the VA. If you have questions or need help signing up, please give Joe’s office a call at (317) 226-5555. 
Joe sporting a purple tie for “Purple Up for Military Kids” Day. Thanks Indiana Operation: Military Kids and Military Family Research Institute at Purdue University for all you’re doing to support military kids and their families.
Senator Donnelly was on campus at Purdue today to discuss ways he and the Military Family Research Institute at Purdue are working together to ease the transition of military servicemembers into civilian life.
Joe enjoyed a great lunch at Judge’s BBQ in Indianapolis today. He’s pictured here with owner Judge Smith.
Senators Donnelly and Coats today announced the process for candidates interested in the upcoming vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. Judge Sarah Evans Barker recently announced her intention to take senior status effective June 30, 2014. To apply, interested candidates should visit www.donnelly.senate.gov/judge and be prepared to submit an application highlighting their qualifications for the position and reason for seeking nomination to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. Applications are due no later than 5 PM EDT on Monday, May 12, 2014. 
Great evening at the inaugural Indy Eleven game.
Joe had the pleasure of speaking at the Muncie-Delaware County Chamber of Commerce, touring Mursix Corp. & Allied Enterprises, and visiting Ball State University as he traveled around Delaware County today.
#GoodNews out of Columbia City as PDQ Tooling is set to invest $7.2 million and add an estimated 45 new jobs over the next five years. PDQ Tooling designs and makes custom indexable cutting tools for the production machining industry.
Is your family planning on visiting D.C. this spring or summer? Contact Joe’s office for help requesting a tour of the U.S. Capitol and many other D.C. landmarks!
Senator Donnelly questioned Air Force Chief of Staff General Mark Welsh and Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James about military mental health services and suicide prevention efforts. The Air Force officials acknowledged a “spike” in Air Force suicides and a need to strengthen mental health efforts. Watch the video here.
Share some #GoodNews for Johnson County: Beauty retailer ULTA announced plans today to build a new distribution center in Greenwood, bringing approximately 500 jobs to the area by 2018.
Joe was honored to meet a Hoosier airman during this morning’s Armed Services Committee hearing.
Senator Donnelly was pleased to meet members of the National Youth Leadership Council from East Central High School in St. Leon today to learn about their service-learning work in their community.
Joe met with Hoosiers from the Greater Indiana Chapter of the Alzheimer’s Association this morning to discuss his shared commitment to Alzheimer’s research.
Indiana Senators Joe Donnelly and Dan Coats made a friendly wager with Connecticut Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy on tonight’s NCAA Women’s Championship Game between the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and UConn Huskies. The participation of two undefeated teams in the women’s national championship is a first in NCAA history. Donnelly, a Notre Dame alum, said: “The Irish are #notdoneyet, and we are very proud of our team and Coach McGraw. The Huskies are tough, but the Irish are ready. I’m looking forward to enjoying brownies and ice cream after tonight’s win. Go Irish!”
Senator Donnelly voted to extend federal long-term emergency unemployment benefits, and the Senate passed the legislation 59 to 38. “There are still too many Hoosiers out of work, and we need to make sure families have food on the table while mom or dad looks for a job,” Donnelly said. “This bill passed with support from Republicans and Democrats in the Senate, and I am hopeful my colleagues in the House will also act in a bipartisan manner and extend these emergency unemployment benefits.”
Senator Donnelly’s office is all in for the Irish and can’t wait for tomorrow night.
I am so proud of Coach Muffet McGraw and the Lady Irish. Can't wait for Tuesday. -Joe
Check out the newest installment of “Just Ask Joe” about Sen. Joe Donnelly recovering military service records and medals. 
Joe was pleased to meet some Indy and Gary participants of YouthBuild and to hear their stories of success through the program.
Joe was pleased to meet and congratulate Frank Meyer, Indiana’s 2013 Assistant Secondary Principal of the Year. Frank is the Assistant Principal at Avon High School, where he previously taught English.
Share this #GoodNews: Beck’s Hybrids, a Hamilton County based plant seed company, has announced a $60 million expansion program that will add research labs, greenhouses, seed-processing facilities and offices at Beck’s headquarters complex in Atlanta, Indiana. The expansion will add an estimated 100 local jobs by 2017.
Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) today in applauding the bipartisan House passage of the Save American Workers Act of 2014, legislation similar to their bill, the Forty Hours is Full Time Act of 2013, which would improve the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.   Donnelly said, “This is a common sense improvement to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that would help Hoosier workers and employers.  Most Hoosiers would agree that 40 hours is full time, which is why we need to make this change to the definition of ‘full-time employee’ in the law." 
Joe had the opportunity to visit Walter Reed National Military Medical Center this afternoon where he met with Blue Star Mothers from St. Joseph County. The bags shown here are homemade care packages assembled by Hoosiers.
Joe had the chance to meet with representatives of Indiana Pork Farmers this morning to discuss the importance of their work to Indiana’s economy.
All of us in Indiana are praying for those who were injured and those who lost their lives in the shooting at Fort Hood. They will remain in our thoughts and prayers. -Joe
Joe was pleased to meet some DePauw University students visiting D.C. recently. Thanks for visiting our office!
#GoodNews for Goshen: Forest River Inc. is acquiring Startrans Bus division from Supreme Industries Inc, creating an estimated 80 local jobs. Bus production is expected to begin at the new Goshen facility on April 14.
Today is World Autism Awareness Day. Please take a moment to raise awareness of the estimated three million people affected by autism—the fastest growing serious developmental disease in the U.S.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Attention veterans: The Indiana Pacers, in partnership with the Golden Star USA Foundation, are hosting their 1st annual Veterans Career Fair on Wednesday, April 2, 2014. The Career Fair will take place from 1:00pm-4:00pm at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis and will give veterans the opportunity to meet and talk with potential employers.
The Lady Irish are on a roll. Proud of my alma mater Notre Dame women's basketball team, whose undefeated season continues after winning last night and advancing to the Final Four for the fourth straight year. Let's go Irish! -Joe
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. 31 winners have been selected for the Hoosier Homestead Award which honors farms that have remained in the same family for more than a century. Congratulations to our family farmers, and thanks for the great work that you do for our state.
After returning from a bipartisan delegation to Ukraine this week where he met with government leaders, Senator Donnelly voted to provide aid to Ukraine and impose sanctions against Russia for their illegal invasion and annexation of Crimea.
Senator Donnelly congratulated GE Aviation and the City of Lafayette for partnering together to bring a new jet engine manufacturing plant, along with new jobs, to Indiana. Watch his message here.
On Monday, Senator Donnelly returned from a bipartisan congressional delegation to Ukraine, Afghanistan, and Israel. While there he had the chance to meet with Hoosier servicemembers, government leaders, and other military personnel. Learn more about Senator Donnelly’s delegation here http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/senator-donnelly-visits-ukraine-afghanistan-and-israel.
Joe had the chance this morning to meet with Indiana American Legion members to discuss critical veterans issues.
Join Joe today in celebrating all of the contributions of Hoosier farmers and producers on National Agriculture Day! Find out more at http://www.agday.org/.
I'm in Ukraine on a bipartisan delegation to stand together with their citizens for their freedom. Looking forward to coming home tomorrow. -Joe
#GoodNews: Vietnam veteran James Stemmler of Michigan City was awarded the national Joseph A. Beirne Community Services Award for his work with the United Way and the labor community in La Porte County.
Share this #GoodNews: A new homeless veterans shelter, The Journey Home, opened in Winchester yesterday. The first veterans will begin moving in next week. Find out more about the facility here http://www.thejourneyhomeindiana.org/.
#ICYMI, Senator Donnelly announced on Monday that his office will host a Veterans History Project event on Wednesday, March 26 at the Twilight Towers in Tell City. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. Learn more about how you or someone you know can participate here.
Share this #GoodNews: Kokomo was named the most affordable small city in the country by CNN Money. The study highlights the area’s affordable home prices and median income.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
It’s Severe Weather Awareness Week in Indiana. Please take a moment to review your family’s emergency plans and visit http://www.in.gov/dhs/getprepared.htm for more information on being prepared for the worst.
Share this #GoodNews: Indianapolis was ranked No. 3 on Livability’s Top 10 Best Downtowns 2014 list. 
Senator Donnelly announced today that his office will host a Veterans History Project event on Wednesday, March 26 at the Twilight Towers in Tell City. The Veterans History Project is an effort by the Library of Congress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the military by recording their personal narratives. Learn more about how you or someone you know can participate here.
Senator Donnelly today presented the Bronze Star Medal to Vietnam veteran Michael Hodgson during a special ceremony with his family in Indianapolis. Hodgson, a Carmel resident, contacted Senator Donnelly’s office for assistance in getting his missing medal.
This week, Joe had the chance to meet Indiana’s two student delegates to the 52nd annual U.S. Senate Youth Program held this week in Washington. Congratulations to Justin Garrard of Lebanon High School and Eashan Kumar of Munster High School for their participation in this prestigious program.
Joe was pleased to meet with representatives from the Indiana chapter of the Paralyzed Veterans of America this afternoon to discuss care for disabled veterans.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. WorkOne is set to open a new office in Michigan City next week offering assistance with career development as well as computer and interview training.
Congratulations to France A. Córdova, the first female president of Purdue, on her successful nomination to be the new Director of the National Science Foundation this evening.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indianapolis was voted the best convention city in the country by USA TODAY readers.
Joe had the chance yesterday to meet Carmel native Yushi Homma, one of Intel's Science Talent Search finalists.
#ICYMI, Senator Donnelly last night helped pass the bipartisan Victims Protection Act,  which aims to better address the epidemic of sexual assault in the military by expanding reforms to empower survivors of military sexual assault and hold commanders accountable.
Congratulations to Indianapolis resident Josh Kaufman on his successful audition to NBC’s show, “The Voice.” While singing George Michael’s “One More Try,” all four of the show’s coaches turned their chairs for him. You can read more about his performance here.
A reminder to students applying for financial aid—your FAFSA is due by 11:59pm tonight.
Earlier today Joe had the opportunity to meet the 2012 IU Men’s Soccer Championship team before they went to the White House for a special recognition ceremony.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Linking Michiana will hold its 3rd annual job fair in Howe on March 25, which is expected to feature more than 20 companies hiring for approx. 900 openings.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Chrysler will soon begin production at its transmission plant in Tipton, where it’s set to hire approximately 875 employees over the next 2 years.
#ICYMI, a new study from the National Institute of Mental Health shows an increase in suicide rates for both soldiers who served overseas and those who never deployed. Share this news to help Senator Donnelly’s continued efforts to raise awareness and end the scourge of suicide in the military.
Senator Donnelly spoke at a Coal Technology Symposium today, where he talked about the importance of coal providing affordable and reliable energy for Hoosier families and businesses while playing a vital role in an all-in approach to our nation’s energy policy. Watch his full remarks here.
Senator Donnelly had the opportunity to meet with representatives from the SFIA - Sports & Fitness Industry Association this morning, including baseball legend Tommy John from Terre Haute and former NFL running back Herschel Walker, where they discussed issues including diabetes and the importance of keeping our kids active and healthy.
Senator Donnelly welcomed the announcement today that the 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne has been selected to receive 18, F-16 Block 40 Fighting Falcons to replace the A-10C Thunderbolt II aircraft they currently fly and maintain.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Stonegate Mortgage Corporation announced plans to expand its operations in central Indiana and add approximately 400 jobs by 2017.
Celebrate Read Across America day today by learning how Senator Donnelly’s office can help a teacher or librarian you know build their book collection with the Library of Congress’ surplus book program.
Sending all my best to South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg today as he leaves to begin preparations for his deployment to Afghanistan. I pray that he stays safe as he bravely serves our country. –Joe 
After being recognized last night by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention for his leadership on working to prevent military suicide, Senator Donnelly pledged to continue his efforts to strengthen mental health protections for servicemembers and veterans. Donnelly said, “We have a lot of work to do to get our servicemembers and veterans who are struggling with mental health issues the help they need before they resort to taking their own life. I’m thankful for the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention’s dedication to our servicemembers and for their tireless efforts to bring attention to the pressing and difficult issue of military suicide prevention.”
Senator Donnelly this morning spoke with the Greater Lafayette Commerce as part of their annual trip to Washington, D.C. Donnelly gave remarks regarding opportunities for economic growth in our state and discussed how we can work together to continue to close the skills gap between Hoosier workers and businesses in order to fill the jobs available today.
On Tuesday, Senator Donnelly had the opportunity to speak with Ms. Tracie Stafford's 2nd grade class at Evans School in Evansville via Skype. To request a Skype chat with Senator Donnelly for your classroom, please visit http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/contact/scheduling-request. 
Senator Donnelly today highlighted key provisions that would help support Hoosier veterans and their families in a comprehensive veterans bill the Senate is considering this week.    Donnelly said, “It is important we support Hoosier servicemembers not only on the battlefield but when they return home. This comprehensive veterans bill would do just that by providing essential mental health, education, and job training benefits to our heroes.” 
Share this #GoodNews. ConAgra Foods estimates it will create nearly 80 new jobs by 2015 as a result of building a new facility in Frankfort.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Domino’s Pizza is looking to hire approximately 200 new employees at 40 stores across central Indiana.
In a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee today, Senator Donnelly questioned the Honorable Christine Wormuth, a nominee for Under Secretary of Defense, regarding her commitment and plans to help decrease the number of suicides among U.S. servicemembers.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. EmployIndy plans to provide job training for approximately 400 low-income residents from Indianapolis by the end of 2015. 
Today, Senator Donnelly applauded the announcement that the U.S. Department of Defense has awarded $70 million toward the creation of the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute in a public-private partnership to boost American manufacturing. The effort, led by UI Labs in Chicago, includes a public-private partnership with participation from Indiana University, Purdue University and the University of Notre Dame.
Share this #GoodNews. Johnson County was named one of the top eight places in the country where the middle class thrives by CNNMoney and nonprofits Opportunity Nation and Measure of America.
Share this #GoodNews: Three Indiana business have had a presence in the Sochi Winter Olympics. Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. and Panther Racing Inc. from Indianapolis and Skates U.S. of Richmond have each played a role in the games.
Attention prospective college students: Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting three information sessions regarding the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) process next week. Check here for dates and locations, and share this with any students you know.
Also on Tuesday, Joe visited Whitestown for a tour of the Amazon warehouse.
As part of his travels to Marion, Boone, and Hamilton counties on Tuesday, Joe stopped by the Coca-Cola facility in Speedway for a tour of the plant.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. The Children's Museum of Indianapolis was voted the best museum in the country for families by USA Today.
On Monday, Joe visited the Wal-Mart distribution center in Crawfordsville for a tour of the facility. While there he met with local Wal-Mart executives to hear what economic issues were on their minds.
Yesterday, Senator Donnelly sat down with INside INdiana Business's Gerry Dick to discuss his efforts to close the skills gap by helping Hoosiers gain the skills they need to fill the jobs available today. Watch the full interview here.
Know a student or recent graduate interested in learning more about public service? Senator Donnelly’s office is currently accepting applications for summer internships in Washington, DC, Indianapolis, and South Bend. Learn more about Senator Donnelly’s internship program and how to apply here.
As part of his travels to Vermillion, Fountain, and Montgomery counties on Monday, Joe visited the Beef House Restaurant in Covington for lunch. While there he met with several county Farm Bureau leaders to discuss agriculture issues critical to Indiana.
On Sunday, Joe attended services at New Mount Sinai Baptist Church and Marquette Park United Methodist Church in Gary with Mayor Freeman-Wilson.
Joe toured Kokomo’s Jackson Street Commons on Friday, a project designed to provide housing opportunities for homeless veterans in the Howard County area.
#ICYMI, Joe sat down with Amos Brown last Friday to talk jobs, the farm bill, and supporting our veterans. Listen to the full interview here. 
Joe met with economic development executives from the Business Development Corporation of South Bend, Community Development Corporation of Northeast Indiana, Premier Capital Corporation of Indianapolis, Regional Development Company of Valparaiso, and elsewhere this afternoon to talk job creation and business growth.
Share this #GoodNews. The Greater Lafayette Commerce this week announced record breaking capital investments in the area for 2013. The investments totaled $1.02 billion and represented an estimated 1,300 new or soon to be available jobs.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Earlier this week, Purdue Women's Basketball's Courtney Moses, earned a spot on the 2014 Allstate Good Works Team. Courtney played basketball at Oak Hill High School in Grant County, IN before coming to Purdue.
Congratulations to Hoosier Olympian Nick Goepper, a native of Lawrenceburg who got his start skiing at Perfect North Slopes, for winning a bronze medal in Sochi this morning.
Due to inclement weather, Senator Donnelly’s D.C. office is closed today. If you need assistance, please call our Indianapolis office at 317-226-5555.
Joe signed “The Ball” yesterday on the steps of the Capitol as part of the Spirit Of Football's journey to 25 countries while en route to the 2014 World Cup. The not-for-profit, with a Notre Dame grad as one of its leaders, organizes events along the way to promote fair play and partners with other organizations such as the Special Olympics http://spiritoffootball.com/.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. 7 high schools in northern Indiana have partnered up with Ivy Tech to offer students the opportunity to earn college degrees by the time they receive their high school diplomas. The program will allow students to save substantially on tuition costs.
Joe met with the Indiana Skills2Compete Coalition this morning to talk about the importance of closing the skills gap so more Hoosiers have the skills and training they need to get good-paying jobs across our state.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends.  Auto parts supplier Shiloh Die Cast Midwest will expand two of its northern Indiana plants, creating an estimated 145 new jobs by 2018.  Shiloh will invest $7.8 million to renovate and equip a 120,000 square-foot plant in Auburn and a 100,000 square-foot plant in Pierceton.  
Did you know the GM foundation awards #STEM scholarships to students of up to $25,000 per year? 37 Hoosier students were awarded $97,000 worth of scholarships last year. Students can apply now through the end of February at buickachievers.com.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Jerry Ross, an Indiana native and Purdue graduate, has been selected for induction into the U.S. astronaut hall of fame. Ross was the first astronaut to complete seven space shuttle missions. 
#ICYMI: Senator Donnelly this past week noted the many Hoosier priorities included in the final bipartisan, five-year farm bill. The bill passed the Senate with a vote of 68 to 32 and was signed into law on Friday. Read more at http://www.rochsent.com/ftp/images/RS20130207B03.pdf. 
#ICYMI: The National Journal recently ranked Senator Donnelly at the center of the Senate.
Earlier this week, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Innovation announced it will hold multiple Industry Innovation Competitions throughout 2014 centered around improving mental health care for veterans. The goals of these initiatives align well with Joe’s continued efforts to lessen suicide among our servicemembers and veterans.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Bishop Benjamin A. Sanders, pastor of the Church of God in Christ Inc. of Gary where he has served for over 59 years, will receive the Pastor of the Year Award during the Sixth Annual Stellar Gospel Award-Gary Style this Saturday.  
#ICYMI: Disaster Loan Outreach Centers will be open in Howard, Fountain and Daviess counties for those in eligible counties affected by the severe storms on November 17. Click the link to download more information. 
Congratulations to Kokomo native Joel Hunt for being selected to represent Team USA in the Sochi Paralympics. Hunt was injured in 2005 on his third deployment to Iraq. Best of luck to Joel and to all of the other members of Team USA.
CQ/Roll Call and National Journal recently released their vote ratings for 2013, ranking Senator Donnelly as the 52nd most liberal and the 48th most conservative, as well as the 3rd most independent Democrat in the U.S. Senate. “I’m the hired help—I work for the people of Indiana and the United States and no one else,” said Donnelly.
Best of luck to Team USA as the 2014 Winter Olympics kick off today. Share this story of one Olympian who got his start in Indiana.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Automotive supplier Autoneum is opening a new plant in Jeffersonville, bringing an estimated 220 jobs by 2018.
Joe was pleased to meet with representatives of the Catholic Social Ministry Gathering this afternoon. Joe met with individuals from the University of Notre Dame, Poverty USA, St. Vincent de Paul, and Bishop Dwenger High School.
Senator Donnelly today voted in favor of the bipartisan, five-year farm bill that passed the Senate by a vote of 68 to 32. Donnelly, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, advocated for several Hoosier priorities during the farm bill debate.   “The Hoosier ag community now has the certainty it deserves,” said Donnelly.  “There are a number of provisions in this bill important to Indiana, and I look forward to continuing to work with our state’s farmers and rural communities.” 
As Indiana prepares for another round of snow and ice, please take a moment to review the winter weather safety and preparedness tips at http://www.in.gov/dhs/getprepared.htm and check to see if your county has been placed under a travel advisory at http://www.in.gov/dhs/traveladvisory/.
Beurt SerVaas was a tireless leader on behalf of the City of Indianapolis.  His decades of service leading the City-County Council helped build the Indianapolis we all enjoy today. My family’s thoughts and prayers are with the SerVaas family during this time. –Joe
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. A recent survey of 40 Elkhart area businesses shows optimism for economic growth in 2014.
In case you missed it, the White House has instructed the Labor, Commerce and Education departments to begin to better tie training programs to the jobs available today, an effort Senator Donnelly has been pushing for with two of his bills: the America Works Act and the Skills Gap Strategy Act. Senator Donnelly met with the President earlier this month to promote these very efforts.
Check out the latest video in our  “Just Ask Joe” series highlighting the many services available to Hoosiers from Joe's office. The newest installment features three Hoosier students chosen by Senator Donnelly for nomination to a U.S. service academy.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indiana’s unemployment rate has dropped below 7 percent, the lowest it’s been in over five years. The state added 42,600 jobs in 2013.
Senator Joe Donnelly this morning released a video outlining what he would like to hear in President Obama’s State of the Union address tonight. Donnelly highlighted the importance of job creation and economic growth, which he proposes addressing through the four parts of his Opportunity Agenda, as well as the need to address the serious problem of military suicide.  Donnelly said, “Members of both parties can agree there are few things more important than improving our economy, creating more jobs, and taking care of our troops.  I hope that, in this next year, we can work in a bipartisan way to address both job creation and helping to end the scourge of military suicide.”
Due to the inclement weather, Joe’s South Bend, Hammond, and Fort Wayne offices will be closed today. Please contact our Indianapolis office at 317-226-5555 with any questions.
Due to inclement weather, the South Bend Community-Based Outpatient Clinic will close at 5:00 pm today and will reopen at 10:00 am tomorrow. Veterans will be contacted to reschedule any missed appointments. Veterans with any questions can call (800) 360-8387.
The Social Security offices in South Bend, Elkhart, Auburn and Fort Wayne are closed today and may have delayed openings tomorrow. Many services are still available online at www.socialsecurity.gov or by calling (800) 772-1213.
Due to severe weather and hazardous driving conditions, Joe’s South Bend and Hammond offices will be closed for the remainder of the day. Please contact our Indianapolis office at 317-226-5555 with any questions.
Joe spoke at Granger Community Church's annual food drop this morning where volunteers helped load and deliver food to those in need.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Indiana University Cheerleading Program won their third straight national championship in Florida this past weekend. 
We're hearing tragic reports of accidents on the icy roads today. Please drive safely. -Joe
Senator Donnelly, a member of the Senate Ag Committee, yesterday sent a bipartisan letter to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy expressing his concerns regarding the EPA’s proposal for the 2014 Renewable Fuel Standard. The proposed changes to the RFS would decrease the volume of renewable-fuel production required, potentially undermining domestic energy production and threatening Indiana’s economy.  Donnelly said, “I remain frustrated and disappointed that the EPA has proposed lowering the volume of renewable-fuels required in our fuel supply. Supporting domestic energy production like the ethanol and biodiesel coming from Hoosier farms is critical to lessening our dependence on foreign oil and boosting Indiana’s economy.”
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Project Lead The Way Inc. in Indy is expanding, creating up to 30 new jobs. The nonprofit establishes and promotes activities for K-12 students in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and math.
Congratulations to Bethel College’s men’s basketball head coach Mike Lightfoot on his 700th career victory last night. Lightfoot has been coaching at Bethel since 1987.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Purdue community. We’re grateful for the timely efforts of the first responders. -Joe
Joe spoke at the 28th annual Martin Luther King Jr. Community Service Recognition Breakfast in South Bend this morning.
"We are a stronger nation when we work hand in hand." A message from Senator Donnelly on Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2014.
In case you missed it, Joe released his 2013 annual report last week detailing his first year as Indiana's newest U.S. Senator. See the full report here.
My view from today's Butler game. -Joe
There has been a staggering increase in suicides among young veterans in recent years. Joe wants to encourage all veterans and members of the military not to hesitate to seek help handling any mental health issues. The Veterans Crisis Hotline is staffed 24/7 at 800-273-8255-1. 
Senator Donnelly questioned nominees for the National Nuclear Security Administration, the Army, and the Air Force at a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee yesterday. He was pleased to welcome a fellow Hoosier—the Honorable Madelyn R. Creedon, nominee for Principal Deputy Administrator at the NNSA, from Indianapolis—to the hearing. In his questioning, Senator Donnelly talked about the importance of mental health assessments to curb military suicides. 
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. The City of Gary was chosen as one of the most recent participants in the White House’s Strong Cities, Strong Communities Initiative, which seeks to spark economic growth in distressed areas of the country. Senator Donnelly wrote a letter of support on the City’s behalf last July.
Share this #GoodNews. Indiana University's Carlie Jensen has received the National Retail Foundation’s Next Generation $25,000 Scholarship. Jensen is set to earn her bachelor’s degree in fashion merchandising this May.
“I am pleased that Congress is doing its job.  By passing a funding bill for the year, we will avoid another unnecessary government shutdown that would cause further harm to our economy.  We have a lot of work to do to help create jobs and improve our economy.” 
Today, Senator Donnelly released his annual report for 2013. The report includes an outline of his legislative work, his efforts on behalf of constituents, a snapshot of his travel around Indiana, a rundown of his bipartisan efforts, and other highlights from his first year as the newest U.S. Senator for Indiana.   Donnelly said, “Hoosiers elected me to the U.S. Senate to be a common sense voice and to work with both sides to get things done.  I put together this report to make clear my efforts to serve our state in my first year as Indiana’s newest U.S. Senator, and I look forward to continuing to work hard in year two.” 
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Ameritrans Bus Inc. of Elkhart has an expansion planned that will result in an estimated 20 new manufacturing jobs for Hoosiers by December 2016.
Congratulations to former Senator Lugar on being awarded the American Farm Bureau Federation’s highest honor, the Distinguished Service Award, for his service to the ag community. We need a five year farm bill now to give Hoosier farmers the certainty they deserve. -Joe
In case you missed it, Senator Donnelly gave a speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate on Wednesday outlining his Opportunity Agenda, a blueprint of common sense policies designed to expand economic opportunities for Hoosier workers, businesses, and their families in four critical areas. Watch the full speech here.
“As we saw during the recent snowstorms and severely cold weather in Indiana, volunteer firefighters and other first responders who donate their time to serve Hoosiers are an essential part of our communities. I am pleased that the Treasury will protect the ability of fire departments across our state to continue to serve.  It is important that fire departments are able to distinguish between full-time, paid emergency personnel and volunteer personnel so they can keep costs low and services at full capacity.” -Joe
Senator Donnelly today applauded the West Lafayette Fire Department for receiving one of the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency’s SAFER grants in the amount of $1.15 million to be used to fund seven frontline firefighters. Senator Donnelly wrote a letter of support on the Department’s behalf last October.  Donnelly said, “Indiana’s firemen and women are some of the bravest and hardest working members of our community, and I am proud to see the West Lafayette Fire Department receive the federal support they need. The West Lafayette Fire Department provides aid not only to the West Lafayette community, but Purdue University, Wabash Township, and the City of Lafayette as well. This grant money will help them serve these communities much more safely and efficiently by allowing them to hire seven additional fire fighters. These men and women put their lives on the line every day, and they deserve our support.”
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Hat World, Inc. is relocating and expanding its headquarters to Zionsville, creating up to 758 new jobs by 2025.
Help spread the word on what the National Guard and Senator Donnelly are doing to help prevent military suicides by sharing this story from The Indianapolis Star. Senator Donnelly is committed to continuing his work on this issue, especially his legislation named after Hoosier Guardsman Jacob Sexton.
Senator Donnelly today gave a speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate outlining his Opportunity Agenda, a blueprint of common sense policies designed to expand economic opportunities for Hoosier workers, businesses, and their families in four critical areas. Watch the full speech here.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Honda Manufacturing of Indiana received the EPA’s ENERGY STAR certification this year, given to them for performing in the top 25% of similar facilities nationwide for energy efficiency. Joe visited the Honda plant in early December to recognize the hard work of Hoosiers in this important sector of our economy.
Senator Donnelly today announced his 2014 nominations for admittance to the U.S. Military, Naval, Air Force, and Merchant Marine Academies. See the full list at the link below and share this status if someone you know was nominated.   Donnelly said, “It is a great privilege to have the opportunity to nominate these outstanding young Hoosiers to our nation’s service academies. If accepted, these young men and women will receive a top-quality education and will be prepared for successful careers as officers in our military. I want to thank everyone who applied for their desire to serve our country.”
Thank you to the @IndianaGuardsman, whose Humvees are shown here in front of the Marion Co. Sheriffs Department.  They have been helping the MCSD transport those without power to warming stations.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. 2013 was a good year to be an auto dealership in Indiana. Increases in car sales ranged from 7 to 38 percent in much of Northern Indiana. The national average was up as well, rising 8.4 percent.
Please stay safe today during this dangerous winter weather. -Joe  For more information concerning winter weather safety, please visit the Indiana Department of Homeland Security's website: http://www.in.gov/dhs/.
Indiana said a final goodbye to two outstanding Hoosiers today. Family, friends, and members of the public came together to honor the life of former Congressman Andy Jacobs Jr. at the Statehouse to reflect on his 30 years of service as Indianapolis’ Congressman. Joe had the opportunity to pay his respects to Rep. Jacobs’ family in the morning before heading to Granger Community Church to attend the funeral of Staff Sgt. Jesse Williams. A native of Elkhart, Williams was serving overseas when he was killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan on December 17th. We honor the service of these two great men today.
Extreme winter weather looks likely to continue for much of Indiana in the next few days. You can find information and tips on being ready for winter weather and extreme cold temperatures at http://www.ready.gov/winter.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Teresa Gross, a teacher at Westwood Elementary School in Greenwood and Jay Vahle, a teacher at Woodbrook Elementary School in Carmel, have been selected to receive the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching.
I am saddened to hear of the passing of former Congressman Jacobs. I enjoyed getting to know Andy over the years, and his decades of tireless service to the people of Indiana is an example I try to follow. Jill and I send our thoughts and prayers to Kim, Andy Jr., Steven, and all of Andy's family during this difficult time. -Joe
From my family to yours, Merry Christmas. Have a very blessed holiday. -Joe 
 
 On Christmas Eve, Joe and U.S. Marines distributed Toys-for-Tots toys at Beacon Health System's Memorial Hospital of South Bend.
Working to reduce military suicide has been one of my top priorities during my first year in office. I want to thank Senator Roger Wicker for his help with the Donnelly-Wicker provision in the 2014 National Defense Authorization Act. I look forward to continuing to work on this issue in a bipartisan fashion in the years ahead. –Joe
Last night, Senator Donnelly voted in favor of the Fiscal Year 2014 National Defense Authorization Act. The bill passed the Senate with a bipartisan vote of 84-15.  Donnelly said, “As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I was proud to work with members of both parties to pass this important legislation to support our servicemembers and their families and ensure our military has the resources it needs.   The bill improves the well-being of our military by strengthening DOD’s response to the epidemic of sexual assault, examining the pressing issue of military suicide, and making critical adjustments to respond to the effects of sequestration.  I am pleased that four provisions I introduced were included in the bill.”
#ICYMI: Senator Joe Donnelly and Chuck Grassley led a group of 31 senators last week in writing a letter to United States Trade Representative, Ambassador Michael Froman, and U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack about the importance of addressing barriers to market access for American pork producers in the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Senator Joe Donnelly today applauded the recent recipients of the Indiana Department of Education’s Math Science Partnership Grants, including Elkhart and Concord Community Schools in collaboration with ETHOS Science Center, for which Senator Donnelly wrote a letter of support.  Donnelly said, “I am very happy to see Indiana school corporations and institutes of higher learning working together to provide our kids with the education and skills they need to succeed in today’s job market. I want to thank the Indiana Department of Education for making this investment in our children’s future.”
Senator Joe Donnelly announced his support for the Protect Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act today, a bill that would amend the Affordable Care Act to clarify that volunteer emergency service workers are not required to be counted as full-time equivalents for the purposes of health care coverage.  “Volunteer firefighters and other first responders who donate their time to serve Hoosiers are an essential part of many Indiana communities,” said Donnelly.  “It is important that fire departments are able to distinguish between full-time, paid emergency personnel and volunteer personnel so they can keep costs low and services at full capacity.  This bipartisan bill is another common sense way that we can clarify the Affordable Care Act to better work for Hoosiers.”
Share this #GoodNews: General Motors is investing $29.2 million in its Bedford Castings plant in southern Indiana. The investment is part of a $1.3 billion package to upgrade five facilities in Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio. The investment will create or retain 1,000 jobs.
Senator Joe Donnelly released the following statement today in advance of a procedural vote to move forward with consideration of the bipartisan budget agreement.  “I will be supporting the bipartisan budget proposal because it is a middle-of-the-road approach that provides certainty for the next two years.  No one got 100% of what they wanted, but this proposal makes additional cuts to the deficit and prevents another government shutdown. This is an example of how the parties can work together, and we need more bipartisan efforts like this instead of the partisan gridlock that hurt our economy this year.”
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. Flagship Logistics Group is seeking veterans to fill 40 new job openings at its Indianapolis call center.
Today, Senator Joe Donnelly and Tom Coburn (R-OK) introduced the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, legislation that would maintain important consumer protections while also protecting the ability of manufactured home customers to buy, sell, and refinance homes.  Donnelly said, “For many Hoosier families, the decision to purchase a home is one of the most significant investments they will make. We should be doing all we can to preserve access to affordable housing, especially when it comes to manufactured housing, which can be the best option for many families. I thank Senator Coburn for joining me in this effort.”
Best of luck to Notre Dame Men's Soccer in the College Cup final this afternoon. Go Irish! -Joe
Joe spoke at the Indiana Farm Bureau Convention in Fort Wayne about the need for a bipartisan, five-year Farm Bill to give the Hoosier ag community the certainty it deserves.
This morning, Joe thanked the members of his Service Academy Committee who are conducting interviews with interested Hoosier high school students at the American Legion Headquarters in Indianapolis.
With Joe’s support, the Senate passed a resolution today honoring the life, accomplishments, and legacy of Nelson Mandela and expressing condolences on his passing. May his efforts not be soon forgotten.
Happy Birthday to the National Guard. To all our Hoosier Guard Members, thank you for your continued service. -Joe  The National Guard was created on December 13, 1636, making it 377 years old today. Below is a recent photo of Senator Donnelly and Major General R. Martin Umbarger, who has been The Adjutant General of Indiana since 2004.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. The U.S. Departments of Energy and Treasury have granted tax credits to Carrier Corporation of Indianapolis and Delphi Automotive Systems, LLC of Kokomo for their work in clean energy manufacturing. Delphi expects to create over 150 new jobs.   Donnelly said, “I am extremely proud of the hard working Hoosiers across the state who are contributing to the continued growth of America’s manufacturing sector. The tax credits will help these companies invest further in more good-paying manufacturing jobs right here in Indiana. When we invest in American manufacturing, we support a strong middle class.”  -Joe
Today, the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act, legislation introduced in the Senate by Senator Donnelly and Senator Coats, was passed on the House side, where it was introduced by Representative Susan Brooks.   Senator Donnelly said, “I hope the President quickly signs this bill into law, so the Koehl family can be given some sense of relief from these tragic and terrible circumstances. We must honor the memory of Alicia Koehl and help preserve the honor of being buried in a veterans’ cemetery.”
Happy 197th Birthday to our great state. On this day in 1816, President James Madison officially approved Indiana’s statehood, making us the 19th state in the union.
Senator Donnelly’s office released a white paper today detailing the recent history of the auto industry as well as the progress being made in this sector of Indiana’s economy. The paper highlights how the automotive industry, since late 2008, has invested in Hoosier communities and created jobs.
Last week, Senator Donnelly visited auto manufacturing facilities around Indiana to recognize the hard work of Hoosiers in this important sector of our economy.  Donnelly visited facilities in Greensburg, Lafayette, Princeton, Bedford, Marion, Kokomo, and Fort Wayne.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Elkhart’s Sarah Crane today, who after bravely battling stage four colon cancer for the past five months, passed away this weekend at the age of 15. Sarah’s memory will continue to encourage and inspire all of us—in Elkhart, in Indiana, and across the country. Learn more about Sarah’s amazing story at http://sarahstrong.org/. #SarahStrong
On Sunday, Senator Donnelly met with members of Girl Scout Troop 119 of Shelbyville to sign holiday cards for wounded Hoosier National Guard Members. The girls are sending 72 cards to Fort Knox, Kentucky, where the soldiers are currently recovering.
Today we honor the brave men and women who gave their lives for their country at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. It is important for all of us not to allow their sacrifices to be forgotten or ignored. Please join me in recognizing National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. - Joe
Joe and Jill stopped by WNDU in South Bend this morning for the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve Toys for Tots toy drive.
In case you missed it, POLITICO reported today that Wall Street economists still rate government dysfunction as the leading risk factor for our economy.  Senator Donnelly has repeatedly voiced this concern, calling for Congress to help, not hurt, the economy.  During the government shutdown, Donnelly spoke on the Senate floor about the negative impact Congress is having on the U.S. and Hoosier economies.   Donnelly said in October, “I think we need more people focused on what’s best for Indiana, what’s best for our nation, and less about what’s best in politics."
Here's a photo of my travels from Indianapolis to Greensburg this morning. We're off to Lafayette later today. Hoping Hoosiers stay safe on the road. -Joe
“I am saddened to hear of the passing of former South African President Nelson Mandela.  His tireless and courageous efforts to bring freedom and equality to all in his home country and across the world will continue to inspire us.  May we learn from his example and may he rest in peace.” -Joe
Senator Donnelly’s office wishes a very fond farewell to Air Guard Maj. Pat McDonnell, who today finished a year-long military fellowship with us here in D.C. Thank you Pat for your service to Hoosier Guard and Reserve Members, veterans, and active military.
Share this #GoodNews with your friends. U.S. manufacturing grew at its fastest pace in over two years this November, leading to an increase in export sales, production, and most importantly, employment.
Attention Hoosier Guard and Reserve Members, the nomination season for the 2014 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award is going on now. Nominate your civilian employer at www.freedomaward.mil by January 20th to recognize their strong support of Guard and Reserve Members and their families.
#GoodNews: The National Association of Conservation Districts has chosen Indiana as the home of its 2014 summer board meeting and Soil Health Conservation Tour. The meeting moves to Indianapolis after taking place in Washington, D.C. for the last 10 years.
Senator Joe Donnelly donated his take-home pay for the 16 days of the federal government shutdown, worth $5,000, to ten food banks across Indiana.  Donnelly refused to take the salary he received while partisan gridlock had shut down the government, hurting Hoosier families and businesses, as well as our entire country’s economy.
From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. Congratulations to the Concord High School Marching Minutemen from Elkhart, who today made their 7th appearance in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. - Joe
Joe calls a play with the basketball teams of Shortridge and Crispus Attucks.   Joe and students from both schools sorted food this morning at Gleaners Food Bank.   Shortridge and Crispus Attucks play each other tomorrow night.
Joe visited the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana in Gary this morning to donate $500 of his shutdown pay.
#GoodNews: General Nutrition Centers announced today it is opening a $25 million distribution center near Whitestown. This is expected to create 225 jobs in Indiana by 2017. Operations are expected to begin in late 2014.
Yesterday, a bill introduced by Senator Joe Donnelly and Senator John Boozman to authorize a National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial was passed by the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.  Donnelly said, “I am pleased that the National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act is one step closer to becoming law.  The men and women who fought in the first Gulf War, including more than 60,000 Hoosiers, deserve to have their bravery and sacrifices honored.”
“This was irresponsible and shameful—Congress creating problems for our economy instead of solving them--so I thought it was inappropriate for me to take my paycheck for this time.”
With photos from the White House: Joe Congratulates Lugar on Receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom
This week, Senator Joe Donnelly joined the Autism Caucus, a group dedicated to increasing awareness of autism, learning current and future research autism initiatives, and discussing autism-related policy issues.
Hoosiers who experienced damage to their homes or property can use this online form from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security to report damage. This is not an application for assistance but will be used to help decide whether federal assistance can be pursued.
Visiting a tornado shelter in Kokomo this morning, Joe and Governor Mike Pence learned about ways Hoosiers stayed safe during yesterday's severe storms.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the tornados and severe weather in Indiana and across the Midwest.   For more information on preparedness for severe weather, visit getprepared.in.gov.
This morning, Senator Donnelly hosted EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a listening session with the Hoosier ag community at Kelsay Farms in Whiteland.   Here is Administrator McCarthy, Senator Donnelly, Joe Kelsay, and his daughter Jenna.
“The production and use of biofuels that are grown and developed right here at home helps our economy and increases our national security by lessening our dependence on foreign oil. I am frustrated and disappointed that the EPA has lowered the volume of renewable fuels required in our overall fuel supply.” -Joe
Representatives of the Little Star Center in Carmel and Autism Speaks met yesterday with Senator Joe Donnelly.
Today, Senator Joe Donnelly met John Jacobson, Dean of Ball State University Teachers College.
“The problems with the website and canceled plans are unacceptable. That is why I am sponsoring legislation that would allow individuals to keep their current health plans." -Joe
#GoodNews: Eli Lilly and Company announced today it is investing $700 million in insulin production, in Indianapolis and around the world.  Insulin is a leading treatment for diabetes.  Today is World Diabetes Day.
Senator Joe Donnelly spent Veterans Day thanking Hoosier Veterans around Indianapolis.   Senator Donnelly presented Mr. Michael Hodgson, Mr. Conard Terhune, Jr., Mr. James Horn, and Mr. Julian Quarnstrom the many medals and ribbons that they were awarded for their service.
#GoodNews: Congratulations to Purdue University's Military Family Research Institute, which has been awarded a $2.4 million grant by the Lilly Endowment to continue its mission of improving the lives of members of the military, veterans and their families.
#GoodNews: According to the Economic Development Corp. of Elkhart County, since 2010, 7,025 jobs have been announced for the Elkhart County economy and more than 4,000 of those have been filled already.
Today we celebrate Larry Bird Day. We can all respect and take pride in Hoosier native, Olympian and legend Larry Bird.
#GoodNews: The Indiana Clinical and Translational Sciences Institute has received a $30 million grant from the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This partnership between IU, Purdue, and Notre Dame will allow Indiana’s best and brightest scientists to continue making critical research discoveries that will lead to new treatments for patients.
Did you know more than one million children and adults in the Hoosier State live with diabetes and pre-diabetes?  During American Diabetes Month, learn how you can join the American Diabetes Association in the fight to stop diabetes.
Senator Joe Donnelly made an impromptu stop on the way to the airport to thank the Hoosiers at the U.S. National Weather Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for their work.  One gentleman celebrates 40 years with NWS/ NOAA tomorrow.
This Thursday, there is a job fair in Jeffersonville for work associated with the Ohio River Bridges Project. The event will feature steel, construction and engineering companies involved in the project and labor union representatives.
This morning, Senator Joe Donnelly attended the opening of a new Rolls-Royce production facility in Indianapolis. 
 
 "I congratulate Rolls-Royce on opening another advanced manufacturing facility in Indianapolis.  These high-tech jobs will help strengthen our state’s economy by providing opportunities for Hoosier workers and demonstrating that Indiana is a great place for manufacturers to do business.” - Joe
Are you interested in an internship in Senator Joe Donnelly's DC or Indiana offices? Apply here for the Winter 2014 session.
Severe storms are expected in east and southeast Indiana tomorrow. Be better prepared with FEMA's severe weather tips:
Today, Senator Joe Donnelly and U.S. Senator Dean Heller introduced the Skills Gap Strategy Act, a bill that would help employers identify, train, and hire workers with the skills to fill existing job openings in Indiana, Nevada, and across the country.    It is estimated that up to 600,000 middle-skilled and high-skilled manufacturing jobs are left unfilled due to employers not finding workers with the right training.
#GoodNews: Welcome home to U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officer Aaron Wright of South Bend.  Thank you to the Hoosiers who serve & sacrifice for our freedom.
Senator Joe Donnelly spoke this morning at the Manufacturing Jobs for America press conference about helping manufacturers grow and create jobs. 
 
 This week, Senator Donnelly will introduce a bill that would help employers identify, train, and hire workers with the skills to fill existing job openings in Indiana and across the country.
From the Indianapolis Star: Matthew Tully: Joe Donnelly tries to 'hit it straight down the middle'
TODAY in Evansville, Jeffersonville, and Indianapolis: Senator Donnelly’s office will hold Military Service Academy Information Nights. Click on this link for more information.
This afternoon, Senator Joe Donnelly talked with Amos Brown - WTLC in Indianapolis.
Senator Joe Donnelly and Jim Shella spoke today about Donnelly's role in the bipartisan effort to end the shutdown. Tune into WISH-TV tonight for more.
Looking for a great internship experience this winter? Click this link for more information on joining Senator Donnelly’s team.
“’The dynamics were, everybody basically left their political label at the door and worked non-stop,' Donnelly said. ‘It was negotiation where a number of people had different positions. Nobody got 100 percent of what they want, but the goal was to make sure our nation was protected.’” – Terre Haute Tribune-Star Op-Ed.
"Most importantly, the plan seemed to light a fire under Senate leaders, and signs of progress and talking finally began taking shape in the days following the rollout of Collins' plan."  -CNN on the bipartisan group of senators, including Joe, who worked to end the shutdown and ensure we pay our bills.
"Every day we spent working on this was one day we couldn't be working on putting more Hoosiers into additional employment." –Joe
“I’m encouraged that all sides are sitting down to talk, but we need to turn that talking into action." -Joe
“Our fallen servicemembers deserve our country’s deepest gratitude and respect.  I was deeply troubled and frustrated that the ongoing government shutdown was preventing these servicemembers and their families from receiving the honor and support they deserve.  I am pleased that the Senate unanimously passed legislation to give these families the benefits reflective of their loved one’s service.”  -Joe, after the Senate unanimously passed legislation to fund death gratuities and related survivor benefits for survivors of deceased military servicemembers.
“I’m pleased that most members of the National Guard and Reserves will be back to work protecting our nation and that they will receive pay. Now, I call on both parties to put aside the political rhetoric, get the government back up and running, and agree to pay the bills we have already incurred.  Let’s put everyone back on the job and start focusing on improving our economy, not creating problems for American families’ pocketbooks.” -Joe
"At a time when Hoosiers are trying to get back to work and take care of our families, Congress’ inability to work together is making it so much more difficult. Congress is not helping and is actually hindering job creation and economic growth.   "Madam President, this is no way to run a country.  I stand ready to work with anyone in a common sense way out of this train wreck. We must find a way to stop hurting the economy and to actually help the people who have made this country such a great place." -Joe
Thank you for your concern. Everyone in our office is safe. Please keep the injured and those who responded in your thoughts and prayers. -Joe
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
Senator Donnelly's Suicide Prevention Awareness Resolution Passes Senate.
Glad to see the Indiana Chamber of Commerce fighting to bridge the #skillsgap in the Hoosier State. –Joe
This week, Senator Donnelly toured the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and learned more about diabetes research.
Earlier, Senator Joe Donnelly stood up for Hoosiers who want to see more job opportunities so they can take care of their families, send their kids to college, and retire with dignity. Watch Joe’s speech in full here.
Share this photo with your friends if you agree with Senator Joe Donnelly.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Donnelly calls on Congress to stop the partisan fighting and start creating jobs for American families.
This afternoon, Senator Joe Donnelly will take the Senate floor and call on Congress to stop with the partisan fighting and focus on creating jobs for America’s workforce.
We need a Farm Bill because Hoosier farmers deserve certainty. -Joe #MyFarmBill
Share this #GoodNews. These 12 Indiana schools have been named 2013 National Blue Ribbon Schools by U.S. Department of Education. http://www2.ed.gov/programs/nclbbrs/2013/national.pdf …
“This month is an opportunity for us to recognize and discuss suicide prevention.  I introduced this resolution because we need to be vigilant in ensuring that those at risk for suicide are receiving the help they need, and are comfortable asking for it.  We can work to combat suicide by educating ourselves on warning signs and risk factors and spreading the word about confidential and free resources available.” - Senator Joe Donnelly
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Mayor Tom Henry announced a $71 million investment project in Fort Wayne. This collaborative initiative between the city, Ash Brokerage Corporation, and Hanning & Bean Enterprises, Inc. will result in new knowledge-based jobs, hundreds of construction jobs, housing, and retail in the community.
Senator Donnelly Announces Grant for Purdue University Calumet to Help Bridge Skills Gap in Northwest Indiana.
“We can all agree that we need clean, affordable energy in this country, but I continue to be frustrated by the EPA’s extreme proposals that fail to recognize the impact these regulations will have on Hoosier families and businesses. While we are all hopeful for the future of carbon capture and sequestration technology to reduce and store emissions, it has not yet been proven in an industrial setting.  I strongly believe there is a way to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, protecting our environment and our health, while at the same time making sure we are not excessively burdening the Hoosier families and businesses that rely on affordable power.  The regulations proposed today fail to meet this basic, common-sense objective.” – Senator Joe Donnelly
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Today is “Drive 4 Pledges Day.” I urge everyone to stay safe on the road and choose not to text and drive.  It can wait.  -Joe
This morning, Senator Joe Donnelly met with Indiana's Chamber to discuss how using the best ideas can improve our nation's economy and solve problems for Hoosier families back home.
PHOTOS: Senator Joe Donnelly toured the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, MD.
Share this good news with your friends. This afternoon, Pratt Industries announced that it will invest $260 million dollars to construct a new 100% recycled paper facility in Valparaiso. The project, set to be completed by July 2015, will create up to 137 new jobs in the local community.
Last week, Vincennes University announced a partnership with Hurco Companies Inc..  The industrial technology company will provide updated lab equipment to Vincennes University classrooms to strengthen manufacturing education.  #SkillsGap
On #ConstitutionDay, learn more about President James Madison, a coauthor of the Constitution and creator of the Bill of Rights.
Could you recite the U.S. Constitution’s Preamble? #ConstitutionDay
“My thoughts and prayers are with all those killed and injured during the tragic shooting at the Navy Yard today, as well as their families and loved ones.  I thank the police and other first responders for their efforts in assisting those in need.” - Senator Joe Donnelly
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
We lost Governor O’Bannon 10 years ago today, but his work on behalf of Hoosiers lives on. -Joe
Today we celebrate the 19th anniversary of the passage of the Violence Against Women Act. Senator Donnelly cast his vote in support of its reauthorization in February.
Donnelly, Senator Roy Blunt Urge U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to Use Common Sense in Emissions Regulations.
Ivy Tech Community College's John Hogan on the “skills gap” in Indiana: “Indiana is finding itself in a conundrum. There is much talk and discussion about the difficulty in finding skilled and professional workers for positions today and those that will be vacated by retiring workers in the coming years. This phenomenon has been dubbed 'the skills gap' by national experts. Debates are being waged over how best to bridge this gap – and rightly so.”
Share this good news with your friends. This week, Victory Media added Indiana Tech and Indiana University–Purdue University Fort Wayne (IPFW) to their 2014 Military Friendly Schools List for doing the most to “embrace America’s military service members, veterans, and spouses as students and ensure their success on campus.”
This is Suicide Prevention Week, and Senator Donnelly’s office will be sharing some facts about suicide and leading risk factors.   FACT: More than 90% of people who take their own life have at least one and often more than one treatable mental illness such as depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and/or alcohol and substance abuse. With better recognition and treatment, many suicides can be prevented.  Learn more at www.afsp.org.
#GoodNews: SkyWest Airlines plans to add a new maintenance facility in South Bend, creating up to 40 new jobs in the community.
Share this good news with your friends. This week, U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded a grant to Conservation Technology Information Center (CTIC), a nonprofit organization in West Lafayette, to work with farmers in the Midwest to examine and share the economic, agronomic and environmental benefits of cover crops.
“Today, the 12th anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks on our nation, we continue to mourn the innocent lives lost and pray for the loved ones left behind.    We also pay tribute to the character and resilience of our fellow citizens; in the aftermath of the attacks, thousands of volunteers and emergency personnel risked their lives to rescue victims from the debris of the World Trade Center and Pentagon, and to restore peace and order to a shocked nation.  Their selfless courage inspired us and reminded us of the true American way.  And we honor the members of our military who rose up in service against this terrorist threat and continue to serve and protect the freedoms that make America the greatest country in the world.  Too many have made the ultimate sacrifice.  The United States of America is strong and free because of their efforts to protect us, and we must continue to honor their service by fulfilling a responsible drawdown from Afghanistan that brings our troops safely home.   Today, we reflect on and honor the lives lost, the families left behind, and the troops, veterans, and first-responders impacted by the events of September 11, 2001.  In this tragedy, we came together as Americans, and we stand united today.” - Joe
Senator Donnelly Releases Video Recognizing World Suicide Prevention Day.
Share this great news with your friends. For the 15th consecutive year, U.S. News and World Report named Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology the nation’s top undergraduate engineering college.
This weekend, September 13th and 14th, Senator Joe Donnelly will formally open five regional offices in Indiana.  The offices are located in Hammond, South Bend, Fort Wayne, Evansville, and Jeffersonville.  Hoosiers will be able to contact Sen. Donnelly and his staff at these offices to request assistance on federal issues and to share their thoughts and concerns.
Wanatah’s Doug Stonebraker: “I called Senator Joe Donnelly’s staff and they put me on the right path to getting the paperwork needed. About a month later, on June 21st, I went out to my mailbox and there were all of his medals he was eligible for. At the end of August, Senator Donnelly came by my business, Lone Pine Liquors in Wanatah, because I wanted to shake his hand. The senator was very gracious. Thanks to him and his staff, it’s a proud day for our family and I know my dad is looking down on us and is very proud too.”
PHOTOS: Earlier, Senator Joe Donnelly visited Riley Hospital for Children at IU Health where he toured its new facilities, met with medical staff, and learned about IU Health's continuing commitment towards diabetes research.
Senator Donnelly Announces Grant for White River Railroad Bridge.
Share this good news with your friends. Duke Energy Retail announced plans to fund Ivy Tech Community College scholarships for regional training programs designed to prepare workers for the skills needed in Indiana’s manufacturing industry. #SkillsGap
Today, Senator Donnelly introduced the “Just Ask Joe” video series, highlighting the many services available to Hoosiers from his office.
PHOTO: Earlier, Senator Donnelly visited Goshen's VA Outpatient Clinic where he observed firsthand the services the facility provides to area veterans.
In case you missed it: Donnelly Completes “Serving Those Who Serve” Defense Jobs Tour.
Share this good news. The Washington Monthly College Guide recently gave high rankings to University of Notre Dame, Purdue University, Indiana State University, and Valparaiso University for their efforts at community service.
Share this good news with your friends. Indianapolis technology consulting company GuideSoft, Inc. is expanding its headquarters, creating up to 400 jobs within the next five years.
Finishing off his #ServingWhoServed tour, Senator Donnelly visited The Home Depot in Hobart. Share this photo with your friends as we recognize those with a commitment to hiring and supporting members of the Guard and Reserves, as well as veterans from across the country.
50 years later, we honor the dream shared by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as we continue to work toward a better nation for all Americans. Read Dr. King’s “I Have a Dream…” speech in full here.
#ServingWhoServed: This morning, Joe met with members of the Indiana National Guard's 181st Intelligence Wing and toured their facilities in Terre Haute.
PHOTO: Senator Donnelly toured The Home Depot in New Albany to talk about the importance of hiring Guard and reserve members, as well as veterans.
Fellow Hoosiers, the Indiana Department of Homeland Security is currently surveying Indiana citizens to gauge emergency readiness. Click the link below to participate. All those surveyed are eligible to win a free all hazards/weather radio.
On day two of the “Serving Those Who Serve” Defense Jobs Tour, Senator Donnelly visited Ameriqual’s facility in Evansville, where he saw how the company produces high-quality, shelf-stable food packages for servicemembers.
Share this #goodnews with your friends. After close to seven decades, Rich Birs, a 94-year-old resident of Portage, finally received the Purple Heart he earned in the Battle of Okinawa during World War II.
In West Lafayette, Senator Donnelly visited Zucrow Laboratories where he talked with student employees about the defense industry jobs of the future and toured one of its gas turbine combustion labs.  Zucrow Labs is testing biofuel engine performance and combustion in missile and airplane engines. #ServingWhoServed
Kicking off his “Serving Those Who Serve” Defense Jobs Tour, Senator Donnelly visited Fort Wayne’s ITT Exelis and learned about the company’s work to modernize front-line communications networks for soldiers on the battlefield. 
 #ServingWhoServed
Congratulations to the Town of Zionsville, Indiana on receiving the 2013 Google eCity Award.  This award recognizes the strongest online business community in each state.
This morning in Bloomington, Indiana, Joe joined The Greater Bloomington Chamber of Commerce for a discussion with Monroe County business leaders about creating the conditions necessary for continued growth.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Purdue University was awarded a grant by the U.S. Department of Energy to help transform how electric vehicles store energy. Purdue will develop a lithium-ion electric vehicle battery pack that can better withstand impact during a collision.
In case you missed it: Cummins Inc to add up to 500 new jobs in Columbus. #GoodNews
Donnelly Applauds Announced Production of Cummins Inc Engine for Nissan Pickup Truck.
Share this good news with your friends. President Barack Obama plans to appoint Indiana University Professor Emeritus Bruce Cole to a commission to oversee the construction of a memorial being built in honor of President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
This week, Senator Donnelly’s office will host Senior Wise Seminars in Fort Wayne and Lafayette.  At the seminars, seniors will have the opportunity to meet with representatives from federal agencies and other community organizations to discuss general healthcare services and various in-home programs available to seniors.    To sign-up for a seminar, email Donnelly_Events@Donnelly.Senate.Gov.  Tuesday, August 20, 2013 Senior Wise Seminar – Fort Wayne 10:30 – 11:30 AM EDT Milo Troyer Conference Room Aging and In-Home Services of Northeast Indiana 2927 Lake Avenue Fort Wayne, Indiana   Wednesday, August 21, 2013 Senior Wise Seminar – Fort Wayne 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM EDT The Center @ Jenks Rest 1915 Scott Street  Lafayette, Indiana
This week, Senator Donnelly’s office held #JobSeeker workshops in Gary, Sellersburg, and Indianapolis.
TOMORROW, join Senator Donnelly's office for a #JobSeeker Workshop in Indianapolis.
In Sellersburg tomorrow, Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting a Job Seekers Workshop.   To register to attend the program, email Donnelly_Events@donnelly.senate.gov.   Wednesday, August 14 8:30 AM – 12:00 PM EDT Ogle Hall; Horseshoe Foundation Assembly Center Ivy Tech Southern Indiana campus 8204 Highway 311 Sellersburg, Indiana
The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates Indiana’s corn harvest is on track to being the 2nd largest on record. #GoodNews
Op-ed in Roll Call: Health Care for the 40-Hour Workweek.
TOMORROW: Workshop in Sellersburg focuses on job seekers. Email Donnelly_Events@donnelly.senate.gov to register.
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
Share this good news with your friends. Alorica has announced plans to hire 200 new workers for its Lafayette site.
Congratulations to Indiana-based Cummins Inc, Thor Industries, Inc., and Wabash National for being named three of the country’s top 50 manufacturers by IndustryWeek magazine. #GoodNews
Share this good news with your friends. USA TODAY and 24/7 Wall St. named Indiana the top state where “manufacturing still matters.”  Indiana has added manufacturing jobs at one of the fastest rates in the nation over the past several years, with year-over-year growth in manufacturing at or above 3.7% at the end of each of the past three years.
In Gary today, Senator Donnelly’s office is hosting a Job Seekers Workshop.  Come by, more information below:  Monday, August 12 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM CDT North Building; Ivy Tech Community College 1440 E 35th Ave Gary, Indiana
Have you RSVP’d to Senator Donnelly’s “Job Seekers” seminars in Gary, Sellersburg, and Indianapolis? To join the workshops and to receive more information on these events, click here.
Have you RSVP’d to Senator Donnelly’s “Senior Wise” seminars in Fort Wayne and Lafayette? To join the seminars and to receive more information on these events, click here.
In case you missed it: Former Senator Richard Lugar to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Fifteen other recipients, including Oprah Winfrey and former President Bill Clinton, will also receive this country’s highest honor for a U.S. civilian.
Senator Joe Donnelly, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, yesterday observed the Vibrant Response 13-2 Northern Command exercise at the Muscatatuck Training Center in Butlerville, Indiana. This exercise is the largest annual homeland security exercise conducted across the country.  It helps prepare the United States military, homeland security personnel, and first responders for responding to a nuclear attack in an urban area.
PHOTO: Senator Joe Donnely participates in a Homeland Security briefing with Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks and Rep. Jackie Walorski.
TODAY: Senator Donnelly took part in a breakfast at pioneer village at the Indiana State Fair.
TODAY: Senator Donnelly toured #Muscatatuck and observed our country's largest annual homeland security exercise.
Share this good news with your friends. This week, Dr. France Anne Cordova was nominated by President Obama to be the next Director of the National Science Foundation. Previously, Dr. Cordova served as president of Purdue University from 2007 to 2012.
Today, Joe and Senator Dan Coats introduced the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act, a bill that would give the VA and Army authority to remove criminals from national cemeteries. Read more:  http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/newsroom/press/donnelly-coats-introduce-bill-to-give-va-and-army-authority-to-remove-criminals-from-national-cemeteries
Share this news with your friends. This week, Senator Donnelly joined a bipartisan group in support of the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline because it would provide more energy security and produce more private sector jobs across the country.
Joe thinks Hoosiers and all Americans should have tax-free access to the internet.  Today, with Senators Wyden (D-OR) and Thune (R-SD), Joe helped introduce the Internet Tax Freedom Act.  This bill would make permanent the moratorium on state and local taxes on internet access.
Have you signed up for Senator Donnelly’s Coffee and Common Sense event in Indianapolis on Saturday? RSVP here.
In case you missed it: A new survey of Elkhart area businesses shows increased optimism about the economy.  #GoodNews
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Supreme Corp. announced plans to add 80 new positions at its Goshen-based firm.
Share this article (and good news) with your friends as today is the 48th anniversary of the #Medicare and #Medicaid programs.
EARLIER: Senator Donnelly joined Senator Claire McCaskill and Senator Rob Portman to introduce the Federal Permitting Improvement Act, a bill that would cut red tape to improve the permitting process for infrastructure projects, helping private industry create jobs.  They were joined by representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Building Trades, and Business Roundtable, organizations that support this bipartisan bill.
Donnelly Announces Senior Wise Seminars in Fort Wayne, Lafayette.
Donnelly Announces Job Seeker Workshops in Gary, Sellersburg, and Indianapolis.
Congratulations to South Bend native Ryan Newman for winning the Brickyard 400 and setting a #NASCAR  record for the fastest race time in Brickyard history. He is the third #Hoosier to win this race, and we congratulate him on his accomplishment. #GoodNews
Share this good news with your friends. Kyler Hansen of Hobart was named a national winner of the 11th annual Digital Arts Festival competition. Kyler won a trip to San Diego where he got to tour a wild animal park, tour Sony production studios and headquarters, go on a cruise and see the movie studios in Los Angeles.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Toyota announced it will create more than 200 new jobs and invest another $30 million to increase production at its Princeton, Indiana plant.
VIDEO: Donnelly Questions DOD and Navy Nominees on Suicide Prevention, Sexual Assault Investigations.
I’m pleased my office was able to help Justin Hawkins with his request for an American flag that had previously flown over the U.S. Capitol. Justin, I hope your new flag enjoys its new home in Sellersburg. -Joe
NA
National Cattlemen's Beef Association: Livestock producers are grateful to Senators Donnelly and Grassley for introducing the #FarmerIdentityAct.
READ: National Guard Association of the United States supports Senator Donnelly’s bipartisan Military Reserve Jobs Act.
READ: Donnelly, Chuck Grassley Introduce Bill to Protect Farmers’ Personal Information.
Share this good news with your friends. Congratulations to Josh Trenary, a Clinton County native, for being named Indiana Pork’s new executive director.
READ: Senator Donnelly Announces Grant for the Indianapolis Fire Department.
The #ReserveJobsAct makes sense.  Members of the Reserve Components serve honorably and they should be supported in their pursuit of federal employment opportunities. Reserve members are already uniquely qualified to handle some tough jobs on the federal level, like TSA or Border Security Patrol, and should be encouraged to apply for these positions.
In the heat of the summer, please remember to stay cool and drink plenty of fluids. -Joe
Currently, approximately 44 percent of National Guard members and 70 percent of Air National Guard airmen serve without qualifying for preference points. Senator Donnelly’s bill, the Reserve Jobs Act, would implement a tiered “Military Reserve” hiring preference for members of the Reserve Components who do not otherwise qualify for preference under existing laws.  This approach balances the respect for veterans who qualify for a 5-point preference with recognizing the contributions of Guard members and Reservists.
Today, Senator Donnelly introduced the Military Reserve Jobs Act of 2013 with Senator Ted Cruz and Senator Patrick Leahy.  The bill would give qualified members of the Reserve Components tiered preference in hiring for civil service jobs.
Today, I was happy to meet with the 4-H students from East Chicago. -Joe
Yesterday,  Joe met with Hoosier veteran Lucas Oppelt at the Yellow Ribbon Fund Golf Classic, an annual golf tournament played by local golfers and wounded veterans.  Money raised will benefit wounded veterans and their families. More information about Yellow Ribbon Fund can be found at www.yellowribbonfund.org.
From now until Labor Day, Blue Star Museums Initiative offers all active duty military personnel and their families free admission to many museums across the country, including here in Indiana. From the NCAA Hall of Champions to the Studebaker National Museum, there are many opportunities for a summer trip with the family. To see a full list of participating museums, please click on this link.
There’s a new scholarship opportunity from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security for Hoosier students currently volunteering for a public safety organization. If you are entering school or are a full-time college student and you volunteer at a local fire department, law enforcement agency, emergency management agency (EMA) or emergency medical services (EMS), you could be eligible for this $2,000 scholarship. To find out more information, please click here.
Earlier today, Senator Donnelly addressed Indiana's American Legion for their 95th annual state convention in Indianapolis.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
NA
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
“Access to affordable, high-quality education is critical to closing the skills gap and creating the highly-skilled workforce that meets the needs of our economy.  It is my strong belief that Hoosiers should not be burdened with unmanageable debt in order to obtain a college degree.  I will support today’s proposal to lower rates on new subsidized Stafford loans and provide students with the certainty they need to plan for their education.  I also think it is critical that we continue bipartisan conversations to find a responsible compromise that will lower rates and ensure there is a cap to protect student borrowers from unreasonable rate increases in the future. The government should not be making profits off of students trying to brighten their futures.  Our focus must be on putting their needs first.” - Senator Joe Donnelly
This morning, I was honored to have met with the Hoosier representatives of the JDRF Children’s Congress. They shared with me their stories and continuing battles against type 1 diabetes and their ongoing search for a cure.  Today, these brave Hoosiers came to ask Congress to extend funding for the Special Diabetes Program (SDP) that would continue the research needed to find a cure for this disease.
READ: Senator Donnelly Concludes Tour on 40 Hours is Full Time Act.
“Our job is to make sure that if a veteran has a problem, we take care of it. If there’s a Social Security question, we get it answered,” Donnelly said in a recent interview in his Washington office. “We’re the hired help. We’re here to serve the people of Indiana.”
From the founding of our great country to today, we have a lot to be proud of and thankful for as a nation. Happy Independence Day. -Joe
After visiting Fishers and Terre Haute, Joe wrapped up the second and final day of his tour. Senator Donnelly met with employers and educators who are in need of a better definition of and clarity on “full-time employee” in the Affordable Care Act and discussed his efforts that would help address this challenge facing Hoosier businesses and their employees. This was his fifth tour across Indiana since being sworn in as U.S. Senator.
"I am pleased that the U.S. Department of the Treasury announced they will be implementing what Senator Collins and I asked for last month: transition relief, free of penalty, for employers as they work to understand what health care reform means for their businesses and as we work to make common sense improvements. A year of transition allows us to work on improving the law to make it work better, such as the proposal Senator Collins and I introduced to redefine 'full-time' as 40 hours a week." – Senator Joe Donnelly
Continuing his state tour, Senator Donnelly visited Murdock Elementary School in Lafayette where he received a tour of the school and discussed their challenges with the current definition of full time employee and how his legislation would help.
Checking out one of the many great basketball gyms across the state. –Joe
This morning, Joe began his fifth state tour, visiting four communities to discuss his efforts to clarify the “full-time employee” definition under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. On this trip, Joe will talk about with Hoosier employers and their part-time employees who face challenges under the current definition. In June, Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine) in introducing legislation to make the definition work better for American business owners and workers.  Read more about the Donnelly-Collins legislation and follow Joe’s page for the latest  updates on his trip.
Are you interested in an internship with Senator Donnelly? Positions are available for the fall in Senator Donnelly’s Washington, D.C. and Indiana offices. If you are interested in applying or want more information, please click here. The deadline for all applications is July 15th.
Share this good news with your friends. 9 year-old Carmel native Lydia Finkbeiner was selected as a “State Dinner” winner for The Healthy Lunchtime Challenge & Kids “State Dinner” contest. Lydia beat out over 1,300 entries from children ages 8-12 with her “Sneaky Chili Surprise” recipe. On July 9th, Lydia will join the other winners for a celebratory dinner at the The White House with Michelle Obama.
STATEMENT: “China and other countries continue to manipulate their currency in ways that make it harder for Hoosier manufacturers to compete. This unfair practice has weakened our country’s economic growth and has led to a loss of American jobs.  The Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act is an important step towards a balanced and more effective trade policy, and I’m proud to support it.  I urge my colleagues to take prompt action and pass into law this common sense, bipartisan solution to help level the playing field for American businesses and manufacturers in the global economy.” – Senator Donnelly
After a 13 month deployment in Afghanistan, I'd like to welcome home the Indiana Army Reserve's 384th Military Police Battalion.  Over 60 soldiers were greeted by family and friends at Fort Wayne's Memorial Coliseum Expo Center yesterday. Among those returning home were several new fathers, including Spc. Riley Carter who held his daughter Paisley for the first time. Thank you to the entire Battalion for your honorable service. -Joe
Each year, the Honor Flight network helps World War II veterans travel to Washington, D.C. to visit the many war memorials in our nation’s capital. Joe likes to meet with the Honor Flight participants coming from Indiana whenever he can, so he is able to thank the veterans for their service to our great nation. For more information on Honor Flight and its services, go to www.honorflight.org.
From supporting the first resolution in the Senate designating PTSD Awareness Month to introducing the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, Joe continues to advocate for mental health programs in our country’s Armed Services. In honor of PTSD Awareness Month, take part in the Department of Veterans Affairs’ “Take a Step” campaign, and let’s continue to help our nation’s heroes battling with PTSD or other related mental health issues.
Thanks to the Military Family Research Institute at Purdue University, now you can support servicemembers, veterans, and their families within your own community. Click on this link to receive more information.
The definition of full-time employment in the Affordable Care Act should reflect what most Americans think is full-time.  Right now, it is affecting the pocketbooks of some whose hours at work have been reduced.  Cutting hours results in families struggling to make ends meet, to provide an education for their children, and to save for the future. #40isfulltime
READ: Senator Donnelly’s statement on the House Farm Bill vote.
Yesterday, Senator Donnelly and Senator Susan Collins sent a letter to President Barack Obama to express their concerns about the definition of “full-time” in the #ACA, the uncertainty it creates for employers across the country, and to urge him to work with the employer community to offer transition relief without penalty. To read the letter in full, please click here. #40isfulltime
Today, Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins to introduce the Forty Hours is Full Time Act. Starting in 2014, the Affordable Care Act would require employers with more than 50 full-time employees to provide their full-time employees with basic-level health insurance or face a penalty. Under the law, full-time is defined as 30 hours per week.  Many Hoosiers, like many Americans, think 40 hours per week is full-time. Because of the 30 hour definition, some businesses, local governments, and school districts have chosen to cut their part-time employees’ hours so they are no longer considered “full time.” That’s why Joe and Sen. Collins introduced legislation to say #40isfulltime.
In case you missed it: Senator Donnelly joined Senator Susan Collins to introduce the Forty Hours is Full Time Act. #40isfulltime
Today, Joe will join Senator Susan Collins for a press conference to propose changes to the #AffordableCareAct. Learn more by clicking here.
In case you missed it, Evansville Courier & Press: Donnelly amends defense bill.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann designated Bedford and Richmond as 2013’s Stellar Communities in the state. Launched in 2011, this program helps local towns achieve their long-term goals for targeted areas in their community. The Stellar Communities program received national recognition last year with the Presidential Award for Innovation by the Council of State Community Development Agencies. Previous winners include North Vernon and Greencastle (2011) and Princeton and Delphi (2012). To learn more about this program, click here.
Read this op-ed from Senator Donnelly in Hoosier Ag Today about why the farm bill is good for Indiana.
Share this piece of good news with your friends. Today, the Indiana Fever and DePauw University Women's Basketball team met President Barack Obama in celebration of each of their championships. The Fever took home the WNBA championship in 2012 while the DePauw Tigers went 34-0 to claim the NCAA Division III Championship. Both teams were able to get a photo with the President. Below is the President standing with the Indiana Fever.
During the Senate Armed Services consideration of the annual defense authorization, Senator Donnelly made progress on improving military suicide prevention. Senator Donnelly also pushed to give more consideration to the cancellation of reserve component deployments, citing the story of the Indiana National Guard.    Seven of Senator Donnelly’s amendments were included in the defense bill.  Read about these amendments and other provisions in the bill of interest to Indiana, here.
Last night, Joe played in the Congressional Baseball Game, wearing his University of Indianapolis jersey.  Proceeds of the game went to various DC charities.  Tim Reithmiller, recent Taylor University graduate and Fort Wayne native, took this great photo of Joe at the plate.
As we mark Flag Day, let us remember and celebrate the freedoms our nation’s stars and stripes represent and honor those who protect these rights here and overseas every day. –Joe
Gearing up for the Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park.
On May 30 and 31, 2013, Senator Donnelly spoke with health care professionals and researchers, military and civilian support providers, servicemembers, and veterans to learn about what services are working, where there can be improvements, and to discuss his first bill, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2013. Named after Farmland, Indiana native Jacob Sexton, who tragically took his own life in 2009, this bill would establish a pilot program aimed to integrate mental health components into a servicemembers’ annual health assessment in an effort to better identify risk factors for mental illness so that service members can access preventative care.
Senator Donnelly wants to mark this June as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month, and here’s why.
6.12.13
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
In case you missed it, the Senate passed a bipartisan farm bill last night.
Some good news to share. In the past 18 months, South Bend Modern Molding has nearly doubled its employment to 130 workers, thanks to their use of recycled rubber.
Share this good news with your friends. For her positive attitude, good character, and impressive grades, Haley Franks was named Mitch’s Kids Statewide Youth of the Year for 2013.
Read Joe’s statement about why he voted in favor of the bipartisan farm bill.
After sweeping Florida State in a best of three series, Indiana Hoosiers Baseball Team have reached the College World Series for the first time in school history. Congrats on this achievement, Hoosiers, and good luck in Omaha. –Joe
Beautiful night at the ballpark. Enjoyed the opportunity to throw out the first pitch at the Indianapolis Indians game this evening. -Joe
Today, we remember our World War II heroes, including many Hoosiers, who landed on the French shores to fight on the beaches of Normandy. We will forever be indebted to them for the bravery they showed that day, 69 years ago. Please share the stories you have of family members or friends who were WWII vets and fought for the freedoms we have today. –Joe
“I am saddened to learn of the passing of my friend, the former Mayor of Gary, Rudy Clay.  Mayor Clay was a tireless leader for Gary and all of northwest Indiana, representing his community at the county, state, and city-wide level.  The thoughts and prayers of my family are with Mayor Clay’s family and friends.  He will be missed.” -Joe
MUST READ: Senator Donnelly signed a letter this week urging Barack Obama to find a solution for the Indiana families and orphans affected by the adoption ban in Russia. To read the letter in its entirety, click here.
In case you missed it, Richmond Palladium-Item: Donnelly discusses health issues with Richmond-area veterans.
Blue collar, gold swagger. Good luck tonight, Indiana Pacers. Beat the Heat.–Joe
“I’m very sorry about the loss of my colleague, Senator Frank R. Lautenberg.  His family will be in our thoughts and prayers.” –Joe
Earlier today in Nashville, Senator Donnelly delivered a commencement address at Brown County High School's graduation ceremony.
This morning, Joe participated in the Sunburst Marathon Starting Ceremony in South Bend. 1972 Olympic Gold Medalist Frank Shorter joined him for the starting pistol, signaling the beginning of the race.
In Muncie, Joe had lunch with the Sexton family.  Jacob Sexton, a military veteran, tragically took his own life in ’09. Joe named his first bill, the Sexton Act, after Jacob. The bill would improve suicide prevention efforts in the military. It establishes a pilot program to integrate mental health components into a service members’ annual health assessment.  Joe hopes this program could help soldiers like Jacob who need help during their service to their country.
Senator Donnelly began his day in Richmond with a visit to veterans at the American Legion Post 65. Joe wanted to hear from veterans about what services are working and where there can be improvements to mental health care programs for veterans.
I viewed Indiana military sexual trauma survivors' stories told on t-shirts this evening at the Clothesline Project at AmVets 99 in Indianapolis. No one serving our nation should have their dignity attacked. We support our survivors and stand with them. -Joe
In April, Joe introduced the Jacob Sexton Military Suicides Prevention Act of 2013, a bill that would establish a pilot program aimed to integrate mental health components into a servicemembers’ annual health assessment. Share this post with your friends if you are for protecting our nation’s heroes who risked their lives for the freedoms of our nation.
Traveling in beautiful Brown County. -Joe
Earlier, Joe met with members of Indiana National Guard for a roundtable discussion on military mental health in the state. While there, the Senator learned about the coordinated support given to Indiana National Guard members at the Tyndall Armory.
TODAY: Joe began his fourth state tour at Indiana University School of Medicine in Indianapolis where he met with Dr. Kubek to learn more about his research on a nasal spray that could help prevent suicidal thoughts among our soldiers. Joe is advocating for military suicide prevention and better military health care services for our servicemembers and veterans.
"I'm in Indy today, and I was asked what time it is. I said, 'It's time to Beat the Heat.'" -Joe
Joe spoke at the Goshen Memorial Day Ceremony this morning honoring the many men and women from Indiana who gave their lives fighting for our country.
This Memorial Day, I join all Americans as we celebrate the lives of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice while fighting for the many freedoms we enjoy in our great nation. -Joe
PHOTOS: Joe visited Elkhart and South Bend to kick off the Memorial Day weekend.
Share this good news about Hoosiers lending a helping hand to our friends in Oklahoma.
Share this post. VIDEO: “I look forward to working with our colleagues in the House on a farm bill that we can get signed into law. No one is going to get 100 percent of what they want, but it is 100 percent necessary to get this farm bill done.” – Senator Joe Donnelly
This afternoon, Joe and his wife, Jill, joined other Members of Congress and Vice President Joe Biden in honoring former University of Notre Dame President Fr. Ted Hesburgh on his 96th birthday.
PHOTO: Senator Donnelly advocating for a common sense, five-year farm bill that would help protect 190,000 existing Indiana ag jobs, preserve 19.4 million acres of land, and maintain the billions in economic impact that agriculture contributes to the State of Indiana.
Today, the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing to question IRS officials about the extremely troubling and absolutely unacceptable report that the IRS targeted conservative groups seeking nonprofit status.  I support my colleagues on the committee as they investigate this issue, and I look forward to hearing the results of the FBI’s investigation.  Those responsible must be held accountable, and this must not happen again.  -Joe
Hoosiers, you can support victims of the Moore, Oklahoma tornadoes. Visit www.redcross.org to find out how.
Senator Donnelly and Senator John Boozman introduced legislation that would allow for the creation of a Gulf War Memorial in Washington, D.C.  Over 60,000 Hoosiers served in Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, and Joe thinks we should demonstrate our appreciation for their bravery and sacrifice.
Today, Senator Donnelly moved into his office located in the Senate Hart Building. So next time you’re in the District, make sure to stop by, say hi, and let Joe show you some Hoosier Hospitality.  To arrange a tour of the Capitol, go to http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/visiting.
Share this good news with your friends. Over the weekend, Thomas Jefferson Middle School in Valparaiso and Munster High School placed in the top 20 in this year’s Science Olympiad National Tournament. The schools competed against 118 teams from across the country at Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio. This was Munster’s first trip and Thomas Jefferson’s 24th time to compete in this national tournament.
This evening, Joe spoke to students participating in the SeaPerch Challenge about the importance of STEM education.
Joe just stopped by Noblesville to meet with emergency management officials as they conducted a meeting to better prepare local food pantries for future natural disasters.
While pumping gas near Terre Haute this morning, I found you never know who's driving the car next to you. -Joe
Today, Senator Donnelly joined Senate colleagues in cosponsoring a bipartisan bill that would award a Congressional Gold Medal to World War II members of the Civil Air Patrol. For more information about the Civil Air Patrol, including its history, click on the link to this post.
Have you followed Senator Donnelly on Twitter? Click here and receive the all updates coming from his office. All tweets by Joe are signed “-Joe”.
For Hoosiers visiting D.C., Joe regularly hosts constituent coffees to bring together people from all over the state. This album highlights some of Joe's visitors.
Share this story with your friends. Hoosier Ag Today: Donnelly introduced an amendment, passed as part of the full bill, that would give the next generation of bioenergy crops access to base levels of risk management to help put a logical safety net in place for producers. http://www.hoosieragtoday.com/index.php/2013/05/14/senate-ag-committee-passes-new-farm-bill-2/
The Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 is a bipartisan bill that protects millions of ag jobs across the country and makes the tough decisions to cut spending, increase accountability, and eliminate duplicative or unnecessary programs to get our country’s fiscal house in order.
“I am pleased that the Senate Ag Committee has approved a common sense, five-year farm bill to give the Hoosier ag and rural communities the certainty they deserve.” –Joe
Senator Donnelly proposed an amendment to the farm bill that would help establish a common sense safety net for next generation bioenergy crops.
WATCH: Senator Donnelly and the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee begin consideration of the Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013, a five-year farm bill aimed to protect millions of ag jobs across the country.
To all mothers across Indiana, thank you for all you do and have a Happy Mother’s Day. –Joe
The SBA will open Disaster Centers beginning Tuesday, May 14th in Grant, Howard, Madison, and Tipton Counties to take questions and assist residents, small businesses, and non-profits with the disaster loan process.
Like this good news. In Fort Wayne, Deputy U.S. Marshal Tim Fraley received the Purple Heart for his extraordinary service and bravery with the U.S. Marshal Service. Senator Donnelly joined U.S. Attorney David Capp, Fort Wayne Police Chief Rusty York, U.S. Marshal Myron Sutton, and other attendees for the ceremony.
Photo taken in Afghanistan and courtesy of ISAF Leg Affairs.
NA
Joe led members of the Indiana delegation in inviting the Secretaries of Defense, Homeland Security, and State to observe the largest annual homeland security exercise, taking place this summer at Muscatatuck Urban Training Center in Butlerville, Indiana.
Like this photo. This morning, Senator Donnelly visited World War II veterans as they made their Honor Flight to Washington. Since 2005, the Honor Flight network has helped many World War II veterans visit the memorial in Washington, D.C. For more information on Honor Flight and how you can volunteer for this program, please visit their website at www.honorflight.org.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, Subaru announced a $400 million investment to build the Impreza small car at its Lafayette factory, adding an estimated 900 jobs by 2016.
Today, Joe and Senator Dan Coats ran into students from Avon’s Kingsway Christian School. Joe’s office can help you reserve a Capitol tour.  Click here for more information. - http://www.donnelly.senate.gov/help/visiting
As we’re celebrating National Teacher Day, share with Joe a story about your favorite Indiana teacher who helped change your life.
Share this post with your friends. On National Teacher Day, let us all show our appreciation to all teachers, like Suzanne Whitton, Indiana’s 2013 Teacher of the Year, by thanking them for all they do in our schools every day.
Senator Donnelly has a new website where by clicking here you can sign up for his e-newsletter, learn about how Joe's office can help you with federal agencies, or request a tour of the Capitol. Check it out today.
Senator Donnelly applauds U.S. Department of Agriculture announcement of Value-Added Producer Grants to Hoosiers.
Congratulations to Crown Point’s Tom Bettenhausen for being awarded the “Stars of Life” award by the American Ambulance Association. This award recognizes individuals who go above and beyond the normal call of duty for first responders. Share this good news with your friends, and let’s continue to celebrate accomplishment by all Hoosiers across the state.
With Senator Dan Coats, Senator Donnelly introduced the Farm Flexibility Act, which would give farmers more flexibility to plant fruit and vegetable crops to meet growing market demands.
Last week, Purdue University was announced a winner of the National Institute of Justice’s Body of Armor Challenge. For more information on this challenge and this award, click here.
The Journal Gazette: “U.S. Sen. Joe Donnelly called for an ‘opportunity agenda’ based on ‘Hoosier common sense’ to create American jobs" during his maiden speech last week on the Senate floor.
Share this post with your friends. Last week, Joe introduced his first bill, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2013, intended to help prevent military suicides. The bill would create a pilot program to add a mental health evaluation to the overall fitness assessment for servicemembers.
Reminder: Hoosiers can still report flood damage online through the Indiana Department of Homeland Security's website. This will help state officials determine whether to request federal assistance.  https://myoracle.in.gov/hs/damage/ia-public.do?method=active&incidentId=IA20130419121922
Did you miss Senator Donnelly’s maiden address to the Senate this week? Watch it in full on Joe’s YouTube page.
Today, Senator Donnelly introduced his first bill, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2013. Last year, our nation lost more servicemembers to suicide than we lost to combat in Afghanistan. This is unacceptable. This bill would create a pilot program integrating mental health assessments into a servicemember’s Periodic Health Assessment and involving first-line supervisors’ input to better identify risk factors and create a holistic picture of a servicemember’s readiness to serve.
Today, Senator Donnelly gave his maiden address on the Senate floor. Share this photo with your friends if you're for common sense policies that would develop local economies and create more good jobs.
In case you missed it – watch Senator Donnelly’s first full speech as U.S. Senator.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Donnelly talks job creation and the economy in his first speech as U.S. Senator.
Hoosier common sense is Joe’s approach to helping businesses and communities create more jobs and build their local economies. At approximately 12:45 PM, Senator Donnelly will give his first speech as U.S. Senator. Share this link with your friends, and click here to watch it live.
Tomorrow, Joe will give his first speech as U.S. Senator. Check back here soon for more details.
Congratulations to Westfield’s Shamrock Springs Elementary School for achieving a Top 15 honor in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star National Building Competition. By improving energy efficiency, lowering utility costs, and protecting public health and the environment, Shamrock Springs Elementary saw a 42.1% reduction in their energy use over the past year. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to pass good news to all Hoosiers across the state.
Share this good news with your friends. The USDA awarded South Bend’s McKinley Primary Center the Gold Award of Distinction in its U.S. Healthier Schools contest. McKinley and Mabel K. Holland Elementary School of Fort Wayne were the two Hoosier schools honored with this award.
Share this good news with your friends. Today, the U.S. Department of Education of announced Guion Creek Middle School from Indianapolis as a Green Ribbon School honoree. In its second year, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency joins the Department of Education in selecting schools that demonstrated the best ways to cut costs, improve health, performance and equity as they provide education geared toward the job of the future.
Last week, Grand Design RV announced plans to locate its headquarters to Middlebury, adding up to 500 new jobs by 2016. Share this good news with your friends, and let’s continue to promote good economic news around Indiana.
Joe joined the Mayor of Tipton and the Tipton EMA Director touring damage in several homes in their community this afternoon.  He encourages all Hoosiers to report damage to Indiana DHS: www.in.gov/dhs
For any damage claims from this week’s severe weather, register online with the Indiana Department of Homeland Security (IDHS) by clicking here. All information will be used to help local emergency officials and the IDHS preliminarily assess damage in your community and determine if federal assistance could be pursued. All Hoosiers are advised to stay tuned to local radio and television broadcasts for updated weather and safety information regarding any potential weather threats.
Yesterday, Joe met Indianapolis veteran Jonathan Winchester after he participated in the Wounded Warrior Soldier Ride around Washington. For the last seven years, the Wounded Warrior cycling event has helped raise awareness of our country’s wounded warriors who every day battle physical and emotional damages from their service. Share this photo with your friends and let’s continue to support our nation’s heroes in the Hoosier State.
Congratulations to Army Reserve combat medic and Winamac native Blayne Peterson for winning “Best Warrior Noncommissioned Officer of the Year” for AR-MEDCOM’s Best Warrior competition in Starke, Florida. The Best Warrior competition, created in 2002, highlights a competitor’s physical endurance, military knowledge, and mental perseverance in a competitive environment by measuring how well participants perform these tasks under stress. Peterson will now advance to the next level in the Best Warrior competition later this year.
Congratulations to Dick Lugar for being knighted by the British Empire last night for his work on US/UK relations.
Recognized for his support for pro-growth policies, Joe was honored with the Spirit of Enterprise Award by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce this afternoon.
Update from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security: Hoosiers who are having trouble contacting family in Boston can call 617-635-4500 to check on them.
Keeping everyone in Boston, including the many Hoosiers in town for the race, in my thoughts and prayers. –Joe
In April 2013, Senator Donnelly met with eighth grade students from Oak Hill Junior High during their four day visit to Washington, D.C.
As the Senate Agriculture Committee prepares to mark up its five-year Farm Bill, Joe met with Central Indiana's the ag community to hear about how he could advocate for the issues that are most important to Hoosier farmers.
With a $750,000 grant from 21st Century Community Learning Centers, after school academic programs will provide Kokomo students better opportunities to learn beyond the classroom. Share this good news with your friends, and let’s continue to promote better educational opportunities for Hoosier students.
In late March and early April of 2013, Senator Joe Donnelly participated in his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour, an eight-community tour of Indiana focused on meeting with business owners, educators, and other community leaders on the best ways he can help Hoosier businesses develop more jobs for hard-working families across the state.   On this tour, the Senator asked roundtable participants on how he, on the federal level, can help local efforts to further improve local economies and create more jobs in Indiana. His goal is that every Hoosier who wants a job has a job, so he wants to do all he can to help Indiana businesses create more job opportunities so we can get more Hoosiers back to work.
Good news to share from Elkhart. Drew Industries, an RV manufacturer, plans to move its company’s headquarters to the community, adding up to 800 new jobs. Share this news with your friends, and let’s continue to discuss more job opportunities across the Hoosier State.
Hoosier women make 75 cents to every dollar a man earns on the job. This is unfair to not only women but also entire families who work hard every day for their American Dream. Share this post if you are for equal pay opportunities for all workers.
Today marks Equal Pay Day, the day we remember the wage gap women face in the workplace and continue to advocate for better, bipartisan solutions in the effort for economic equality.
“In recent years, our country has been involved in an important discussion on the issue of marriage equality. While serving in the House of Representatives, I had the opportunity to act on a core belief of mine: we are a stronger country when we draw on the strengths of all Americans. I voted to repeal ‘don't ask, don't tell’ and was an original supporter of the bill that would make it illegal to discriminate against someone in the workplace because of their sexual orientation. It is also for that reason that I oppose amending either Indiana’s or our nation’s constitution to enshrine in those documents an ‘us’ and a ‘them,’ instead of a ‘we.’ With the recent Supreme Court arguments and accompanying public discussion of same-sex marriage, I have been thinking about my past positions and votes. In doing so, I have concluded that the right thing to do is to support marriage equality for all.”  -Joe
Finishing up Hoosier JobsRoots, Joe met with small business leaders in Terre Haute for a jobs roundtable where they discussed what the city needs to create more jobs for Hoosier families. Share this post if you agree with Joe’s approach to using common sense legislation to bring better economic opportunities back home.
Joining community leaders from around Evansville, Joe started the final day of his Hoosier JobsRoots tour at the Southwest Indiana Chamber of Commerce where they discussed how they could develop the local economy in Southern Indiana.
NA
Share this post with your friends. Earlier, Joe talked about local job creation with community leaders from New Albany because he, as senator, wants to do all he can to develop local economies and produce more jobs for hard-working Hoosiers.
In Lawrenceburg, Senator Donnelly began the second leg of Hoosier JobsRoots where he met with business owners about how he could help them develop the economy in their community.
Congratulations to former Purdue University basketball coach Gene Keady for being elected to National Collegiate Basketball’s Hall of Fame. Boiler Up!
Last year, Elkhart County led the nation in job growth, increasing employment by 6.9 percent. Share this with your friends if you like good economic news.
And more good news for Hoosier workers. The Standard Register Company, a printing firm located in Shelbyville, released plans to build a new facility in Jeffersonville and add 360 new jobs to the community by 2016. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to support good economic news in Indiana.
There’s more good news to share. Celadon Group, an Indianapolis trucking company, announced plans to build a 61,000 sq. ft. driver’s school, adding up to 182 jobs by 2016. “Like” this post if you are for more Hoosier jobs.
This afternoon, Joe met with Noblesville Mayor John Ditslear and other central Indiana business leaders to discuss the best ways to get more Hoosiers back to work. This visit wraps up the first half of Joe’s Hoosier JobsRoots tour discussing job creation on the grassroots level.
In Fort Wayne, Joe continued his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour when he met with community leaders at Fort Wayne’s Chamber of Commerce.
Joe’s next stop is in Lafayette for his second Hoosier JobsRoots roundtable with local business owners at the Wabash National Corporation.
Joe wants to help businesses create more jobs so more Hoosiers can get back to work. In Gary this morning, he began his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour where he met with business owners and community leaders about how he could help them get more jobs to Indiana.
NA
Starting Monday, Joe begins his “Hoosier JobsRoots” tour and will ask businesses and community leaders about ways he can help them create more jobs so more Hoosiers can get back to work.
Today, Joe continued his advocacy for the AMERICA Works Act with a discussion hosted by Center Forward in Washington, D.C. Senator Donnelly wants to help bridge the skills gap and provide workers the training and education needed to fill the jobs demanded by employers now. Share this post if you agree, and let's continue to fight for more jobs in the Hoosier State.
Check out Joe’s NCAA tournament bracket. He thinks all teams from Indiana have a good chance at going far in this year’s Big Dance.
This morning, Joe met with eighth grade students from Michigan City’s Notre Dame Catholic Grade School as they began their tour around our nation’s capital.
Today is National Ag Day. Read more about Joe’s priorities as member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and his hope to pass a long-term bill for the Hoosier ag community.
Each week, Senator Donnelly and his staff in Indiana and D.C. meet with constituents from across the Hoosier State. From meetings with Indiana organizations to Hoosier families visiting Washington, D.C., Joe invites all Hoosiers to visit his office. This album highlights Joe and some of his visitors.
With a $2 million investment, Smith Brothers Furniture plans to add at least 20 jobs and expand their new facility. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to spread good economic news across Indiana.
DuPont Pioneer Seed announced this week their plans for a $13.8 million investment in Tipton which includes adding 20 new jobs and expanding their facility by 20,800 square feet. Share this with your friends if you’re for good news about great Hoosier jobs.
If you’re having difficulty with a VA claim or GI benefits, please call Sen. Donnelly’s office at 317-226-5555.
Read Joe’s letter on his commitment to the Veterans History Project.
According to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, there are nearly 500,000 veterans in Indiana, and they need our help and support. Share this post if you agree.
I’m focused on ensuring that veterans earn the benefits they earned and that we appropriately honor their sacrifices. – Sen. Joe Donnelly
Congratulations goes to the Indianapolis International Airport for being named the best airport in the United States by the Airports Council International - North America. This is the second time IND has earned this award with the first time occurring in 2010.
Today, Thor Industries, Inc. announced increased quarterly revenues for the fiscal year due to strong sales in the RV industry. In the second quarter, Thor’s RV sales were $636.6 million, up 27 percent from the year before, and total sales reached $741.6 million, up 24 percent from last year. As we continue to rebuild from the recession four years ago, good news like Thor’s is a sign of a recovering economy and a country that’s back on track. Like this post, and let’s continue to share good news happening to Hoosiers in Indiana.
Suicide prevention programs and treatment facilities must be ready to help soldiers and veterans who carry more than visible scars. Joe, as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, wants to work with the Department of Defense by promoting awareness of existing mental health programs and developing additional initiatives geared to help members of our armed services receive the treatment they have earned. To seek help, servicemembers, veterans, or anyone struggling with mental health issues can call the Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 800-273-TALK (8255) 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
In recent Senate Armed Services Committee hearings, Joe has placed mental health as a top priority, asking about ways the country can provide our nation’s heroes with the support they’ve earned both during and after their return from duty. Last year, the number of military suicides surpassed combat casualties in Afghanistan, and suicides in the U.S. Army reached the highest total since 1993. As your Senator, Joe will work with the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs to advocate for awareness of existing mental health programs and ways to improve the services we provide to servicemembers and veterans.
An estimated 600,000 American jobs are currently unfilled because employers cannot find workers who have the skills needed. The America Works Act would help close the skills gap by prioritizing educational and training programs that lead to these in-demand skills.  This would be a benefit for both workers and employers, as workers will know that the time they spend training will be more likely to lead to employment in a well-paying job, and employers will be more likely to hire folks that they know have the training they need to be productive on day one. Joe helped introduce this bill because it’s common sense legislation that would help the economy and Hoosier families back home.
During his “Closing the Skills Gap Tour,” Joe met with employers, educators, workers, and students about the importance of preparing Hoosiers with the skills employers need now and how Indiana can meet the demand for high-skilled jobs that are currently unfilled. Today, Sen. Donnelly joined Sens. Hagan and Heller in introducing the America Works Act, a bipartisan bill designed to provide training and educational programs to workers who want to develop the skills needed for these open positions. Read the full bill here and share this post if you’re for responsible, common sense solutions in Washington.
Today begins National Severe Weather Preparedness Week, and for what could be a dangerous weather season, an effective plan for your household could help you if severe weather hits your area. Do you know your plan? Share this link with your friends and create the best plan with your family in case severe weather threatens your community.
“The recovery of Southern Indiana, in towns like Henryville and New Pekin, Maryville and Borden, is a challenge to us all to be our brother’s keeper.  The people and communities impacted by this terrible storm will remain in my thoughts and prayers as they continue to rebuild.” - Sen. Joe Donnelly
“They said this day would never come, but we made the tough choices necessary to save Hoosier jobs, and now Chrysler is stronger in north central Indiana than they were before the auto rescue. I won’t rest until every Hoosier who wants a job, has a job. The recovery of Chrysler, Kokomo, and our American auto industry has led our national recovery, and the lesson is clear:  never bet against the American worker.” - Sen. Joe Donnelly
With the help of the House of Representatives, the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) has passed and will now be sent to the President’s desk to be signed into law.  I’m proud to have been a cosponsor of this common sense bill as survivors of domestic abuse, sexual assault, and stalking can soon receive the protections they deserve. As your Senator, I will continue to advocate for meaningful legislation, like VAWA, that will help Hoosier families back home. –Joe
Our nation’s armed services could hurt the most under the sequester cuts. Camp Atterbury, for instance, would see an estimated $1.4 million reduction in funding for the base, and Crane Naval Service Warfare Center would experience an estimated $36 million cut. Indiana could suffer an estimated $133 million economic loss because of the Army’s cuts.  Joe’s ready for Washington to act with some common sense and make thoughtful, not indiscriminate cuts. Share this post with your friends if you’re for a bipartisan solution for balancing our nation’s budget.
If the sequester cuts go into place, Indiana would see reductions in FEMA grants that assist our state’s firefighters and first responders with the resources and personnel they need to protect our communities. There would be fewer inspections for foodborne illnesses and funding would be cut for childhood immunization grants, preventing an estimated 2,770 children from accessing vaccinations from the world’s most dangerous diseases. Senator Donnelly wants to work with lawmakers from both parties to balance the budget without putting citizens’ health at risk.
Under the sequester, Indiana education would see a $32.3 million reduction in funding, putting 339 jobs at risk including 190 teachers and aides. Head Start funding would be cut by $6 million and close to 1,000 students would lose access to this early education program. Joe would prefer a more thoughtful approach to reducing spending: let’s identify which programs are not working rather than cut indiscriminately.
Yesterday, Joe, Senator Dan Coats, and the rest of the Indiana congressional delegation met with Governor Mike Pence in Washington, D.C. where they discussed ways to bring bipartisan, common sense legislation back home to the Hoosier State.
The American people deserve a Congress that is willing to work together to get things done.  We are faced with the looming sequestration because lawmakers were unable to work with one another to find common ground on a broad initiative to get our fiscal house in order.  It is time for members of both parties to set politics aside and find ways to significantly reduce spending, close unnecessary tax loopholes, and better balance the budget.  Those are my priorities in any package moving forward. –Joe
On February 18-20, 2013, Senator Joe Donnelly conducted a “Closing the Skills Gap Tour” next week where visited with employers, educators, and workers across four communities to discuss how Indiana could meet the need for high-skill jobs currently have gone unfilled. Due to the skills gap, an estimated 600,000 high-skill jobs across the country remain vacant. Following this visit, Senator Donnelly will advocate for Congress to pass common sense legislation that would create more effective training and educational programs for workers that matched the skills needed for these available jobs.
Need FAFSA help? Join other Hoosier families on February 24 for College Goal Sunday. In its 24th year this free program will help students and family members navigate through the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) process. More than 88,000 Indiana students and families have received help obtaining their financial aid through College Goal Sunday. This year’s deadline is March 10. For further information and to find which location is closest to you, please click this link attached.
Some more good news to share with Hoosiers. This week, First Internet Bank announced the expansion of its operations in Fishers. With its $4.3 million investment, a new location and close to 48 jobs will be added to the community. Like this post, and let’s continue to spread good economic news to everyone across the state.
I want to wish Bobby Ellis the best of luck as he enters retirement following his work with the Evansville Courier & Press. After 53 years of service to Evansville, Bobby’s strong work ethic and service to the community is truly inspiring and one that will be missed to his customers, friends and coworkers. – Joe
Finishing up Day Two of “Closing the Skills Gap Tour,” Joe met with ROTC students at Indiana State University and took a tour of the College of Technology. There, Sen. Donnelly saw how students are learning innovative and efficient skills employers need for the high demand jobs that are currently available in the workforce.
Joe just wrapped up a lunch with students and professors from Ivy Tech Community College - Southwest where he spoke about closing the skills gap with common sense legislation from Washington. Community colleges like Ivy Tech could directly benefit with the skills gap programs as students would learn the skills employers need to fill these vacant jobs. Share this post with your friends if you’re for bridging the skills gap and providing Hoosiers with better opportunities to find the jobs they want.
For Day 2 of Joe’s “Closing the Skills Gap Tour,” Sen. Donnelly began his day with the tour of Jeffboat, the nation’s largest inland shipbuilding facility. Jeffboat’s commitment to innovation in manufacturing and engineering in marine design construction has allowed the company to remain successful for close to 70 years. With this tour, Joe wants to share his commitment toward providing the best training programs possible so future workers can match the skills demanded by employers like Jeffboat.
Today, Joe began his “Closing the Skills Gap” tour across the state with a visit to Eli Lilly and Company where he participated in a round table discussion with company leaders about closing the skills gap.  Joe will also receive the “NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence” for his continued advocacy to bringing more job opportunities in the Hoosier State.
Next week, Sen. Donnelly will kick off his “Closing the Skills Gap Tour” and address the need for common sense legislation that would create more effective training and educational programs for Hoosier workers back home. In this three-day, five-community tour, Joe will meet with employers, educators, and workers and discuss his goal to bring bipartisan support for a bill that will allow workers to match the skills needed for available  jobs. Share this post if you’re for creating better career opportunities for Hoosiers, and check back here to see photos and more information on Joe’s tour.
I want to thank Fort Wayne native Lieutenant Colonel Dan Gilbert for joining me this Tuesday for the President’s State of the Union address. Dan’s career in the US Armed Forces carries many achievements, and I thank him for his service, bravery, and dedication to our country. –Joe
Hoosier native Anngie Steinbarger testified for Joe’s first @Senate Agriculture Committee hearing this morning and spoke about her family’s experiences during last year’s drought. Because of crop insurance, Anngie and her family were able to manage their farm through the worst drought Hoosier farmers have seen in recent memory. As senator, Joe will continue to advocate for Hoosier farmers, like Anngie, for common sense laws that will provide robust support for our producers when they need it, but are also fiscally responsible.
Joe voted YES for VAWA because it is a common sense bill that protects Hoosiers back home. Everyone, no matter who they are, deserves equal protections against violence in this country.
Joe voted for the Violence Against Women Act because we need to stand up for all survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking. 27 out of every 100,000 Hoosiers have been raped, and with VAWA, these survivors will receive the protection they deserve.
Some good news to share with your friends this week. Valeo, a leading global manufacturer, announced plans to expand operations at its Greensburg location. With this $15.5 million investment, an estimated 200 jobs will be added or retained by 2014. This production site is one of 16 around the country, and with this announcement, we’re looking forward to more Hoosiers receiving the jobs that they desire most. Like this post and let’s continue to spread good economic news throughout Indiana.
In a few hours, President Obama will deliver his State of the Union address at the Capitol. Here are a few issues Joe hopes President Obama will focus on this year.
Tonight, Joe is honored to have Fort Wayne native Lieutenant Colonel Dan Gilbert join him for the President’s State of the Union address at the Capitol. LTC Gilbert is a member of the @Indiana National Guard, which is the 4th largest in the nation for the @US Army National Guard.  As a part of the 219th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade of the Indiana National Guard, LTC Gilbert was deployed to Iraq to serve in Operation New DawnShare this post with your friends and learn more about the 219th Brigade.
As Congressman, Joe wrote an op-ed advocating for closing the existing skills gap in our country. Sen. Donnelly will work to modify programs to provide certifications that are in high demand by manufacturers. Workers can be trained for high-skilled, good-paying jobs and more Americans can get back to work. As your Senator, Joe wants to build bipartisan support for this and other common sense legislation. “Share” this post with your friends, and tell your friends to support Joe for bringing common sense ideas to Washington.
During Joe’s “I Work for You” tour, Indiana job creators told Sen. Donnelly that they wanted to hire, but there are not enough workers with the training they need. In our state, we need to close the skills gap and get hard-working Hoosiers back on the job. As Senator, Joe will fight to prioritize top-of-the-line training and educational programs that are in high demand from the industry. “Share” this post with your friends on Facebook if you are for common sense legislation and better job opportunities for Hoosiers.
Hoosier astronaut Kevin Ford will participate in video call with the Indiana State Senate. You can watch, too. Click here at 1:50 PM to see the call happen LIVE.
After “I Work for You”, the one thing Joe heard throughout the tour was the number of good jobs available that are often left unfilled. Currently, it’s estimated that there are over 600k jobs in the U.S. that are vacant because workers don’t receive the right training to fill these positions. In our still-challenging economy, Sen. Donnelly knows that we must act together and help fix this skills gap problem. As Senator, Joe will work to bring common sense legislation to training and education programs so workers who want these jobs can earn the good-paying opportunities they deserve. “Share” this with your friends if you’re for bridging the skills gap and bringing good jobs to hard-working Hoosiers.
This morning, I am honored to bring Pastor David Alan Hampton with me to the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Pastor Hampton is currently the senior pastor at one of the largest churches in Indianapolis, Light of the World. To watch the event, go to CSPAN 2 or simply click on the link to this post. The breakfast begins at 8 AM, and I hope you can join us. -Joe
This week, the University of Notre Dame received top rankings from the Peace Corps for outstanding alumni service across the globe. Notre Dame has 23 active members of the Peace Corps representing the organization abroad. Share this post with your friends and let’s continue to honor Hoosiers who commit to public service in the U.S. and around the world.
Tomorrow, Hoosier astronaut and Notre Dame alum Kevin Ford will participate in a 20 minute question and answer session via a long distance video call to members of the Indiana State Senate. This event will be shown on the chamber’s main video board and will be streamed over the Senate’s website. Schools from across the state are invited to watch. For tomorrow’s video stream, please visit the link attached to this post.
More good news to share. Today, FEMA awarded the Indianapolis Fire Department with a $4 million grant to hire 30 new officers for the city. If new hires are veterans, the grant will pay an extra year’s worth of salary to keep them on staff. This is great news for all Hoosiers, and Joe and his staff will continue to spread good news like this to you online. Share this post and let’s keep your friends engaged as we continue with this economic recovery.
Here’s a good Super Bowl ad. During his “I Work for You” tour, Joe visited @Cummins where on the shop floor, they make the engines for the Dodge Ram. At the end of the visit, Joe offered to help, but they told him that they’d pass. Share this with your friends if you enjoyed this commercial too.
Today, Rosa Parks would have turned 100. We honor her commitment to civil rights as she will forever be remembered as a leader for equality and better opportunities for all Americans. Share this post with your friends, and let’s continue to support her legacy as we celebrate Black History Month.
There’s still more work to do, but here’s another sign of our economic recovery. On Friday, GM released its best sales numbers since 2008. With 194,699 vehicles sold, production is up 16 percent from last year, and more American workers are creating great American products. As your senator, Joe will continue to advocate for good opportunities back in the Hoosier State. If you like this good news, share it with your friends here on Facebook.
Share this with your friends if you are rooting for the Hoosiers. Joe and Jill are at Assembly Hall cheering on IU.
Share this good news with your friends and family. Accelerated Tanks and Trailers plans to open a new 100K square foot plant that will create 300 jobs in Fort Wayne by 2016. These jobs will help hard-working middle class Hoosier families achieve their own version of the American Dream. As your U.S. Senator, Joe will continue to advocate for common sense laws that will bring more jobs to Indiana.
“I am pleased to add my name to the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act because we need to stand up for all survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking.  For almost two decades, this legislation helped safeguard a woman’s fundamental right to be safe from violence and, in those terrible instances when violence was perpetrated, to seek justice.  I hope Democrats and Republicans can come together to pass this straightforward bill that would allow us to further improve our community and criminal justice-based responses to these unacceptable, violent acts.” - Sen. Joe Donnelly
Joe wants you to know about the good economic news around the Hoosier State. Four years ago, Elkhart, the RV Capital of the World, was hit with high unemployment. Today, it was announced that RV shipments rose 13.2 percent last year, the industry’s best year since 2008. There’s still a long way to go to reach a full economic recovery, but Joe wants to share good news like this as he works for even more good-paying jobs for Hoosiers.  Share this post with your friends as Joe continues to advocate for common sense legislation every day as your U.S. Senator.
Today, Joe received a piece of Senate history when he was told his new desk once belonged to Senators Edward Kennedy, Charles Goodell, Vance Hartke, and Richard Lugar. Joe is looking forward to continuing their efforts to find common sense solutions in a bipartisan way.
This morning, Joe took part in the annual Granger Food Drop where five churches and community leaders donated close to 8,000 boxes of food across Michiana. Volunteers worked together to load close to 100,000 lbs of food in trucks that will reach communities from Elkhart and South Bend to LaPorte and Middlebury. A big thanks goes to Granger Community Church, South Gate Church, and Waypoint Church for coordinating this annual event. "Share" this post with your friends and let's always help Hoosiers in need.
“I am a strong supporter of the Keystone XL oil pipeline. My work will not be done until every Hoosier who wants a job has a job, and the Keystone XL pipeline means jobs for American families and energy security for our country.  The concerns President Obama cited when he originally denied a permit for the Keystone pipeline have been met, and he should allow the project to move forward.” – Sen. Joe Donnelly
Yesterday, Culver Academies's Black Horse Troop marched for Indiana in the 57th Presidential Inauguration Parade. Beginning in 1897, the horse brigade has represented Culver Academies and the state of Indiana for presidents and many other leaders across the world. This tradition continued on Monday, and we’re honored to have had them march for Hoosiers in Washington. If you agree, “Like” this and “Share” with your friends here on Facebook.
With Gov. Mike Pence at his side, Joe celebrated the creation of more Hoosier jobs with the opening of Greenville Technology, Inc. in Anderson, Indiana.
In case you missed it: This week, Senator Donnelly crisscrossed Indiana for his “I Work for You” tour where he met with and listened to Hoosiers from educational, industrial, and ag communities.
We are excited to announce the new website for Senator Joe Donnelly’s office. From reading the latest news about Joe to emailing him your opinion, this website is the place for you.
Earlier, Joe met with students from Hammond Academy Of Science & Technology (HAST) and learned from our state’s future leaders in sciences and technology. "Share" this photo with your friends and tell them to "Like" Joe as he advocates for a quality and affordable education for all Hoosiers.
On the 16th stop of his "I Work for You" tour, Joe visited with farmers from the Valparaiso area.
It’s the fourth and final day of Joe’s “I Work for You” tour. Beginning at Data Realty in South Bend, Indiana and ending in Lafayette, Indiana, Joe will listen to Hoosiers for common sense ideas that he can bring back to Washington.
Our nation’s heroes are at their strongest when they are equipped with the best. Earlier today, Joe arrived at Raytheon in Fort Wayne, Indiana where he toured the facility and met with the workers who produce the best equipment for our soldiers here at home and around the world. “Share” this with your friends and tell them to “Like” Joe for supporting our country's armed forces.
Making his way from Indianapolis, Joe is ready to kick off Day 3 of his “I Work For You” tour in Anderson where he’ll begin his day at Mofab Inc.
Next stop: Indianapolis where Joe will visit workers at Allison Transmission, tour the facility, and listen to their ideas on how to keep hard-working Hoosiers on the job. #WorkforYou
Today, Joe started Day Two of his “I Work For You” tour at Jasper Transmissions in Jasper. “Share” this post with your friends and tell them they have a leader who will work for hard-working Hoosier families every day in Washington. #WorkforYou
Continuing his “I Work For You” tour, Joe toured the Vehicle Service Group facility in Madison and listened to workers’ suggestions on how to bring jobs to the Hoosier State. “Share” this with your friends and let them know Joe will fight for what’s best for hard-working families.
Today, Senator Donnelly began the “I Work for You” tour, a 4-day journey where he will reach out to Hoosiers and listen to what they want done to change Washington and bring some common sense to the Capital. Follow Joe this week and “Share” the trip with your friends here on Facebook. #WorkForYou
Next week, Senator Donnelly will visit 18 communities across Indiana as part of his “I Work for You” tour. Joe wants to listen to you and hear your ideas so he can bring Hoosier common sense to Washington. “Share” this message with your friends and tell them to “Like” Joe for standing with hard-working Hoosiers.
Friends, do you follow Joe on Twitter? Follow @SenDonnelly today and catch the latest news coming from Joe and his office. #FollowJoe
Hoosiers: @Senator Joe Donnelly has joined Instagram. Follow him today @SenDonnelly and look for some great photos of Joe as Indiana’s U.S. Senator.
NA
Thanks to Sen. Evan Bayh, Sen. Birch Bayh, and all supporters back home for making yesterday memorable. - Photo courtesy of Matthew Lehner
Sen. Donnelly promised he’d fight for Hoosier families and their values while in Washington. Yesterday, Joe took one step closer in fulfilling this promise as he was sworn in as Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. “Like” this page and receive all upcoming news on Senator Joe and his fight for Hoosiers in D.C. - Photo courtesy of Matthew Lehner.
Today at 12 PM ET, don’t miss Sen-elect Donnelly be sworn in as the next U.S. Senator for the Hoosier State. “Like” Joe on Facebook to receive updates on Joe and his promise to bring Hoosier values back to Washington, D.C.
Follow Joe from the beginning. “Like” Joe on Facebook to receive the latest video, photos, and news on Sen-elect Donnelly and his promise to put Hoosier values back in Washington.
NA
