Warm wishes for a Merry Christmas from my family to yours!
I hope you’re all enjoying a peaceful Christmas Eve with your loved ones. Have a blessed night!
Took a break from Christmas shopping this afternoon to play Johnny B. Goode with Santa in Carytown.
The holiday season is a time to reflect and be grateful for all the blessings we have. I want to thank our servicemembers who selflessly sacrifice so that we can enjoy our blessings with our loved ones. Please join me to extend our warmest wishes to all military families this holiday season.   Watch my holiday greeting to our servicemembers then LIKE and SHARE to thank them for their sacrifice and wish them a joyous holiday season!
Today, the President signed my bipartisan battlefield protection bill into law. This is important for the Commonwealth because Virginia is home to battlefields on which American soldiers gave their last full measure of devotion to bring about the nation we know today. Passage of this legislation helps preserve that land, allowing future generations to visit and reflect on our history. While it would be worth passing this legislation on that basis alone, battlefield preservation also helps drive local economies in small towns and helps preserve the rural character of fast-growing communities in our Commonwealth. I applaud my colleague Senator Cochran and our House partners Congressmen Wittman and Holt for the bipartisan cooperation that led to passage of this bill.
Today, I toured the Wallops Flight Facility launch pad and met with stakeholders to discuss progress on repairs.
Haul out the holly and put up the tree! Mount Rogers Tree Farm in Grayson County has brought Christmas cheer to our office.
I want to wish my great friend Mark Warner a very happy 60th birthday. Mark has achieved tremendous success in life and it is inspiring to watch him use his success and unique skills to help others. I have learned a lot from him on how to be a better public servant and I wish him many more years of health and strength so that we can continue serving the Commonwealth of Virginia together.
Today, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted to advance an Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) against ISIL that includes key limitations I advocated on ground troops and duration. After more than four months of U.S. military action against ISIL, I'm proud that we finally did our job in committee and put our thumbprint on this mission. By standing up and saying this mission is worth it, we send an important message to the servicemembers we've already asked to risk their lives. Now it's time for the full Senate to vote on this authorization. We should not be adjourning for the year until that vote happens.
Today, the U.S. Department of Education announced that Virginia will receive a $17.5 million Preschool Development Grant to increase access to early childhood education through the Virginia Preschool Initiative. In October, I wrote a letter to the Department of Education urging the department to award the grant to Virginia.  Learn more here:
I enjoyed attending the portrait unveiling of Bernardo de Galvez, the governor of Spanish-controlled Louisiana who helped American revolutionaries by defeating the British in Florida and allowing colonial troops access to the Mississippi River as a critical supply line. This event was a great reminder and celebration of America's Hispanic roots.
Watch my discussion with Chris Cuomo on New Day on upcoming hearing and committee vote to authorize the mission against ISIL.
Read my op-ed on why Virginia's Indian tribes deserve federal recognition: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/commonwealth-connection/tribes-deserve-recognition
Today, I met with founder and President of the Veteran Artist Program, BR McDonald, to view the art exhibit I am sponsoring in the Capitol and discuss ways the program supports veteran artists. The art exhibit features Virginia-based artists from Arlington, Norfolk, Virginia Beach and Barboursville. Take a look at some of the art pieces here:
Wishing everyone a #HappyThanksgiving! I'm thankful for our servicemembers who sacrifice to keep us safe. What are you thankful for today?
It was an honor to interview John Napolitano, a former United States Marine Corps Corporal, for the Veterans History Project. You can watch the full interview here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lv5MXRSgIU&list=UU27LgTZlUnBQoNEQFZdn9LA
I am thankful to State Senator John Watkins for his 34 years of service and willingness to work across the aisle for the benefit of the Commonwealth. He has been my State Senator for many years and has represented us very well.
Secretary Hagel has led the Department of Defense through an extremely challenging time in our nation’s history, including a severely constrained fiscal environment. He has been a strong advocate for military servicemembers and their families, ensuring the U.S. Armed Forces have the resources they need to respond to contingencies at home and around the globe. He also played a significant role this year in building a robust international coalition to combat ISIL and has helped lay the groundwork for a smooth transition in Afghanistan. I also thank Secretary Hagel for standing up for our nation’s veterans at every opportunity.
After hearing from Virginians who are battling black lung disease and haven’t received the benefits they deserve from their employers, I joined a group of Senators to introduce a bill to help level the playing field for miners with this disease, which is caused by inhaling coal dust over an extended period of time. Federal law requires that coal companies compensate disabled miners who contract black lung, but employers routinely deploy an array of unfair tactics to avoid paying miners the benefits they deserve.   The Black Lung Benefits Improvement Act of 2014 reforms the black lung benefits programs by improving miners’ access to medical evidence of their health and higher quality, timely assistance from the program. This bill will help to end many of the setbacks that people suffering from black lung disease encounter in the current benefits system and will provide care and comfort to those who need it.   To learn more about the Black Lung Benefits Improvement Act of 2014, click here:  http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases
En junio de 2013, tuve el orgullo de votar a favor de un proyecto de ley bipartidista, que al ser aprobado, tomaría medidas importantes para reparar nuestro quebrantado sistema migratorio. Después de casi un año y medio de inacción de la Cámara de Representantes, apoyo la decisión del presidente Obama de tomar medidas dentro de su autoridad ejecutiva para arreglar algunos de los problemas que nuestro proyecto de ley bipartidista intento reparar-incluyendo el fortalecimiento de la seguridad fronteriza, cambios a nuestro sistema de visas y alivio adicional para millones de familias que viven clandestinamente en este país, pero anhelan regirse por las reglas mediante el pago de impuestos y verificaciones de antecedentes penales. Todos los presidentes desde Eisenhower han tomado acción ejecutiva para abordar asuntos migratorios. Esta acción es sólo un primer paso. Quedan muchos asuntos que sólo el Congreso puede abordar. Espero poder trabajar con mis colegas en la Cámara y el Senado para lograrlo.
In June 2013, I was proud to cast my vote in support of bipartisan legislation that would take major steps to fix our broken immigration system. After nearly a year and a half of inaction from the House, I support President Obama’s decision to take action within his executive authority to address some of the problems our bipartisan Senate bill set out to fix – including much-needed improvements to border security, updates to our visa system and additional relief for families who live in the shadows but want to play by the rules by paying taxes and submitting to criminal background checks.  Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues. Still, this is only a first step. Many issues remain that can only be fixed through congressional action. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House and Senate to get this done.
Now more than ever, Americans need a Surgeon General with the right combination of experience to address the modern day public health threats we face. Dr. Vivek Murthy, President Obama's nominee for Surgeon General, is a well-qualified physician and public health leader who has what it takes to be the nation's top doctor. That’s why he has the support of hundreds of health organizations and former Surgeons General. Throughout his entire career, he’s worked to improve the health and well-being of communities. Today I met with Dr. Vivek Murthy and I’m proud to support his nomination. I urge my Senate colleagues to swiftly confirm his nomination so he can begin working on behalf of the American people.
Today, I went to the Senate floor to make the case against the Keystone XL Pipeline. You can watch my full speech below. LIKE and SHARE if you agree that the Senate made the right choice tonight because #KeystoneXL is not in our economic, national security or environmental interest.
Heading to the Senate floor to make the case against #KeystoneXL. Watch my speech live here http://www.c-span.org/video/?322766-2/us-senate-keystone-xl-pipeline-debate&live
Today, I will go to the Senate floor to make the case for why approving the Keystone XL Pipeline is not in our national interest. This pipeline would transport tar sands oil, which is 15-20% dirtier than conventional oil. We need to continue the transition from dirty energy to cleaner energy – quickly enough to preempt serious harm to the climate, while allowing enough time for our economy to adjust. This is particularly relevant in Virginia where drastic increases in sea level rise pose major danger to the Hampton Roads economy and the center of American naval power.   Keystone XL would take us in the opposite direction of where we need to go, which is generating cleaner energy tomorrow than we do today.   You can watch my Senate floor speech at 4:15 PM:
On this Veterans Day, we honor the service of every generation of American veterans – the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much to protect our nation and promote the values we hold dear. We also pay tribute, after 13 years of war, to all those who have served in the military since September 11, 2001. I am deeply grateful for their service.
It was such an honor to speak at the United States Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington for the 239th birthday of the Corps with many distinguished guests, including General Dunford, the Commandant of the Marine Corps. The Marines have played a critical role in defending the United States since the American Revolution and we remain grateful for their courageous service.
Hampton Roads is a low-lying coastal region where sea level rise, land subsidence, and extreme weather vulnerability converge to create major flooding challenges. This summer, Old Dominion University unveiled a two-year pilot program aimed at coordinating the response to the challenges that sea level rise and recurrent flooding pose to the Hampton Roads region. I’m urging federal support for ODU’s pilot program because it’s time to tackle the complex issue of sea level rise. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1qrQAII
This week, Senator Angus King and I returned from a nine-day trip across the Middle East and South Asia that included stops in India, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Qatar. During our travel we met with top government officials, economic leaders and civil society members from across this critical region. You can learn more about our trip by clicking this link: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/kaine-concludes-trip-to-india-afghanistan-pakistan-and-qatar-
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of the Commonwealth: http://1.usa.gov/1sP1CxG
NA
In letting the Fourth Circuit's decision stand, the #SupremeCourt has given loving couples across the Commonwealth the freedom to marry. I join countless Virginians in celebrating the end of the discriminatory constitutional ban that has denied same-sex couples this fundamental right. Today, we have taken a major step toward Jefferson’s ideal that "all men are created equal."
With the announcement Tuesday of the first Ebola case diagnosed in the U.S., many have questions about the virus and its potential threat. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention and public health officials are taking precautions and are prepared to respond. For information and facts about Ebola in the U.S., please visit the CDC website: http://1.usa.gov/1s4IJ54
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of the Commonwealth: http://1.usa.gov/1sP1CxG
Today I wrote to the Bureau of Indian Affairs recommending it adopt greater flexibility in its recognition process to account for extraordinary circumstances like the barriers Virginia Indian tribes have encountered on the path toward federal recognition. Virginia’s Indian tribes contributed to the successful founding of our country and continue to help define our national identity. Their members have attended our schools, worked next to us, and served in every American war since the Revolution, all while maintaining a unique identity. Virginia’s tribes have gone without federal recognition not because they lack a historic relationship with the United States, but, as John Collier wrote in 1943, ‘as a matter largely of historical accident.’ The tribes’ unique circumstances should not disqualify them from the recognition they deserve.”
ICYMI: Yesterday I joined Bob Schieffer on CBS' Face The Nation to discuss Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here: 
Today I joined Governor Terry McAuliffe, Secretary of Health and Human Resources Bill Hazel and Secretary of Public Safety and Homeland Security Brian Moran in Richmond to announce the creation of a Prescription Drug and Heroin Abuse Task Force. I’m proud to see Virginia taking innovative approaches to combat this crisis that is hurting communities across the Commonwealth. 
I celebrated #HispanicHeritageMonth during a visit to Lake Anne Elementary School in Reston today. I joined three classes—a first grade class, a Spanish immersion class, and a Head Start class—to speak to students about the importance of Hispanic Heritage Month and read to them in English and Spanish.
Thanks to Randolph Macon College students and faculty for a great turnout and discussion yesterday!
Take a moment to read my staffer's reflections on my end of summer tour through SWVA: 
In my New York Times op-ed I argue that we should draft a specific, narrow authorization for military action against ISIL.
Today we honor the memory of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001 in Virginia, New York, and Pennsylvania. As we continue to face new challenges around the world, let us remember the American spirit that united us in the wake of 9/11 and the heroic actions of our first responders and servicemembers who continue to inspire us.
Today, I introduced the Middle School Technical Education Program (Middle STEP) Act that would expose middle school students to Career and Technical Education programs focused on career exploration. The Middle STEP Act would establish a pilot program for middle schools to partner with postsecondary institutions and local businesses to develop and implement CTE programs that give students access to apprenticeships or project-based learning opportunities traditionally not available to students until high school or postsecondary programs.  You can learn more about the Middle STEP Act here: 
Take a look at some of the photos from my recent two-week tour of the Commonwealth:  
Yesterday, I visited Naval Station Rota in Rota, Spain. During my visit, I observed a joint U.S.-Spanish military exercise, discussed embassy security with U.S. Marines from Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force for Crisis Response (SPMAGTF) based at Morón Air Base, and toured the destroyer USS Donald Cook, previously homeported in Norfolk and an example of U.S. commitment to European security. I also had the opportunity to meet with servicemembers from Virginia. You can read more about my visit here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/kaine-codel-visits-naval-station-rota-meets-with-virginia-servicemembers
Today, I had the opportunity to sign the wall at the USAID project site in Tangier that helps vulnerable Moroccan youth develop skills for future employment.
ICYMI: Last night I joined Rachel Maddow to discuss the need for Congress to debate and vote on the use of military force against ISIL. You can watch the entire interview here: 
Great to visit students at the new Thomas Jefferson Elementary School and see the progress toward rebuilding LCHS!
Learned a lot from today's tour of Omega Protein in Reedville - company supports 230 workers and has $88 million economic impact on the region each year.
Citizen Days offer a chance to shine a light on groups like People Incorporated and the great work they do for Virginians. Home weatherization projects, like the one we completed with them today, have the potential to lower utility bills by 20-30%, which makes a big difference in people's lives.
Very impressed by my tour of the new Ridgeview High  School. The new facility will provide Dickenson County students with state-of-the-art resources to help them succeed.
Foggy but beautiful morning at the Cumberland Gap.
I’m proud to join Representatives Rob Wittman, Scott Rigell, and Bobby Scott to invite high school and middle school students, their parents, and guidance counselors to Service Academy Day 2014 this Saturday, August 23 in Hampton. A member of my staff will be at Service Academy Day. The session will provide a comprehensive overview of the United States service academies and their admissions processes and answer questions regarding applications for congressional nominations. Students will also be able to meet with officials from the service academies. Click here for more details: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/academy
Today I participated in a ceremony honoring Mildred Pretzer of Charlottesville, a World War II veteran who served as part of the Women’s Army Corps (WAC). I proudly presented Ms. Pretzer with the Army Good Conduct Medal, the WAC Service Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the World War II Victory Medal and the Honorable Service Lapel Pin.
The Export-Import Bank is one of the best tools we have to help move the economy forward. That's why I'm proud to join Mark Warner and a bipartisan group of our colleagues to introduce legislation to reauthorize the bank before it expires on September 30. Everyone in Virginia – from Governor McAuliffe, to the Virginia Chamber of Commerce, to the Virginia Manufacturers Association, is telling me, ‘whatever you do, find an agreement to authorize the continuation of this very important bank.’ I'm hopeful that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle - and in both houses - will join in this very important and completely logical mission.
ICYMI: This morning I spoke with Andrea Roane about years of teamwork that led to the Silver Line opening. Watch here:
Yesterday I spoke on the floor about the #refugeecrisis at the border and 6 ways we should respond.
Loved throwing out the first pitch at Friday's Salem Red Sox game!
Thanks to Sam Steidle for a great tour of the #CoLab and to the entrepreneurs for their intelligent questions & comments.
Read my statement on the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17:
I am impressed by the Roanoke Valley's work to combat drug abuse and the success stories of drug court graduates I spoke with at the 23rd Judicial Circuit of Virginia’s Drug Court Graduation ceremony today. Many thanks to the judges for their commitment to helping Virginians who are struggling with drug addiction.
Warming up for my first pitch at the Salem Red Sox game tomorrow. Very excited to be there!
#TBT to last July, when Chairman of the Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, came to Virginia to visit Newport News Shipbuilding and learn about the unique capabilities of the aircraft carriers and submarines built there. The visit gave Senator Durbin an opportunity to see firsthand the important role Virginia’s shipbuilding industry plays for our Navy and national security, as well as the local economy. This week, Senator Durbin announced that the 2015 Defense Appropriations Bill includes $848 million to refuel the USS George Washington - a top defense priority for the entire Virginia delegation.
Like and Share if you agree.
It’s extremely disappointing that a minority of Senators kept us from being able to consider legislation today that would protect women’s right to health care, including contraception, from interference by their employers – interference deemed fair game by the Supreme Court ‘s decision in the #HobbyLobby case. Contraception is an important preventive health service, not only for women, but also for our society. I do not believe the Court should be in the business of singling out one sincerely held religious belief over others, or saying employers can deny coverage of certain health services, but not others. That’s why it’s clear this decision was less about religious freedom, and more about a broad-based effort to deny women access to contraception. I will continue to do everything I can to reverse this attack on women’s health care rights.
ICMYI: Yesterday, I delivered a floor speech on legislation to fix the #HobbyLobby decision. Watch here: 
Tune in now as I take the Senate floor to discuss the #HobbyLobby decision & our bill to fix it:
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will host Kaine Connects office hours in Duffield. To RSVP or for information on time and location, click here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
Proud to meet with General Dunford, ISAF commander and nominee for United States Marine Corps Commandant.
I'm a proud sponsor of important legislation to protect women's right to health care from interference by their employers. Contraception is an important preventive health service which has been constitutionally protected since the 1960s, but the Court has now made it fair game for corporate interference. The Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act will fix the #HobbyLobby decision by protecting women's health choices. 
Today, I introduced the bipartisan Educating Tomorrow’s Workforce Act with my Senate Career & Technical Education (CTE) Caucus co-chair, Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, to raise the quality of #CTE programs at schools in Virginia and across the country. Watch my floor speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmo1o1YxSsI
This Thursday, July 10th, a member of my staff will host Kaine Connects office hours at the Department of Social Services Building in Portsmouth. My staff will be available from 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM. Click here for details on how to RSVP and for information on upcoming Kaine Connects: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
NA
Happy Independence Day!
Yesterday, I visited George Mason University’s Prince William Campus to meet with students and faculty and tour the campus’s #CTE facilities. I had a great time learning about GMU programs that allow high school and post-baccalaureate students to earn certificates in scientific fields and gain hands on experience in laboratories.
#TBT To 35 years ago, the day I graduated from the University of Missouri. This week, as I toured the Commonwealth, I spoke to Virginians about the importance of an affordable, quality education. I shared with them the story of how, because I benefitted from dual enrollment as a student, I was able to graduate a year early, alleviating the cost of college for my parents and me. I’m committed to ensuring that students today have the same opportunities that I did when I searched for ways to pay for college.
We are very close to 10,000 page likes! Like and Share to help me reach my goal.
Maintaining an 11 carrier fleet was a top priority for Senator Mark Warner and I this year. I'm very pleased that the U.S. Navy is moving forward with the refueling and overhaul of the USS George Washington. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1pJrBoG
I'm very passionate about career and technical education and I'm committed to raising the profile of #CTE programs in Virginia and across the country. In Fisherville today, I announced the Educating Tomorrow's Workforce Act, which improves the Perkins Career and Technical Education Act by raising the quality of programs and allowing states and localities to fund CTE academies like the Governor’s Academies we established in Virginia. Learn more about my new #CTE bill here:
I’m so glad Governor of Virginia Terry McAuliffe has revived the Climate Change Commission that was disbanded when I left office. We can ignore this problem, but it won’t ignore us.
Like and Share to show support for the U.S. Soccer team in their game against Belgium! #OneNationOneTeam  #USAvBEL
ICYMI: Watch this summary of yesterday's bipartisan forum on sea level rise in Norfolk
I cannot understand how a majority of the #SCOTUS can say that an employer, for religious reasons, may deprive employees of health care coverage for contraception but for no other standard medical service or treatment. It makes the case less about religious freedom and more about denial of access to contraception. I am mystified that the Court chose to join an ideological battle against contraception.
I want to thank  Representative Scott Rigell Congressman Bobby Scott and Congressman Rob Wittman for joining me to host a bipartisan conference today at Old Dominion University on the challenge of sea level rise in Virginia. We had a constructive dialogue with policy experts and regional stakeholders about the urgency of combating sea level rise, which is already having visible impacts on the Hampton Roads region. Read more about the conference here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/kaine-rigell-scott-wittman-host-sea-level-rise-conference-in-norfolk
I'm almost at 10,000 likes! Help me reach my goal by sharing my page with your friends!
Now that summer is officially here, you can enjoy countless events and activities across Virginia. From mountain music festivals, to pirates, and a pony swim, the Commonwealth has an endless supply of cultural, musical, and sporting events each summer. Below is a list of some of my summer favorites, but I'm always looking for more. Share your favorites with me in the comments section below!
Today, I called on the President to seek Congressional authorization for any U.S. military action in Iraq and submit a new Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) to deal with today's threats. Watch my floor speech:
Tomorrow, a member of my staff, Tyee Davenport, will host Kaine Connects office hours in West Point from 1PM - 3PM. Afterward, she will host Kaine Connects office hours in King & Queen County from 4PM - 6PM. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
Today, I had the pleasure of meeting with Arlington Public Schools  students and faculty to discuss the importance of public service and current foreign policy challenges.
I'm proud to join Senator Richard Burr and Senator Richard Blumenthal to introduce a resolution to recognize Veterans Day, November 11, 2014, as a special “Welcome Home” commemoration for all who have served in the military since 9/11.   Like and Share if you think it's time to shine a light and say thank you for the sacrifice and work that’s been done by this generation that’s been at war for 13 years. http://1.usa.gov/1lKo80w
As a US senator who understands the value of a strong US-Egypt partnership, I view the current chapter in Egypt’s history as an opportunity to put the country on a positive trajectory, and a chance to mend the relationship with the United States. My Al-Monitor op-ed outlines a 3 part plan for a US-Egypt relationship that protects our interests and is consistent with our values.
Today we remember the valor, fidelity, and sacrifice of the Allied Forces on D-Day. I was honored to spend today at the National D-Day Memorial in Bedford - a visible reminder of those who have sacrificed to preserve the liberty we enjoy. Thirty-four soldiers from the Virginia National Guard’s Company A, 116th Infantry Regiment landed on Omaha Beach seventy years ago today and nineteen of those men lost their lives that day, as did four more later in the Normandy campaign. When I reflect on the sacrifice Virginians made and continue to make for our freedom, I am honored and humbled by the character and quality of their service.
During a Senate Budget Committee hearing today, I highlighted the harmful impact of high college costs and student loan debt on borrowers and the entire U.S. economy. College costs can be burdensome to many Americans, including Virginia Commonwealth University alumna Brittany Jones, who I had the pleasure of meeting after she testified at the hearing about the challenges she faced while repaying her student loans. Brittany and I discussed ways to bring down college costs, such as my Dual Enrollment bill, which would help expand programs that allow high school students to take college-level classes and earn credit that counts toward both high school and college graduation.
NA
This week, a member of my staff, Gwen Mason, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Warm Springs & Monterey. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here:
This Memorial Day, please join me in remembering the courageous men & women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. Let's honor those who gave their lives by supporting their loved ones and caring for our servicemembers who return home as they transition into civilian life. For those still fighting for the defense of our nation in Afghanistan and elsewhere, we pray for your safe return and look forward to welcoming you home soon.
This week, members of my staff, Chris Collins and Gwen Mason, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Amherst County & Fishersville. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
My first bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, aimed to help servicemembers receive credentials for the skills they acquire through military training. Passage of key components of the Troop Talent Act in 2014 improved the credentialing process, but many servicemembers still struggle with paying for fees associated with acquiring these credentials.   Today, I'm proud to introduce the Credentialing Improvement for Troop Talent (CREDIT) Act of 2014, which builds on the Troop Talent Act by expanding military Tuition Assistance to cover credentialing expenses such as licensing fees, training materials and test fees. The CREDIT Act will ease servicemembers’ entry into the civilian workforce and improve their competitiveness in the private sector.
National Small Business Week kicks off today! Check out SBA’s blog to learn how you can participate. From webinars to live-streamed events, SBA and its partners are gearing up for a great week! 
Today, I introduced legislation to extend the Special Immigrant Visa program for civilians who served alongside Americans in Afghanistan. Thousands of Afghans who risked their lives serving as interpreters for servicemembers from Virginia and assisting other U.S. troops and non-governmental organizations would have the chance to relocate to the United States and escape the constant threats of danger they continue to face. Last November, I was proud to welcome Afghan interpreter Janis Shinwari and his family to their new home in Virginia after his Special Immigrant Visa was granted. It’s my hope that we can give more brave Afghans like the Shinwaris a chance at a fresh start in a safe place.
On National Teacher Day I want to thank Mrs. Beth Stombaugh-Hook of Harrisonburg High School for inviting me to Skype with her 12th grade government students last week! Here's a glimpse of our discussion:
This year during Teacher Appreciation Week I'm remembering my 7th grade shop teacher, Joe McKenzie. In addition to teaching shop, he organized camping and canoeing trips a few times a year for students. I wasn't his best shop student, but those trips helped develop my lifelong love of being outdoors and an appreciation for the environment. I can still remember a canoe trip on the Current and Jacks Fork Rivers in the Missouri Ozarks in September 1972 as if it were yesterday. Many teachers who are great in the classroom also take a real interest in their students beyond the normal workday. I thank Joe McKenzie for doing so.
Today, I voted to advance legislation to #RaiseTheWage to $10.10 by 2016, which could give nearly 750,000 Virginians a raise. I’m discouraged that many of my Senate colleagues chose to block a bill with such broad, bipartisan support from the American public. Read my full statement here:
In Honor of #NationalParkWeek, I put together a list of my favorite hikes in Virginia. Follow the link below to view the list! 
In today's Pilot op-ed my friend Evan Wolfson and I share why we believe Virginians, and all Americans, should have the freedom to marry. Take a moment to read our op-ed, then Like and Share if you agree that we must continue to advance Jefferson's ideal of equality for all.   
Tomorrow, a member of my staff, Gwen Mason, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Vinton. In another special session, our Kaine Connects will be hosted in conjunction with the Salem Veterans Affairs Medical Center’s Rural Health Outreach Team. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
I was proud to work with Senator Mark Warner,  Congressman Robert Hurt and Congressman Morgan Griffith to help secure a permit for the Commonwealth Crossing Business Centre. A lot of bipartisan work went into this effort and it was an honor to be there for the groundbreaking today.
Passover starts tonight. It's a remarkable and meaningful commemoration of God's protection of an oppressed and enslaved Jewish people in Egypt thousands of years ago. All over the world, people will sit down to a Seder meal and recount the story of bondage to freedom that describes Jewish history, but also offers hope to all peoples and to all individuals. Anne and I will participate in a neighborhood Seder that we've attended for nearly 20 years.  The joy of Passover -- like the joy of Easter Week-- is not unalloyed happiness.  During this season, we confront hard realities of slavery, oppression, sin, betrayal and death. We were reminded of these painful realities yesterday with the horrific shootings in Kansas. The Jewish Community Center is about a mile from my parents' home and I've often been there when visiting my family in Kansas City. It's a place open to all for education, family events, exercise and fellowship.   That an anti-Semitic individual would choose this place in this season to strike out and kill others is deeply tragic. But, this week reminds us that hatred is overcome by love, that slavery is followed by freedom and death by resurrection. I will pray for the victims and their families during dinner tonight and also pray that our society will do all we can to rid ourselves of hatred and violence.
I want to thank all of the volunteers who came out to my first Citizen Day service project today in Richmond. Their willingness to help others in need is truly inspiring. I'm looking forward to the next Citizen Day!
This Saturday, I will kick off my new Citizen Day initiative to bring Virginians together to participate in service projects across the Commonwealth. Citizen Days are a great opportunity to highlight causes and organizations that make a positive difference in the lives of Virginians. For the first Citizen Day, I’ll partner with Operation Paintbrush to repaint the home of elderly Henrico County residents in need. If you would like to join me on Saturday, please email RSVP_Events@kaine.senate.gov.
I’m deeply honored to receive Save the Children’s Congressional Champion for Children award for my efforts to increase access to pre-k and other early childhood education programs that help kids realize their talent. Senior vice president Mark Shriver, accompanied by Latiya Loring, Alisha Everhart, and Alisha’s daughter Aaminah, presented the award to me. Aaminah is enrolled in Save the Children’s home-based early childhood development program.  There's still a lot to be done and I look forward to working on more initiatives that will help future generations live dignified lives with academic and economic success.
The students from King George High School impressed me with their great questions about raising the minimum wage, technology, and unemployment insurance. It was great spending time with them!
It's hard to believe that in 2014 women make on average 77 cents for every dollar that men make. Like and Share if you believe that hard-working women deserve #EqualPay for equal work!
I just voted to extend unemployment insurance - a vital lifeline for millions of Americans, including as many as 20,000 Virginians, struggling to find their next job. While I am pleased that we were finally able to #RenewUI, it shouldn't have been this difficult.
Sending American service members into battle is the most important decision civilian leaders can make. Take a moment to read my op-ed in the Richmond Times-Dispatch on War Powers.
I was honored to stand beside President Obama today as he signed the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act into law - a bill that honors a beautiful young girl who fought against terrible odds and wanted to help others. Her efforts helped raise awareness that so little of our research in this country goes toward any childhood condition, cancer or otherwise. When Majority Leader Eric Cantor came to me when the House bill passed and asked, "will you let me bring the Miller family to your office?” I said, absolutely. And all it took was one visit with Eric, Mark and Ellyn Miller, and watching the wonderful videos of Gabriella to say, we ought to be able to do this. Thank you as well to my colleagues in the Senate, Mark Warner and Orrin Hatch for their hard work to get this bill passed.
Thousands of Afghan interpreters, who assisted U.S. troops by serving as vital cultural links and in many cases protecting them from harm, have applied for Special Immigrant Visas. Unfortunately, while their applications are stuck in bureaucratic delays, they face the constant threat of violence from armed groups and the Taliban. After learning more about this, I wrote a letter to Secretary Kerry urging him to ensure that we have the resources to help more interpreters. Recently, I met with interpreters Janis and Mohammad, who after a long period of time and tremendous effort were able to obtain their visas. Learn more about Janis’ story here:   http://www.mensjournal.com/magazine/print-view/the-interpreters-we-left-behind-20140326
Yesterday I made a stop at MOM's supermarket in Alexandria to learn more from owner Scott Nash about why he believes raising the minimum wage is good for business. Scott and I agree with the vast majority of Americans who believe it's time to #RaiseTheWage because no one working full time should live in poverty.
I had a great time meeting with students from Blue Ridge Middle School yesterday!
Today the Supreme Court heard arguments on whether corporations should be allowed to deny health benefits for employees. I hope #SCOTUS rules in favor of a woman’s right to make her own health care choices, rather than making this the decision of a for-profit company’s leadership. #NotMyBossBusiness
Today I met with creators and cast members from the new AMC series "TURN," who have been busy filming the Revolutionary War-era spy thriller in and around Richmond over the past year. The film industry has chosen Virginia as the backdrop for many movies - eight Oscar winners to date - and TV series, creating thousands of jobs and generating millions of dollars in revenue for the Commonwealth. Looking forward to seeing familiar spots in Richmond, Petersburg and Hanover County when the show premieres April 6.
Enjoyed meeting talented high schoolers from across the Commonwealth at the VirginiaFIRST Regional robotics competition in Richmond this weekend. The competition inspires high school students to gain interest in the STEM fields by engaging them in fun projects that welcome innovation. A special thanks to team Blue Cheese for writing to me and asking that I come by and meet them - I'm so glad that I did!
The RAM clinic in Wise County shows us why Medicaid expansion is critical to Virginia. Take a moment to read my op-ed in The Roanoke Times on the under-told impact of Medicaid expansion.
I recently returned from a Civil Rights Pilgrimage led by Rep. John Lewis to Mississippi and Alabama to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the 1964 Freedom Summer in Mississippi. Nearly 20 members of Congress took part in the annual event this year to learn about the passionate work done by local activists and college students to help people register to vote despite enormous barriers in their way. Take a moment to read more about my trip here:
I just filled out my #MarchMadness bracket. I have Virginia Commonwealth University in the Sweet 16 and University of Virginia going all the way. Who’s in your #FinalFour?
This week, three members of my staff, Gwen Mason, Laura Blevins, and Marc Cheatham, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Tazewell, Woodstock, Clinchco and Richmond. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: 
Don't miss a very thoughtful Commonwealth Connection post by my staffer Karen, an Air Force Reserve Officer, on the Victims Protection Act and the other historic reforms we passed in the past year to combat sexual assault in the military.
Today, I joined a vigil to offer my thoughts and prayers to the millions of Syrian children, women, and men who have suffered three long years of violence and displacement. Alongside Senator Marco Rubio, I introduced a bipartisan resolution calling for a new strategy to address the humanitarian crisis in Syria.   Like and Share if you stand #WithSyria and the international community pushing for increased humanitarian aid.
Deeply grateful that Fredericksburg’s Josh Hardy will receive the medication he needs. Thank you to Josh’s Army, Chimerix president and CEO Kenneth Moch, and the FDA for making this possible. My thoughts and prayers remain with Josh and his family.
Today, I proudly joined my Senate colleagues in passing the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, bipartisan legislation to support pediatric research. This bill honors the memory of Gabriella Miller, a courageous young Virginian diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor. I want to thank Gabriella’s family for their inspiring work and determination to help children diagnosed with cancer. Smashing Walnuts 
This week, three members of my staff, Laura Blevins, Gwen Mason and Evan McWalters, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Botetourt County, Lebanon, Clifton Forge, Bristol, Grundy, Lovingston and Crozet. Please stop by if you have any questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/kaine-connects
This week, two members of my staff, Laura Blevins and Gaston Araoz-Riveros, will host Kaine Connects office hours in Annandale, Burke, Christiansburg and Pearisburg. Please stop by if you have questions or concerns. More information on times and locations here: 
While you’re snowed in today, check out my first Buzzfeed article for 14 reasons Virginia is for Lovers - just in time for Valentine's Day. 
This week I was honored to meet World War II veterans & Virginians John Cheban, Arthur Ordel and Robert Sales. I'm humbled by their service.
Today the Senate came together to repeal pension reductions that would have harmed our veterans and military families. I have been fighting to repeal these reductions since December and I’m relieved we can now give military veterans and their families the peace of mind they deserve. I am disappointed that we chose to offset the cost of this bill by extending sequester cuts into later years because, in my view, we should have acted now to close unnecessary tax loopholes. An offset I proposed with Senator Warner would have replaced the military pension reduction for current and future retirees by closing a corporate tax loophole that allows offshore corporations to avoid paying their fair share of U.S. taxes. While this is by no means an ideal package, I’m pleased that we’re able to make things right for our nation’s military retirees.
Great discussion with Virginia Union students in Richmond today about public service and the importance of investing in education.
As Senator, one of my goals is to be as accessible as possible to all Virginians. That's why we hold "Kaine Connects" office hours across the Commonwealth so you can meet with members of my staff, ask questions and get assistance in your hometown. Take a look at our upcoming Kaine Connects and where we've been so far. The next Kaine Connects office hours will be in Mt. Jackson and Grottoes tomorrow with my Regional Director, Gwen Mason. I encourage you to make an appointment, but you're always welcome to stop by. 
I’m heartened that Congress came together today to pass a farm bill that restores certainty for farmers across the country. This bill saves taxpayers $23 billion over ten years, eliminates wasteful direct payments, strengthens crop insurance, and closes loopholes in the SNAP program without reducing nutrition access for the neediest people.  It also ensures robust support for Chesapeake Bay restoration and improves farmers’ access to export markets and consumers’ access to fresh, local, organic foods.  While no bill of this scope is perfect, this farm bill greatly benefits farmers and families across the country and serves as another positive sign that Congress will work across the aisle to get things done this year.
From growing up working in my Dad's small ironworking shop to creating Governor’s Career and Technical academies, career and technical education has always been a passion of mine. Today I am proud to launch the Senate Career and Technical Education Caucus with Senator Portman to help students acquire the education and skills that will help them find employment and enjoy productive, successful lives after graduation. 
Five years after the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was signed into law, I am proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act – an important next step toward ensuring equal pay for equal work. This legislation builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, providing women with additional tools to address wage discrimination. This isn’t just a women’s issue, it’s a family issue. Reducing the persistent wage gap is good for Virginia families, many of whom increasingly rely on two incomes to make ends meet, and will also help strengthen communities and local economies across the Commonwealth. This should be a goal that both parties can support during this Congress.
I’m honored to bring Staff Sgt. Tammy Brown – a machinist and welder stationed at Fort Lee who has served on active duty for more than 15 years - as my guest to the State of the Union tonight.
In the State of the Union Address tonight, I hope the President encourages Congress to build on our recent successes and tackle issues like career and technical education and raising the minimum wage.  
I’m proud to join Majority Leader Eric Cantor and Senator Mark Warner to honor the memory of a remarkable young Virginian, Gabriella Miller, and support pediatric research.
Had a blast playing harmonica and talking with the kids from Big Brother Big Sister program at Oliver Hill House in Roanoke. Grateful to the volunteers for their service
I was honored to give the keynote speech at the Danville Economic Development Summit and share ideas on recruiting companies to Southern Virginia and growing our talented workforce.
Had a great time in Charlottesville visiting UVa Batten School students and answering their questions on my work to reform war powers.
I was proud to join Senator John McCain to introduce the War Powers Consultation Act of 2014, which will greatly improve the consultative process between Congress and the President on the nation's most important decision - whether to send troops into harm's way. 
On January 13, 1903, the first wave of Korean immigrants came to America in search of new opportunities. Today, I am proud to celebrate the history and the invaluable contributions of Korean-Americans to our nation and Commonwealth since their arrival more than a century ago. I was honored to introduce a Senate resolution urging reunification of the Korean peninsula last July, and I look forward to continue building relationships with the Korean-American community at home and abroad.
I’m proud to introduce an amendment with Senator Mark Warner to repeal and replace cuts to military retiree benefits. Military families in Virginia and across the country deserve peace of mind that these unfair COLA cuts will be undone well before they are set to take effect in December 2015. This amendment mirrors the Military Retirement Restoration Act we introduced in December to replace the COLA reductions with new legislation that could raise as much as $6.6 billion over ten years by preventing companies from avoiding paying U.S. taxes. I’ll continue to pursue every path to reversing this provision – both legislatively, as well as through my role on the Armed Services Committee.
I urge my colleagues to come together and extend unemployment insurance - a critical lifeline for families who are getting back on their feet as our economy continues to recover.
A year after being sworn in, I’m proud of my work on important bipartisan issues like veterans unemployment and passing a budget agreement. It is an honor to serve the Commonwealth and I look forward to continuing to tackle issues that matter to Virginians in 2014.  
Thanks to Mary Cisowski, Alia Reese and others who have written to me with their concerns over cuts to military pensions.  While I’m pleased that Congress worked together to restore an orderly budget process, I share your concerns relating to the provision that would reduce the annual cost-of-living increase for pensions of military retirees under the age of 62.  The Senate Budget that we worked hard to pass in March did not contain this provision. To address these concerns, on December 17th, Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Senator Mark Warner, and I introduced S.1844, the Military Retirement Restoration Act, to replace the proposed $6 billion reduction to military pensions included in the Bipartisan Budget Act. Specifically, this legislation replaces the cuts to military retiree benefits with new legislation that could raise nearly $7 billion over ten years by closing a corporate tax loophole that companies use to avoid paying U.S. taxes. I’m hopeful we will be able to undo these pension changes before they take effect in 2015.  Additionally, Senator Levin, Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has indicated that the committee will review this change early next year.  As a member of this committee and the subcommittee on Personnel, I am pleased with Senator Levin’s decision and will keep your views in mind as we continue to review and debate any potential changes to military retirement benefits. We have a responsibility to support our servicemembers and our commitment to them does not end when they return home.   I hope all of you and your families have a safe and happy holiday.   Tim
I’m proud that key provisions of the first piece of legislation I introduced, the Troop Talent Act, were included in the 2014 defense bill that was passed with bipartisan support in the Senate. It will now be the law to provide active duty servicemembers with the tools they need to more easily receive credentials for the skills they acquire through military training, greatly easing their transition to a civilian career. This is a small but important step to help whittle away at the unacceptably high rate of veterans’ unemployment – particularly among those returning from Iraq and Afghanistan - and I remain committed to exploring all avenues to address this issue.
With Senate passage of a two-year budget agreement tonight, I’m proud to say that we’ve achieved two of my highest priorities for my first year in office – getting a budget agreement through the House and Senate and offsetting the worst effects of sequestration that have disproportionately impacted Virginia.  During the opening meeting of the Budget Conference Committee last month, I called on my fellow conferees to ‘surprise the cynics.’ I’m so glad we did.   Over the past 11 months, I witnessed the impact of budget uncertainty and sequestration by visiting military installations, private shipyards, research universities and early childhood educations centers across the Commonwealth. With passage of this compromise budget deal, we’ll replace $63 billion in non-strategic sequester cuts and prevent another government shutdown, restoring much-needed certainty to these Virginians, and to our economy as a whole. It also allows appropriators to write full bills that will give the Department of Defense more flexibility to plan for the future and allow the Navy to continue its critical shipbuilding and repair work.    There are provisions in the compromise that I do not support, including a reduction in the cost of living increase (COLA) for certain military pensions. That’s why I co-sponsored legislation this week to replace the $6 billion in cuts by closing a corporate tax loophole that companies use to avoid paying U.S. taxes. I’m hopeful we will be able to undo these changes before they take effect in 2015 and I’ll work in the Senate Armed Services Committee to do so.    There is more work to be done to replace the remaining non-strategic sequestration cuts and address our long-term fiscal challenges, but Congress has now shown that we can work together in a bipartisan way, as the American public demands and deserves.
I’m proud to join Senators Mark Warner and Jeanne Shaheen to introduce a bill that will repeal the proposed cuts to military retiree pensions and replace them by closing a corporate tax loophole that companies use to avoid paying U.S. taxes.
I was proud to join Senator Warner and Representatives Connolly, Wolf and Moran to make the case for why the Springfield VA site is the best, most cost-effective option for the relocation of FBI headquarters.
A year later we still can’t comprehend the horrific tragedy that took the lives of 26 innocent children & educators. My prayers are with their loved ones. #WeAreNewtown #HonorWithAction
Ever since I took office last January, I made it a mission to do everything I could to replace the across-the-board sequester cuts that have so severely hurt Virginia and return to normal budgetary order. I even delivered my maiden floor speech last February on the urgent need to find compromise and avert sequestration. Tonight, I’m pleased that after passing a Senate budget for the first time in four years and going to conference with the House, a deal has been reached. I’m disappointed that reductions in the cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for military retirees and cuts to federal employee benefits were included. But the deal goes a long way toward alleviating the most harmful effects of sequestration next year – cuts that have disproportionately impacted federal employees and the defense community – and restoring basic economic certainty to businesses and families across the Commonwealth. It also ensures we won’t suffer another damaging government shutdown next month that would have resulted in more negative consequences for federal employees. The two-year, bipartisan agreement will relieve $63 billion of sequester cuts for 2014 and 2015. It will also avert additional defense cuts – including $20 billion in cuts that were set to take effect in January 2014 – and replace non-defense cuts over the next two years. We’ve also given appropriators the certainty they need to write full appropriations bills – a significant step toward ending the dangerous pattern of stopgap, governing-by-crisis measures that have plagued the budgeting process in recent years. While I’m still examining the details of the deal, I am pleased a spirit of compromise and cooperation prevailed.
With Pattie Millett's confirmation to the D.C. Circuit, the court gains a supremely qualified jurist with a strong record of bipartisan public service under both Democratic and Republican administrations. Pattie’s career has prepared her well for this post and I was honored to introduce her at her confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. On top of her impressive career and educational experience, Pattie is a proud military spouse who will represent the unique perspective of military families.
I'm excited to announce that the National Endowment for the Humanities has chosen Waynesboro Public Library as a location for its Changing America exhibition that explores American history from the movement for Emancipation to the Civil Rights era.
Today I had the chance to visit the Norfolk-based USS San Jacinto in Bahrain and meet with Virginians serving with the U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet and Combined Maritime Forces. I talked with them about a range of issues, from the ongoing budget negotiations in the Senate, to bigger picture security challenges facing the region, to why traffic is still so bad in Hampton Roads. I walked away with a sense of pride and admiration for their dedication and the important work they’re doing in Bahrain.
The world has lost a great leader and advocate for equality with the loss of President Mandela but his legacy lives on in a democratic and free South Africa. I join millions across the globe in mourning his passing and hope his life will continue to inspire new generations of leaders to fight for more inclusive and just societies.
Great day in Christiansburg and Roanoke meeting with local business leaders to discuss ongoing budget negotiations in the Senate and the importance of high-tech manufacturing in the region. At PlasticsOne, I tested out a device manufactured in Roanoke that prevents texting while driving, an issue I was proud to work on as Governor.
Great visit to BAE Ship Repair in Norfolk today. Listened to BAE employees' concerns & promised to share their stories in DC as we work toward a budget deal that will restore certainty to the ship repair industry and replace harmful sequester cuts.
As a proud parent, glad to share with Education Week’s Tom Segal the lessons I learned from my kids’ combined 40 years in public Pre-K/12 classrooms
My staff and I spent the morning at FeedMore’s Central Virginia Food Bank in Richmond sorting donations for families in need during the holidays. Very grateful for FeedMore’s work to help hungry families in Virginia.
Both as a dad & as Governor, I’ve seen that Pre-K investments pay huge dividends, both in the lives of individual children and for our nation as a whole. Take a few moments to read my op-ed in the Virginian-Pilot making the case for investing in early childhood education:
Proud to join Senator John McCain to lead the U.S. delegation to the Halifax International Security Forum this weekend. Secretary Hagel began the forum today with a speech outlining the Department of Defense’s new Arctic Strategy, which shows the importance of international relationships as well as a focus on pragmatic steps to tackle the challenge of climate change.
The government shutdown had a disproportionately negative impact in Virginia, particularly in communities where tourism is a primary industry like Chincoteague, Yorktown and the Shenandoah Valley. I'm proud to introduce a bill to help these communities regain some of the business that was lost during the government shutdown and encourage more Americans to visit our beautiful public lands.
My thoughts and prayers remain with those impacted by Typhoon Haiyan. Many Virginians have loved ones in the Philippines and my staff and I are committed to providing them with the support and resources they need. Please take a moment to read this moving Commonwealth Connection post by my Northern Virginia Regional Director Joe Montano, a Filipino American from Norfolk who has family in the Philippines, and learn more about ways you can help:
I’m proud to introduce the SERVE Act with Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) today. Senator Chambliss was also an original co-sponsor of my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, making this the second bill we’ve introduced together to address the low graduation rate and high unemployment among veterans – especially young veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, which remains higher than the national average.
I was humbled to join our five living U.S. Presidents and many others to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address by participating in this project by Ken Burns and PBS, with Jefferson's Capitol of Virginia as my backdrop. Take a look:
I’m disappointed Senate Republicans have chosen to block the nomination of another highly-qualified nominee to the D.C. Circuit. Nina Pillard is an accomplished litigator who has practiced law at every level of the legal system across the country. She successfully argued the Supreme Court case that opened the Virginia Military Institute to women – a historic decision that has served Virginia well, even turning a one-time adversary in that case, then-VMI Superintendent Josiah ‘Cy’ Bunting III, into a strong supporter of her nomination. The filibuster of Ms. Pillard’s nomination again raises the question – is there a double standard against women nominees to the D.C. Circuit? Since I took office eleven months ago, three superbly-qualified women nominees, including Ms. Pillard, Patricia Millett and Caitlin Halligan, have been filibustered under the pretext that the court does not have a large enough workload. During the same period, an equally qualified male nominee, Sri Srinivasan, was confirmed 93-0 without a single mention of the workload issue from my Republican colleagues. I’m very concerned that women nominees to the D.C. Circuit – the second-highest court in the land– are being blocked over concerns about workload that are not being applied in an evenhanded way. If senators have concerns about their qualifications, let’s have that debate. But we shouldn’t allow these candidates to be blocked from consideration based on reasons that don’t stand the light of day.
I recorded a brief message to thank our nation's veterans. I hope you'll take a look & join me in honoring their service today.
I was honored to spend the morning with veterans at Millbrook High School and thank them for their service.
Today I was proud to announce the SERVE Act to improve the quality of education for our veterans and servicemembers. Along with my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, this legislation will ease the transition from active duty to civilian workforce.
With today's passage of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, the Senate affirmed with bipartisan support that workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation will not be tolerated. This important legislation will ban employers from denying job opportunities to LGBT employees, subjecting them to harassment, or firing them just for being themselves. My first act as Governor was to sign an executive order banning discrimination against state employees based on race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, political affiliation, veteran status or disability, and today I am proud to join a bipartisan majority of my Senate colleagues to continue the fight for equal treatment of all Americans.
Yesterday I met Captain Matt Zeller and Janis Shinwari, the Afghan interpreter who saved Matt's life. I'm honored that my office could assist with the effort to secure visas for Janis and his family and I'm happy that they have decided to move to Alexandria. I wish them all the best.
At today’s Foreign Relations Committee hearing I expressed my support for the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities because I believe the world should follow the U.S. gold standard of non-discrimination toward persons with disabilities. At today's hearing, Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth, a disabled veteran and the House sponsor of my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, described how CRPD would make it easier for American disabled persons to live, work, and study abroad. It’s time we ratify CRPD and reaffirm that all people are created equal and should be treated equally.
So honored to assist a veteran from Virginia, Captain Matthew Zeller, with his efforts to help the Afghan interpreter who saved his life come to the United States with his family. Thanks to Matthew’s hard work, Janis Shinwari arrived in the U.S. safely this morning and will live in Alexandria with his family. Take a moment and read their moving story: http://www.airforcetimes.com/article/20131030/NEWS/310300015/With-soldier-s-help-Afghan-interpreter-family-land-U-S-   Matthew and Janis’ story is not unique in that there are many Iraqi and Afghan nationals who served as translators and fought alongside our troops, and in the case of Matt and many others, saved their lives. I believe we have a special responsibility with respect to these translators.
During the first full meeting of the bipartisan Budget Conference Committee today, I called on my fellow conferees to surprise the cynics and find a bipartisan solution that would restore budget certainty and replace the damaging sequester cuts that have severely impacted Virginia.
The key to the bipartisan agreement we passed last week is the instruction for the House and Senate to finally start a budget conference and work in earnest for two months to find a deal, something I’ve been calling for since March. Read my op-ed in today’s Virginian-Pilot on our opportunity to finally pass a budget:
Joined the Morning Joe team today to discuss the needless government shutdown and the bipartisan agreement to end it. Catch our discussion here:
Thanks to the bipartisan efforts of my Senate colleagues, tens of thousands of furloughed workers in Virginia are back on the job today with certainty they will be paid back for the time they were unable to work due to the needless government shutdown. I’ve always said that solving our nation’s fiscal challenges in a divided Congress will require a bipartisan process where House and Senate, Democrat and Republican, agree to compromise for the good of the country. Last night, Congress came together around this principle and I’m hopeful both houses will act in the same spirit as we move to the budget conference table to find a long-term fiscal solution.
Today I stood with my Senate colleagues on the steps of the U.S. Capitol to highlight how the government shutdown is terribly hurting Virginians - from veterans like Mark Wright of Stafford County who is furloughed from DOD for the second time this year, to the cancellation of back-to-back weekends of major events that attract thousands of visitors to Chincoteague. 
 
 We need to rally out of patriotic love for this nation to re-open government to protect our fiscal system and then use the regular processes of legislation to talk about any other issue that the American public wants. 
 
 More here: http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/warner-kaine-highlight-shutdown-impact-in-virginia-urge-house-leaders-to-re-open-government-pay-our-bills-and-negotiate-
Yesterday I introduced a bill with Senator Mark Warner that would guarantee federal workers who were furloughed because of the government shutdown would receive their full pay. Speaker Boehner can end the shutdown today by letting the House pass the Senate's clean bill with Republican and Democratic votes.  http://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/warner-kaine-introduce-measure-to-restore-federal-workers-pay-at-the-end-of-the-government-shutdown-
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are temporarily closed. Please don’t hesitate to contact me through my website, although unfortunately there may be a delay in response time. I am hopeful that the House will act quickly to pass the continuing resolution on the table and re-open the federal government.
The House of Representatives has shut down the government of the United States by rejecting an interim spending measure passed by the Senate, even though that bill accepted the House's own spending target through November 15.  This action hurts the American economy and millions of Americans.  The House should reconsider its action and re-open government immediately.
Beginning tomorrow, eligible Virginians who do not currently have access to insurance through their employer or existing government programs like Medicare and Medicaid can get coverage by enrolling in the Health Insurance Marketplaces established in the Affordable Care Act. Check out our newest Commonwealth Connection post to learn more.
Just voted to continue funding the government. A needless government shutdown would hurt our servicemembers, military families & federal employees. We must stop crisis-budgeting.
NA
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone impacted by today’s tragic shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. As we learn more about the horrific events that unfolded this morning, my deepest sympathies go out to the friends and families of the victims, as well as the surrounding community. I am thankful for the bravery of the first responders who put their lives on the line today, and every day.
Today marks the beginning of National Hispanic Heritage Month. Let’s take this time to celebrate the heritage, culture and immense contributions of Latinos across Virginia and the United States. I’m proud to co-sponsor a resolution establishing that the Senate recognizes today as the start of Hispanic Heritage Month and acknowledges the integral role of Latinos in the economy, culture, and identity of our nation.
I’m pleased that the President’s decision to seek congressional authorization for a military strike in Syria – and a subsequent vote in the Foreign Relations Committee in support of military action if diplomatic options are exhausted – has motivated Assad to consider relinquishing his chemical weapons stockpile to international control. A diplomatic solution continues to be the best possible outcome in Syria, and the limited authorization I voted for last week includes a requirement that the U.S. must first exhaust all diplomatic options before commencing a military strike. We must therefore carefully examine this and any other credible offer presented by the Russians and Syrians, as well as strongly support efforts currently taking place in the United Nations Security Council. But make no mistake, if not for the American pressure on the Assad regime, we would not be having the diplomatic discussions we are today. I commend the President for his resolve and urge my colleagues to support continued efforts to create such diplomatic opportunities.
Today's Washington Post highlights my work w/ Republican colleagues & my new role chairing the Foreign Relations Subcommittee that oversees the Middle East
We had a powerful discussion at Old Dominion University this morning on the need for War Powers reform. Thank you to all of the veterans who came to the roundtable to share their thoughts with me on war powers and the use of limited military force in Syria.
Today I voted for a limited authorization for the use of military force in Syria to respond to Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons to kill civilians, including more than 400 children. A failure to respond to such a blatant violation of longstanding international norms not only signals an acceptance of this atrocity, it also jeopardizes the lives of our servicemembers in combat both today and in the future. For years, countries have refrained from using chemical weapons on our servicemembers because of this international standard and for their safety, we must continue to defend this principle.   The resolution approved by the Committee today clearly states that there will be no U.S. combat troops inside Syria, and it is limited in scope.  I applaud the President’s decision to come to Congress for authorization, something that I have called for publicly since the debate over Syria began. Our nation is stronger in military matters when we act in a united fashion. Our servicemembers must be able to rely on the full support of their political leadership when asked to defend our nation. I now call on the full Senate to vote in favor of this authorization. The use of chemical weapons to kill innocent men, women, and children is intolerable and there must be a consequence.
NA
Stops in Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Roanoke, Bedford County, Danville and South Boston
Taught undergrad leadership students at UR this morning about Truman in 1945--UN, weapons of mass destruction, Congress and challenges with Russia.  Given our current challenges, I'm reminded that he said--"the only thing new under the sun is the history you don't know."
Check out some highlights from my first 7 months in the Senate, including my travels across Virginia, my first Senate bill the Troop Talent Act, and some tunes on the harmonica.
I strongly support the President’s decision to seek congressional approval of military action in response to Syria’s use of chemical weapons. Our nation is stronger in military matters when we act in a united fashion. The opportunity to fully debate this difficult situation will help educate the American public about the important issues at stake and ultimately provide a political consensus that our servicemembers must be able to rely on.
In case you missed it, catch my interview with Chris Cuomo this morning where we discussed Syria http://www.cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/bestoftv/2013/08/29/syria-chemical-attack-kaine.cnn.html
Great to see old friends & meet some new ones in Culpeper  today.
The use of chemical weapons and indiscriminate killing of Syrian citizens by the Assad regime is despicable.  Secretary Kerry’s efforts to work with our allies and partners on an appropriate response is important. I was pleased to hear Secretary Kerry say that the Administration is consulting with Congress as response options – including potential military options – are being considered. Absent an imminent threat to United States national security, the U.S. should not be engaged in military action without Congressional approval.  And while it’s important that we continue to work closely with our allies to help Syria achieve a negotiated, inclusive political solution, those who employ such weapons and indiscriminate violence must be held accountable.
It was great to see the Southern Virginia Higher Education Center’s work to help individuals, particularly those living in rural areas, develop advanced technical skills.
Big turnout at our open house in Danville today!  It’s great to be back in Southside
Toured the Center for Advanced Engineering & Research in Bedford County and discussed its work to promote innovation in science & technology.
Thanks to everyone who made it to the open house at my office in Roanoke. Loved seeing old friends & new faces
At Fishburne Military School I talked with cadets about the future of the military and described how my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, will increase employment opportunities for servicemembers when they transition from active-duty service. I also watched cadets tackle a one rope bridge and rappel down a building – very impressive!
Great morning at the Rockingham County Fair! Bummed I will miss the Old Crow Medicine Show concert tonight!
Spoke with teachers and administrators at the school year opening at Harrisonburg High School about the importance of investing in education and preparing students to succeed in a 21st century economy.
Glad to accept petitions from 6000 Virginians who share my commitment to promoting early childhood education and I look forward to sharing them with my colleagues. I was proud to expand Virginia’s pre-k program by 40% as governor and I voted to eliminate the Head Start cuts taking place because of the sequester. It’s critical that we continue to battle for expanded early childhood programs.
I just visited the Moms Demand Action lemonade stand & talked about commonsense steps we can take to reduce gun violence in Virginia & nationwide. Nora even gave me cookies for the road!
Proud to introduce legislation to encourage peace & reunification on the Korean Peninsula in recognition of hundreds of Korean War veterans who will gather in the nation's capital to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Korean War Armistice. I am proud that the United States has stood shoulder-to-shoulder with South Korea to promote and defend international security, economic prosperity, and the rule of law on the Korean Peninsula. Progress towards peace and reunification between the two nations would mean greater security and prosperity for the region and the world.
There's no public official who's served Virginia in the last century who is as admired by Virginians of all political persuasions as former Sen. John Warner. And to be able to be a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and know that this Senator preceded me in fantastic service here is a very humbling thing.
Senator Kaine and Senator Durbin tour Newport News Shipbuilding - in Newport News, VA
I’m proud to join Senator John Thune (R-SD) to introduce the Intergenerational Financial Obligations Reform (INFORM) Act, co-sponsored by Senators Chris Coons (D-DE) and Rob Portman (R-OH), to increase transparency in the federal budget. As we look to make tough budget decisions, more information is critical to making prudent fiscal choices. A better understanding of the long term impacts of changes in the economy, or new spending and tax policies, will help us evaluate these programs with the important perspective of how those decisions will affect future generations, not just our own.
Toured the Volvo Trucks’ New River Valley (NRV) facility in Dublin and held a discussion with employees about the facility’s energy efficiency accomplishments and answered their questions about my first six months in office.
Had a great time visiting the RCPS+ summer program at Westside Elementary School in Roanoke, a summer program for students that promotes the development of STEM disciplines. I visited three classrooms where I watched second graders demonstrate a robotics experiment with legos, discussed leadership with fifth graders who will enter middle school next month, and read a book to first graders as part of their spider, motion, and carnival week.
I had a great time joining the mountain music jam session at the Floyd Country Store! We even mixed it up and played some gospel.
Thanks to everyone who came to my Norton office open house! I always feel welcome and at home in Wise County
Attended the Russell County Relay for Life kick-off in Lebanon to benefit the American Cancer Society
Spent the morning volunteering at the Remote Area Medical (RAM) clinic in Wise County – such an important event serving more than 3,000 of patients this year. The RAM clinic highlights the amazing volunteerism and spirit of doctors and nurses who provide care to those in need and reminds us of how much work there is to be done to increase access to health care.
Great discussions at Newport News Shipbuilding with shipbuilders & Senator Durbin on issues impacting submarine & carrier programs
 
 (Photo credit: Ricky Thompson, Newport News Shipbuilding.)
Check out highlights from my social media town hall today. It was a great way to get feedback on issues that matter to Virginians and I look forward to holding more in the future #AskTim.
Jennifer Mayne Hoppe: #AskTim Thank you for being so outspoken in favor of the Manchin-Toomey amendment in the weeks leading up to the Senate vote. Like many Virginians, I was shocked and saddened at the Senate's failure to pass legislation that would have expanded the background and improved check system for gun sales. Can I count on you to work with your colleagues in the Senate to work toward passing meaningful gun reform, including background checks? #gunsense #momsdemand  I was disappointed that the Manchin-Toomey compromise to improve our background record check system was blocked by a filibuster in the Senate.  As Governor during the horrible shooting at Virginia Tech, I worked to improve Virginia’s background check system to ensure those who have been adjudicated mentally ill and dangerous were prohibited from purchasing guns.  In addition, I improved mental health services and reporting, increased funding for mental health services, strengthened standards for court ordered mental health care, bolstered accountability for agencies that provide mental health care, and provided more education for campus officials on how to spot mental health issues.    I strongly support a comprehensive approach to curbing gun violence.  My experience as Governor proves there are things that we can do that work to protect these senseless acts of violence in our country. #AskTim
Mary Ann Strock: Why doesn't the Immigration reform bill provide for more ICE agents? There are fewer ICE agents for the entire US than LAPD has Police officers? How can 5000 ICE agents enforce Immigration laws in the US? You can't just fix part of the Immigration problem and ignore the rest.  The immigration reform bill that passed the Senate includes the biggest investment in border security funding in our history.  This bill will double the size of the U.S. Border Patrol and require an additional 350 miles of fencing along the U.S.-Mexico border. #AskTim
Merry Susan Schafer Schreck: What are you doing to create jobs and get the economy moving??? Also, how about reducing out-of-control government spending and debt - the country is on a DISASTER track economically.  We can strengthen the recovery and create jobs by embracing the strategies that worked in the Commonwealth during my term as Governor. In March, the Senate approved a budget for 2014.  I supported this budget, a balanced proposal that will bolster our economic recovery and boost job creation while seriously tackling our deficit and debt in a credible way. This budget calls for an end to sequestration and protects investments in education, medical research, and infrastructure that will keep us the economic power of the world.  The Senate budget is a pro-growth plan that also includes $1.85 trillion in deficit reduction, stabilizing our nation’s finances.   I’ve gone to the Senate floor multiple times to call on my Republican colleagues to let us go to a conference with the House and pass a budget once and for all. So far they have objected but I’m optimistic we can find common ground and move forward on this critical issue.  #AskTim
Darren Page: #asktim I would like to see work done on marriage equality in Virginia. We will start loosing talented professionals if we don't make equality a priority. I plan on leaving VA in the next 5 years if marriage equality does not become a reality.  I agree with you, we must be a welcoming state to all individuals.   As Governor, I signed an executive order that banned state employers from discriminating against any group of people.  Not only is this the right thing to do but more businesses will choose Virginia because of its friendly environment & great place to do business.  I am proud to have been one of the 212 members of Congress who signed an amicus brief that challenges the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) before the U.S. Supreme Court. I am pleased that on June 26, 2013, the Supreme Court struck down DOMA as unconstitutional.  #AskTim
Kate Lauderdale: #AskTim What's your plan to getting immigration reform back on track? 11 million people living in the shadows (and growing), and many of them children who did not have a choice, is not good for our country, and our economy.  Senate bill is strong and I'm very proud of it.  We all need to explain to the House that failure is not an option. #AskTim
Allison Grace: Sen Kaine, what specifically are you doing to help the 79,000 Virginians currently losing 20% of their pay due to sequestration and the Federal furlough? Not interested in blame; interested in an immediate end to a situation which is bad for individuals and bad for the mission. Thank you for your consideration.  Sequester is a horrible idea.  Voted to turn it off in February--we had 53 votes but other side filibustered and we needed sixty.  Passed Senate budget in March replacing sequester with a more targeted plan that would have shrunk cuts and avoided furloughs--House not on board yet.  Now working to find a budget compromise that will get rid of sequester in fy 14 and beyond.
Today at noon I’ll hold my 1st ever Twitter & Facebook town hall. Use #AskTim to ask me a question & follow the conversation in real time on Twitter.
Ask me a question now using #AskTim and I’ll answer as many as I can at noon tomorrow on Twitter & Facebook. Share with your friends!
Remember to submit your questions for my 1st Twitter & Facebook town hall! Post on Facebook & tweet using #AskTim to send me your questions & follow the conversation on Wednesday at noon.
Grateful to Roanoke’s public safety professionals for rescuing and helping citizens during this week’s flash floods. Thank you, City Manager Morrill, Chief of Police Perkins, and Fire-EMS Chief Hoback.  I know the surrounding jurisdictions helped and I’m glad to know the Roanoke Valley works together in emergencies.
It’s been 6 months since I took office & I want to hear your feedback on what I’ve worked on so far and issues that matter most to you. Next Wednesday, July 17th at noon I’ll host my 1st Twitter & Facebook town hall to answer questions from Virginians. Starting now you can ask questions by tweeting, commenting on this post, or writing on my wall using #AskTim. Please join the town hall & spread the word by sharing this with your friends!
Middle East CODEL July 2013
Happy 4th of July! Honored to spend the day visiting Virginia troops in Afghanistan.
Manassas office open house, Taste of Manassas
Discussion with administrators, students, and financial aid officers at J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College in Richmond on Senator Kaine's efforts to stop the student loan rate hike & dinner at Mount Vernon to celebrate the legacy of George Washington.
Senator Kaine joined Herndon Mayor Lisa Merkel, town officials and local business owners for a tour of Herndon small businesses.
This week we celebrate the anniversary of our nation's independence. And on Thursday, in celebrations all over this country, someone will read those powerful words written by Virginian Thomas Jefferson:  "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal…"  On July 4, 1776, those famous words became the North Star in our nation's political and moral firmament.  They're always there to guide us.  We've often gone astray, but there are also pivotal moments when we reconnect with equality as America's foundational value.  Last week gave us two of these pivotal moments.  On Wednesday, the Supreme Court ruled that equality means equality for all.  The rulings striking down the discriminatory federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) law and allowing California to proceed with same-sex marriages were justly celebrated.  After years of advocacy, persistence and suffering by LGBT Americans, our society and the Supreme Court took a huge step toward Jefferson's vision for our nation.  I was proud to support the Congressional amicus brief challenging DOMA and am proud to now be a sponsor of the Respect for Marriage Act to repeal remaining aspects of DOMA and proactively create a federal policy that respects and honors same-sex marriages performed in the states.  On Thursday, the Senate passed by an overwhelming margin a comprehensive reform of the nation's immigration laws, affirming that we will continue to be a nation that welcomes people from around the world to make their futures here.  So many had waited so long for this moment--particularly the young DREAMers who have never known a home other than America.  I'm proud to have worked hard to support this reform.  Truly, it was a week where our nation reoriented toward the star of equality.  There is more to do to promote equal treatment of LGBT Americans and Senate passage of immigration reform must be followed by success in the House as well.   But, it feels good on this wonderful holiday to give thanks for our progress.  This week also marks the 150th Anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg. Lincoln came to Gettysburg after the battle and boldly stated that our nation was "dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal" while also asking the assembled audience whether a nation dedicated to equality "can long endure."  We've answered Lincoln's question--as all generations must--by affirming that we will endure so long as we steer by the ideal that has been at the heart of the American experiment since its very first day.
I had a great time talking with the barbers at Unique Reflections but told them my loyalty lies with my barber back in Richmond.
I always love stopping in Jimmy’s Tavern when I’m in Herndon. While I was there I met Flor, a DREAMer who was able to get hired there once she got authorization to work. Jimmy said she’s one of his best employees he’s had.
Kicked off my small business tour in Herndon today with a tour of Green Lizard Cycling, where I got some helpful biking tips and a cool pair of shades.
Hoy el senado aprobó el proyecto de ley para lograr una reforma migratoria integral con gran apoyo bipartidista  - la señal más clara que demuestra que independientemente del partido político nuestra nación está lista para reformar nuestro sistema de inmigración. Esta legislación mejora la seguridad fronteriza, actualiza nuestro sistema de visas para atraer el talento necesario para que nuestra economía crezca y crea un camino justo y riguroso a la legalización que incluye a los “DREAMers” quienes consideran a este país como su único hogar. Para estos jóvenes, esta legislación significará el tener la oportunidad de finalmente sentirse protegidos mientras adquieren una educación, se enlistan en el ejército, o buscan su primer trabajo.  Con la aprobación de esta importante legislación, estoy orgulloso de que estamos continuando la tradición de los pobladores ingleses quien ayudaron a dar inicio a la gran historia de nuestra nación como una nación de inmigrantes cuando llegaron a Jamestown en 1607. Inmigrantes siguen contribuyendo enormemente a la riqueza de nuestro estado de Virginia y de nuestro país, y el día de hoy hemos demostrado que no solo somos una nación de leyes, sino también una nación de justicia e igualdad. Ahora que esta legislación pasa a la cámara de representantes, tengo la esperanza de que el voto de hoy manda un mensaje claro de que este proyecto de ley no es republicano o demócrata, sino bipartidista – una legislación que es buena para nuestra economía y fortalece los intereses de toda la nación.
Today the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform legislation with significant bipartisan support – the clearest signal yet that regardless of party, our nation is ready to fix our broken immigration system. This bill improves border security, updates our visa system to attract the talent needed to grow our economy, and creates a fair and rigorous path to legalization that includes the DREAMers who have only known this country as home. For these young people, this legislation will mean a chance to finally feel protected as they pursue an education, join the military, or search for their first job.   With passage of this important legislation, I’m proud that we’re continuing in the tradition of the English settlers who helped begin our nation’s great history as an immigrant nation when they landed at Jamestown in 1607. Immigrants continue to contribute greatly to the richness of our Commonwealth and our country, and today we have demonstrated that while we are a nation of laws, we are also a nation of fairness and equality. As this bill moves to the House, I am hopeful that today’s vote sends a clear message that this is not a Republican bill or a Democratic bill, but a strong bipartisan bill - one that’s good for our economy and serves the interests of the entire nation.
Today I joined 30 of my colleagues to thank Texas State Sen. Wendy Davis, who showed great courage & determination yesterday as she stood up for women's health. Here's the letter we sent:  Dear Senator Davis:  Thank you for your courage and determination in defeating S.B. 5, a bill that would have severely limited women’s reproductive choices in Texas. Your steadfastness sets an example that one person’s voice and commitment can make a difference. As Senators, we were awestruck as we watched you stand on the Senate floor of the Texas Legislature for hours in the face of ideologically based attempts to pass legislation that would threaten women’s health. Thanks to your dedication, Texas and the rest of the country will rethink efforts to enact similar laws. We are proud to call you an ally and a friend.
Today’s Supreme Court decisions are an enormous victory for thousands of committed couples and their families across the country and a major step toward marriage equality. In ruling the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional, the Court has affirmed the principle that every legally married couple has the same right to equal benefits and responsibilities. I stand with same-sex couples and their loved ones in applauding the decision to affirm the equal treatment of all married couples under the law.
Passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce our deficit by an estimated $890 billion through 2033. In Virginia alone, it will create an estimated 20,280 jobs and boost our economy by $5.2 billion. We must pass this critical legislation that will help millions of families and grow our economy.
Today, the President laid out a series of steps to address the negative effects of carbon pollution on our environment.   I applaud the focus and am studying the details of the proposal with care.   I believe the scientific consensus that we must reduce our reliance on carbon-based energy.   America has reduced carbon dioxide emissions by 9 percent since 2005 through innovation in energy use and production, dramatic improvements in energy efficiency and smart policy choices.  We need to continue to make energy cleaner tomorrow than today as a strategy to tackle climate issues.  For this reason, I have recently advocated that we avoid use of tar sands oil.   At the same time, there is no realistic plan that involves eliminating fossil fuel in the short or mid-term.   We must reduce our carbon usage wisely through regulations that properly phase in new requirements over time and don’t unduly impact communities that rely on coal production. And, as we do so, we can scale up our investments in low and no carbon energy sources in ways that will increase American jobs.  As in so many areas, this is fundamentally about finding a balanced approach that capitalizes on American innovation.  I look forward to tackling that challenge with businesses, researchers, my Senate colleagues and, especially, Virginians who believe that economic growth and environmental stewardship can go hand in hand.
The Supreme Court’s decision to uphold the validity of the Voting Rights Act preclearance requirement but specify that Congress must grapple anew with the appropriate geographic application of the technique raises serious concerns, particularly with regard to how voting rights will be protected in the interim in places where discrimination still exists.  As a former member of state and local elected bodies subject to preclearance rules, I have generally found the process straightforward and, given the importance of voting, not onerous. I look forward to working with my Congressional colleagues to determine how we can continue to rigorously protect the voting rights of all. In the meantime, I would advocate that jurisdictions continue to submit voting changes to the Department of Justice for preclearance as a sign to their own constituents that they are committed to ensuring equal voting rights.
It was great to see my friends Sen. Mark Warner, Gov. Bob McDonnell & former Sen. John Warner at Mount Vernon last night to celebrate the legacy of our 1st president.
This afternoon I held a roundtable with students, administrators & financial aid officers at J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College in Richmond to discuss my efforts to avoid the doubling of interest rates that will impact 179,000 Virginia students on July 1 if Congress doesn’t act.  It’s critical that we stop this rate hike and work to increase access to higher education.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the open house at our Manassas office yesterday! Enjoyed talking with Virginians about their questions & concerns & ways my office can help.
Today I joined emerging civil society leaders at a German Marshall Fund event in Charlottesville to discuss Middle East & North Africa transitions & the importance of their work.
Someday when I am long retired from the Senate and kids ask me what I did for energy and the environment, I want to tell them a story about how the United States led the way with innovative solutions that created jobs, reduced pollution and tackled our energy challenges head-on. Read my op-ed in the Washington Post on why the President should block the Keystone XL Project:
This afternoon I met w/ Secretary Shinseki about critical issues facing our veterans and the VA, including the disability claims backlog and the tragic rate of veteran suicides. I was encouraged to hear first-hand from Secretary Shinseki about the VA’s technological and process improvements and the significant news that 97 percent of all claims over two years old have been eliminated from the backlog.  The Secretary and I also had a good dialogue on the high unemployment rate for returning veterans and discussed some of the strategies included in my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, to connect those who have served our nation with good jobs that match their training. The skills our servicemembers receive are invaluable to our economy and we need to do more to pair veterans with the credentials the private sector can understand.
Enjoyed talking with PBS NewsHour’s Ray Suarez about the need to pass commonsense immigration reform. Check out our conversation here:
I’m proud to join 28 of my colleagues in the Senate to co-sponsor legislation that recognizes today as Juneteenth Independence Day. It is fitting that the statue of Frederick Douglass, a true American hero, was unveiled this morning in Emancipation Hall. It’s critical we raise awareness of this significant day in American history.
As a supporter of the recent decision to lift the ban on women in combat, I’m pleased military leaders have released plans today to begin training women for expanded combat roles as early as 2015.  Women have faced personal risk in combat zones for some time and it’s critical that their sacrifice is recognized and their service is unrestricted by their gender.
Welcome home to the Fort Lee soldiers returning today from 6 months in Kuwait & Afghanistan. Thankful for their service & safe return!
Hoy di un discurso en español en la cámara del senado para urgir la aprobación de una reforma migratoria integral. Esta legislación se enfocará mucho más en  la seguridad fronteriza, en mejorar nuestra lista de visas pendientes, en fortalecer nuestro sistema de verificación de empleo, y en establecer medidas para afrontar los inmigrantes que vendrán en el futuro que cualquier otra legislación migratoria en nuestra historia. Vean partes sobresalientes de mi discurso aquí:
Today I delivered remarks in Spanish on the Senate floor to call for passage of commonsense immigration reform. This bill will do more for border security, more to improve our current backlog, more to strengthen our employment verification system, and more to put measures in place to deal with the future flow of immigrants than any other immigration bill in history. Watch highlights of my speech here:
50 years ago today, Bloody Monday marked the most violent day for the civil rights movement in the Commonwealth.  Today we remember the bravery of the protesters who peacefully marched to the Danville Municipal Building to protest segregation. While we celebrate the tremendous progress made since the civil rights movement, let’s renew our shared commitment to equal opportunity for all.
On the 50th anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, we still have work to do to ensure equal pay for equal work. Women in Virginia are paid 78 cents for every dollar paid to men, which jeopardizes the economic security of women and their families. I’m proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act to close loopholes in the Equal Pay Act, strengthen workplace protections and help end wage discrimination.
I’m proud to co-sponsor the Student Loan Affordability Act of 2013 to keep student loan interest rates low. If Congress doesn’t act, 7+ million students will be hit by a rate hike on July 1st. In Virginia alone, more than 179,000 students have student loans. Passing this legislation will save them an average of nearly $1000 annually. We can’t allow their debt to rise even higher.
Joined Andrea Mitchell Reports to talk about what needs to be done to confront the military sexual assault crisis.
We must act now to end the military sexual assault crisis. I recently met with cadets from the Virginia Women’s Institute for Leadership at Mary Baldwin College. I spoke with these young women about the privilege and honor of serving their country. It is up to us to preserve that privilege and to protect the trust young people feel when they put their lives on the line to serve. Anything less would be an abdication of duty.   Read my op-ed in today’s Virginian-Pilot
Had a great time hosting a pizza party for the Senate pages this afternoon with my friend Senator Deb Fischer.
Just toured Ted’s Last Stand Farm & Gardens in Gordonsville and spoke with farmers about my support for a full five-year farm bill to provide farmers in Virginia and across the nation with the long-term certainty they deserve.
Held a roundtable discussion with local farmers in Charlottesville on how passing a long-term farm bill will help Virginia’s farmers and agriculture industry.
I toured the Norfolk Naval Shipyard & received helpful feedback from shipyard employees on priorities for the National Defense Authorization Act that the Senate Armed Services Committee will be marking up in the coming weeks.
Speaking with shipyard employees at Norfolk Naval Shipyard
I attended Memorial Day events in Richmond and Amelia to pay tribute to the men and women in uniform who have given their lives in service to our country.
Take a look at the newest Commonwealth Connection post by my traveling aide Heath to see what Anne and I did in Abingdon and Damascus last weekend. I loved getting to play harmonica on stage with Richard Leigh and the Sons of Bluegrass. Don’t miss our playlist from the drive!
Today I spoke at the annual McGuire VA Medical Center Memorial Day program to honor the men & women who gave their lives serving our nation.
Congratulations to the Virginia National Guard for earning national awards recognizing excellence. Two Virginia National Guard battalions were named the best in the nation, a Virginia Guard military police company earned the highest marksmanship scores in the U.S., and the Gate-City based 1032nd Transportation Company, 1030th Transportation Battalion, 329th Regional Support Group won an award for excellence in Army food service.  As governor I was proud to serve as the Commander of the Virginia National Guard and I am thankful for their service and sacrifice.
I attended Memorial Day events in Richmond and Amelia to pay tribute to the men and women in uniform who have given their lives in service to our country.
More than 400 years after the founding of the first American colony in Jamestown, we owe it to Virginia’s Indian tribes to see that their rightful status is recognized at the federal level and in the history of our nation. For too long they’ve paid the price for the careless practices and policies of others. Today, I’m proud to join the Virginia Delegation to seek the recognition of 6 Virginia Native American tribes in the U.S. Senate.
Proud to join Senator Mark Warner to co-sponsor a bill to expand offshore energy leases & direct revenues to Virginia. This legislation will bolster our energy security, create jobs & support important priorities across the Commonwealth.
Spoke with Fox 5's Tom Fitzgerald about the Troop Talent Act at my roundtable with Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth, veterans and business leaders in Alexandria yesterday
Rep. Duckworth and I spoke with nearly 80 veterans and business leaders about my first bill, the Troop Talent Act
Senator Kaine and his wife Anne Holton attend the second annual 5K walk to honor foster families and raise awareness about foster care and adoption.
Check out my new easy-to-use website to see what I've been up to across Virginia, write me a message to share your opinions or let my office know how we can help. The new site includes a Tim's Travels section highlighting some of my stops across the Commonwealth, information on constituent services we provide and extensive Spanish language pages.
I’m proud to join two measures to combat sexual assault in the military in the wake of continuing reports of increased failures to adequately address unwanted sexual contact within the Armed Forces. We must take immediate action to prevent these horrific crimes, punish offenders and ensure survivors have a secure and reliable system to report any unwanted sexual conduct and access the care and support they may need.
Happy 406th birthday to the Virginia National Guard! As governor, I was proud to serve as their Commander and I'll continue to support them as senator.
Had a great time talking with Herndon High School students about bipartisanship, the budget & our favorite U.S. presidents this afternoon.
During National Police Week, let's all take the time to thank police officers in Virginia and across the U.S. for their hard work and bravery.
Thanks to Speaker Bill Howell (R-Fredericksburg) for joining me today for the announcement of my bill to preserve historic battlegrounds. When I was Governor, I worked with him to make land conservation a priority and we announced the successful conservation of more than 400,000 acres of open space across Virginia.
Just announced the American Battlefield Protection Program Amendments Act at Slaughter Pen Farm at the Fredericksburg battlefield. This bipartisan legislation co-sponsored by Senator Thad Cochran (R-MS) will preserve historic battlegrounds, boosting tourism and conserving land while preserving the nation’s heritage.
I was honored to join members of the Virginia delegation to present Congressional Badges of Bravery to 7 heroic DEA agents from Virginia, including Special Agent Joe Piersante who sustained a severe head injury in 2011 under Taliban gunfire and survived because of the bravery of his team members.
I have been blessed with many great teachers.  Today I remember my first grade teacher Mrs. Hatley (Trailwood Elementary School, Overland Park, Kansas).  She held a contest to see who could read the most books in a year and wedded my innate competitive spirit to learning to read.  Soon enjoyment replaced the blue ribbon as my motivation and the joy of reading is as alive today as it was 50 years ago.
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
Ending a great week at the annual Apple Blossom Festival and Firefighters' Parade in Winchester.
Spent the afternoon in Leesburg hearing from the local business community & talking about how the Marketplace Fairness Act would benefit them.
Just visited the Eden Center in Falls Church where I spoke with members of the Asian American community about immigration reform and other issues impacting their businesses. I also went to a deli I visited the day before the election in November. Must be good luck!
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
Just left Virginia Bio’s 20th anniversary celebration in Charlottesville. Biotechnology and bioscience are important fields for Virginia's economic future.
Just finished an economic development tour in Waynesboro where I spoke with local business owners like Kevin Little about how we can help them grow & thrive
Just spoke with women business leaders in Harrisonburg about the Marketplace Fairness Act, VA backlog & other critical issues impacting Virginians
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
Quick stop at Wright's Dairy Rite in Staunton for a chocolate shake
Just visited the Virginia Women’s Institute for Leadership at Mary Baldwin College in Staunton and spoke with female cadets about the future of the military, importance of service and my support for the recent decision by the Joint Chiefs of Staff to allow women to serve in combat units.
After touring local businesses in downtown Roanoke, I stopped at Billy's for some delicious fish tacos.
I learned a lot from my discussion this morning with Mayor Bowers, the Roanoke Regional Chamber of Commerce & other local business leaders on economic revitalization in Roanoke.
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
This afternoon I joined Congressman Randy Forbes & officials from Emporia & Greensville County for a town briefing on economic development and a discussion on helping local businesses compete and thrive, and then toured the West Atlantic Street and Belfield Historic District neighborhood revitalization projects.
Just met with Virginia National Guard families in Emporia. Many of their loved ones have had multiple deployments. Their resilience is inspiring.
Stops in Emporia, Roanoke, Staunton, Harrisonburg, Waynesboro, Charlottesville, Falls Church, Leesburg and Winchester
I’m proud to work with Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth as she introduces the Troop Talent Act in the House of Representatives. This legislation will help veterans as they transition to the civilian workforce.
There's a great event happening at the White House today - the White House Forum on Military Credentialing and Licensing. It's being hosted by First Lady Michelle Obama as part of the Joining Forces initiative and will include discussion on a new partnership with the Information Technology Industry to help servicemembers receive certifications that will help connect them with high-demand jobs when they transition from military service. It's critical we continue to support our servicemembers as they enter the civilian workforce and I'm proud my first bill, the Troop Talent Act, and public-private partnerships like the one announced by the administration today will help in that effort.
I believe development of offshore resources will be beneficial to Virginia’s economy and our nation’s energy security. I look forward to working with Rep. Rigell, Senator Warner and the rest of the Virginia delegation on advancing this priority in Congress.
I’m proud to co-sponsor the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) that would ban workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.  As Governor, I signed an executive order to ban discrimination against state employees, including on the basis of sexual orientation and I will continue to support efforts to ensure equal treatment under the law. All people should be guaranteed equal rights.
Very pleased Sylvia Mathews Burwell was confirmed as OMB Director today. She is the right person for the job.
Today I questioned Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki on serious delays in mental health care treatment a Virginia veteran experienced due to a loophole in a website application form. I recently learned about this loophole from a Hampton Roads area veteran who had experienced a 10 month delay when he contacted the VA to seek mental health assistance. This is unacceptable. Once a veteran has asked for help, especially mental health services, a backlog of months poses serious risks. I've written a letter to Secretary Shinseki calling for the necessary changes to ensure this situation doesn’t happen again.
I had a great discussion this afternoon with Oracle employees in Reston about ways we can attract talent to Virginia, including through immigration reform.
Have a great Earth Day and National Park Week. One of my favorite outdoor spots is Crabtree Falls in Nelson County. What are some of yours?
On the sixth anniversary of the horrible shootings at Virginia Tech yesterday, I took to the Senate floor to remember the 32 Hokies who lost their lives.  The tragedy happened after a dangerous young man illegally purchased weapons due to flaws in the background records check system.   I told the story of Liviu Librescu, a professor who lost his life barricading a classroom door with his body so that his students could escape to safety.  I hoped that Professor Librescu's example of selfless courage would embolden my colleagues to vote to reduce gun violence.  Instead, a minority of the Senate chose to use the filibuster to block a 54-member majority from passing a reasonable expansion of our nation's criminal background record check system.   I'm very disappointed that we missed a chance to make our country safer.
"We do not have to put our body in front of bullets to keep people safe...all we have to do is cast votes"
It's been 6 years since the tragedy at Virginia Tech. Today we remember those lost and the heroism shown in the face of horrific violence.
Anne & I had a great time learning about the new James River Ecology School this afternoon
I am disappointed in the approval of burdensome regulations for clinics that will jeopardize access to health care services – including lifesaving cancer screenings and preventive care - for women in the Commonwealth. I will continue to reject attempts to restrict access to full reproductive health care, including the constitutional right to abortion, and urge lawmakers to focus on areas that bring Virginians together instead of these divisive social issues.
Yesterday I gave a speech to formally introduce my first Senate bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, which is co-sponsored by Senators Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) and Max Baucus (D-MT)
Today I introduced my first bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, along with Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) and Senator Max Baucus (D-MT). This bill would help ease the transition of servicemembers from active duty to the civilian workforce by improving the alignment of specialty skills acquired in the military with civilian credentials or licenses required for post-service employment.
On Equal Pay Day, let’s recommit ourselves to working toward equal pay for equal work. Today marks the number of days into the new year the average woman would have to work to earn the same amount her male counterparts earned last year.  According to 2012 data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, in Virginia, the average weekly earnings for men working full-time was $951 compared to $756 for women working full time. Women, in Virginia, only earn 79.5% of what men earn despite completing equal work, which is slightly worse than the national average. Virginia – and the nation – must do better.   I’m pleased the pay gap has narrowed over the past 30 years and I was proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act last month that builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, but we need to keep taking steps to tackle wage discrimination. This isn’t a women’s issue, it’s a family issue. Reducing the persistent wage gap is good for Virginia families, many of whom rely on two incomes to make ends meet, and will also help strengthen communities across the Commonwealth. This should be a goal that all of our nation’s leaders support and I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to achieve paycheck fairness in Virginia and across the United States.
Read my op-ed in the Virginian-Pilot calling on the Senate to vote on gun violence measures.  I'm ready to vote yes on limits to combat-style weapons and universal background checks to reduce gun violence and protect public safety.
My daughter Annella and I just finished 2 days on Chincoteague.  Visiting NASA Wallops, touring the Seashore and Wildlife Refuge and dialogue with citizens about town future.  A beautiful part of the world.  And--great ice cream at Mr. Whippy!
On Wednesday I met with Lynchburg Airport Director Mark Courtney about the planned May 5th closure of the Lynchburg tower.  I’m pleased FAA has pushed back the closure of 149 contract towers nationwide, including the one in Lynchburg, until June 15th. This is a step in the right direction.
Stops in Hampton, Norfolk, Virginia Beach, Prince George County, Richmond, Fort Lee, Lynchburg, Charlottesville, Wallops Island, Assateague & Chincoteague
Hope everyone has a relaxing weekend! Excited to spend mine with family on the beautiful Eastern Shore
Thanks to Mayor Tarr & the other local leaders that met with me in Chincoteague to discuss beach access to Assateague & other issues impacting the Eastern Shore
Thanks to folks for the tour of Assateague beach this morning. Such a national treasure and a great destination for families.
Just toured the NASA facility on Wallops Island where I toured the Antares Rocket and the pad it will be launched from on April 17th. Wallops Island will play an important role  in the future of NASA and the next generation of space exploration.
Just stopped by the Parksley Volunteer Fire Department to thank them for all they've done to respond to the recent string of arsons on the Eastern Shore.
During a guest lecture to Professor Larry Sabato's Intro to American Politics class at UVA, I described my first three months as a Senator and talked about the importance of civility in politics and focusing on points of agreement between the two parties.
I learned a lot from my discussion with veterans in Lynchburg this morning about my first Senate bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013. It’s critical we support veterans as they enter the civilian workforce.
Spoke with NBC12's Diane Walker about my bill that would help transitioning veterans enter the civilian workforce
FACT SHEET: Troop Talent Act of 2013
Spoke with CBS6's Julie Bragg about the announcement of my first Senate bill
On my tour of the Rolls Royce manufacturing facility in Prince George County I talked with Sam Tignor and Keith Brown from the shop floor team about the importance of workforce training programs like the ones they are enrolled in.
I'm proud to announce my first Senate bill, the Troop Talent Act of 2013, that will increase and streamline credentialing for veterans to ease their transition to the civilian workforce. Looking forward to sharing more about this effort in Richmond this afternoon.
Just toured Fort Lee and spoke about their credentialing program and how it helps ease veterans' transition to the civilian workforce.
Just spoke with employees and military family customers at the Naval Air Station Oceana commissary about how potential closure days would impact their lives
I learned a lot from my discussion this afternoon with Blue Star Families military families in Norfolk on ways we can support our servicemembers.
Just left Langley Air Force Base in Hampton where I toured the facilities and talked with commanding officers about recent budget certainty progress and the work still in front of us.
Congratulations to my friend Lacey Putney for an amazing career of service. We're on different sides politically, but I've long admired his energy and civility.
Today I joined Senators Mark Warner and Mazie Hirono for a conversation on the Senate floor about why we need to pass the Senate budget that replaces harmful, across-the-board sequester cuts with a balanced approach.
Check out my NCAA tournament bracket. I have my hometown team VCU going to the final four and Miami for the win. What are your picks?
I enjoyed talking with Virginians Lorena Rios, Lucero Soto Wiley, Dr. Jorge Ribas, and Jaime Barón about issues impacting Hispanic businesses, which are the fastest growing businesses in the country.
This morning I spoke with the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce about the strong contributions of the Latino business community and the work that needs to be done to reduce red tape for start-ups and eliminate roadblocks that make it difficult for minority-owned businesses to prosper and create jobs.
Thanks to representatives from Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America for coming by to meet with me today. It’s critical that we aid veterans as they make the transition to civilian life.
Happy National Agriculture Day! Thanks to the hard working farmers across Virginia that make up the Commonwealth's largest industry.
Hey folks – I wanted to give you a look at what I’ve been up to over my first couple months in the Senate. I’ll use this page to give you updates on the work I’m doing in Washington, as well as the places I go and the people I meet across Virginia. Please share this page with your friends!
Attended a wonderful keel laying of the USS John Warner at Newport News Shipyard. A dear friend and great American honored with a nuclear sub built by the greatest shipbuilders in the world.
Joined Senator Tom Coburn, Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, Congressman Cory Gardner, and MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough on NBC’s Meet the Press with David Gregory. During the discussion I called for an end to governing by crisis in favor of a return to an orderly budget process.
Toured HDT Robotics in Fredericksburg where I discussed the harmful impact of budget uncertainty on small businesses. HDT employees demonstrated the state-of-the-art technologies they produce that disable IEDs and protect soldiers in the field and described how congressional budget uncertainty has made it difficult for them to recruit and hire Virginia graduates as they traditionally do.
NA
During a Senate Armed Services hearing with General James N. Mattis, Commander of U.S. Central Command, and other top Pentagon officials, I discussed the impact of sequestration and continued budget uncertainty on Virginia and the nation’s military readiness.
Met with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, Deputy Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and other top officials at the Pentagon to discuss sequestration’s damaging effects on Virginia
I was proud to join 212 members of the House and Senate in filing a brief with the Supreme Court that details why we believe Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act should be ruled unconstitutional. I hope there's an end in sight to the continued discrimination against thousands of committed couples across the country.
Joined Allison Seymour on Fox 5 to make the case for why we need a balanced, specific and accountable approach to replace across-the-board sequester cuts.
Joined Chuck Todd on the Daily Rundown to talk about how we can find a compromise, balanced plan to replace damaging sequester cuts & budget uncertainty.
I wished the Peace Corps a happy 52nd anniversary. I’m honored to serve on the Foreign Relations Committee and Chair the subcommittee that oversees the Peace Corps. I’m so proud of all the Peace Corps volunteers who make the brave choice to dedicate their time to serve others, including my niece, who just returned from 27 months in Cameroon. Check out the video I made to thank them for their service.
I delivered my first speech on the Senate floor. I decided to speak earlier than new Senators typically do because I felt it was so important to address the devastating impact sequestration and budget uncertainty would have on Virginians.
Enjoyed another chance to talk to the Morning Joe gang. I talked about my conversations with military personnel across Virginia and continued to advocate returning to an orderly budget process that would provide certainty for families and businesses in Virginia and across the country.
Joined Representatives Moran and Connolly at Reagan National Airport to speak about the impact of sequestration and budget uncertainty on workers across Virginia.
Was on CBS’ Face the Nation to discuss the impact of sequestration in Virginia and make the case for a compromise to avert it taking effect.
I concluded my defense tour with a visit to the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in my hometown of Richmond where I toured the hospital’s cardiothoracic surgery unit, polytrauma unit, and rehabilitation center.
Met with wounded warriors and their families to discuss continuing care for veterans at the Globe and Laurel in Stafford (great pot roast!)
Met with members of the Virginia National Guard 116th Infantry Brigade Combat Team and toured their facilities in Staunton. The 116th has an extraordinary history dating back to before the French and Indian War.
I ended the day with a tour of the training facilities at the Marine Corps Base Quantico. As a member of the Armed Services Committee and the Subcommittee on Personnel, I know delayed trainings and missions harm our security and our service members. Congress must do better and I am committed to working with all members to reach a compromise and protect our defense community.
Met with Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) units at the University of Virginia. If these cadets are the future of our military then our future is bright.
I finished the day with a tour of the Salem VA Medical Center. The hospital’s commitment to reaching veterans in rural areas and providing job assistance to increase employment should be a model for veterans’ hospitals across the nation.
I was honored to introduce Secretary of State John Kerry at UVA before his first major foreign policy speech.
I kicked off my four-day defense tour as a new member of the Senate Armed Services Committee with stops in Hampton Roads to discuss military readiness, shipbuilding, and the damaging effects of sequestration that were already being felt in Virginia.
At Naval Station Norfolk, the largest U.S. Navy base in the world and the largest military installation in Virginia, I heard directly about the impact the USS Truman delay will have on thousands of sailors and their families.
I began the day with a tour of Newport News Shipbuilding which employs more than 22,000 Virginians.
NA
During a discussion with folks from shipyards in Hampton Roads I learned more about the damaging effects sequestration would have on ship repairs
Vean mi entrevista con CNN Español sobre el discurso del Estado de la Unión del Presidente  http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/spanish/2013/02/14/dir-sen-kaine-post-sotu.cnn
Met with members of the education community at the Campagna Center in Alexandria where we discussed the effects sequestration and budget uncertainty would have on critical programs like special education, career and technical education and Head Start.
I was proud to cosponsor and vote for the Violence Against Women Act that provides essential protection for victims of sexual violence and domestic abuse. As Governor, I worked to update domestic violence laws, improve the treatment of victims, and provide additional resources to first responders.
Had an op-ed published in the Richmond Times-Dispatch on the importance of getting our budget back on track and averting sequestration cuts that would harm Virginia.  The best chance of getting our fiscal house in order to grow the economy for the long term is returning to an orderly budget process.
Traveled to Fort Belvoir to visit the hospital, participate in a roundtable discussion with wounded warriors, and tour the base. I was honored to meet with wounded warriors and members of their families to hear their concerns and their advice for me in the Senate. These servicemen and women deserve nothing less than our complete support.
At an Armed Services Committee hearing I questioned Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey on the devastating effects sequestration was already having in Virginia, including the delayed deployment of the USS Harry S. Truman, an aircraft carrier based out of Norfolk, which has affected more than 5,000 sailors and means a diminished presence of the U.S. Military in the Middle East.
Met with defense contractors in Arlington to discuss our nation’s fiscal challenges and how sequestration and budget uncertainty would impact the defense industry and Northern Virginia’s economy.
In my hometown of Richmond I met with Vice President Biden, Administration officials and experts who worked on gun safety issues in the wake of the Virginia Tech tragedy to discuss the steps we need to take to reduce gun violence. During the discussion I was able to share some of the measures we implemented in Virginia to curb incidences of gun violence and mass shootings by improving our background check system, changing standards for mental health treatment and improving campus security. (Official White House Photo by David Lienemann)
I was proud to cast my first vote as a U.S. Senator in favor of filibuster reform. While this legislation is not perfect, the Senate has been in desperate need of filibuster reform that would help end the gridlock in Washington that has long frustrated Virginians.
Joined members of the First African Baptist Church for a clean-up of Battery Park in my neighborhood in Richmond as part of the National Day of Service honoring Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Had an op-ed published in the Washington Post about concrete steps we can take to reduce gun violence. http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-01-14/opinions/36343947_1_gun-violence-gun-ownership-brady-campaign
Spent a great day in Southside. Started the morning with a visit to Essel Propack’s facility in Danville, followed by a roundtable discussion on manufacturing at RTI, and ended the visit at the New College Institute. Throughout the day I discussed the importance of promoting additional growth and hiring by improving workforce training, increasing access to capital and reducing regulations.
I was sworn in as Senator
