The Wall Street Casino is alive and well. Last week it was Congress granting the big banks the right to keep trading on banned risky derivatives with government backing. This week it is the Fed granting big banks two more years to make big bets through direct ownership of private equity and hedge funds.    It all amounts to the same thing – spineless accommodation of the big banks’ desire to run taxpayer-subsidized hedge funds. This is wrong for taxpayers and it is wrong for the stability of our banking system.
WATCH: A special edition of "Rewrite" on The Last Word With Lawrence O'Donnell: What happens when you rewrite Senate rules.
Marcus Mariota rocks! First Duck to win #HeismanTrophy. We're so proud.
The Newport Coast Guard helicopter is essential to the safety of fishermen, recreational boaters, and tourists on our coast. This week's news is a literal lifesaver for our coastal communities.
In dozens of states across the country, LGBT Americans lack the basic nondiscrimination protections that so many of us take for granted. As Lyndon B. Johnson said, it is time now to write the next chapter – and to write it in the books of law.
Like and share if you agree: EPA's carbon pollution rule can do even more to avoid catastrophic climate change. #ActOnClimate
Last year, our nation and our democracy were threatened by partisan obstruction that was packing our courts and preventing our agencies from doing their jobs. Thanks to the fight to fix the Senate and to the historic rule change, there's a cop on the beat to stand up for consumers against Wall Street, putting billions of dollars back in the pockets of ordinary consumers – and much, much more. Read the Bend Bulletin’s report on how last year’s historic rules change has made a real difference:
The deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner are tragic, and my thoughts are with their families and friends during this difficult time. Their deaths, and those of too many others, mostly men and youth of color, have sparked a broader conversation about race and justice in America. This is a conversation that is greatly needed, and that we should all use as a catalyst to reflect on our current criminal justice system and how we can better work together to protect all Americans. Justice should be blind, but these kinds of tragedies and the raw statistics make clear that we have far to go, which is why I support the Justice Department's independent investigations into the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. I also fully support the President's call for expanded use of body cameras, but we also must realize that fixing our society requires more of us than any single policy solution. I hope that out of this conversation, we are able to work together as communities and create change that will advance equality and make our communities safer for all -- not just in Ferguson or New York, but all across America.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Had lots of fun yesterday visiting some of our local small businesses with Little Boxes and Commissioner Nick Fish!   Taking the time to shop locally during the holidays is a simple step to help our small businesses thrive. Small businesses are key to our economic success, and I encourage everyone to spend Thanksgiving celebrating family and friends and then take some time during the weekend to explore and shop Oregon’s small businesses.
A big bank pleads guilty to criminal tax evasion.  Q: How many people go to jail for those crimes?  A: 0.
I just left the Senate Floor, where we defeated a bill that would have fast-tracked the Keystone XL Pipeline.  Earlier today, I spoke on the floor about the urgency of defeating this legislation and saying “no” to the pipeline. Please “like” and “share” to celebrate tonight’s victory and recommit to protecting our environment and economy for future generations!
Congratulations to my good friend U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren. Our party – and our country – are stronger when we fight to make America work for working Americans.
The economic security of American middle class families depends on tackling climate change – especially here in Oregon, where our farming, fishing, and forestry industries are already threatened. That’s why the announcement that the two largest economies in the world are committing together to cutting carbon pollution is so important.
Thank you Human Rights Campaign! #EqualityForAll
Happy #NationalManufacturingDay! If we don’t make things in America, we won’t have a middle class in America. Today, let’s celebrate the Made-in-Oregon manufacturing that drives our economy and is a major source of the good, living-wage jobs that are so crucial to our state.
Our veterans have stood up for us, and we must stand up for them. No one who has fought for our country overseas should return home to sleep on the streets or in a homeless shelter. It’s great news that Oregon will have more resources to ensure that our vets and their families receive the support they deserve as they transition back to civilian life.
L’Shanah Tovah! A happy and sweet New Year to everyone in Oregon celebrating #RoshHashanah.
FACT: Total student loan debt now surpasses both credit card & auto loan debt. #HigherEdNotDebt
Today Jeff joined colleagues in calling on Senate Republicans to stop stalling progress on a range of issues that would give America’s middle-class families a fair shot, particularly the Fair Minimum Wage Act, which would raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 and provide automatic annual increases linked to changes in the cost of living.
ICYMI: Merkley urges Senate to make college more affordable:
Congrats to the Hillsboro Hops – the 2014 Northwest League Champs! 
Real incomes have essentially been flat for working America since the mid-1970s while the real cost of college has risen fast. #DegreesNotDebt
Rising costs are putting college out of reach for more & more Americans – we must do all we can to change this dynamic.
What's wrong with this picture? #RaiseTheWage
It's Food Safety Month -- a reminder it’s time for our chemical laws to catch up with science: http://1.usa.gov/1pJYHEt
If the federal minimum wage had kept up with inflation since 1968, it would be worth about $10.56 per hour today. #RaiseTheWage
Ballooning student loan debt is a huge burden on recent graduates & our entire economy -- inaction is unacceptable.
Congrats to McMinnville for being named one of the best Main Streets in America!
Enjoyed the Oregon Coast Economic Summit Wednesday & this view of Fern Ridge Lake on my way home.
I agree with the Air Line Pilots Association & the AFL-CIO: The Department of Transportation must uphold strong safety & labor regulations for passengers & crew on all flights.
ICYMI: "Oregon Senators, Fire Chiefs See Gaps In Proposed Oil Train Rules”
Jeff discusses need to strengthen oil train rules to protect Oregon families with Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) Dep. Admin. Tim Butters at roundtable discussion in Eugene today.
We can’t afford for higher education to become a luxury that is out of reach of the middle class.
Restoring the purchasing power of the minimum wage is essential for American families to have fair shot at the American Dream. 
8 weeks of groceries, 21 tanks of gas, or 12 months of electricity -- that's what $10.10/hour means for a full-time minimum-wage worker in Oregon. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is protecting troops from unfair & deceptive practices -- perfect example of why we fought for it.
Today Social Security turns 79 – a lifeline for seniors & a covenant we must protect.
With wind energy, we can create good jobs & growth while building a more sustainable, low-carbon economy.
We need to make sure that our children are the most educated and well prepared for the global economy.
You shouldn’t have to pay more on your mortgage or credit card just because you had the bad luck to need medical care: 
Share if you agree: There are few places more beautiful than Crater Lake!  (Photo credit: Dave James, National Park Service)
Great to catch up with Linda Campbell yesterday – read her inspiring story here: http://blog.oregonlive.com/oregonatwar/2013/02/in_a_first_va_approves_request.html
Great to talk with high school students from Portland & Eugene this week. Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs
Medicare turns 49 today -- a reminder that the Senate should pass the Medicare Protection Act to honor its covenant with seniors:   
Great news: My bipartisan measure, which made it into the VA Reform compromise, ensures that spouses of fallen soldiers can rebuild their lives & provide for their children: 
The best part of my day:
"New Merkley bill would expedite phase-out some of the most harmful chemicals identified by scientists"
It has been 5 years since the last federal minimum wage increase went into effect – share if you think it’s time to bring the minimum wage up to match today’s cost of living. #1010Now
My thoughts and prayers are with the families and communities being impacted by the ongoing wildfires in Oregon.  Please know I am monitoring the situation and will keep working to secure adequate resources to mitigate and manage these fires as well as additional funds to prevent future fires.
Share if you agree: Bosses don’t belong in our bedrooms or our doctor’s exam rooms.
Thank you to all who joined me in Portland today to call for Congress to keep bosses out of their employees’ health care decisions!  Read more here: http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=6f1db3e2-ba7f-41bc-8201-b346f1721163
Choosing whether or not to use contraception is a medical choice that belongs between a woman and her doctor.
What better way to enjoy Oregon than hiking the beautiful coast?
The Oregon Caves National Monument is an amazing Oregon treasure, and this bill ensures that we can protect the caves and surrounding land for generations to come. The legislation will strengthen local communities in southwest Oregon, boost state tourism and help restore our forests. 
Without a minimum wage that comes closer to families’ real costs of living, our economy will continue to leave too many hardworking Americans behind. #RaiseTheWage
The Supreme Court may not get it, but we do. Our bill will put women back in charge of their health care. #NotMyBossBusiness
Here are 15.4 million reasons to #RaiseTheWage:
We've got to update workplace policies to better support modern working families. #FamiliesSucceed
Happy Independence Day, Oregon!  If you’re in Portland: 
Very cool: Portland makes Top 10 July 4th fireworks displays! 
Today Jeff continued his Oregon Main Street walks, touring small businesses and meeting with community leaders in SE Portland’s Jade District.  Participants included the Asian Pacific American Network of Oregon, Mt. Tabor Neighborhood Association, Portland Community College and others.
A wonderful new program to honor our veterans and teach our youth the importance of service:  The Hometown Heroes Service Learning Project is an important pilot program of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund. Hometown Heroes is a curriculum that gives students an opportunity to learn about local veterans who served and sacrificed during the Vietnam War and in other military conflicts in our nation’s history. I enjoyed meeting outstanding student participant David Placido of Rainier Senior High School last week, whose project was highlighted at the official launch.
"Too many of our economic policies are stuck in the 1950s."  Today Jeff joined working moms and dads and child care professionals in Eugene to call for a series of measures to take on economic issues that impact women in the workforce and help working parents support their families. Read more here: 
Bosses and CEOs shouldn’t be able to impose their own personal views on their workers’ health care.   Read my full statement on the Supreme Court’s decision on Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Inc. here: 
We must address outrageous student loan debt so young Americans have a fair shot at homeownership.
Very proud of my aide, Olympic medalist & Oregon native Becca Ward, who just got inducted into the USA Fencing Hall of Fame!
There’s nowhere more beautiful than Oregon. Share if you agree! 
Women are powering the economy more & more - now our workplace policies just need to catch up to better support them. #FamiliesSucceed
“Student loan debt is crushing the American Dream that higher education was meant to foster.”  University of Oregon graduate Emma Kallaway testified at my hearing yesterday on what we can do to take on student loan debt.  Listen to her full testimony here:
Share this image to help us celebrate the end of a great Pride Month!
Had fun answering questions from students from McCornack Elementary & Eugene area on the Capitol steps today!
A reminder that our workplace policies need updating to support today’s working families:
As graduation season comes to a close - congrats to all of Oregon’s 2014 graduates! I was honored to be at Clatsop Community College, Mt. Hood Community College, and Lane Community College last weekend to celebrate with the Class of 2014 and their proud parents, family and friends. These grads have taken a huge step toward seizing the American Dream.
Enjoyed speaking w/ Centennial High School & Forest Grove High School students today! Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs
Crater Lake photo courtesy of National Park Service .
We can’t afford to block a bill that would alleviate student loan debt! Share if you agree. #DegreesNotDebt
They grow up so fast -- Jonathan and I in 1998 in front of the house where we still live. #FathersDay #TBT
This is horrible and tragic news for our community and all of Oregon. This situation is every parent's worst nightmare. I am deeply grateful to our law enforcement and first responders for arriving on the scene quickly and for working to safely reunite students with their families. My thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim, all the students, teachers and parents at Reynolds High School, and the Troutdale community.
America cannot afford to ration access to higher education. #BankOnStudents
I don’t know how anyone could look at these candy-flavored tobacco and nicotine products – many with flavor names like 'Tutti Fruiti’ and ‘Gummi Bears’ – and not think that they are directly targeted towards our children.  We have the FDA to make sure that our kids are safe and healthy, and they have fallen down on the job of regulating flavored tobacco and e-cigarettes. The FDA must act quickly to make sure that we stop seeing these candy flavored tobacco products on the shelves and allowing children easy access to e-cigarettes. ______________________________________________________  For more information, including the report that was released today, please visit: http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=0ff5d017-ede7-4551-9e9b-91607d9cec6a
These four students came all the way from West Salem High to Washington, D.C. to accept their first-place award at the Toshiba Innovation / National Science Teachers Association #ExploraVision competition. In addition to their brilliant science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) project, they had the ingenious idea of staging a “mock” graduation in my office since they were missing the one at home. I was honored to host their graduation here at the Capitol. They have enormously bright futures and will make great contributions in the world.
Americans don't back down in the face of a challenge. We act. Acting now to cut down on the single biggest source of carbon pollution is absolutely the right thing to do, and I'll keep pushing for further action. #ActOnClimate
Nobody who works hard their entire life should have to worry about making ends meet in retirement. It’s time we stop talking about reducing Social Security benefits and instead focus on giving our seniors a raise.
My dad set me on the path to college when I was in grade school. He took me to the school and said, “If you go through those doors and you work hard, you can do just about anything here in America.” 	 I’m committed to giving student borrowers a fair shot by refinancing their student loans and finding solutions to make college affordable for our middle-class students and their families. Read more of my new op-ed in Oregon’s student newspapers:   Below: Jeff discusses college affordability with students at Portland State University. May 2, 2014.
Today is a momentous day in Oregon’s fight for equality. Lifetime love and commitment should be celebrated and honored, not relegated to second-class status.  Read more: http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=085e599a-96ea-452b-819e-15ea807b0ac8 
Too many of our men and women in uniform are coming home from battle with less visible wounds – PTSD, traumatic brain injury and depression. But we’re not making the same kind of commitment to treating those wounds of war. We must do more and that’s why I’m supporting legislation to provide more support and services to our veterans.  Also pictured here, from left to right: Veteran Marissa Rivera; Dwight Holton, CEO of Lines for Life; Diane McKeel, Multnomah County Commissioner; Cameron Smith, Director, Oregon Department of Veterans Affairs.
All high school grads deserve a #FairShot at higher education. #TBT: Me in 1974 with high school diploma in hand and ready for college.
I'm committed to giving student borrowers a #FairShot. Pledge here if you are too:
Honored to meet w/ Officer Paul Meyer, Portland's very own TOP COP, who has gone above & beyond the call of duty. #PoliceWeek
Sen. Merkley joined Sen. Shaheen and Sen. Casey today to call for support for the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. Let's honor #MothersDay by paving a path for a healthy pregnancy & childbirth. Let's pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.
I grew up in a blue-collar community. I still live in that community, and my children go to the same public high school I did.  I’m surrounded by folks who face the challenge and the uncertainty of whether they’re going to be able to afford to pursue their dreams. And I personally have walked through the process of being worried about the cost of college; I was the first in my family to go to college.  Let’s end the fear students face of being trapped between lower wages and high debt payments. 
Honored to receive the 2014 Medicare Advantage Champion Award from the Coalition for Medicare Choices.
Great to help kick off the MS Walk yesterday morning in Salem!
Highlights from Sen. Merkley's time in Oregon throughout April 2014.
Restoring the purchasing power of the minimum wage is essential for families to have a fair shot at the American Dream. #RaiseTheWage
U.S. Senate Photographic Studio-
Great to be back in the Klamath Basin today.   Today’s historic signing ceremony means that we can put the water wars of the past decades behind us and focus on supporting the diverse and vibrant rural economy here in the Klamath Basin. Everyone here today has proven that with hard work and goodwill, even the most controversial and longstanding challenges can be overcome. It has been an honor to stand with the Klamath stakeholders in support of their good work over the last five years and I look forward to working with Senator Wyden and my colleagues in Congress to get legislation passed to make this agreement law.
When I was growing up, my dad worked with his hands to make ends meet, first as a millwright at a timber mill in Southern Oregon and then as a mechanic in Portland.  Although we were never rich, his hard work was enough to provide for our family. On the wages he earned, my parents bought a three-bedroom ranch house, kept food on the table, and even put aside some money to help me become the first in our family to go to college.  In the decades since, it’s become increasingly hard for working parents to provide for their families’ basic necessities. There are many factors that have contributed to tougher times and shrinking paychecks for working Americans, but the declining federal minimum wage is a significant one.  In the coming weeks, the U.S. Senate will take up the Fair Minimum Wage Act, legislation I’m leading to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour and index it to inflation.   Congress should act to ensure that America's minimum wage rewards the millions of families that depend on it.
Today is Equal Pay Day – the day each year when women’s earnings catch up to men’s earnings in the previous year.   It is simply outrageous that in the year 2014, every American does not receive equal pay for equal work. This is an issue of basic fairness and equality. It’s also a huge pocketbook issue for Oregon’s women and their families. Pay gaps quickly add up to thousands of dollars. That’s real money that makes a real difference in paying a mortgage, fixing a car, or buying groceries.   It’s time to renew our commitment to equal pay for equal work. I applaud President Obama for acting today, and I look forward to casting my vote for the Paycheck Fairness Act tomorrow. 
The Senate just voted to #RenewUI.   In Oregon and across the nation, families looking for work need a bridge that will help get them to the next job. The U.S. Senate did the right thing by voting to restore a stronger bridge for periods of high unemployment. Now the House of Representatives must act. This is not just another bill that the House can lock in the basement and throw away the key.
My op ed in this weekend's Register Guard: Your boss shouldn’t be inside your bedroom, your exam room, or your trip to the emergency room. Your personal and private health decisions are just not your boss’s business. The Supreme Court needs to keep it that way by ensuring that women and workers come first. 
Today, the Senate has acted in a bipartisan fashion to move forward on extending a critical lifeline to struggling families. I’ve fought to keep this extension alive because it will help thousands of Oregonians keep food on the table and roofs over their heads while they look for work in an improving but still tough economy. I hope and expect that the Senate will pass this agreement in the coming days. Then we need the same spirit of urgency and bipartisan cooperation from the House to ensure these families are not left out in the cold. 
Today, the Supreme Court is hearing a case that could allow for-profit companies to deny women birth control coverage. I stood up last week to call on the Supreme Court to protect women's health -- bosses don't belong in our bedrooms. Contraception is basic, essential health care, and it's not your boss's business. http://www.merkley.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=287DEC56-FAD5-4989-AC62-A4F1C82CB54F
All Americans deserve fairness in the workplace. There is no reason to wait any longer to extend non-discrimination policies to federal contractors and protect millions of Americans from being fired for who they are or who they love. 
Disturbing that mortgage fraud not taken seriously by the Justice Department. It's time to end "Too Big to Jail." No one should be above the law.
Since December 28, Congress has left Oregonians looking for work out in the cold. Democrats and Republicans have come together to right this wrong. These benefits will help keep food on the table and a roof over the heads of struggling Oregonians and their families while they find work.
BREAKING: Senate reaches deal on unemployment benefits. Proud to join four other Democrats and five Republicans on this compromise to help support Oregonians in-between jobs and looking for work.
Thank you Governor John Kitzhaber for ensuring our hungry won't see cuts to their food stamps. I strongly opposed these cuts, and I am grateful the Governor took action.
Whether a soldier was in the jungles of Vietnam or flying contaminated C-123s years after the war, they know that exposure to Agent Orange has real and painful consequences.  How they were exposed doesn’t matter.  What matters is that we do right by the men and women who served our country.  I hope this report prompts the VA to finally reverse their position and make sure all vets suffering from Agent Orange exposure get the treatment and compensation they need and deserve.
We've been trapped in a vicious cycle of robbing fire prevention funds to pay for fires that are already burning. The President's announcement earlier this week on changing how we budget for wildfires is a big step in breaking that cycle and ensuring we have the resources both to prevent wildfires and to fight them when they occur.
Had a chance to stop and take a look at the beginning of the painted hills before my town hall in Mitchell yesterday in Wheeler County
Picture from the road. Dust storm in Lake County -- evidence of current severe drought -- no snowpack and dust storms in February. We need to start preparing now because water shortages are nearly inevitable.
Checking out a geothermal heat pump at Lakeview High School in Lake County
Michael Sam is showing some real character and courage! I wish him well.
Commuting through the Portland snow this morning. Stay safe out there!
Automatic renewal is great when it comes to gym membership or Netflix, but it isn't the right approach when it comes to war. Before we commit massive resources and thousands of troops to another decade in Afghanistan, the American people should be able to weigh in and Congress should vote. Leading an effort to push for that vote with United States Senator Mike Lee, Senator Rand Paul and Senator Joe Manchin III
There is something very wrong when JP Morgan can write off debt relief for homeowners in their taxes, but those same homeowners are stuck with a big tax bill for receiving that relief.
An oil spill in the Arctic would be disastrous, and I am glad Shell is cancelling plans to drill in this sensitive area this summer. It is doubtful that drilling in the harsh and unforgiving elements of the Arctic can be done safely and the consequences of a mistake would be catastrophic. The Department of the Interior should cancel Shell’s lease and put a halt on all future leases in the Arctic, because drilling in the Arctic is just too risky and dangerous.
Thank you President Obama for raising the wage for federal contract workers. No one should have to raise a family in poverty. Congress must now act to #RaiseTheWage for all workers. Families are struggling to stay afloat on jobs that pay minimum wage.
Calling on Congress to raise the federal minimum wage with my friend Senator Wyden at Green Zebra Grocery in N. Portland.
Holding my 200th town hall as Oregon's Senator in McMinnville this morning!
Great to spend some time with dedicated college students participating in MLK day of service.
340 year old tree stump in Coos Bay
One of the coolest trees in OR right in front of the Douglas County Courthouse in Roseburg.
It is unacceptable that our government has indiscriminately swept up millions of cell phone records of law-abiding citizens. This is an outrageous abuse of Americans’ privacy.  I’m glad the President has acknowledged the concerns with bulk collection and will explore options to remedy those concerns.  Our nation is stronger when our civil rights as Americans are respected. I will continue to work with the Administration, Senator Wyden, and other colleagues to ensure our constitutional rights are honored in our laws and by our government.
Congress needs to wake up on climate change because carbon pollution is a direct assault on our economy and our future. Today a group of Senators said we will do what's in our power to take on this catastrophic threat.
Those looking for work need a helping hand, not to be kicked when they're down. Talked with Rachel Maddow last night on why we need to move forward on a bill to renew unemployment insurance.
Beautiful view of Mt Jefferson on the drive between town halls
Very cool. A music video filmed in all 185 Oregon State Parks. A reminder of how beautiful our state is. Happy New Year!
Today, Congress delivered 1.3 million lumps of coal across the country to our nation's jobless, including 17,800 in Oregon. That's not just wrong for those families, but also for the economy as a whole. We must renew emergency unemployment insurance.
This is a time to reflect on blessings and challenges.  Mary and I do feel blessed.  We are surrounded by loving family and friends.  Merry Christmas!
17,800 Oregonians will lose their unemployment benefits on December 28, just 3 days after Christmas, because of Republicans' refusal to continue the program. That is just wrong.
We should be supporting our men and women who serve overseas, not companies that ship jobs overseas.
Bulk telephone data collection is an outrageous breach of Americans' privacy. It's a positive development that the government review panel urges an end to it.
The Oregonian: "The Volcker Rule, to be phased in over the next two years, might be a bitter pill for some big banks to swallow. But the medicine should make the U.S. financial system healthier."
One year later, I'm keeping the families and friends of the victims of the Clackamas Town Center shooting in my thoughts and prayers.
Had a chance to have lunch with former Fed Chair Paul Volcker after the rule bearing his name was finalized today. It's time for banks to stop the big swing-for-the-fences bets with deposits and make loans for individuals and small businesses.
 
 http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2013/12/10/regulators-vote-to-approve-volcker-rule/?hpw&rref=business
"The 2013 winner of top political player on Capitol Hill is…  Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.).  The senator stands out as the leader of the Democrats’ historic move to go to the “nuclear option,” ending the paralysis by threat of filibuster that tied the Senate in knots for the last five years."
The Oregonian: In 2013, congressional gridlock and paralysis is becoming legendary, with this Congress on track to be the least productive in history. Changing its behavior is not something to be resented – nor is trying to keep its paralysis from spreading to the executive branch.
At Jeld-Wen cheering on the Timbers!
Before we commit massive resources and thousands of troops to another decade in Afghanistan, the American people should be able to weigh in and Congress should vote.
"In Oregon, at least, people who oppose each other one day can work together the next, offering a model of comity while obtaining positive results."
NA
The Senate stood strong today for fairness and equality #ENDA
My view as I walked out of the Senate today. Good omen for ending LGBT employment discrimination.
It is time to #PassENDA and end LGBT employment discrimination. Everyone deserves the right to work hard and earn a living.
The Oregonian: In a Congress that seems incapable of achieving, or even talking about achieving, anything, Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., managed something significant Monday. When the Senate, including seven Republicans, voted to take up the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, sponsored by Merkley, it was an advance not only for Congress but for a vital principle.
Talked with Rachel Maddow last night about the importance of ending LGBT employment discrimination. It's time to #PassENDA. Everyone deserves the right to work hard and earn a living.
Momentum is continuing to build for ending LGBT employment discrimination.
I am shocked and deeply saddened to hear of the sudden death of Dr. Nohad Toulan and Mrs. Dirce Toulan. I had the privilege of knowing this wonderful couple for a long time. Dr. Toulan contributed an enormous amount to our community as Dean of the College of Urban and Public Affairs at Portland State University, as a long time board member of the World Affairs Council of Oregon, and as a leader in the Portland Muslim community. In addition to being an acclaimed architect planner, Dirce was one of the warmest and gracious human beings I’ve ever known.  They will be deeply missed. Mary and I are holding their family in our thoughts and prayers.
Great news! My bill to end LGBT employment discrimination is coming to the Senate floor in the coming weeks. People should be judged at work on their ability to do the job, period.
At Corvallis High, chatting with high schoolers  and my friend Senator Wyden about how we can move our country forward.
At Normandale Head Start in NE Portland. The 40 empty chairs behind me represent the kids kicked off head start during the gov't shutdown.
While the House shut down the government over Obamacare, Obamacare cut tally of uninsured in Oregon by 10%
Although it is a good thing for our economy that yesterday Congress reached an agreement to reopen the government and prevent a default on our debt, Congress fulfilling its most basic duties is not cause for celebration.   These manufactured crises have caused great harm to our families and businesses across Oregon and across our nation. It is time for Congress to focus on what really matters: rebuilding an economy in which middle class families can find good jobs, pay for college, and plan for a secure retirement.
The House needs to stop the economic blackmail and pass a clean spending bill without the political games. We can avert a government shutdown if the House would let there be a vote on the Senate bill.
No, AIG. Criticism of Wall Street bonuses is not equivalent to lynchings. Offensive.
With record droughts, floods, storms, fires, and ecosystem changes that threaten many of Oregon’s key industries, we are already seeing the effects of climate change in Oregon and around the country. We owe it to our children to act and to respond to the threat of catastrophic climate change. While no single action will solve this worldwide crisis, today’s rules represent one of the boldest steps the administration could take to curb American carbon emissions. I applaud the administration for taking action and putting in place these critical new rules.
Around Condon or Fossil tomorrow? Come to my town halls in Gilliam and Wheeler County. Details below
My first Instagram! @repblumenauer and my boots at the Pendleton roundup. You can follow me on instagram at instagram.com/senjeffmerkley @senjeffmerkley.
Today, I’m thinking of the friends and families of those we lost twelve years ago on 9-11, and the first responders who risked their lives saving people from the rubble.
I share the President’s deep passion that the use of chemical weapons is unacceptable.  The United States must not ignore Syria’s egregious crime against its citizens.   Indeed, America should bring the world together to condemn and penalize Syria for this action.  Such an effort, however, is best pursued through international negotiation and diplomacy.  I’m encouraged that the U.S. and other nations are now pursuing just such an international diplomatic strategy for ending Syrian access to chemical weapons. Over the coming days we will see if the Syrians and Russians can be full participants in a timely and verifiable intervention to accomplish this important and significant goal.
A huge stride for fairness and equality. Thank you Secretary Shinseki.
"If Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley has his way, the whole country will soon be considering a new way to pay for college at publicly run schools."
NOAA's annual report on the "pulse of the planet": sea levels are rising, ice sheets are melting, and temperatures are soaring. Why? Report editor Deke Arndt says the burning of fossil fuels.   We must act.
First rule to making Oregon beer, add more hops! Glad to pitch in while visiting Hopworks Brewery today in SE Portland.
It's a huge conflict of interest if you are allowed to bet on a price of a commodity while manipulating the price of a commodity. Regulators need to act.
Larry Summers as Fed Chair? Disconcerting... He will have many questions to answer.
Today’s deal to confirm the President's nominees is a big win for the American people. My goal has always been to restore the norms and traditions of the Senate, in which filibusters are rare, and up or down votes are given to nearly every executive nomination.
"Merkley has simultaneously taken on the challenge of fixing Washington while fixing America’s problems."
Victory! My bill to end LGBT employment discrimination passed out of Committee today. All Americans deserve the right to work hard and earn a living. It is fundamentally inconsistent with our American values that in 29 states you can still be fired for who you are and whom you love.
Realized earlier today that it was nearly 40 years ago that I took off on an amazing adventure, taking part in an exchange program in Ghana. Incredible experience. #tbt
This Supreme Court decision that the federal government must recognize all marriages is a huge stride forward for equality and fairness.  No one should be denied equal rights because of whom they love and discrimination has no place in our laws.
I stand united with Wendy Davis and all those in Texas fighting for reproductive health. Go Wendy, Go!
Very cool video about the growing tech sector in Portland. Find out more about the Portland technology industry here bit.ly/techpdx
In order for the American people to have a real debate on surveillance issues, we must declassify the secret interpretations of the law.
What "authorized investigation" gave the NSA the grounds for acquiring my cell phone data? Or any Verizon customer's data? We need answers.
Americans deserve to know how our government is interpreting the PATRIOT Act and the FISA Amendments Act. An open, democratic society like ours should not be governed by secret interpretations of laws. Very pleased the New York Times has signed on to our efforts to end secret law.
Hearing starting right now on the state of the American Dream. Watch!
We have heard plenty from the rich and the powerful in the Senate, but not enough from working families struggling to get by in tough times. Every time Congress talks about economic policy, they should be asking about the real effects of their choices on the American middle class and those families hoping to join it. Tomorrow, I will hold my first hearing as a Banking Subcommittee Chair, and it will focus on what we can do to make the American dream real again.
Why 400 ppm of carbon matters -- a lot. Please share.
This is news that must wake up the world. We must dramatically reduce the amount of carbon we burn from the ground. The future of the planet is at stake.
Almost every family has a story of a nurse who was there to help during a difficult time. Nurses are the hands, feet, and – most importantly – the heart of our health care system. They expertly administer tests and medication. They keep hospitals and clinics moving. And they provide empathy and comfort to their patients. Happy National Nurses Week!
Americans understand that it’s time to make sure our LGBT friends and family are treated fairly and have the same opportunities as all Americans.  Now it’s time for our laws to catch up.  People should be judged at work on their ability to do the job, period.
Checking out a science experiment at Boise-Eliot/Humboldt School in North Portland. Boise-Eliot/Humboldt is a K-8 STEM school and has integrated STEM education throughout their entire school curriculum. Very cool.
Discrimination is just plain wrong. It is shocking that there is still anywhere in America where it is legal to fire someone for their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Glenda Alfaro of Mt. Hood Community College needs your vote! She has reached the final four of the Clinton Global Initiative Commitments Challenger for her project on composting techniques to enrich soils and increase food productivity in her native El Salvador. VOTE!
NA
Spending in the tax code, through deductions and credits, should be examined as thoroughly as any other spending program. To continue to serve the interests of the most powerful by putting their loopholes in the tax code and then saying those are off limits from review is a grave injustice.
Had a chance to spend a few minutes with President Obama a few weeks ago. We talked about ways we can make the Senate work better.
Merely weeks after the Senate came together in a good-faith effort to fix the Senate’s problems, Senate Republicans are now engaging in the first-ever filibuster of a Secretary of Defense nominee. It is deeply disappointing that even when President Obama nominates a former conservative colleague of the GOP caucus, the minority is abusing the rules and the spirit of ‘advise and consent.’  If our step we took last month is to be successful, extraordinary stunts like today’s filibuster can’t happen
Great news. The Treasury has approved a pilot program in Multnomah County to help underwater homeowners refinance. Refinancing underwater loans is good for homeowners, their communities, and our broader economy. We need to do everything we can to prevent more foreclosures and put more cash back into the pockets of middle class families in Oregon.
Central Oregonians:  On the 18th, I will be holding town halls in Prineville, Bend, and Madras, my 15th, 16th and 17th town halls of 2013.  Talking directly to Oregonians is a great way to hear about the issues folks want me to fight for in Washington. I urge all who can to come and share their opinions on how to make our state and nation a stronger place.
Today's GDP report is a wake-up call for Washington. While DC has been manufacturing political crises, real people and businesses are suffering. Our priority should be making the economy stronger to create good jobs now. The last thing we need is a politician-induced recession.
Thank you to everyone who came to our Oregon coffee this morning. Be sure to tag yourself in the photo!
Oregonians: are you in our nation's capital for inauguration festivities? Please join Senator Wyden and me for a coffee tomorrow morning at 9:00 AM at the Dirksen Senate Office Building, room 366. Hope to see you there!
It's crunch time. SHARE this video if you think we need to reform the Senate and put an end to the secret, silent filibuster. If 41 Senators vote for more debate and block legislation from moving forward, they should have to stand up and make their case in front of their colleagues and the American people. Spread the word!
Meeting with one of my younger constituents at my Polk County Town Hall in Dallas.
Talked to Ed yesterday on why we need strong filibuster reform that includes the "talking filibuster." If we don't end the secret, silent filibuster that is haunting the Senate, we will never be able to take on the big challenges we face as a nation. SHARE if you agree.
