WASHINGTON (WEDNESDAY, Dec. 17, 2014) - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Wednesday was joined by Senator Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Representative Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), Judy Gross and others for an early morning trip to Havana, Cuba to bring Alan Gross home.      Leahy (D-Vt., president pro tempore of the Senate, and chairman of the State Department and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee) has long sought the release of Alan Gross and has visited him twice in the prison where he has been held for five years.    Leahy also has led in efforts over the years for fundamental changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba, including pushing for an end to the law that prevents most Americans from visiting Cuba.
PHOTOS: Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Leads Group To Cuba To Bring Back Alan Gross  WASHINGTON (WEDNESDAY, Dec. 17, 2014) - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Wednesday was joined by Senator Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Representative Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), Judy Gross and others for an early morning trip to Havana, Cuba to bring Alan Gross home.     Leahy (D-Vt., president pro tempore of the Senate, and chairman of the State Department and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee) has long sought the release of Alan Gross and has visited him twice in the prison where he has been held for five years.  Leahy also has led in efforts over the years for fundamental changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba, including pushing for an end to the law that prevents most Americans from visiting Cuba.
PHOTOS: Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Leads Group To Cuba To Bring Back Alan Gross  WASHINGTON (WEDNESDAY, Dec. 17, 2014) - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Wednesday was joined by Senator Jeff Flake (D-Ariz.), Representative Chirs Van Hollen (D-Md.), Judy Gross and others for an early morning trip to Havana, Cuba to bring Alan Gross home.     Leahy (D-Vt., president pro tempore of the Senate, and chairman of the State Department and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee) has long sought the release of Alan Gross and has visited him twice in the prison where he has been held for five years.  Leahy also has led in efforts over the years for fundamental changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba, including pushing for an end to the law that prevents most Americans from visiting Cuba.   PHOTOS include photos taken by Leahy (and others, in the case in which Leahy is pictured) from this morning’s trip to Cuba and are available for immediate use.
WASHINGTON (Monday, December 8, 2014) -- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Senator John Cornyn (R-Texas) hailed the Senate’s passage late Monday of historic legislation that strengthens the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), the nation’s premier open government law.  The FOIA Improvement Act of 2014, which was approved unanimously by the Judiciary Committee last month, requires Federal agencies to operate under a “presumption of openness” when considering the release of government information under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).  This is the same language the President laid out in his historic memorandum in 2009, and which is already being followed by government agencies.  The Leahy-Cornyn bill would make this presumption a permanent fixture in FOIA.  The legislation would not require the disclosure of information that is prohibited from being released, such as classified information.
National Network For Youth  In the forthcoming film “Lost In America” Senator Patrick Leahy tells why #RHYA matters. Pass Leahy-Collins Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, S. 2646, NOW!
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday urged Senators to take up and pass the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, which faces a crucial procedural vote Tuesday night.
Senator Patrick Leahy Tuesday made the following statement on the Senate Floor about the upcoming Senate vote late this afternoon on the Keystone XL pipeline.  Leahy continues to strongly oppose the pipeline.    http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/senate-floor-statement-of-senator-patrick-leahy-d-vt-in-opposition-to-s2280-the-bill-to-approve-the-keystone-xl-pipeline
PHOTO GALLERY: EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, Gov. Peter Shumlin, Rep. Peter Welch and Burlington Mayor Miro Weinberger joined Sen. Patrick Leahy last week in an effort to address agricultural runoff, algae blooms and water quality on Lake Champlain.     
 WASHINGTON (Wednesday, September 17, 2014) – Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) held a hearing entitled “Why Net Neutrality Matters: Protecting Consumers and Competition Through Meaningful Open Internet Rules.” The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is currently undertaking a rulemaking to restore open Internet protections in light of a D.C. Circuit Court decision earlier this year.  Leahy also chaired a field hearing on the issue in Vermont in July. Testimony, member statements, and a webcast of the full hearing are available online.    Video includes Leahy's opening statement and questioning of witnesses.  
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday spoke on the Senate Floor about the Ebola crisis in West Africa.  Leahy urged his colleagues to support steps needed to combat this public health and moral issue. 
Reaction Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) To President Obama’s Announcement That The Administration Will Train And Equip Syrian Rebels That Oppose ISIS   Wednesday Night, Sept. 10, 2014  “There is no place in the 21st Century for a terrorist organization that so devalues human life as to summarily execute and otherwise brutalize people for no reason other than their religious, ethnic or national affiliation in an attempt to establish their own religious state.  ISIS poses a serious threat to the security of anyone it encounters, including Americans.  It is a blight on that region and an affront to civilization itself.  The President, who has wisely rejected the deployment of U.S. ground troops, has acted prudently by working to build an international coalition that includes key Arab states and regional leaders.  He has authorized air strikes against ISIS and further support for Syrian rebels opposing ISIS, many of whom have also been targeted by the cruel regime of Bashar al-Assad.  “I support the President because I believe that ISIS must be stopped, that U.S. leadership is urgently required, and that he has no intention of allowing the United States to become entangled in another large-scale war in the Middle East.  Should the President attempt to significantly expand U.S. military involvement beyond what was outlined in his speech, he should seek and obtain congressional authorization.”  # # # # #
At a farm in East Montpelier, Senator Patrick Leahy and Representative Peter Welch Thursday encouraged Vermont’s dairy farmers to enroll in the new Margin Protection Program (MPP) and announced a series of workshops for interested participants.  For more information, and for resources for Vermont Dairy Farmers, click here.  http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-welch-encourage-dairy-farmers-to-sign-up-for-new-insurance-program-
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) Tom Vilsack Thursday joined Senator Patrick Leahy and other Vermont leaders at the Lake Champlain waterfront here to announce $46 million in new federal funding over the next five years, from the recently enacted Farm Bill, for water-quality-driven conservation measures on Vermont farms in the Lake Champlain watershed.  The funding adds up to one of the largest commitments to cleanup efforts in the lake’s watershed since the lake’s water quality became a high ongoing priority more than two decades ago.
NA
Comments Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt., President Pro Tempore) On The Passing Of Former Senator Jim Jeffords  "He was a partner in our work for Vermont, and he was a friend.  He was a Vermonter through and through, drawn to political life to make a difference for our state and nation.  Part of his legacy will also stand as an enduring chapter of the Senate's history."
FLASHBACK 03/11/14:  Senator Leahy's powerful remarks on the Senate Floor after Senator Feinstein's speech on the CIA spying on Senate Intelligence Committee computers. 
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) on Tuesday introduced legislation that would restore Americans’ privacy rights by ending the government’s dragnet collection of phone records and requiring greater oversight, transparency, and accountability with respect to domestic surveillance authorities. 
The Senate Appropriations Committee Thursday afternoon held a hearing on the President's emergency supplemental appropriations request to address the humanitarian crisis of unaccompanied children arriving along the Southwestern border.  Witnesses include Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson.  The President's request includes $3.7 billion for the protection of the health and safety of these children, detention and enforcement at the border, final resolution of immigration cases, and deterrence efforts in Central America to prevent families from sending their children on these often highly dangerous journeys.  Leahy is the panel's most senior member and also chairs the Judiciary Committee, which oversees immigration law and agencies.  Last year, Leahy steered the bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill through the Judiciary Committee and its strong approval by the full Senate.  
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday addressed the Senate to report on the field hearing on net neutrality in Vermont last week. The hearing, "Preserving an Open Internet: Rules to Promote Competition and Protect Main Street Consumers," focused on the need to restore open Internet rules to replace FCC rules that were struck down earlier this year, including the rule prohibiting broadband providers from blocking lawful content and the rule barring them from unreasonably discriminating against lawful Internet traffic.
In the latest of his new series of Senate Floor speeches urging that the United States join the international treaty banning anti-personnel landmines, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday welcomed the policy shift announced on June 27 by President Obama, putting the nation on a path to eventually join the Ottawa Treaty.  Leahy also rebutted the few but vocal congressional critics who have reflexively opposed the new movement toward enrolling in the treaty.  Leahy has long been the leading U.S. officeholder in the landmine ban effort, pressing the issue with every president since Bill Clinton.  In March, Leahy began these regular speeches on the Senate Floor, 'with an intended audience of one,' to publicly urge the President to join the treaty.
Senator Leahy will be exploring how to preserve a free and open internet by chairing an official hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday, July 1, at 10 a.m. at the Davis Center on the campus of UVM in Burlington.  Vermonters are invited to attend the hearing, which is titled “Preserving an Open Internet: Rules to Promote Competition and Protect Main Street Consumers."  For more information: http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-announces-witnesses-details-for-july-1-us-senate-field-hearing-in-vermont-on-open-internet-rules
#TBT  It has been 365 days since the Senate passed its comprehensive immigration reform bill, and 365 days later House Republican leaders refuse to act.  One year ago, as Floor manager of the bill and the debate Senator Leahy spoke on the Senate Floor to urge the Senate to act.  The #TimeIsNow #CIR.
Senator Leahy Wednesday held a hearing on bipartisan and bicameral legislation to strengthen the Voting Rights Act and combat voter discrimination in all states and jurisdictions.  The Hearing coincided with the 1 year anniversary of the Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder, which weakened the long standing civil rights legislation.
Senator Patrick Leahy Wednesday took part in a hearing on the annual defense budget, by the Appropriations Committee’s Subcommittee on Defense.  The witnesses were Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Martin E. Dempsey.  Leahy again congratulated U.S. troops and the skilled men and women of the Justice Department and the FBI for the capture of Ahmed Abu Khattala and again voiced his support for prosecuting Khattala in the U.S. court system. 
NA
Senator Patrick Leahy Tuesday held a hearing titled “Examining a Constitutional Amendment to Restore Democracy to the American People.” The hearing’s focus was on a constitutional amendment to respond to the Supreme Court’s decisions regarding campaign finance and money in politics. It marked the first time that the Majority and Minority leaders in the Senate testified before the Judiciary Committee to speak on a policy matter.
VIDEO: ‘Now we’re ready for the next step.’ Sen. Leahy, after House OKs Leahy-Sensenbrenner USA FREEDOM Act in strong vote. 
The FCC voted today to accept public comments on new net neutrality rules.  Senator Leahy appreciates that FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler is soliciting input on a range of approaches, including whether or not to reclassify broadband providers as so-called “common carriers.” But he has concerns about certain aspects of what the commission voted on today.  The most troubling aspect of Chairman Wheeler’s proposal is the possibility that new rules will allow broadband providers to charge websites, or applications, tolls for access to end-users.  Paid arrangements between providers and websites do not reflect open Internet principles, and Senator Leahy will not endorse any effort by the FCC to support those kinds of agreements.  He will be holding a Judiciary Committee field hearing in Vermont in the first week of July to hear more from Vermonters on this issue.  See the link below for Senator Leahy's full comment.   
WASHINGTON (Wednesday, May 14, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) TODAY pressed for unanimous Senate agreement to allow a vote on his Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program, a federal grant program that helps state and local law enforcement agencies buy lifesaving vests for their officers.  The bill has been cleared for a vote on the Democratic side of the aisle but again was blocked today by a Republican senator.  It was the second time in two weeks that Leahy spotlighted blockage of the bill by pressing for a Senate vote.    Leahy TODAY, in the midst of the annual National Police Week, held a Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing on the program.  Visiting police officers from across the nation were in the audience.  Officer Ann Carrizales, whose life was saved by a bulletproof vest, and President of the International Association of Chiefs of Police Yousry A. Zakhary testified, urging the Senate to continue the lifesaving program.    Leahy coauthored the original  law establishing the matching grant program, which since 1999 has made possible the purchase of nearly 4000 vests in Vermont, and nearly one million across the country.  VIDEO and AUDIO includes excerpts of today's hearing and Leahy seeking unanimous consent for the Senate to pass the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program TODAY on the Senate Floor.
Senator Leahy is delighted to welcome more than 55 Vermont companies to the Nation's Capital for the Ninth Annual Taste of Vermont this evening. The event is an opportunity for Vermont businesses to showcase all of the high quality products and services that Vermont has to offer.
Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday spoke on the Senate Floor, announcing that he is holding up the Administration's request to spend $650 million in military aid to Egypt.    Leahy chairs the Senate's State Department and Foreign Operations Subcommittee -- the Appropriations Committee panel that oversees the State Department's budget as well as foreign aid programs.  In his role as chairman, Leahy has put a hold on the Administration's April 25 request to obligate $650 million in military assistance to Egypt that was provided under the Fiscal Year 2014 Appropriations bill enacted early this year.  Leahy has led in writing current and previous congressional conditions on aid to the Egyptian Government.   "I'm not prepared to sign off on the delivery of additional aid for the Egyptian military.  I'm not prepared to do that until we see convincing evidence the government is committed to the rule of law."  
Continuing a tradition, on Thursday, April 10, Senator Patrick Leahy took photos of cherry blossoms along the Tidal Basin in Washington D.C.  LINK to full gallery: http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/photos/cherry-blossoms  
(WEDNESDAY, April 09, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) TODAY took to the Senate floor to urge the President to join the international treaty banning the use of landmines. Leahy has long been the leading U.S. official pressing for a worldwide ban on the use of these weapons.   Both publicly and privately, in scores of private meetings and public appeals, Leahy has unceasingly pressed every president since Bill Clinton to allow the United States to join the international treaty.  Leahy is the most senior member of the United States Senate, and chairs the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee responsible for overseeing the State Department’s budget, including foreign aid and assistance.   
(WEDNESDAY, April 9, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) TODAY urged the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Gina McCarthy, to renew the Agency's commitment to the cleanup and preservation of Lake Champlain.    Faced with new water quality regulations imposed by the EPA for Lake Champlain, Vermont will face new challenges, as the President's budget request cuts funding for critical federal programs to help states address water quality projects.  Leahy is the most senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, and has long made the protection of Lake Champlain a priority in Congress.
WASHINGTON (TUESDAY, April 08, 2014) --  Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday questioned U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) Administrator Rajiv Shah about the recent revelation that the USAID ran and funded "ZunZuneo," the so-called "Cuban Twitter" program, during a scheduled hearing on the President's Fiscal Year 2015 budget request for USAID. Leahy has long been an advocate of restoring relations with Cuba.  Leahy chairs the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on State Department, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, which has oversight of the USAID.  Shah testified to answer questions on a wide range of USAID programs around the world.
On Wednesday, April 2, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) spoke before a group gathered for Mines Advisory Group's 25th Anniversary.  A photography exhibit titled "Surviving The Peace: Landmines, Mortars, and Munitions" was on display, timed also for the International Mine Awareness Day.  Leahy has long been the leading U.S. official pressing for a worldwide ban on the use of landmines.  Last week he launched a series of Senate Floor speeches in which he is urging President Obama to sign the international treaty on landmines.  
Senator Patrick Leahy, who for two decades has been the leading U.S. official in the crusade to rid the world of anti-personnel landmines, launched what he is announcing will be a series of periodic Senate Floor statements on the topic.  Both publicly and privately, in scores of private meetings and public appeals, Leahy has unceasingly pressed every president since Bill Clinton to allow the United States to join the international treaty banning landmines.  He now continues those appeals, directed to President Obama.  Leahy is President Pro Tempore of the Senate and chairs the State Department’s budget panel, the State Department and Foreign Operations Subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Senator Patrick Leahy Wednesday met with Vermonters in his Washington office for a “Green Mountain Coffee Hour,” his periodic get-togethers with visiting Vermonters.  From left to right, James Collins of East Dorset, Michael Wright of St. Johnsbury, and President of the Vermont Ambulance Association Jim Finger.
NA
WASHINGTON (Thursday, March 13, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on State Department and Foreign Operations, Thursday held a hearing with Secretary of State John Kerry to discuss the 2015 budget request from the State Department and the ongoing crisis in Ukraine.   VIDEO includes Leahy's questioning of Secretary Kerry on the crisis in Ukraine.
NA
WASHINGTON (TUESDAY, March 11, 2014) -- Following the remarks of Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) Tuesday morning on the Senate Floor, revealing that the Central Intelligence Agency secretly collected documents from Senate Intelligence Committee computers, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday took to the Senate Floor in support of Feinstein, calling her speech one of the most important he has ever heard on the Floor.    "She has spoken to our conscience," said Leahy.  "Now, let's stand up for this country.  Let's stand up as United States Senators should, and as the Senator from California has."
NA
WASHINGTON (THURSDAY, March 6, 2014) -- Senator Patrick Leahy, the Senate’s President Pro Tempore, introduced the Dalai Lama on the Floor of the United States Senate as today’s Guest Chaplain, before he offered today’s Senate invocation.  Leahy, long a champion of the Tibetan people, has visited often with the Dalai Lama.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0jHhJl8XHw
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday met with His Holiness the Dalai Lama.   Leahy, long a champion of the Tibetan people, has visited often with the Dalai Lama and also introduced him during his address at Middlebury College in 2012.
On Wednesday, Senator Patrick Leahy, Co-Chair of the Senate National Guard Caucus, spoke during the annual Guard Caucus Breakfast on Capitol Hill. LINK to Senator Leahy’s full statement. http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/senate-national-guard-caucus-co-chair-patrick-leahy-when-it-comes-to-the-national-guard-the-budget-previewed-on-monday-appears-to-be-headed-in-the-wrong-direction-
Friday, Sen. Patrick Leahy joined Bob Kinzel on VPR's Vermont Edition for a wide ranging discussion with Vermonters.   http://digital.vpr.net/post/dicsussing-nsa-cuba-senator-patrick-leahy
NA
Leahy Signs The 2014 Farm Bill, Toasts To Vermont Dairy Farmers
WASHINGTON - Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday signed the 2014 #FarmBill in his role as President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate. The House passed the Farm Bill Agreement last week, and the bill now goes to the President's desk.
“Ours is a very special and very precious state, but I think it points out that every state in the Union can face this problem.”  -Sen. Leahy on the Senate Floor TODAY on the need to address opiate addiction and America, and thanking Gov. Peter Shumlin for addressing opiate addiction in his State of the State address. 
VIDEO: On Senate Floor, Leahy slams those pushing deep #SNAP #FarmBill cuts for hungry children, while voting for a $2 trillion unfunded war in Iraq: 
NA
Nearly one month after a one-year extension of legislation to protect the nation’s farming, conservation and nutrition programs expired, the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives are poised this week to consider a final, comprehensive agriculture reform bill that will net more than $24 billion in savings, support 16 million American jobs, and make considerable progress in advancing conservation and wildlife protections.
NA
WASHINGTON (Thursday, January 16, 2014) -- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wis.), Congressman John Conyers (D-Mich.), Congressman John Lewis (D-Ga.) and Senator Chris Coons (D-Del.) held a press conference to discuss their bipartisan, bicameral introduction of legislation to uphold the Voting Rights Act.
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday joined Chuck Todd on MSNBC to discuss the NSA and the Leahy-Sensenbrenner USA FREEDOM Act.
http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-sanders-welch-preserve-role-and-funds-for-vsac  WASHINGTON (January 14, 2014) – The spending bill released late Monday night that funds federal agencies through the end of the fiscal year includes a provision, advocated by Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Rep. Peter Welch (D-Vt.), requiring the U.S. Department of Education to continue its contract with the Vermont Student Assistance Corp. (VSAC) and other nonprofit student loan servicers nationwide.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, January 14, 2014) –The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing featuring all five members of the President’s Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies to discuss their recent recommendations to overhaul the government’s surveillance authorities. Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), author of the bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act, has also presided over three earlier oversight hearings on the topic in recent months. Member statements, witness testimony and a webcast of today’s hearing are available online.
WASHINGTON (Wednesday, January 8, 2014) -- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) on Wednesday reintroduced sweeping legislation to protect Americans' personal information and ensure their privacy. Leahy also announced the issue of data privacy would be the subject of a committee hearing early in the new Senate session.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, January 7, 2013) -- Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Tuesday afternoon spoke on the Senate Floor to report on progress by House and Senate conferees on the Farm Bill, generating new hope that a bipartisan agreement is near.    Leahy, the most senior member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, is a Senate conferee on the bill.  A final agreement by the negotiators is expected soon -- as early as the end of this week.
Senator Patrick Leahy Wednesday held the third Senate Judiciary Committee oversight hearing on government surveillance programs. Leahy held similar oversight hearings in July and October. Leahy’s opening statement can be found below. Other member statements, witness testimony and a webcast of the hearing are available on the Senate Judiciary Committee website.
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/senate-judiciary-committee-holds-third-oversight-hearing-on-government-surveillance-programs
Nelson Mandela is a legend for our times and for the ages.  He was the world’s compass through the dark night of South African apartheid, leading his country into the light.  The images of his walk to freedom through the prison gates are etched in our memories and on the pages of history.
 
 His courage is a lesson to us all, and so is his selflessness.  I will always cherish the memory of meeting with him when he came to the Capitol in 1994.  I had the honor of serving on the Senate’s escort committee to accompany him to the House Chamber for his address to a joint meeting of Congress.  Sitting together in a room off the House floor, I said to him, “Mr. President, you spent decades in prison, unjustly, yet you don’t seem bitter.”  He replied, “Patrick, because of my imprisonment I was able to lead my country out of apartheid.  For that I do not feel bitterness, but joy.” 
 
 The world, his beloved nation and humankind are incalculably richer for his leadership and for his example. 
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/comments-of-senator-patrick-leahy-d-vt-president-pro-tempore-of-the-senate-on-the-death-of-nelson-mandela
Senator Leahy Wednesday in Winooski joined Jerry Tarrant, the chief operating officer of MyWebGrocer, to discuss his bipartisan legislation to crack down on so-called “patent trolls.” Leahy’s bill would protect businesses from well-financed shell corporations abusing the patent system by threatening lawsuits – often with the intent of extracting hefty concession payments – against small businesses in Vermont and across the country for such everyday occurrences as offering wi-fi to their customers or using document scanners in their offices.
Senator Leahy Monday in Barre, Vt., joined Governor Peter Shumlin and the Vermont Foodbank at Central Vermont Community Action to discuss how the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) helps to ease hunger in Vermont.  A conferee in the Farm Bill conference negotiations, Leahy continues to fight to continue this vital assistance to Vermonters in need.
Senator Patrick Leahy’s recollections of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy 50 years ago, spoken on the Senate Floor.
Senator Patrick Leahy Thursday joined Senator Bernie Sanders and Congressman Peter Welch outside of the United States Capitol to speak with members of the Champlain Valley Union High School Model Congress class.
U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Thursday voted in favor of making changes to the Senate rules to overcome Republican abuse of filibuster rules and ensure the Senate’s ability to confirm qualified nominees to judicial and executive posts. Leahy, the President Pro Tempore and the Senate’s longest-serving member, presided over the series of procedural votes.
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-supports-change-in-senate-rules-to-address-unprecedented-filibusters-
Below is the LINK to a Washington Post/Witnify video interview with Senator Leahy, about his recollections from the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, 50 years ago this Friday.  Patrick Leahy at the time was a law student at the Georgetown Law Center, and he and wife Marcelle were in Washington as they lived through the trauma that roiled the nation.
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, November 12, 2013) – U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) on Tuesday called on Republicans to end their filibuster of Nina Pillard’s nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, and confirm this highly qualified nominee. Pillard would fill one of three vacancies on what is widely considered the second most important court in the country. 
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-calls-on-senate-republicans-to-end-filibuster_of-highly-qualified-circuit-court-nominee
Guest Column By Senator Patrick Leahy: Another Successful Vermont Drug Take Back Day
Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) spoke online Wednesday with fourth-grade students from Barre Town Elementary School from his office on Capitol Hill.   The students covered a range of issues during their discussion with Leahy, asking him about the legislative process and even what is his favorite movie.
[BREAKING] Senate Passes Employment Non-Discrimination Act by a vote of 64 to 32.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wisc.), chairman of the Crime and Terrorism Subcommittee in the House, welcomed the broad support among stakeholders for legislation they introduced this week that would end the government’s dragnet collection of phone records and require greater oversight, transparency and accountability with respect to domestic surveillance authorities.
Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Thursday announced that Vermont organizations have received more than $4.2 million in federal grants to support programs that are vital in preventing and prosecuting crimes related to domestic violence.
Statement Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) On The House-Senate Farm Bill Conference Committee
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wisc.), chairman of the Crime and Terrorism Subcommittee in the House, introduced on Tuesday legislation that seeks to restore Americans’ privacy rights by ending the government’s dragnet collection of phone records and requiring greater oversight, transparency, and accountability with respect to domestic surveillance authorities.
On Wednesday, Oct. 16, Senate President Pro Tempore Patrick Leahy presided over the Senate Chamber as the Senate passed bipartisan legislation to reopen the government and avoid default.
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/reaction-of-senator-patrick-leahy-d-vt-president-pro-tempore-to-the-senates-bipartisan-agreement_to-reopen-government-and-prevent-default
[BREAKING]: Reaction Of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt., President Pro Tempore) To The Senate’s Bipartisan Agreement To Reopen Government And Prevent Default
NA
The financial cost of the artificial "Made in Congress" shutdown. http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/the-financial-cost-of-the-artificial-made-in-congress-shutdown
On Monday, October 7, Senator Leahy spoke on the Senate floor, again calling for the House of Representatives to vote on a clean continuing resolution that would provide the funding necessary to keep the Federal Government open.  http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/time-to-end-the-manufactured-made-in-congress-shutdown
NA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3V3HVdcoBs&feature=c4-overview&list=UU46QHVobf7FO-tWehsRoDog
NA
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, September 24, 2013) -- Sen. Patrick Leahy (D --Vt.) Tuesday took to the Senate Floor to decry recent actions by House Republicans to cut the nation's primary anti-hunger safety net program, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and to orchestrate a manufactured crisis that threatens to shut down the federal government if they do not get their way.
Leahy Delivers Keynote Address On Foreign Surveillance Oversight At Georgetown University Law Center.  Right to left, Sen. Patrick Leahy, Ambassador William Miller, Sen. Gary Hart, Prof. Laura K. Donohue, Former Vice President Walter Mondale and Dr. Loch Johnson. http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-delivers-keynote-address-on-foreign-surveillance-oversight-at-georgetown-university-law-center
WASHINGTON (Tuesday, September 10, 2013) --The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing titled "Conflicts Between State and Federal Marijuana Laws."  Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), who has pressed the administration on the issue since last year, recently welcomed the Justice Department's release of guidelines for enforcement of federal marijuana laws in light of action at the state level. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Edu3kfsR4LM
http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-safety-remains-highest-priority-as-closure-looms-for-vermont-yankee-plant   U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) says safety should remain the highest priority as Entergy prepares to close the Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant.  The company Tuesday announced plans to close the aging plant in 2014.
The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing titled “Strengthening Privacy Rights and National Security: Oversight of FISA Surveillance Programs.”  Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) has long called for strong oversight of government surveillance programs, and he recently introduced the bipartisan FISA Accountability and Privacy Protection Act of 2013, which would add important reforms and improve certain provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act and FISA Amendments Act.   The video below includes excerpts of Sen. Leahy’s sharp questioning of Deputy Director of the National Security Agency John C. Inglis on accountability and responsibility for recent security lapses.  You can also read Sen. Leahy's opening statement below.
The Senate Judiciary Committee held a  hearing titled “From Selma to Shelby County: Working Together to Restore the Protections of the Voting Rights Act.”  It is the Committee’s first hearing following the Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder, in which the Court narrowly struck down the coverage formula of the Voting Rights Act.  Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) had a lead role in reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act in 2006 and has long championed voting rights and voting access for all citizens.  Testimony, member statements, and a webcast of the hearing are available online.
WASHINGTON (Wednesday, June 26, 2012) –Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) hailed the Supreme Court’s decision Wednesday to overturn the Defense of Marriage Act, and he vowed to continue working to ensure the nation’s laws provide equal protection for all citizens. “Today, thousands of gay and lesbian individuals and families across the country have had their rights vindicated by the Supreme Court’s decision,” Leahy said, adding that  “I share the joy of millions of American families that they will be treated fairly by their federal government.”  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nvex13fOk9k
Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), who is managing consideration of the comprehensive immigration reform bill before the Senate, delivered a statement Tuesday on the Senate Floor about his family’s immigration experience.   “Nearly every American family has a story like mine and Marcelle’s,” said Leahy. “ We are more alike than we are different from today’s immigrants and first-generation Americans.  The majority of new immigrants will continue this proud tradition of hard work, the drive toward prosperity, and embracing the values that make America great.  They will someday tell their children and grandchildren of their own immigrant histories.  The bill we consider will continue this cycle of growth and renewal and will improve on many aspects of our immigration system.”
WASHINGTON – (WEDNESDAY, June 19) Senator Patrick Leahy, in the United States Capitol on Tuesday, had the honor of presenting Vermont World War II veteran Glen Goodall with two medals commemorating his service.  The 94-year-old Mr. Goodall and Patrick Leahy have known each other since Leahy was a youngster, growing up in Montpelier. 
 
 The two medals are the State of Vermont Veteran’s Medal and a campaign service medal.
 
 Mr. Goodall has never been able to visit the Nation’s Capital before and plans on seeing the World War II Memorial, the Korean War Memorial and other landmarks.  He now lives in Williamstown, Vt., where he is a neighbor of renowned sculptor and creator of the Korean War Memorial, Frank Gaylord.  During World War II, Mr. Goodall served in the South Pacific.  He was recently awarded a ceremonial key to the City of Montpelier, and Mayor John Hollar also proclaimed a day in his honor.
On Wednesday, June 12, Senator Patrick Leahy questioned NSA Director Keith Alexander on cyber security and NSA programs.
Significant border security provisions in the immigration reform bill before the Senate should clear the way for broader reform, Senator Patrick Leahy said in a floor statement Wednesday.  Leahy, who successfully added two border-related amendments to the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act during Committee consideration last month, noted the legislation appropriates money for fence building and boosts the number of Customs and Border Protection officers.  To continue to make progress, Leahy said the nation’s laws must also “address the root causes of illegal immigration.”
The Senate moved Tuesday to begin consideration of the bipartisan the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act, the comprehensive immigration reform bill.  Senator Patrick Leahy, who is managing the bill on the Senate floor, called on lawmakers to pass the measure and send it to the House for consideration.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bN7jOxhat1A&feature=youtu.be
Remembering Gwen Huneck
 
 
 How deeply sad Marcelle and I were to hear about Gwen.  I’m so glad I had the chance to see her two weeks ago when I stopped by at Dog Mountain.  Gwen and Stephen and their associates have brought so much joy to so many, and over so many years.  I’ll always cherish this memory of our last visit.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) spoke during the committee markup Tuesday about his anti-discrimination amendments to the comprehensive immigration bill to provide equality in immigration law by allowing American citizens who are in long-term committed relationships to sponsor their foreign partners or spouses for green cards.   Leahy has championed the issue for the last decade through his push to enact his Uniting American Families Act (UAFA), which he reintroduced in February, joined by Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine).
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Monday took the Senate Floor as the Senate began debate on a new five-year Farm Bill, which includes a new dairy program and other measures of particular importance to Vermont.
On Thursday, May 09, Sen. Leahy and the Judiciary Committee began to mark up S. 744, The Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act.  http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/leahy-kicks-off-committee-consideration-of-comprehensive-immigration-reform-
On Tuesday, April 22, Sen. Leahy held the second Judiciary Committee hearing on comprehensive immigration reform proposed by the bipartisan “Gang of Eight.”  Vermonters Alyson Eastman, of Orwell, and Commissioner of the Vermont Department of Tourism and Marketing Megan Smith, of Mendon, testified before the committee about immigration’s impact on several issues of particular importance to Vermont.
On Thursday, April 11, Senator Leahy urged his colleagues to not filibuster proposed gun violence legislation but to stand up and be counted with a vote.
NA
On Wednesday, March 20, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on “The Future of Drones in America: Law Enforcement and Privacy Considerations.”  Excerpts from Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy’s opening statement can be seen at the link below.  Senator Leahy outlined his concerns about the privacy implications of the growing use of drones in January, when he made the issue a priority for the Judiciary Committee.
One of Senator Leahy’s photos from the signing ceremony March 7 for enactment of the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act.  In addition to the President’s signature are the signatures of Senator Leahy (as President Pro Tem of the Senate) and House Speaker John Boehner.
Next Stop For Domestic Violence Bill: The President’s Desk  
 
 Senate President Pro Tem Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Monday signed the newly passed Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA) bill – the last stop before it reaches the President to be signed into law.
  
 Two photos are available at the links below. 
  
 Bills passed by the House and Senate are engrossed and then signed by House Speaker John Boehner and Senate President Pro Tem Leahy, before they can be sent to the President for signing into law.  Leahy signed the bill Monday afternoon in the President Pro Tem’s office in the U.S. Capitol.  Speaker Boehner already has signed the bill.
  
 The House last week passed the bipartisan Senate-passed version of the bill, authored by Leahy and lead Republican cosponsor Senator Mike Crapo (R-Idaho).
  
 Links below to two photos:
  
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/imo/media/image/VAWA_Signing1.jpg
  
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/imo/media/image/VAWA_Signing3.jpg
  
 (photo credit: Office of Sen. Patrick Leahy)
The U.S. House of Representatives today passed Sen. Leahy and Sen. Crapo’s bipartisan Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act by a strong vote of 286 to 138.  The final vote can be seen from this screen shot of CSPAN below. 
 
 http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/breaking-leahy-hails-house-passage-of-bipartisan-senate-vawa-bill
On Wednesday, Senator Leahy met in his Capitol Hill office with visiting representatives from credit unions across Vermont.
Senator Leahy met Tuesday with local farmers and representatives from UVM Extension and the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, to discuss Vermont agriculture.  “Lots to talk about these days, and we had a good visit.”
 
 From left to right in photo: Ray and Pam Allen of Allenholm Farm in South Hero, Sen. Leahy, Beth Kennett of Liberty Hill Farm in Rochester, and Dean Douglas Lantagne of the UVM Extension.
Senator Leahy urges House leaders to act promptly on VAWA, and not to begin choosing which victims to cover.
Watch Senator Leahy’s closing arguments just before the Senate voted Monday night to bring the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) to the Senate Floor.
We need to get on with the job of toughening our embassy security. The Senate has acted (again). It's time for the House to step up.
Watch excerpts from Senator Leahy's Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence, held on January 30.
We must come together today as Americans seeking common cause.  Let us forego sloganeering, demagoguery and partisan recriminations.  This is too important for all that. Ours is a free society, an open society.  We come together today to consider how to become a safer and more secure society
Watch Senator Leahy announce the reintroduction of the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act in the 113th Congress at a press conference on January 23.
Senator Leahy attended the 57th Inauguration on January 21, 2013 and brough his camera along. Here are a few of his favorite photos.
Read the full text of Senator Leahy's agenda speech to learn more about his priorities for the Senate Judiciary Committee in the 113th Congress.
Senator Leahy spoke at Georgetown Law Center this morning, announcing his agenda for the Senate Judiciary Committee in the 113th Congress. Among his priorities: preventing gun violence, finding a way forward on comprehensive immigration reform and passing the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.
As a reminder, per Senator Leahy’s Facebook Comment Policy (available in full above), neither the Senator nor his staff directly respond to Facebook posts or messages.  To receive a response, please contact Senator Leahy through his Senate website: https://www.leahy.senate.gov/contact/
Trafficking is an affront to human dignity and a generator of human suffering that we cannot ignore.
http://www.leahy.senate.gov/press/comments-of-senator-patrick-leahy-on-the-presidents-intention-to-nominate-former-senator-chuck-hagel-to-be-secretary-of-defense
Comments Of Senator Patrick Leahy
 On The Passing Of Bishop Moses Anderson
 Wednesday, Jan. 2, 2013
 
 [Bishop Moses B. Anderson, retired auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of Detroit, died on Jan. 1.  He had been living in Livonia, Mich.  Bishop Anderson and U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont became lifelong friends while both were at Saint Michael’s College in Winooski, Vt.]
 
 “Bishop Moses Anderson and I became close friends at Saint Michael’s College, where I was an undergraduate student.  And after Marcelle and I married, he became a close friend of our family, even baptizing one of our children.  We were so proud when he escorted Marcelle as she accepted an honorary doctorate from St. Mike’s four years ago.
 
 “My parents and Marcelle’s parents also had a special bond with him, and we have nurtured our close friendship through the years.  We have so many memories and photographs of our families’ time together.  Losing him is like losing a member of our family.” 
 
 # # # # #
 
 Photo:  Marcelle and Patrick Leahy with Bishop Moses Anderson at Saint Michael’s College on May 14, 2009, when Bishop Anderson escorted Marcelle Leahy as she accepted an honorary doctorate degree.
