I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Sarann Knight Preddy. Sarann has been an integral part of Nevada since she moved to Las Vegas during WWII. She dedicated her life to the Southern Nevada community, operating businesses and supporting charitable and social endeavors. Sarann was a true friend and I appreciated her advice and counsel and enjoyed our friendship. She will truly be missed.
Here are 28 ways we delivered for Nevada in the lame duck session, from protecting public lands to investing in renewable energy:  http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-17-12-reid-delivers-for-nevada-in-lame-duck-session
I support President Obama’s decision for the United States to start a new chapter in our relationship with Cuba. It begins with the return of Alan Gross, held captive for five years by the Cuban government. I am so pleased Alan is home. I remain concerned about human rights and political freedom inside Cuba, but I support moving forward toward a new path with Cuba.
Suicide is very personal with me. My good father committed suicide. I know firsthand of the heartbreak caused by the needless, preventable death of a loved one.  That's why, today, I urged the Senate to pass the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act. 22 veterans commit suicide every day. We need to stop this devastating trend.  Sadly, the legislation was blocked by a single Republican Senator.
Thank you to all who raised your voices and urged the Senate to confirm Dr. Vivek Murthy. You made a big difference. We have a #TopDocNow
The government funding bill that the Senate passed last night is important for Nevada. For one, it reauthorizes the Travel Promotion Authority, which promotes international tourism to popular destinations like Las Vegas and Lake Tahoe.   International tourists stay longer and spend more, which creates even more jobs and opportunities across Nevada's tourism industry.  As a result of the Travel Promotion Authority, Brand USA advertisements are successfully enticing foreign travelers to visit America, all at no cost to taxpayers.  While today’s announcement is an important success, we must ensure that Nevada has the best airports and modern infrastructure to accommodate our guests, and I will continue working to bring federal dollars back to Nevada for these investments.  You can read more about the funding bill here: http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-13-14-reid-statement-on-senate-passage-of-the-government-funding-bill-2
I remind everyone that at 12:00 AM midnight tonight, the United States government runs out of money. A small group of Republicans are objecting to a way forward.  Senator Dick Durbin and I explain what is going on here:
There are many things in this bill that Democrats would not have included had we written the bill. Speaking for myself, I oppose the weakening of Dodd-Frank and the restrictions on the District of Columbia, among other things. But I didn’t write this bill. Senate Democrats did not write this bill. It’s a compromise.   This bill is not perfect. We will leave our priorities better-funded and more secure, and our government on more sound footing, than when this Congress began.  We will have passed legislation that keeps America safe, makes college more affordable, and spurs the economy. And it keeps our government open.
My friend Astrid is a DREAMer who has fought to raise the voices of millions of immigrant families like her own. Please take a few minutes to listen to her story.
I'll try to seek common ground with Republicans. But I’m not going to throw middle-class America overboard.
I remind everyone that the Senate Intelligence Committee, along with the House Committee, is the only group of people who provide oversight over our intelligence community and have the ability to actually investigate what happened.   No one else – not the press, not other Senators, not the public or outside organizations – actually have the ability to investigate the CIA. And the implications of today's report on torture are profound. Not only is torture wrong, but it doesn’t work.  Without this report, the American public would not know what actually took place under the CIA’s torture program. This critical report highlights the importance of Senate oversight and the role that Congress must play in overseeing the executive branch.   The only way our country can put this episode in the past is to come to terms with what happened and commit to ensuring it will never happen again.
The events in Ferguson, Missouri and Staten Island, New York are very troubling. I believe there is one fact we can all agree on: neither of these men deserved to die. I hope that as Americans mourn the tragic loss of these lives, protests will remain peaceful and that local authorities throughout the country will continue to respect the right of protestors to peacefully demonstrate.  I support President Obama’s recent call to commit funds for body cameras on local law enforcement so that we can ensure accountability. The President’s plan will promote effective crime reduction while rebuilding trust in our communities. It is my hope that through the President’s Executive Action to review and assess local law enforcement requests for military style equipment, we can create an open dialogue between community leaders and law enforcement and ensure that our first responders have the equipment they need to do their job. We should also look at our options for advancing legislation to help this effort in the Senate.  The bottom line is that every community in America deserves equal protection and fair treatment under the law. I fully support efforts by the Department of Justice to investigate these tragedies. Even if Mike Brown and Eric Garner allegedly committed minor crimes they should not have had to pay with their lives.
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes
For many families across America, this Thanksgiving was particularly special. Because of President Obama’s recent executive actions, many immigrant families celebrated the holiday for the first time without the threat of deportation.   But the President's action is only a temporary solution. I will keep fighting in Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform that brings permanent, long-term relief to the nation.
Welcome back to Nevada, Mr. President. And thank you for taking action on immigration reform!
President Obama is acting within his legal authority to use his executive power to improve the immigration system. Every President since Eisenhower has done this.
There are families all across America who worry everyday about being torn apart. They will be in my mind as I listen to the President tonight.  The immigration action by the President is not a political victory; it is a victory for families. It’s about saying to good, law-abiding people that they don’t have to spend another holiday season wondering if it’s the last they’ll spend together.
I look forward to joining the President at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas on Friday.   Immigration reform is personal to me. We've been waiting 510 days for the Republican-led House to take action and save families from being torn apart. We've given them time -- it hasn't happened.   The President will act, and I will stand with him. His executive action will help keep families together, enforce the laws, and focus law enforcement resources on real criminals.
Senate Democrats want to legislate in good faith. But we need willing partners. The Republican Leader and his caucus will have to do more than just pay lip service to an open, bipartisan legislative process. At some point, they must practice what they preach.  Yesterday, they shut down the ability for the Senate to simply have an open debate about the NSA's bulk data collection and the privacy rights of all Americans.
Click here to see my interview with Univision: http://noticias.univision.com/video/545089/2014-11-17/inmigracion/videos/accion-ejecutiva-deberia-ser-legilada
Because House Republicans have not acted, I fully support the President’s decision to use his well-established executive authority to improve as much of the immigration system as he can.
My new leadership team and I intend to make it crystal clear to the middle class that we're fighting for them.
I'd like to congratulate Senator McConnell, who will be the new Senate Majority Leader.   The message from voters is clear: they want us to work together. I look forward to working with Senator McConnell to get things done for the middle class.
Happy Nevada Day!  Let us cherish our past as we work towards a future filled with innovation and continued economic success.   I will continue to fight for the issues important to Nevadans and to make sure that everyone in the Silver State has a bright, promising future.
Please make sure to vote
Democracy is not a spectator sport. It works best when everyone participates.   ᗰᗩKE ᔕᑌᖇE TO ᐯOTE!
Starting at the beginning of 2013 and proceeding in timeline fashion, this video documents the major things that Senate Democrats have fought for over the past two years.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8I3GoqLUy4&feature=youtu.be
During this National Energy Awareness Month, let's remember the incredible progress Nevada has made on clean energy. We won't rest on our accomplishments, though. I'll keep fighting for better and greater advancements.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2LWtUy3m98
Please watch this and share it with your friends.
Today's 9th Circuit opinion extending marriage equality reads in part:  “The lessons of our constitutional history are clear: inclusion strengthens, rather than weakens, our most important institutions. When we integrated our education, schools improved. When we opened our juries to women, our democracy became more vital. When we allowed lesbian and gay soldiers to serve openly in uniform, it enhanced unit cohesion. When same-sex couples are married, just as when opposite-sex couples are married, they serve as models of loving commitment to all.”
Great news!
“Everybody in the audience started clapping for us,” he said. “It is something I will never forget.” 
Congressman Steven Horsford and I are helping North Las Vegas get some more cops on the beat. http://www.mynews3.com/content/video/default.aspx?videoId=5366724&navCatId=30912 
I support President Obama's decisive action to degrade and destroy ISIS and other terrorists in Syria with the assistance of our Arab partners. As President Obama said, this is not our fight alone. The presence of Arab nations in these airstrikes and President Obama's commitment that we will not use U.S. ground forces in combat are clear evidence that President Obama will not repeat the mistakes of the past.  As we move forward, I expect consultations between the administration and Congress to continue.
Today, Democrats and Republicans spoke with one voice to tell the ISIS terrorists: we will find you and destroy you.   The Senate has passed a strong bill to arm and train vetted Syrian opposition fighters as part of the President’s strategy to destroy ISIS without repeating the mistakes of the past in the Middle East.   America will lead a coalition that includes our friends and allies in European and Arab nations in a targeted, strategic mission to destroy ISIS. American air strikes will support local forces who will fight for their own countries.   As the President made clear, it is up to the people of Iraq, Syria, and the region to stand up to protect their homes and families against these cruel killers.
We've tried to: -- pass the Paycheck Fairness Act -- overturn the Hobby Lobby decision -- reduce student loan debt -- raise the minimum wage -- extend emergency unemployment benefits -- pass comprehensive immigration reform  Republicans said no.  (But they did shut down the government.)
For the second time this year, Republicans blocked the Senate from giving women the tools they need to ensure they receive the same pay as men for performing the same work.
All you need to do is pick up any newspaper or turn on any television in America to know that we have many miles to travel before women in America are treated fairly.   Unfortunately, there are some in our nation who don’t see a problem.  But when women continue to make less than men for performing the same work, it is clear we still have a problem. I see it. Senate Democrats see it.   Democrats in the United States Senate stand for women’s equality because when women are empowered, we are all empowered. 
I am incredibly pleased with the hard work that helped bring Tesla to Nevada. I appreciated the partnership of Governor Brian Sandoval through this process. I commend the leadership of Assembly Speaker Marilyn Kirkpatrick and Senate Majority Leader Mo Denis as they ensured this crossed the finish line. The next phase of Nevada's innovative energy future has begun.
Today Senate Republicans clearly showed that they would rather sideline hard-working families in order to protect the Koch brothers and other radical interests that are working to fix our elections and buy our democracy.   While Republicans in Congress stand up for the Koch brothers, Senate Democrats will continue to stand up for our constituents and fight the corrosive influence of dark money in American politics.
Where were you on 9/11?  I remember the events of that day so clearly.  I don’t want to ever forget it, and I want to make sure we honor the heroes that paid the ultimate price for freedom. 
I strongly support destroying ISIS through airstrikes, drones and covert action. But some want to rush into another ground war in the Middle East. How did that work out for us last time?  I say to Democrats and Republicans, let’s destroy these despicable terrorists, but let’s do it the right way this time. The President knows how to destroy terrorists. Osama bin Laden is proof of that.  Anyone who listens to Dick Cheney is asking for another disaster.
The Senate Republican Leader used to believe strongly in limiting the ability of the rich and powerful to buy our democracy. But now, he won’t even condemn the Kochs when they say that the minimum wage leads to fascism. Republicans are too afraid of the Kochs to say anything negative about them. We need campaign finance reform because it will give more voice to average Americans and the middle class.
If spending is speech, where does that leave middle class Americans? Working families can’t compete with billionaires.  While the Koch Brothers and other special interests are using their big money to make their voices heard, Americans are being systematically disenfranchised.  This week, the Senate will vote on a constitutional amendment that will limit the raising and spending of money for federal political campaigns.   Our voice -- not our checkbook -- is the very essence of American democracy. That's an important principle that I will fight for.
At the first National Clean Energy Summit in 2008, President Bill Clinton challenged Nevada to become the first “self-sufficient clean energy state in the nation”.  Today at the 7th annual Summit, I'm proud to say that Nevada has responded and we are proving that President Clinton’s challenge is achievable.
In one week I'll be at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas, along with Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, White House Senior Counselor John Podesta, and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack.   You can sign up to attend here: http://www.cleanenergysummit.org/
I invite you to join the Faith Forum 2014 tomorrow, August 28, 2014 at Nevada Partners in North Las Vegas. This interactive forum will give you the opportunity to learn about federal resources, programs, and policy that can help your faith organization better achieve its mission as we work together to enrich our community.   RSVP today at rsvp@reid.senate.gov or call my Las Vegas office at (702) 388-5020.
The brutal beheading of Mr. James Foley highlights the role of foreigners, even Americans, participating with ISIS. Any Americans involved with ISIS will be dealt with as traitors.
Wow, Mo’ne Davis is really good, but our Nevada team is super talented. I watched every pitch last night and really enjoyed it. Good luck in the U.S. championship game on Saturday, Mountain Ridge!
It is hard to think that the scenes unfolding in Ferguson are taking place in an American city in the year 2014.   The nation's eyes are on the city of Ferguson and we will be watching closely. The public deserves a full disclosure of the facts surrounding the heartbreaking death of Michael Brown and the events that followed. Every community in America deserves equal justice and equal protection under the law.
Social Security reflects the best of America’s values. It promises all Americans that if they work hard and play by the rules, they can retire and live in dignity. Social Security is not a handout. It is a benefit that Americans earn, by working and paying into the system.
Today, I visited the solar panel project at Cooper Mountain. Clean energy projects like this one are creating thousands of jobs in Nevada.   On September 4 in Las Vegas, we'll be discussing the economic impact of clean energy. Visit www.cleanenergysummit.org
Congratulations to the Mountain Ridge Little League team for making Nevada so proud. Best wishes in Williamsport!
Nevada will have new resources for important Head Start early learning programs across the state. The Department of Health and Human Services has awarded a grant for $2,559,327 to the University of Nevada, Reno in order to expand Early Head Start projects in Nevada.
Yesterday, Congressman Steven Horsford and I announced that newly confirmed Secretary of Veterans Affairs Bob McDonald has signed off on relevant paperwork to begin the permitting process for the construction of an outpatient veterans clinic in Pahrump, Nevada.  I am pleased Secretary McDonald has fulfilled his commitment to our veterans in Pahrump who have been waiting for too long for this new clinic. Congressman Horsford and I will continue to work together to ensure that the Pahrump clinic is completed to guarantee our nation’s veterans always have access to their benefits.
More than $6.5 million in federal money is headed to southern Nevada to help tackle homelessness. 
Congress must act to ensure a fair shot for all Americans by creating jobs and strengthening the middle class. But rather than work with Democrats to focus on job creation, House Republicans have voted to sue the President. Senate Republicans have blocked votes to raise the minimum wage, ensure equal pay for women, and make college more affordable for middle class families.
This week, the Senate has taken strong action to get the Veterans Affairs Administration back on track.   The Senate confirmed Secretary McDonald earlier this week. And last night, Congress gave him the necessary tools to get the job done. Veterans will soon be able to see a doctor more quickly, and Secretary McDonald will be able to hold senior officials responsible for poor job performance.  More still needs to be done to keep our veterans from falling through the cracks. I will continue to work to ensure that veterans in Nevada, and throughout the country, receive the care they deserve.
The CIA is comprised of good men and women of integrity who sacrifice a great deal to protect our nation. The actions of a few risk tarnishing the work of many. The CIA’s leadership must take action to address these misdeeds, restore its trust with Congress and ensure that this episode will never, ever be repeated. 
Today, Senate Republicans voted to kill the Bring Jobs Home Act. This bill would have ended the ridiculous practice of American taxpayers picking up the tab for companies moving abroad and sending American jobs overseas. In Nevada alone, this bill would have protected 150,000 jobs.   Republicans voted against an increase in the minimum wage; they voted against equal pay for women; they voted against cost-cutting energy efficiency; they voted against student loan refinancing.  When will Republicans in Congress start to focus on the many families who depend on the jobs that Senate Democrats tried to protect today?  I will continue to act on behalf of Nevada, and America’s middle class, to pass bills that give Americans a fair shot at good, secure jobs.
I was so disappointed when I learned that VA hospitals in Nevada were failing the very veterans who depend on the VA for help. We have put together a very good bill that will improve veterans care, and I am confident that with support from Republicans, we can pass it this week. 
I'm so happy with the deal that Chairmen Bernie Sanders and Jeff Miller have struck to help our veterans. Rather than suing the President or discussing impeachment, this is the way we should be legislating. Wonderful news
Our friends in the state of Israel are under attack. We must pass legislation providing Israel with critical aid, and I am working with my colleagues in the Senate to move swiftly to do just that.
My friend Bernie Sanders, the Chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, is absolutely right.
The company that Charles Walgreen started is reportedly considering a renunciation of its American citizenship and a move to Switzerland, just to avoid paying its fair share of taxes.  When these companies reincorporate overseas, it is, simply put, unfair. It’s unfair to the American taxpayer, to the American government, and to the many companies who refuse to engage in this deceptive practice.   http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-23-07-reid-remarks-on-ending-corporate-citizenship-scams#.U9AobPldV8E
Clean energy policies will create good paying jobs, bring new industries to our states, and end our addiction to fossil fuels that contributes to climate change.
This humanitarian crisis on our border has to do with thousands of migrants, mainly children, who have fled to our border to escape the growing violence in Central America. It has nothing to do with DREAMers, children who have lived most of their lives as Americans.   Yet Republicans would have us believe the two are inseparably linked. That is complete and utter nonsense.   Congress must act now, and give the Administration the funding it needs to temporarily house and feed these boys and girls, and reinforce the infrastructure to process thousands of asylum and deportation hearings.  
We are going to vote again on this issue before the year is out. #NotMyBossBusiness 
Here are the details of the "Not My Boss' Business Act" which the Senate will vote on tomorrow afternoon. I hope you'll support it. We have a long way to go to ensure women are treated equal in all aspects of the law, as they should be.
Republicans wanted the President to delay the employer mandate. He did it. And now they're suing him for doing it!  Republicans' disdain for President Obama and health reform has prevented them from accepting the obvious: Obamacare is proving more and more successful each day.  If a show trial is what House Republicans want, they should go talk to Judge Judy.
Glad to see the Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance has endorsed immigration reform. We need the House Leadership to act on this for many reasons -- one of which is that it's good for business. 
The number of uninsured in America is declining, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://www.gallup.com/poll/172403/uninsured-rate-sinks-second-quarter.aspx
Speaker Boehner and House Republicans are considering filing a lawsuit against the President for some unspecified reason. It is a complete distraction from the real work that Congress needs to be doing!  Who will pay for this charade of a lawsuit that House Republicans are considering? American taxpayers.  President Obama is doing something to solve problems and Republicans are suing him because they want to do nothing. That is just sad. 
The Supreme Court decision by five men in the Hobby Lobby case was wrong, and we're trying to make it right.
I met with Julian Castro, nominee to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, to talk about the importance of affordable housing in Nevada.
I spoke at the Hispanics in Politics breakfast in Las Vegas today about how passing immigration reform will create jobs, reduce the deficit, and keep families from being torn apart.
Speaker Boehner has made it absolutely clear that he won’t lift a finger to fix our broken immigration system so President Obama is right to protect families from being torn apart.   Speaker Boehner is out of excuses and his failure of leadership is enormous. Our broken immigration system is one of the biggest challenges we face as a nation and Speaker Boehner knows that addressing it is the right thing to do, yet the Tea Party spooked him into cowering in a corner. Instead of working with Democrats to forge bipartisan solutions, Speaker Boehner has sunk to suing the President and wasting taxpayer money in a transparent attempt to appease the Tea Party.   “More than a year ago, the Senate passed bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform. The Senate’s legislation would reduce the deficit by $200 billion over the next ten years, more than all waiting House bills combined. But it is now clear those of us looking for common-sense solutions do not have a partner in the Republican-led House. With no prospect for reform in the Republican-led House, the choice is between taking action and letting hard-working families continue to be torn apart. President Obama is right to take action to protect families by asking Secretary Johnson and Attorney General Holder to look at what he can do within his administrative authority.  
If the Supreme Court will not protect women’s access to health care, then Democrats will.  It's time that five men on the Supreme Court stop deciding what happens to women. 
Today marks the 365th day that the Republican House has sat on its hands, refusing to fix our broken immigration system.  The immigration platform of the many in the Republican Party: deport first, find solutions later – or never. Our nation cannot deport our way out of this problem.   Immigration reform is about families. We must remain a nation that values families, and sees the family structure as the cornerstone of our communities.
My Republican friends often complain about Senate procedure regarding votes on amendments. The truth is, Republicans are complaining about process because they simply don't want to pass so many important bills that would help middle class American families.  Today, I offered Republicans a vote on Keystone and energy efficiency. They rejected it: 
I agree with Senator Rand Paul. We should allow people who have served their time and penance to be able to vote.   If you do the crime, you do the time. If you do the time and do it completely, why should you have to do more time?
According to the Nevada State Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation, the Nevada unemployment rate dropped to 7.9%. This is the lowest unemployment level in nearly 6 years.  Nevada is on the right track toward a full economic recovery. In order to continue down this path, we must invest in fiscal policies that will ensure job creation, and spark economic activity—like investing in transportation, and other infrastructure projects that will revitalize communities throughout the Silver State.  I hope Republicans will join Senate Democrats in supporting the EXPIRE Act, a bill that cuts taxes for homeowners and families, students and teachers, small businesses and large employers. These tax cuts will help sustain this recovery. And I urge my Republican colleagues to join to provide all Americans with a fair shot at economic success, so that everyone will benefit from a faster, fuller economic recovery. We still have much work to do, and as always, I remain committed to support programs that bring federal dollars back to Nevada to ensure our full economic recovery is a reality.
At their donor retreat a few days ago, Charles and David Koch made every effort to shroud the event in secrecy.  The truth is that the Koch brothers are concealing their massive fundraising efforts because Americans overwhelmingly oppose the purchase of our democracy.  The decisions by the Supreme Court have left the American people with a status quo in which one side’s billionaires are pitted against the other side’s billionaires. We must undo the damage done by the Supreme Court’s recent campaign finance decisions.  Let’s put an end to the cult of dark money which is corrupting our elections. Instead of pitting one side's billionaires against the other side's, we need a constitutional amendment to get all this shady money out. 
What has been taking place in Iraq is nothing less than a civil war. Do Republicans really believe that our service men and women should be inserted into the middle of an Iraqi civil war?? I don't.   Instead of addressing issues at home, we’re stuck listening to the very same neocons who pushed us into the Iraq war in the first place. They're trying to plunge our military into another foreign misadventure.   Based on my experience, to be on the wrong side of Dick Cheney is to be on the right side of history.
It doesn't matter what your ideology is. You should feel good about the news today that our government leadership, military, and law enforcement worked together to capture a ring leader of the Benghazi attacks.  Some Republicans have unfortunately been trying to downplay and insult the great work of our special forces and the FBI. Even in these days of polarization, that kind of reaction is shocking and disgusting.   They are insulting these good men and women who did some courageous things -- heroic things -- in order to criticize President Obama. It’s really pathetic. 
I've always loved this photo. 
Today, the Senate acted to ensure that our nation’s veterans receive the care they deserve. This bipartisan legislation starts the process of increasing accountability and improving care at VA facilities.  I’ve been greatly concerned by the results of an audit showing the VA is not serving the needs of Nevada’s veterans. I hope the legislation we passed today will help the VA facilities in Nevada get back on track.  For more details on the legislation we passed, please read this: http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/recent-business/senate-oks-sanders-mccain-va-reform-bill
Dave Brat, the Republican congressional candidate who defeated House Majority Leader Eric Cantor last night, has said the “the Republican Party has been paying too much attention to Wall Street and not enough to Main Street.” We just saw another example of that during the Senate vote today regarding student loans.
The Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinance Act, introduced by Senators Elizabeth Warren and Al Franken, is a lifeline to those with student loan debt.   The bill would provide graduates, who are now beholden to higher interest rates, with a two-year period to refinance to current student loans rates – 3.86% for undergraduates and 5.41% for graduate students.   This legislation would allow more than 25 million Americans to refinance expensive student loans.    In my home state of Nevada, more than 250,000 student loan borrowers would save thousands in interest fees by refinancing at current rates.  We have to act. Student loan debt now exceeds $1 trillion dollars – that’s more than credit card or auto loan debt.
I fought hard so that Las Vegas could have a brand-new veterans hospital, and it is a disgrace this hospital has been mismanaged. 
We all have a lot of sadness following the horrible violence that took place in Las Vegas yesterday. No words can undo the tragedy which claimed the lives of their loved ones. May their families know that Nevada and America grieve with them.   Our brave law enforcement officials put their lives on the line to ensure no other Nevadans were injured.  We here in Congress have a duty to put into place legislation that helps prevent deranged individuals from carrying out such savage acts of violence. We need universal background checks so that the deranged can’t buy a gun.
My wife Landra and I love Searchlight, the place of my birth, and the memories we have had there, but the time came to sell and do something different. We want to be closer to our 16 grandchildren who live in Southern Nevada, and be able to spend time with them. This is why we will now purchase a residence in the Las Vegas area. Searchlight will always remain my home, my favorite spot in the world where I can look at the quiet desert for miles at end. 
I am terribly saddened by today's events in North Las Vegas. Metro Police protect residents and the millions of visitors to the region each day. There is no place for this type of violence. 
Americans rescue our soldiers first and ask questions later.  No member of the armed forces should be left behind, and President Obama saw to that.   I understand that there are questions regarding Sergeant Bergdahl’s disappearance, and whether or not military code was violated. Those are issues that will be resolved by the United States Army, not Monday morning quarterbacks on Capitol Hill.  Let’s say, for the sake of argument, that Sergeant Bergdahl did violate his sworn oath. Who do we want to mete out justice to an American soldier? If action by the justice system is needed, I prefer American justice over Taliban justice -- every time.
If money equals free speech, how could working Americans afford to make their voices heard? Most Americans can't compete with billionaires.  What bothers me most is the notion that money gives the Koch brothers or corporations a greater voice in government than American voters.  We face a simple choice: We can argue forever about which side's billionaires are right – or, we can work together to get this shady money out of our democracy.
Yes, it costs money to take care of vets. And it's money well spent!  If we can spend money to send them to war, let's care for them at home too. 
Today is a great day for the United States of America.   The safe return of Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl is an answer to the prayers of the Bergdahl family and a powerful reinforcement of our nation’s commitment to leave no service member behind.   I commend the diplomats, service members, and others who worked tirelessly to bring Sergeant Bergdahl home, and I commend President Obama for taking decisive action to achieve the agreement leading to his release when the opportunity arose. The President rightly recognized our solemn obligation to take every possible measure to protect and defend the men and women who serve our nation.
There is no question that what the Inspector General’s report found is reprehensible and unacceptable. But the problems with the VA are systemic and deep-seated, and must not be tolerated.   To restore veterans’ trust in the reliability of VA health care, we must take action to address the root causes of these problems. Millions of American service members are coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan and entering the VA system, and that system needs more resources to provide them the best care.   When the Senate returns, the Veterans Affairs Committee will immediately work on the appropriate legislation to address these deeply rooted problems.
Ron Spears and Antonio Alcalá developed this beautiful #NVStatehoodStamp in honor of Nevada’s sesquicentennial. #NV150 (photo via USPS-Nevada)
Today, the world has lost one of its most powerful voices. I am terribly saddened by the loss of such an advocate for humanity. Through the power of her words, legendary poet, author, and civil rights leader, Maya Angelou has transformed millions of lives and challenged each of us to approach life with great courage. The wisdom and love Maya shared with this nation and our world will never be forgotten. She will certainly be missed, as no one can ever replace her style, eloquence, and dedication to people of all walks of life. Her words and deeds will undeniably reverberate for generations.   As we celebrate the life of  Maya Angelou, may her legacy of equality, tolerance, and peace live on. 
Here in Nevada, passage of the Senate’s comprehensive immigration reform bill would boost the economy by $325 million and create thousands of new jobs. It would also generate millions more in state and local taxes.   21 percent of Nevada business owners are immigrants and these businessmen and women generate $1.1 billion in income for the state each year. The Senate bill also includes an extension of the Travel Promotion Act, which has been highly successful in attracting international travelers to Las Vegas.  I hope Speaker Boehner does the right thing and allows a vote on comprehensive immigration reform soon.
I attended the 6th annual Fiesta Filipino in Las Vegas today. We all had a wonderful time, enjoyed some great food, and watched some beautiful performances. The Filipino culture adds so much diversity and strength to the fabric of American society.
So many things to get done, too few Republicans willing to do it.
It’s been 329 days since the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration bill that would create jobs, reduce our deficit, and keep families from being torn apart.  Let’s pass immigration reform today, and make it take effect at the beginning of 2017.  If Republicans don’t trust President Obama, then let’s give the next President the opportunity to implement it.   To be clear, delaying implementation of immigration reform is not my preference. But I’ll do whatever I can to help get this important bill across the finish line.   http://fusion.net/america_with_jorge_ramos/story/boehner-spars-jorge-ramos-immigration-reform-706699
My colleagues and I wrote a letter to the NFL urging it to change the derogatory and offensive name of Washington's football team.  
In recent days, I've been dealing with Republicans who are filibustering their own pieces of legislation. The obstruction is out of control.   As a result of the filibuster reform that Senate Democrats did last year, we're making some progress on nominations. Please read this: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/05/21/senate-filibuster-reform-obama-nominees_n_5358863.html
Let me state this plainly: No one should be able to pump unlimited funds into political campaigns, regardless of their party affiliation.   The Constitution does not give corporations a vote. And the Constitution does not give dollar bills a vote. Let's level the playing field for everyone.   The Senate will soon debate and vote on a constitutional amendment that curbs unlimited campaign spending.
We’re going to push a constitutional amendment so we can limit political spending because what is going on today is awful. We’re going to arrange a vote on it. We’re going to do it until we pass it because that’s the salvation of our country.  http://www.buzzfeed.com/johnstanton/harry-reid-backs-constitutional-amendment-to-limit-koch-brot
In the past few weeks, Republicans have been backing off of Obamacare. This might be the reason:
The billionaire Koch brothers are waging a war against anything that protects the environment. Why? Because it makes them richer.
It's been nearly a month since the Senate passed a bill with bipartisan support to extend emergency unemployment compensation. We're still waiting on the House to act.
Today’s jobs report is good news. The economy added 288,000 jobs in April, while the unemployment rate fell to 6.3 percent.  While it suggests that economic recovery is beginning, there is much work to be done to continue creating jobs and strengthening the middle class.   Even as our economy continues on the path to growth, in Nevada alone, thousands of families are looking toward Speaker Boehner to pass an extension of long-term unemployment assistance. I hope the House will take action soon.
This is what we've been dealing with here in the Senate...
I'm glad the NBA has acted to stamp out bigotry from its ranks. Now I wonder, how long will the NFL continue to do nothing as one of its teams bears a name that inflicts so much pain on Native Americans? 
Today, Senate Republicans blocked a bill that would increase the national minimum wage to $10.10. This legislation is vitally important for our economy and for millions of workers who deserve a decent wage. We will work to bring this up again.
Millions of American workers will be watching to see how each Senator votes today on the bill to raise the minimum wage. We'll begin the vote at noon.
CEOs earned 21% more in 2013 than in 2009, yet the national minimum wage has stayed the same. Is it fair that companies can find millions of dollars to pay their CEOs while some full-time workers are paid less than a livable wage?
The Senate will continue debate today on raising the national minimum wage to $10.10. I hope Senate Republicans understand how vitally important this is to so many Americans. It is simply not fair that working men and women are being stripped of the American dream because we refuse to pay them a livable wage.
Today, the Senate will begin efforts to increase the national minimum wage. Hard-working Americans with families to feed deserve a raise. It's long overdue. I ask for your help in this fight.
NA
Last week, I joined the Washoe County RTC to announce Nevada's first fleet of all-electric, zero-emission buses. These buses are already in service in downtown Reno and will save $1.72 million in fuel costs.   On this Earth Day, I'm proud that Nevada continues to be a model for the nation in clean energy. 
A minimum wage worker in Nevada would have to work 93 hours each week just to pay rent for an average 2-bedroom apartment, according to this report. Hardworking Americans deserve a raise.
NA
Manny Pacquiao is going to be raising his arms like this after his fight tomorrow night.
On the Senate floor today, my Republican friends continued their tactics of obstruction and delay. In case you miseed it, here's some highlights: http://youtu.be/h8Qxb5HJyto
Today, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced that 7.5 million people have signed up for health coverage through the Obamacare exchanges.   Nevada Health Link currently has a 60-day special enrollment period. Learn more here: http://www.reid.senate.gov/blog/nevada-health-link-announces-60-day-special-enrollment-period#.U0RKhvldV8F
For the third time, Senate Republicans filibustered the Paycheck Fairness Act. It’s just not right. They wouldn't even allow us to begin debate on the bill, at which point we could have entertained their amendments. Instead, they stopped the bill in its tracks.
I hope Speaker Boehner and House Republicans will allow a vote on the bipartisan, Senate-passed legislation to extend emergency unemployment insurance. This is an important economic lifeline for so many Americans who could use a little help. http://www.dpcc.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=290
Since January, over $70 million has been drained from Nevada’s economy because emergency unemployment benefits have not been extended. This is senseless; and that is why I continued to push for this legislation so that we could renew this lifeline for people who lost their job by no fault of their own.  I thank Senators Jack Reed and Dean Heller for their bipartisan work on this important bill and for their efforts to get this help to struggling American families who are trying to put food on the table and keep a roof over their head. The House of Representatives must now act quickly to pass this bill.
Many NASCAR fans can easily find their favorite drivers by simply spotting the corporate emblems on the hood of the car.  Here in the Senate, our clothing doesn't bear any commercial logos. But many Republican Senators these days might as well wear Koch Industries insignias to denote their sponsorship.  As members of the United States Senate, there should never be any doubt as to our sponsors – the American people.
Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court paved the way for the ultra-wealthy in our society, like the Koch Brothers, to have more influence over our political system. They are trying to buy our democracy.
If you're looking for a reason to support raising the minimum wage, please watch this.
For quite some time, too many international travelers have experienced lengthy delays because of staffing issues at Customs at McCarran International Airport. During the recent appropriations process, I worked to secure funding for additional officers. These new officers will shorten the Custom process and allow tourists to use their time contributing to our local economy by spending money and enjoying our wonderful attractions – rather than waiting in line at the airport.
Today I discussed the need to give Americans a raise. We’re up against strong forces who oppose us. Did you know that the Koch Brothers not only oppose raising the minimum wage, but that they want to abolish the minimum wage?
The strong and resilient Ft. Hood community is grieving over this latest act of senseless violence. We stand with them.
Great news. More work to be done to make the law work even better, but now, Republicans need to acknowledge that we can't -- and we shouldn't -- repeal this law.
The Koch Brothers’ gall is staggering. They are criticizing me for attacking their free speech rights. They want to say false and misleading things about Obamacare, but we’re not allowed to call them out for it?   The budget proposals drafted by House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan have been a blueprint for a modern Kochtopia. It's the Koch Budget. I'm going to keep highlighting the radical agenda of the Kochs. To any and all groups who wish to attack me on behalf of the Kochs, I say ‘fire away.’ I am proud to be the target of your attacks.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJ-z-ZKwb2Q
Tonight, the Senate adopted the motion to proceed to the Unemployment Compensation Extension bill. By rule, next vote on the bill will be on Wednesday. I'm trying to get this done as quickly as possible, while overcoming Republican procedural hurdles.
Today we honor an American hero who dedicated his life to improving working conditions for farm workers and defended labor rights for all Americans. Although Cesar Chavez is no longer with us, we must carry on his legacy by creating jobs for the middle class, restoring long term unemployment insurance for those who lost their jobs through no fault of their own, making sure all workers earn fair pay for their work, and stopping the separation of families by passing immigration reform.   http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-31-03-reid-commemorates-cesar-chavez-day#.Uzmy5vldXTo
Open enrollment for the health insurance marketplace ends in 2 days! I'm glad to see Nevadans are making efforts to sign up at the Cashman Center in Las Vegas this morning.
Tomorrow evening is Earth Hour. I am proud that several Nevadans, including many of our most iconic properties on the Las Vegas Strip, are participating. It's always a good reminder that we need to conserve energy.
Dan Snyder has to realize he is on the losing side of history. The sooner he changes the name, the better off we are. The name of the team is offensive to many people.
In Nevada, 26,000 people have seen their lifelines shattered, having lost work through no fault of their own. They’re hard-working people who deserve unemployment compensation.   They continue to look for work -- that’s the rule, that’s what they’re doing. Across the country, the number is 2.2 million people. These people deserve our attention and they’re going to get it.   I’m very encouraged that a group of bipartisan senators put together a bill to move forward. It’s not as long as I would like. But its five months, and for those people who are desperately in need of help, it's five months of relief. It’s very important to get this done. Neither side is getting everything they wanted. But they understand that that’s the nature of compromise.   As the weeks drag on, the plight of Nevadans and others around the country become more desperate. So I hope my Republican colleagues will cooperate so we can move forward and get over all the procedural hurdles that they put up all the time. Even if people don’t support the legislation, they should let us move forward on it.   We’re going to move forward either with or without them. These are the men and women that we represent; they are people who we were sent here to serve. So let’s do the right thing and pass this bill.
In light of clear-cut Russian aggression against Ukraine, it’s difficult to believe that Republicans are blocking the Senate from taking action. But they are.  Republicans objected to moving forward with an aid package for Ukraine and sanctions against Russia. Republicans are demanding Democrats agree to allow an amendment allowing the Kochs and billionaires like them to continue to anonymously spend millions trying to buy America’s democracy.  It’s hard to believe. But that’s the truth.  I applaud Senators John McCain and Bob Corker for their impassioned defense of this bill. I am confident this legislation will receive the strong, bipartisan support that it deserves. 
Today, the Battle Born state is celebrating the day that Congress passed - and President Abraham Lincoln signed - legislation paving the way for Nevada to become the 36th state. Nevada’s sesquicentennial is a big deal, as evidenced by the size of our celebration cake. #NV150
Success! Our persistence paid off. We've been able to reach a bipartisan compromise that will help Americans who depend on unemployment insurance. In Nevada alone, 26,000 unemployed workers would see their lifeline restored. I am confident that we will pass this 5-month extension of unemployment insurance sometime in the coming days. More than two million Americans depend on Congress approving this agreement.
The Kochs Brothers’ self-described “radical” agenda? This is what we’re up against: http://www.reid.senate.gov/koch-facts
This year, we celebrate Nevada’s 150th anniversary of its admittance to the Union. I'm proud to say our "Battle Born" state gave President Lincoln critical votes during the Civil War in 1864. Today, I was proud to detail some of the history of our great Silver State on the Senate Floor.  
When I criticized the Koch brothers, they came after me. But that won't stop me from telling the truth. youtu.be/8IHMWNMUGO0
My Senate Democratic colleagues and I are #Up4Climate tonight. We need to address the climate crisis because it's a fundamental question of our survival. Nevada has shown that reducing our reliance on fossil fuels is good for the economy and for the environment. http://youtu.be/srd7bBaobfc
Our economy continues to improve with last month marking 48 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. While this is welcome news, unfortunately far too many continue to look for a job, especially in my home state. To help Americans looking for work, we should provide the lifeline of unemployment insurance to those who have lost their job through no fault of their own. We are one Republican vote away.
We are seeking one more Republican vote to extend emergency jobless benefits. Make your voices heard!  http://www.reviewjournal.com/news/reid-preps-another-vote-extending-jobless-benefits
I believe in an America where economic opportunity is open to all. But based on their actions and the policies they promote, the Koch brothers seem to believe in an America where the system is rigged to benefit themselves and the wealthiest one percent. 
NA
Here's how I really feel about what happened to the bipartisan veterans benefits bill today: http://youtu.be/IspmggDtj8Q
There are plenty of issues on which Republicans and Democrats will always disagree. But, historically, Democrats and Republicans have been able to agree on one thing: Congress should do everything in its power to protect those who risked their lives to protect this country. Sadly, Republicans didn't allow that to happen today.
While Republicans use tall tales to attack Obamacare, Democrats have real stories of people who are saving more on their monthly premiums thanks to the law. We don’t have to make things up.  
I’m having good conversations with Republicans to extend emergency unemployment insurance. I believe we need to extend UI for 6 months, rather than 3. We’ll be voting again on this important issue soon.
We'll vote again soon on extending emergency unemployment insurance. Last time, we failed by just one Republican vote. This is important -- extending UI will help our economy and reduce poverty. We must keep pushing.
Our economy should work for everyone, not just the top one percent. Hard-working Americans deserve a raise.  Today, a new report by the Congressional Budget Office said that over 16 million Americans will receive a raise from an increase in the minimum wage to $10.10/hr. 97 percent of those people whose wages are affected will see them affected positively.   If my Republican colleagues have their own ideas for how to raise Americans’ income, we are ready and willing to work with them. I hope Republicans will seek to work across the aisle with Democrats on this issue instead of just blindly obstructing as they have done in the past.
For me, a key goal of immigration reform is about bringing and keeping families together -- like Edith and Brayham. I’m doing everything I can to make this happen.  At the end of the day, we have to get comprehensive immigration reform done. There are so many very tragic cases that need to be resolved, and that can only be done if we do comprehensive reform.  https://www.reviewjournal.com/news/immigrant-mother-son-reunited-thanks-new-policy
When the Senate returns, we will revisit the issue of extending unemployment insurance benefits.  I want to be absolutely clear: This issue is not going away. We are one Republican vote away from restoring this lifeline.   1.7 million Americans — including 22,000 Nevadans — depend on this lifeline. And we are not going to let them down.
I commend Speaker Boehner for doing the right thing yesterday. I am pleased that he has come to the realization that the full faith and credit of the United States is not a hostage to be held for political gain. Unfortunately, now we have Republican Senators who are threatening to filibuster the House-passed debt ceiling bill. We need to spend more time working together and less time overcoming Republican obstacles.
Contrary to common belief, raising the minimum wage isn’t just about helping teenagers earn a little extra cash. The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old, and earns half her family’s income. The majority of those making the minimum wage are women. And more than a quarter of the workers that would benefit from a raise are supporting children. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/09/opinion/sunday/the-case-for-a-higher-minimum-wage.html?ref=opinion&_r=1&referrer=
While our economy has added 8.5 million jobs with 47 consecutive months of job growth, the recovery will not be real for people in Nevada and across the country until they can find a good job and economic security for their families.   Right now, there are 1.7 million Americans, including nearly 22,000 Nevadans, who have seen their lifeline cut off by a Republican filibuster of unemployment insurance.  http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-02-07-reid-statement-on-january-employment-report#.UvUDffldXmt
We need just ONE VOTE from Republicans to pass UI extension. We'll vote again on this soon.
The Senate will vote at 2 pm EST today on a bill to extend unemployment insurance.
I commend CVS for their valiant decision to stop the sale of cigarettes and tobacco products in their stores. With thousands of kids trying smoking for the first time every day and nearly half a million Americans dying every year as a result of their smoking or someone else’s, taking these products off the store shelves will save lives.    http://www.reid.senate.gov/press_releases/2014-05-02-reid-statement-on-cvs-decision-to-stop-sale-of-tobacco-products
We’re very close on a deal to extend extend emergency unemployment compensation for 3 months. We just need a couple of Republicans to step over the line and join us.
Extending emergency unemployment benefits is an urgent priority.
I am working to make Nevada energy independent. 
 http://www.nationaljournal.com/daily/how-harry-reid-delivered-a-235-mile-long-power-line-to-nevada-20140122
Tonight, an important documentary called "Trafficked No More" will air on local channels. It sheds light on the deplorable sex trafficking that exploits children. http://traffickednomore.org/
Today we honor the legacy of a great American who, in a short lifetime, set in motion a chain of events that reshaped our nation for generations to come and brought us closer to the ideal that all are created equal. That legacy is evident today from the Las Vegas Strip, to the streets of Selma, Alabama.   Dr. King firmly believed we could realize the promise enshrined in our founding documents: no matter the color of our skin; no matter our culture, national origin, or who we love; we are all the same under the law and deserve the same set of opportunities. As we continue many of Dr. King’s struggles today, such as the fight to reduce poverty, we should pause to remember the sacrifices he made for this nation. We should remember today that each one of us has a responsibility to honor his legacy and bring America closer to the ideal of equality and a more perfect union.
Today President Obama proposed bold and real steps to reform the methods the intelligence community uses to keep us safe. These proposed reforms will go a long way towards putting the imperatives of national security and personal liberty into an appropriate and sustainable balance.  I have always believed that we must maintain rigorous oversight and transparency over national security programs that affect American citizens. At the same time, we must be sure to provide our intelligence professionals with the tools they need to protect our country and defeat those who would do us harm. In the Senate, leaders from both parties have been working diligently on these issues, and I look forward to working with them and President Obama to implement the proposals outlined today.   I also want to express my appreciation for the hard-working men and women of the intelligence community. They dedicate their lives to protecting our safety, and we all owe them a debt of gratitude.
We are not going to forget about unemployment extension. We are not going to walk away from this issue. Please read this: 
Yesterday, Senate Republicans filibustered an extension of unemployment benefits. Despite our many efforts to earn their support, Republicans proved they never really wanted to vote for an extension. 
 
 Sadly, Republicans around the country are not being well-represented by Republicans in Congress.
Bloomberg's Billionaires Index shows the rich are getting richer. 300 fortunate individuals flooded their already flush coffers with another $2 billion each last year, as millions of American families struggled to make the rent.
 
 For most Americans, hard work isn’t paying off the way it does for the top one percent. And for many, it’s been impossible to even find steady, full-time work since the recession began.
Today, hundreds of veterans attended a Career Fair and Workshop hosted by my Southern Nevada office along with UNLV. Those who attended were able to receive career counseling, transition services, and had an opportunity to meet with 80 employers hiring in the region. This event underscores the urgent need to create jobs, especially for men and women who have served our country.
The expiration of emergency unemployment insurance is causing pain to many American families around the country. Watch this video to see some of the impacts. This is why I'm fighting so hard to renew UI.
Congratulations to Hall of Fame pitcher Greg Maddux, a true master of his trade and the pride of Nevada today.
The Washington Post reports that House Republican leaders sent a memo to the entire GOP conference urging their members to "show compassion" for the unemployed. It shouldn't take a memo to show compassion. No wonder Republicans in Congress are out of touch with Republicans around the country. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2014/01/07/house-gop-leaders-coach-rank-and-file-on-discussing-unemployment/
NA
I had planned to hold a vote on extending unemployment insurance tonight. But many Republican senators weren't present tonight and complained that the process was being rushed. The Republican minority whip asked to delay the vote, and I agreed. The vote will now take place at 10 am tomorrow morning.
This afternoon, the Senate will hold a vote on extending unemployment compensation. Passing it is the right thing to do. The 3-month extension has bipartisan support, and it only needs a few more Republican votes in order to pass. Make your voice heard!
I'll be on CBS's Face the Nation on Sunday to discuss specific actions Congress can take to address economic inequality. That is one of the most important issues our nation must address.
The first order of business when the Senate returns next week will be to vote on extending unemployment benefits that have expired. We must pass this legislation in order to continue our economic growth and help expand the middle class.
Senator Reid has been released from the hospital and is back at home with his wife, Landra. As previously stated, he went to the hospital as a precaution. The doctors diagnosed him as exhausted, not anything more serious, and have cleared him to go back to work. He spent today resting, talking to family, friends and colleagues, reading the news and discussing Senate business. He appreciates the kind words and thoughts sent by so many, thanks the doctors at George Washington University Hospital for the excellent care he received, and wishes everyone a Happy Holidays.
Early this morning, Senator Reid was not feeling well and as a precaution decided to go to the hospital. Tests have been conducted and everything is normal.  He is alert, resting and feeling better.  Doctors have asked that he remain in the hospital for observation so he will not be working today.
Congress is finishing this year less popular than a cockroach, and mindless, knee-jerk obstruction from a handful of Republicans is exactly why.   Here's one example of what we're dealing with: Senate Republicans have voted to block nominees, and then, moments later voted to confirm them.
Put simply, we need to govern with more compromise and less crisis. The bipartisan budget deal is a positive step in the right direction.
I'm very happy and satisfied that we had 12 Republicans voted with us to proceed with the bipartisan budget agreement. I look forward to final passage of this budget sometime tomorrow to avert another dangerous and costly government shutdown in January. Gridlock has got to end and it is ending.   http://www.reid.senate.gov/blog/bipartisan-budget-deal-advances-in-the-senate#.UrC3ZfRDvzg
I have a fancy new website. Please visit it, and be aware of the various services my office can provide.   Let us know what you think of the site: http://www.reid.senate.gov/
It's been one year since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary. The Newtown victims are still very much in my thoughts. Although their years were few, the lives they touched are many.   Last December, I promised the families of Newtown a meaningful conversation about how to change America’s culture of violence. I want everyone within the sound of my voice to know that the conversation is not over.   The American people will prevail on the issue of gun safety legislation. It's only a question of when. Never lose hope.
Extending unemployment benefits is very important, and it will be our first item of business in the new year.
Today, I met with Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and thanked them for their persistence in pushing to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous criminals. I expressed my commitment to passing legislation that includes comprehensive background checks, and I indicated that we'll have another vote on this important legislation in the near future.
VIDEO: Senator Reid explains the GOP talkathon
Republicans are insisting that we must vote on an important nomination at 1 a.m. tomorrow morning, after they have frittered away 30 hours of the Senate’s time. It is hard to imagine a more pointless exercise than spending an entire day waiting for a vote whose outcome we already know. But Republicans insist on wasting time simply for the sake of wasting time.
We need to raise the minimum wage, because too many Americans who are working full-time are still struggling to make ends meet.
My thoughts are with Nelson Mandela’s family and with the people of South Africa during this difficult time. As both the emancipator of a people and the founder of a modern democracy, Mandela was one of the truly unique and transcendent figures of our time. Mandela embodied the very spirit of democracy, freedom, and equality. He leaves behind an incredible legacy that will not be forgotten, and which will continue to inspire current and future leaders for generations to come.
We need to raise the minimum wage. It’s the right thing to do for our economy and for American families.
Speaker Boehner cannot continue to delay action on comprehensive immigration reform. The House must act, and I'm confident that they will be compelled to pass it. I also applaud the courage of #Fast4Families, who have been raising awareness about the costs of our broken immigration system.
I hope the Supreme Court won't allow employers to end the Affordable Care Act’s guarantee of free contraception coverage for women.
One of my most honored possessions that I keep in my office is a letter that I received from JFK when I was in college. I admired him so very much.
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Here’s why I changed the rules. Not for the good of the current Democratic majority, or some future Republican majority, but for the good of the United States of America.
We need break the gridlock in Washington. Enough is enough. A change to the rules regarding presidential nominees will apply equally to both parties. When Republicans are in power, these changes will apply to them as well. That’s simple fairness.
Today, Senate Republicans once again filibustered one of President Obama's qualified nominees to fill the vacant seats on the DC Circuit court. Republicans have blocked nominees solely to deny President Obama his constitutional right to appoint judges.
NA
I invite you to participate in the “Insuring” Healthy Futures for Women & Students event on Wednesday, November 20, 2013, at the UNLV Thomas & Mack Board Room starting at 1:30 pm. This event is being hosted by my Las Vegas office, UNLV Student Wellness, the UNLV Jean Nidetch Women’s Center, Community Services of Nevada, and the Las Vegas Urban League. 
 
 At this event, you can learn about new health insurance options available to you and get started with enrollment on Nevada Health Link, the Silver State’s new health insurance marketplace. While this event will provide some information that women and students may find especially helpful, the event is open to all Nevadans, and we welcome anyone with questions about new health insurance coverage options. 
 
 To RSVP, please email HealthyFuture@reid.senate.gov or contact my Las Vegas office at 702-388-5020.
Today we saw a clear contrast: Democrats are working to fix and improve the Affordable Care Act, while Republicans still want to go back to the days when insurance companies could deny people coverage for pre-existing conditions.   The fix proposed by President Obama today is an important step towards addressing a problem that has arisen and if we need to do more, we will.   Republicans should stop listening to the extremist voices in their party who only want to repeal the benefits of the Affordable Care Act. Whenever Republicans decide to stop rooting for failure, roll up their sleeves and get to work, we stand ready and willing to work with them and find common ground.
Speaker Boehner keeps saying they won’t take up our bipartisan bill that addresses comprehensive immigration reform.  The only legislation he’s been willing to do over there is -- hard for me to comprehend -- Steve King’s from Iowa. They voted on it and passed it to deport the DREAMers. But yet, they won't vote on measures to improve the lives of millions of people.
I am extremely disappointed that Republicans have once again blocked a highly qualified nominee to a court currently operating with three vacancies.   This is the third talented female jurist in a row that they have blocked to fill a vacant seat on the D.C. Circuit court.  Professor Nina Pillard is a respected legal scholar at Georgetown University and has argued nine cases before the U.S. Supreme Court.   Republicans filled these vacancies under President Bush, and they should work with Democrats to fill them now.
Today, we honor those who served as well as their families. Happy Veterans Day!
Earlier this year, the Republican National Committee produced an "autopsy report" to offer "a path forward for the Republican Party to ensure success." I hope they'll read it:
Today's jobs report shows steady growth. This is encouraging, but more work remains to be done until every Nevadan and every American who wants a job can get one.   The best way we in Congress can grow our economy is by replacing meat-ax cuts with closing wasteful tax loopholes. I hope that in the weeks ahead, my Republican colleagues will work with us to trade European-style austerity for smart policies that reduce the deficit and spur job growth that benefits all Americans, not just those at the very top.   It's time to reinvest in the American economy through policies that rebuild manufacturing and create long-term, high-quality jobs. After years of lurching from crisis to crisis, it is time to give our economy the certainty it needs for strong, sustained growth.
We can either go forward or backwards. I'm fighting for progress.
Today will be a big day for the advancement of equality. I'm hopeful the Senate will come together in a bipartisan manner to pass ENDA this afternoon.
This week, the Senate will begin debate on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which would simply afford all Americans the same protections from discrimination based on prejudice. 
 
 Workers should be judged not on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity, but on the quality of their work.
We can't allow House Republicans to gut the food stamps program. This small amount of assistance helps prevent hunger. 9 out of 10 recipients are families with children, senior citizens or people with disabilities.
On Monday, the Senate will vote on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. This is legislation that every member of Congress should support -- it ensures ALL Americans are treated with fairness.
Today is Nevada’s birthday. Happy #NevadaDay!I'm honored to represent such a beautiful state.
 
 Nevada – from the mountains and high deserts of the east to the geothermal wells of the north, from glittering Lake Tahoe in the west to shining Las Vegas in the South, from Indian Country to the mining towns and ranching communities – is a unique state in today’s modern Union.
If you missed my conversation with The Rachel Maddow Show last night because you were watching the World Series, that's ok. You can watch it here: on.msnbc.com/1ivU9Jj
The deficit has been cut by more than half since 2009. We'll continue our work in this regard, but we must also prioritize job creation and job growth.  http://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2013/10/30/deficit-more-cut-half-2009
I had the pleasure of sitting down with The Rachel Maddow Show today. Rachel always asks great questions. Tune in tonight to hear my answers... and then let me know what you think.
The Senate will soon take up the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which would provide basic protections against workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. 
 
 We have to tried to pass it before, and it has failed. We will try again, and we're hopeful it will finally succeed this time.
The Republican government shutdown was totally unnecessary. What a shame.
The bill that Congress passed last week to reopen the government will help address the benefits claims backlog. As part of the bill, the VA will receive about $2.5 billion for its administrative and operational costs; $300 million more than last fiscal year.   I am working to urge the VA to reduce the serious backlog in claims at the Reno VA Regional Office, which handles claims for the entire state. The wait time for veterans in Nevada is significantly longer than the national average. And while there are multiple factors contributing to the number of claims entering the system, addressing the claims backlog must be a priority regardless of these factors.
My condolences go out to the victims’ families and my thoughts are with the teachers, administrators, parents and students at Sparks Middle School who have experienced a traumatic morning. No words of condolence could possibly ease the pain, but I hope it is some small comfort that Nevada mourns with them. I stand by to be of any assistance if there is anything that can be done and I will continue to monitor the situation.
Last night, the Republican-led House did the right thing. The House voted on a piece of legislation that earned strong bipartisan support. I served in the House. That's the way it used to be. There was never this "majority of the majority" nonsense. So I would hope that if we've learned nothing else from this, that we will now get rid of the stupid so-called "Hastert Rule."
The Republican government shutdown was not a great moment in our nation's history. But I hope we will all learn some lessons and commit to never inflicting this pain on the American people again.
The eyes of the world have witnessed a great deal of political discord. But today, they will see Congress reach a historic, bipartisan agreement to reopen the government and avert a default on the nation’s bills. The compromise we reached will provide our economy with the stability it desperately needs.
The House Republican leadership’s plan to advance an extreme bill is nothing more than a blatant attack on bipartisanship.  Extremist Republicans in the House of Representatives are attempting to torpedo the Senate’s bipartisan progress with a bill that cannot pass the Senate.  We have worked hard to rise above partisanship and find common ground in the Senate for the good of the nation. I am disappointed that Republicans in the House are trying to sabotage that success.
Funding the government and paying the nation's bills are basic functions of Congress. We should do our job -- and not expect a ransom in return for it.
Congratulations to my friend Nancy Pelosi on her worthy induction into the National Women's Hall of Fame! It's such a fine and deserved honor for a wonderful leader.
Our position is that we should re-open the government, pay our bills, and then move forward with good-faith negotiations on a long-term budget. I thank the President for inviting Republicans and Democrats to the White House this week to talk with him. Unfortunately, House Republicans refused his offer and sent only 20 of its 232 members.  The problem right now is that the conversation is one-way; Republicans are not interested in doing anything constructive to raise the debt ceiling and open the government. It’s not too late for our Republican colleagues to do the right thing for this country.
I'm glad to see Republicans coming around to the idea of a clean bill to avert default. But let's be clear. A 6-week delay of a catastrophic default is not enough to give the economy the confidence it needs to continue growing and recovering. The Senate will soon vote on a 15-month measure.  Congress' work to restore faith in government won't end with avoiding default. Republicans must also reopen the federal government -- the whole government.
Today in the Senate, I am working to pass a bill to increase the debt ceiling. A vote to avert default is simply a vote to pay the bills.   It’s a vote to pay the bills the federal government has already incurred – bills for roads and bridges we’ve already built and warships we’ve already commissioned, as well as wars we’ve waged with borrowed money and tax breaks we’ve charged on the national credit card.   Here's what President Reagan said about the importance of paying our bills:
How Speaker Boehner can end this crisis, in 3 simple steps:
This is what happens every time we've asked Republicans to enter into a budget conference so that we negotiate our differences.
Democrats negotiated with Republicans and struck a very difficult compromise for us. But now that Democrats have compromised, Speaker Boehner won’t take yes for an answer. The Senate has voted on this; the House has not.
Yesterday, Speaker Boehner claimed there aren’t enough votes to pass the only bill that can end this dangerous government shutdown. His own members of his caucus disagree.  A surefire way to find out who's right is to hold a vote. That would settle this question once and for all, wouldn’t it?
President Ronald Reagan stressed the importance of raising the debt ceiling. He said Congress' failure to act would lead the nation "into very dangerous territory." Failing to honor our debt obligations would be an "outrage," President Reagan said.
Uninsured Nevadans are so desperate for Obamacare that they are calling the enrollment hotline in tears. This law is necessary, it's working, and I will keep fighting for it.
The solution for immigration reform is the same as it is for shutdown -- the House needs to vote! #TimeIsNow http://youtu.be/LGrcpdQh7L4
Speaker Boehner is a good man who has a tough job. But can anyone explain to me why he refuses to allow a vote on the Senate-passed bill to end the shutdown?
Today, the House Republicans passed uncontroversial legislation to give backpay to federal workers once the government reopens. Of course, we agree with this legislation and will support it. But it’s cruel to tell these workers that they’ll receive backpay once the government reopens, but then refuse to open the government!  Republicans still have yet to vote on our Senate bill which would reopen the government today. The government is shut down because Speaker Boehner refuses to let the House vote on a bill that was HIS IDEA!
Today, my thoughts are with Brian Carter, a 23-year veteran of the Capitol Police force. Brian was injured during the incident yesterday at the Capitol. When I spoke to him over the phone, he told me he'll be fine. He also said, "The only thing I do every day is to make sure you and everyone who works up here is safe.”
 
 My colleagues and I are wearing these buttons to honor the service of the Capitol Police. The organization is full of wonderful people like Brian.
 
 Right now, they are working without pay. We must re-open the government to ensure our law enforcement officials here and around the country are being compensated for their work.
As I told CNN tonight, I made some important concessions to Speaker Boehner in order to reach a deal that would avert a government shutdown. But unfortunately Speaker Boehner couldn't deliver.
I really wish Speaker Boehner would allow a vote on the one bill that would prevent a shutdown. The Senate has passed a clean bill to fund the government, and already, 20 House Republicans have indicated they would vote for it.
Republicans are in such desperate straits that they have literally resorted to accusing me of not caring about kids with cancer. Shameful.  Funding for the National Institutes of Health is of critical importance for me. But I won't allow Republicans to cherry-pick which parts of government to open. We must open all of the government immediately.
Today, I wrote a letter to Speaker Boehner offering a new path forward to end the government shutdown. I believe this is a sensible, reasonable offer. Please read my letter here: http://democrats.senate.gov/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/lettertoboehnershutdown.pdf
It is thanks to the Affordable Care Act that uninsured individuals and families in Nevada can shop for health insurance plans online -- and no one will be turned away for preexisting conditions. 
 
 Share this site with Nevadans you know who need affordable health care: 
 
 https://www.nevadahealthlink.com/
 
 Five decades ago, Republicans predicted Medicare would fail. Today, Medicare is one of the most successful social programs in the history of the world. Virtually every American over 65 has health insurance, and the number of seniors that live below the poverty line has decreased by 75%. 
 
 I believe that in years to come, when they write the history books, Obamacare will be seen as the greatest single step since Medicare to provide quality, affordable health care to all Americans.
Today, Nevadans across the Silver State have begun to witness the disastrous effects that the shutdown of the federal government has on our delicate economy. At Red Rock Canyon alone, over a million people visit there every year.   My position is that we will not be held hostage, and we will not be bullied. We cannot accept a government funding plan that strips away the benefits of the Affordable Care Act from millions of Americans.
Remember this day.
Republicans have long opposed expanding health care. Here's proof that I keep in my wallet.
The United States Senate acted in a strong bipartisan way today to avert a government shutdown. If Speaker Boehner wants to avoid a shutdown, he should pass our resolution. There are only a couple of days left until a shutdown occurs.  A shutdown would be very negative for our economy. The American people deserve better than a government that lurches from crisis to crisis caused by a handful of extremists. American families deserve a government that works for them, not against them.
The senior Senator from Arizona -- John McCain -- said it best. The debate over Obamacare is over; in the last election, the Republicans lost. Let's move on.
Today, I went to the Senate floor to ask that we begin votes that will prevent a government shutdown. A pair of Republican senators insisted on delaying the votes, without any good reason. This is a big charade being led by a few of my Republican colleagues.   People are tired of us talking. They want us to get something done here. Every minute that goes by is a minute closer to a government shutdown.
I commend Republican senators who have spoken up in favor of reason – calling the Tea Party’s shutdown ultimatum a “box canyon,” a “suicide note,” and “the dumbest idea ever.” Although these reasonable Republicans dislike Obamacare as much as their more radical colleagues, they also realize the futility and the danger of political hostage taking. They know this country cannot be governed by one faction of one party on one side of the Capitol. Governing must be a cooperative effort that sets aside ideological or parochial concerns in favor of what is best for the nation, for the economy and for middle-class families.
Hours of speeches won't change a thing. Obamacare will continue to be the law of the land. We must work together to find compromise and govern for the sake of the nation.
We can't allow Republicans to drive the economy off a cliff, Thelma & Louise style.
The Affordable Care Act has been the law of the land for four years. Democrats are willing to work with reasonable Republicans to improve this law. But we will not bow to Tea Party anarchists who deny the mere fact that Obamacare is the law. We will not bow to Tea Party anarchists who refuse to accept that the Supreme Court ruled Obamacare to be constitutional. And we will not bow to Tea Party anarchists in the House and the Senate who ignore the fact that President Obama was overwhelmingly reelected in November.
I am glad to see more and more of my moderate Republican colleagues stepping up to speak sense to more extremist elements of their party.
At some point soon, Republicans will have to face an inevitable choice: pass a clean bill to fund the government, or force a shutdown. I have said it before but it seems to bear repeating: the Senate will not pass any bill that defunds or delays Obamacare.   The Affordable Care Act has been the law of the land for three years. Democrats stand ready to work with reasonable people who want to improve it, but Republican attempts to take an entire law hostage simply to appease the Tea Party anarchists are outrageous, irresponsible and futile.   I am glad to see more and more of my moderate Republican colleagues speaking up against the vocal, irrational minority within their ranks. But only time will tell if common sense will prevail.
In the richest country in the world, 1 in 6 people are in danger of going to bed hungry tonight. And half of those people are children. Meanwhile, the House GOP is considering a bill that cut $40 billion from the food stamp program. The Senate has passed a bipartisan bill that won't force needy children to skip meals, but the House Republican leadership refuses to consider any bill that can garner votes from both parties.
Republicans keep wasting everyone's time with votes on Obamacare repeal. Instead, we should be focusing on the reality of climate change. We are doing nothing about it.
Obamacare is the law of the land. Time to accept it and move on.
Under the Affordable Care Act, members of Congress and their staffs will be covered by exactly the same plans that will extend health insurance to millions of Americans next year. Under the law, 535 members of Congress and 16,000 staff are treated like other employees across America. And like 150 million other Americans who get their health insurance through their jobs, their employer – the federal government – will share part of the cost of that healthcare, as it has for all federal employees for decades.  If Republican Senators believe they should bear the full cost of their own health insurance, they can certainly decline the federal government’s employer contribution and pay their own way. They can even encourage their staffs to follow suit. But for Senator Vitter and his Republican allies to end the contribution for 16,000 hard-working federal employees – even after years of accepting the subsidy themselves – is hypocritical and mean spirited.
My sympathies go out to the victims of today’s tragic mass shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. We are all so thankful for the professionalism of our first responders who rushed to the scene. I will ensure that every federal resource is made available to support law enforcement and the military community and to bring those responsible for this terrible attack to justice.
If Republicans insist on delaying or defunding Obamacare, they are putting us on a path to shutdown. It is that simple. Now is not the time for political stunts. The American people are tired of watching us lurch from crisis to crisis. Everyone with a firm grasp on reality knows what we need to do: Pass a clean bill to keep the government open as we continue to debate the fiscal issues before us.
A Nevada reporter asked me what songs are on my iPod these days, and here’s what I told him: http://www.newsreview.com/reno/public-servant/content?oid=11387279
On 9/11, we remember the fallen, but we also celebrate America's perseverance.
If there is a realistic chance -- and I certainly hope there is -- to secure Syria's chemical weapons, we shouldn't turn our backs on that chance. But for such a solution to be plausible, the Assad regime must act quickly to prove their offer is real.  It's very important to understand that the only reason the international community is seeking an alternative to military action is that President Obama has made it plain and clear that the United States will act if we must. Our credible threat of force has made these diplomatic discussions with Syria possible.   Any agreement must ensure chemical weapons in the hands of Syria can be secured. I am pleased that the Obama administration's considering this offer.
People of good conscience may disagree with me, but here's where I stand on the use of force against the Syrian regime: America must stand up for the powerless.
Thank you! Climate change is here, it's real, and we have to do something about it.
The Senate will vote on Wednesday on the authorization of force against the Syrian regime. Without question, the regime’s brutality demands a response.   I don’t expect everyone to agree with my statement. That is your right. But my firm conviction is that anytime the powerful turn weapons of terror and destruction against the powerless, it is our business. I believe America must set the example for the rest of the world.   I am reminded of a quote in Dante’s Inferno: “The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.”
My good friend Al Gore at Lake Tahoe summit calling on Tahoe to lead the global conversation on sustainability and become a model on how to address global warming. Lake Tahoe is up to the challenge!
We should not tolerate discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in Russia, at the Sochi Olympics, or anywhere else for that matter.
I am working to find a bipartisan solution to reverse the damaging effects of the sequester, including the harmful cuts to NIH funding. There’s absolutely no reason why Republicans shouldn’t be able to support funding for life-saving cures and treatments.
U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell says, “Nevada is such a leader in so many ways and certainly at the epicenter of challenges around climate and water and also on the forefront in so many areas on renewable energy development.”
Today, I'm co-hosting the National Clean Energy Summit. Since we began the summit five years ago, it, Nevada’s renewable energy industry has blossomed. Watch our discussion live:
The Three Square Food Bank is a non-profit that provides 19 million meals a year for Nevadans. They have now opened a new center that will help southern Nevadans apply for SNAP assistance. Yesterday at the opening of the new center, I met with families who rely on SNAP and was reminded of the need to fight against House Republican attempts to cut funding for this vital program. Thank you Three Square for all the work that you do!
I met today with Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, and I expressed my solid commitment to passing background checks legislation. We must take responsible steps to reduce gun violence.
Republicans have favored corporate tax reform for decades. But now that President Obama is proposing it, Republicans are opposing it.  The President’s thoughtful approach would couple lower corporate tax rates with investments in job-creating measures such as road and bridge construction.   Democrats know there is more work to be done. But we won’t agree to any plan that balances the budget by killing jobs and whacking the middle class.
People can see something strange is going on with our environment. We’ve got to start talking about it and doing something about it. We can no longer watch devastating weather events and think “it’s happening just because it’s happening.” It’s happening because of the ravages of climate change. Experts agree: http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2013/jul/25/panel-renewable-energy-experts-decry-climate-chang/
The National Institutes of Health is close to developing a universal flu vaccine -- a lifetime treatment that an individual would take once to gain immunity from the flu. The sequester is damaging NIH’s ability to progress towards this and other life-saving cures. We need to reverse the sequester.
Last night, I spoke with Judy Woodruff on the PBS Newshour. Here's the full interview in case you missed it:
House Republicans are failing even by their own metric. They’ve replaced virtually nothing. So by the speaker’s own admission, they’re not getting anything passed and by his own analysis, they’re getting nothing repealed. So they’re doing nothing.
It's been 118 days since the Senate passed its budget. Republicans have been rejected the next step because they refuse to negotiate and work out differences with us.
We cannot deny the science.
I am not going to beat around this. The devastation caused by wildfires raging in Nevada and other western states has been made worse due to climate change. The winters are shorter, the summers are hotter, moisture patterns have changed. Talk about climate change as if it really exists; don’t beat around the bush.
This Saturday, July 20th from 9am to 2pm, my Las Vegas office is hosting a Home Foreclosure Prevention Clinic with Bank of America, Nationstar, Wells Fargo, One West, Chase, and Ocwen.  Attendees will have an opportunity to sit down with representatives from their lender and a HUD approved housing counselor to discuss work-out options that may be available for them in order to avoid foreclosure.  RSVP is required for this limited-space event. For more information or to RSVP, please see below, email HomeEvent_Reid@reid.senate.gov, or call my Las Vegas office at (702) 388-5020.
The Senate has passed a good immigration bill that offers a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. House immigration reform efforts must also include a pathway to citizenship. DREAMers tell me they will not leave their families behind.
We need to have an effective U.S. Senate and I think in the foreseeable future I'm hopeful we're going to have one.
Your calls are being answered in the Senate. Congress should be a place where we engage in spirited debate and get things done, and we're finalizing an agreement that will be a major step towards achieving that goal. The President deserves votes on his nominees, and he's about to get that.
I've been hearing from many Americans in the past few days. I've heard two major complaints with the Senate: 1) too much gridlock and 2) not getting enough done. I want to hear from you -- please let me know what you think.
Friends, Congress has a lower approval rating than North Korea, and yet the Republican leader Sen. Mitch McConnell is defending the status quo of how we do business. Do any of you think things are working just fine? We need to #EndGridlock and allow any President's nominees to have simple up-or-down votes.
We must end the unprecedented obstruction that presidential nominees have faced in the Senate. #EndGridlock
Remember, the immigration debate is about improving people's lives.
Here are some highlights from my speech this morning about the vital need to end gridlock in the Senate:
The Senate is broken, and I want to fix it. President Obama has had more cabinet secretaries filibustered than any other recent president. Republicans have employed creative new methods to obstruct nearly every single one of President Obama’s nominees.  There are currently 15 presidential nominees ready to be confirmed by the Senate who have been waiting nearly 9 months for confirmation! Republicans are blocking qualified nominees because they refuse to accept the law of the land. Unacceptable.  A President needs a team to run the government. For instance, you can’t ask a Major League Baseball Manager like Davey Johnson to field a winning team with half a roster. I will not wait another month, another year, another Congress to take action. #EndGridlock
I have been closely following the news of devastating wildfires raging in both northern and southern Nevada this week.
 
 My thoughts are with the thousands of Nevadans who have been evacuated from their homes. And my thanks go out to the dedicated first responders who acted quickly to protect lives and assist in the evacuation. It’s impossible to say how many lives and homes they have saved. 
 
 Smoke can be seen almost everywhere. And I’ve heard from people in Nevada who have seen ash falling from the sky like snow. I will reach out to Governor Sandoval to offer any assistance I can.
Tomorrow the Senate will vote on our plan to keep student loan rates low for an additional year. I hope Senate Republicans won’t block this common-sense plan to invest in our economy by keeping college affordable.  Last month, Senate Republicans rejected Democrats’ plan to freeze student loan interest rates at current levels for two years without adding a penny to the deficit. Because of this Republican obstruction, loan rates doubled on July 1.  If either the legislation passed by House Republicans or the plan proposed by Senate Republicans became law, student loan rates would more than double over the next few years, as interest rates increase.
Today in Las Vegas, I spoke to a large crowd about the importance of finally delivering on the promise of comprehensive immigration reform. Joining me was Congressman Luis V. Gutierrez, a long-time champion of immigrant rights. It was a great event that featured a wonderful Mariachi band.   I told the crowd that immigrants have come here because they want to work, and they want to contribute to society. The Senate immigration bill may not be perfect but it's damn good. It will strengthen our economy, reduce the debt, and bolster our national security. And it keeps families together while delivering a pathway to citizenship.
I hope to see some of you later today in Las Vegas.
Democrats have a common-sense plan to prevent loan rates from doubling without adding to the deficit.
The prayers of DREAMers and all immigrants were answered in the Senate today. The bipartisan bill we passed will help millions of people who are tired of looking over their shoulders and fearing deportation to start down the pathway to citizenship. While I am sad that Senator Kennedy wasn’t here to see history made, I know he was looking down on us proudly.
Dear fellow Nevadans, I hope to see you at this immigration event on Monday.
Today is a great, historic day for equality in America. Outside the Supreme Court this morning, inspiring Americans were passionately advocating for equal treatment under the law. We took some photos to mark this important occasion.
As we enter the final stages of the Senate debate on immigration reform, I remind everyone that their involvement will be crucial to success. I will continue to do everything in my power to get immigration reform over the finish line and complete a job that for me started many years ago. But I and my colleagues in both chambers need every bit of help we can get.
The Supreme Court has struck down the Defense of Marriage Act. This is progress in the truest sense of the word. A great, historic day for equality!
I agree with President Obama: We need to end the limitless dumping of carbon pollution into our air. In recent years, Americans have endured devastating droughts, wildfires and floods, while our coastal communities have been battered by destructive storms. These extreme weather events hurt our economy and exact a terrible human toll.
 
 President Obama’s plan will create jobs by encouraging investment in clean energy and energy efficiency, and strengthening our nation’s resilience to extreme weather and climate impacts. I have personally seen how smart energy policies are creating jobs in Nevada.
Today’s Supreme Court decision striking down a key part of the Voting Rights Act is a deeply disappointing example of extreme judicial activism. We need look no further than the recent election to see the unfortunate reality that bigotry still exists in our country. We should be doing everything possible to encourage participation in the democratic process and ensure every eligible voter is able to exercise his or her right to cast a ballot. Congress needs to right the wrong of this decision and ensure that we do not turn back the clock on America’s democratic progress. The Senate will act.
The Senate has passed a Farm Bill that provides certainty for the nation's 16 million farm-industry workers. The House has not. If Speaker Boehner took up the Senate’s bipartisan measure, it would easily pass the House with both Republican and Democratic votes. Rather than trying to force legislation designed to please only the right wing, Speaker Boehner should just take the easy way out.
NA
The senseless sequester cuts are putting all the great work that the National Institutes of Health does at risk. Innovations at NIH can save lives and save Americans billions of dollars each year on medical care. We should reduce the deficit by making smart investments, not by making short-sighted cuts:
Genaro, who came to the U.S. years ago from Mexico and married an American woman, is one of 11 million people in America without proper documentation. Last night, the Congressional Budget Office issued a report that made it clear: passing immigration reform will boost our economy, and let hard-working immigrants like Genaro stay in the U.S. with their loved ones — their U.S. Children, siblings and spouses. The time is now:
Americans who live in D.C. finally have a statue representing them here in the U.S. Capitol. It is of  Frederick Douglass -- an unflinching voice for freedom, an unyielding advocate for justice — who championed the cause of D.C. statehood.  Like him, I believe the District and its 600,000+ residents deserve statehood. Take a look at these photos from today's ceremony, and find my speech on its significance here: http://1.usa.gov/1bWh5Oo
Today, I met with the talented staff of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The work of this institution is among the finest in the world. I'm worried about the impact the sequester is having on NIH, possibly crippling their ability to develop life-saving medical advances.
Fairness must be the law of the land!
No one should face discrimination in their workplace based on sexual orientation. It’s time to make fairness the law of the land. That is why I am co-sponsoring ENDA, and I will do everything I can to ensure that it passes the Senate.
I want to be very clear: In order to be effective, the gun violence prevention bill that passes the Senate must include background checks, and not a watered down version of background checks. Don’t give up. The fight is right and that’s why we are going to win.
I met today with the siblings and parents of boys, girls and educators who were tragically killed in Newtown, CT six months ago. We can never take the names of the victims out of our minds. We must put a stop to gun violence. The Senate will pass background checks — it is just a matter of when.
Earlier today, I asked my Republican colleagues to begin voting on amendments to the immigration bill. They objected to doing so because they no longer want to adhere to the rules that THEY requested. I will continue to work towards a compromise. We have come too far - and the country needs this legislation too badly - to lose sight of our purpose now.
I believe our goal should be to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill that stays true to our principles and gets as many votes as possible. I'm confident we'll achieve that goal by the Fourth of July.
NA
I invite all Veterans, National Guard, Reservist and their dependents to participate in a Veteran Career Fair and Workshop on June 15, 2013 at the UNLV Student Union starting at 8:30 am. This event is being hosted by my Las Vegas office, the UNLV Office of Veteran Services, and UNLV Career Services. There will be a series of workshops that are designed to help you as you transition into a new career. Following these workshops, there will be a career fair with employers from across the valley who are interested in hiring Veterans. If you would like to pre-register for this event please contact my Las Vegas office at 702-388-5020. Please help spread the word.
I am proud of the advances our state has made toward ensuring equality and dignity for all Nevadans.
Model students like Anna -- an undocumented immigrant brought to the U.S. by her parents -- shouldn't live in constant fear of being deported.  Anna, 23, was brought here in the second grade. Today, she's a nursing student who worries about having to start over.  A permanent, common-sense solution to our dysfunctional immigration system in sight:
On August 13, I'll be co-hosting the Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas. Nevada is the ideal location to host this summit because our state is a leader in developing wind, solar and geothermal resources. I look forward to continuing to make progress on clean energy and hope you can join us. http://www.cleanenergysummit.org/
The immigration debate on the Senate floor starts tomorrow. My goal is finish the process by July 4. This bill has been thoroughly debated and discussed, and we should be able to complete the process quickly.
I’m going to do everything I can to reach agreement with Republicans to hold a vote this week on freezing current Stafford student loan rates. The clock is ticking, and if Congress fails to act, rates will double on July 1. We can't allow that to happen to middle-class families.
Today my heart is heavy. The senior Senator from New Jersey and my dear friend, Frank Lautenberg, died this morning. Few people have contributed as much to our nation and to the United States Senate as Frank Lautenberg. He was the last World War II veteran left serving in the Senate, and his death is a great loss for this institution. He was a champion for many important legislative successes in the areas of public health and safety, environmental protection, and transportation. My thoughts are with his family and his wife Bonnie during this difficult time.
The clock is ticking. In just over one month, interest rates on student loans are set to double. Next week, the Senate will vote on a common-sense proposal to prevent middle class families from being hit with a rate hike that could cost them thousands.  I hope my Senate Republican colleagues will put politics aside and join us in providing middle-class families with the security of knowing they won't be forced to pay thousands more for student loans on July first. This is exactly the kind of common-sense proposal we need to keep our economy growing.
I have spent more time on immigration than any other issue. Because to me, it's a very personal one. Yesterday, I spoke about immigration before a very large crowd in Reno. http://www.rgj.com/article/20130529/NEWS/130529040/Path-Citizenship-Public-Assembly-draws-crowd-Reno
The problem of gridlock is real and needs to be fixed. Presidents (Democratic or Republican) deserve to have the people working for them that they choose. Republican obstruction has slowed down nearly every nominee that President Obama has submitted. Republicans have corrupted the Founders’ intent. I want to make the Senate work again – that is my commitment.
The Senate needs to take action before July 1 to prevent student loan rates from doubling. Please share this graphic to support our efforts to freeze current rates.
Thank you for all your support. I am committed to passing ENDA!
Before he passed away, Senator Ted Kennedy predicted “we will soon succeed” in passing comprehensive immigration reform that lives up to our American ideals. My friend was right. I am sorry he is not here to see this bipartisan legislation working its way through the Senate, but he would be very satisfied with the efforts being made.
Where was GOP outrage when the IRS targeted NAACP and Greenpeace during the Bush administration? I believed we needed to take action to stop this inappropriate behavior from the IRS then, and I believe we need to stop it now -- whether the targeted groups are on the left or the right. Let's address IRS abuse by passing the DISCLOSE Act.
The Justice Department's subpoena of Associated Press phone records is inexcusable. The First Amendment is one of the great things we have as a country, and press should not have to fear encroachment by national security officials.
Nevada has come a long way in developing our nation’s clean energy best practices and I’m pleased to announce a $20,000,000 grant for UNLV, UNR, and Desert Research Institute to work together to improve solar installations on desert lands. I'm confident that their findings will allow our state to harness its clean energy potential.
My mother had a tremendous influence on me. She taught me the importance of hard work, commitment, and dedication to working on behalf of others. Today, on Mother’s Day, all sons and daughters take time to reflect on the care and love that their mothers showed them through the years. Mothers of all backgrounds work hard to support their children and families. They devote themselves to nurturing their children and they instill in them strong character and morals. We are all so grateful for their support today, and all days.
Today was a great day of progress for comprehensive immigration reform. The Senate Judiciary Committee, under Sen. Patrick Leahy’s great leadership, is proceeding with amendments on the Gang of 8 proposal. Much work remains, but I’m confident we will pass this important legislation.
I believe the Senate must take action to address the extremely troubling and persistent incidence of sexual assault in the military. We must hold the perpetrators of these horrible acts accountable and ensure justice for victims.
Today, I met with members of Nevada's Alliance for Retired Americans to discuss the importance of protecting Social Security and Medicare.
It's been 46 days since the Senate passed its budget. Under regular order, which the Republicans have repeatedly called for, we should be proceeding to a budget conference with the House of Representatives. But Republicans are obstructing us from doing so.
The Senate passed a budget months ago. I have repeatedly asked the House of Representatives to go to conference on it so that we can negotiate a unified budget. But Republicans refused again today. They are resorting to schoolyard bully tactics – they want to take the ball and go home unless we let them win. I will continue seeking a compromise with my Republican friends.
Always enjoy when my friend Davey Johnson, manager of the Washington Nationals, stops in for a chat. We had a good conversation this afternoon about Nevada baseball greats Bryce Harper and Greg Maddux.
Today's jobs report demonstrates our growth would be even stronger if our economy were not hampered by the meat-ax austerity Republicans have insisted upon for the past two years. To accelerate job gains for those Nevadans and Americans across our nation still looking for work, Republicans should work with Democrats to replace the sequester with a balanced approach that combines job-creating investments with targeted cuts and revenue measures that close loopholes and ensure that the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share.
I just told an enthusiastic and packed crowd at the March for Citizenship rally in Las Vegas that it’s time to pass comprehensive immigration reform. I pledge that I will do everything in my power as Majority Leader to get a bill across the finish line. Congress must work hard to ease the path for every immigrant family building a better life here in America.
Later today, I will join thousands of individuals at the March for Citizenship in Las Vegas to call for comprehensive immigration reform. Our immigration system is broken and we must work to fix it. This issue is personal to me, and I pledge that I will do everything in my power as Majority Leader to get a bill across the finish line.
Pleased to meet with members of Planned Parenthood this week to discuss the importance of funding women’s health and prevention programs.
Most of the headlines this week were focused on the hours the sequester has cost travelers in airports across the nation. The frustration and the economic effects of those delays should not be minimized. But the sequester could also cost this country – and humankind – a cure for AIDS or Parkinson’s disease or cancer.  These arbitrary cuts have decimated funding for medical researchers. Democrats will continue to fight to stop these draconian cuts and mitigate those consequences.
Nevadans are coming together today to support the charities that make Nevada special. I encourage everyone to take part in Nevada’s Big Give:
Today I proposed the Senate go to conference with the House to work through differences on the budget. Despite having called for such talks earlier, Republicans objected:
Please help by sharing this critical information:
I’ve spoken with the president. He and I agree that the best way to keep working towards passing a background check bill is to hit a pause and freeze the background check bill where it is. I voted against the original bill as a strategic move to retain the ability to bring the vote up again soon.
Many of you have inquired as to why I voted against the Manchin-Toomey background checks legislation, even though I fully support it. Good question. I voted no for procedural reasons so that I can retain the right to bring it up for a vote in the near future. For an explanation of this rather odd Senate rule, please read this article:
Forces of work against background checks became so obsessed they lost sight of the big picture - standing up for victims:
Today’s vote was a disappointment. But this is not over, and we are not giving up. As I told gun violence survivors today, I will do everything I can to fight for stronger background checks.
This morning, I laid out my detailed views on gun rights and gun safety in a speech on the Senate floor. Here’s the transcript and video: http://democrats.senate.gov/2013/04/17/reid-remarks-in-support-of-assault-weapons-ban-limits-on-high-capacity-magazines/
Congrats to Masters champion Adam Scott, the first UNLV golfer to win a major tournament championship!
The personal stories that I heard from people in Nevada this week as thousands of people rallied for immigration reform by the Capitol were real tear-jerkers. Take a minute to read more about their backgrounds and dreams, as reported by the Las Vegas Sun:
For me, immigration reform is personal. The stories I often hear are heartbreaking. Watch below to hear a few that help illustrate why we must fix our broken system:
outside the U.S. Capitol
I'm working to fight the Republican filibuster on guns legislation. On Thursday, the Senate will begin votes on strengthening background checks and other gun safety measures. We hope Republicans will join us.
I'm glad to see that there are some Senate Republicans who agree with us that we should have a vote on gun violence prevention.
Every idea to curb gun violence should be on the table and every issue should get a vote. I'm deeply troubled that a number of my Republican colleagues plan not only to oppose stricter gun violence laws, but to prevent the Senate from even voting on those measures (video):
Today we remember the 6 million Jews and countless others who were tragically murdered during the Holocaust - the millions of individuals torn from their homes, the families that were forever separated, and the countless children who were murdered or orphaned. The stories of struggle and persistence passed on are calls to action to continue the fight against genocide, hatred, and oppression.
I met with Nevada DREAMers today. We need to look at fixing the broken immigration system with our heads and our hearts. As one 12 year old Las Vegas resident put it, “...my parents and older sister aren't from here and I am only 12 and I have a younger brother who is a 1 year old. If our parents and older sister leave, then me and my brother would then have to go to a foster home and get seperated...''
Today's employment report again shows that our economy cannot afford more self-inflicted setbacks like the sequester. We need to focus on growth, not austerity. To spur greater job growth, Republicans should work with Democrats to make job-creating investments and replace the sequester with a balanced approach to deficit reduction that combines smart cuts with revenue measures such as closing tax loopholes for the very wealthy.  We all know this recovery has a long road ahead, and nobody knows it better than the workers who have lost their jobs in Nevada and across the nation. But only Congress can undo the serious effects of Republicans' harsh austerity. I hope my Republican colleagues will put partisanship aside and work with us for the good of the middle class.
I was so pleased to meet the Champ Mike Tyson yesterday in Nevada to talk about the importance of pardoning former boxing great Jack Johnson. Tyson and I also had a fun chat about our favorite boxing stories and the history of the sport
Today in Nevada, I was proud to announce that Boulder City Hospital will complete a major multi-million dollar renovation and expansion. The project will not only create much-needed jobs but also administer high-level care for rural Nevadans.
Each year, the story of Passover is retold in households across Nevada and the United States. As families and loved ones gather tonight I wish them peace and happiness for this evening and in the days ahead.
Today is the 3rd anniversary of the wonderful and life-saving Affordable Care Act. This week on the Senate floor, I told the story about 26-year-old Sarah Coffey, a native of Gardnerville, Nevada who was diagnosed with stage 4 Hodgkin’s disease. Thanks to Obamacare, Sarah was able to get the treatment she needed.
Tonight, I will start the process of bringing a bill to reduce gun violence to the Senate floor. It will include provisions on background checks. In order to be effective, any bill that passes the Senate must include background checks. I will also ensure that a ban on assault weapons, limits to high-capacity magazines, and mental health provisions receive votes during the debate.
Three years ago, President Barack Obama signed into law the greatest single step in generations toward ensuring access to quality, affordable healthcare for every American – the Affordable Care Act. As Thomas Jefferson once wrote, “The care of human life and happiness… is the first and only object of good government.” I am gratified that the Affordable Care Act is meeting that standard.
In NCAA men's basketball tournament history, the #5 seed is highest seed to never win it all. Until the Runnin' Rebels do it this year!! Check out my picks here...
My heart goes out to those who were injured and to the families of Marines who lost their lives in an explosion near the Hawthorne Army Depot in Nevada.
As the 3rd anniversary of Obamacare approaches, here’s some examples of how Nevada is benefiting from the law we passed:  - 615,000 Nevadans received critical preventive health services, like cancer screenings, in 2011 and 2012.  - 166,815 Nevadans with traditional Medicare used one or more free preventive service in 2012. - 46,590 Nevadans with private insurance coverage will receive an average rebate of $180 per family. - 1,373 previously uninsured residents of Nevada who have pre-existing conditions are now insured through a new Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan.  Happy Anniversary!
My Las Vegas office recently hosted the Federal Home Lending and Borrowing Forum, a gathering of local housing and real estate professionals. I thank CFPB Director Richard Cordray for attending and offering his expertise on consumer protection policy. Events like these will help us to secure long-term success for Nevada’s economy and housing market.
The Ryan Republican budget would cause 2 million job losses next year. We have to fight to make sure that doesn't happen. Watch this video to understand the impact of the Republican budget on jobs:
The Ryan Republican budget is anything but balanced. And it reflects the same backwards values Americans rejected in November. These drastic cuts will literally cost lives. They will also cost jobs. Congressman Ryan’s cuts will buy more tax breaks for the wealthiest among us. This budget isn’t a serious attempt to reduce the deficit.
The Ryan Republican budget will shower more tax breaks on millionaires and continue to tilt the playing field to the advantage of big corporate interests, while raising taxes for the middle class. And, like last year, the plan refuses to close a single tax loophole in order to reduce the deficit. It guts investments in education, health care, public safety, scientific research and job-creating clean energy technology. And it would end the Medicare guarantee and force seniors into a voucher program.
Jack Johnson was a legendary competitor who defined an era of American boxing and raised the bar for all American athletics. Johnson’s memory was unjustly tarnished by a racially-motivated criminal conviction, and it is now time to recast his legacy. Today I joined John McCain, Mo Cowan and Peter King as we introduced a resolution calling on the President to posthumously pardon boxing legend Jack Johnson.
Because of DOMA, gay and lesbian married couples are denied more than 1,100 federal rights and benefits to which all other legally married couples are entitled; that is neither fair, nor right. Today, I filed an amicus brief with the United States Supreme Court to make clear my belief that Section 3 of DOMA discriminates against gay and lesbian married couples and should be struck down as a violation of the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection under the law.  Repealing DOMA is the next step we need to take towards providing true equality to all Americans under the law.
Today the House finally passed the Senate version of the Violence Against Women Act which will help law enforcement officials prosecute violent crimes against women and provide legal assistance to victims of violence. This is good news for millions of women in Nevada and across the country.
Without the determination and sacrifice of Rosa Parks, much of the progress we have made to perfect our union would not have been possible.
I was honored to speak today at the historic unveiling ceremony of the Rosa Parks statue in the U.S. Capitol’s Statuary Hall. I spoke about this photograph from my office which is a potent reminder that – although our journey is not over – this country has come far in its short history toward righting injustice and living up to its founding principles.
I was pleased to meet with representatives from UNR’s College of Agriculture yesterday. UNR’s faculty and students are at the forefront of modern ranching, biotechnology, and conservation research. I look forward to my continued work with the college in the future to make sure they have proper resources to make meaningful progress in their fields of study.
The harsh arbitrary sequester budget cuts will significantly impair travel and tourism in Nevada by causing long security lines at Nevada airports and a potential reduction in air travel. Unfortunately, Republicans are standing in the way of a solution and would rather these cuts to happen than ask a single millionaire to pay a single dollar more in taxes.
Last night, I had the pleasure of addressing a joint session of the Nevada State Legislature. The last time I spoke to the Legislature, Nevada was still in the midst of a Great Recession.  Now, as we emerge from those difficult times, it is crucial that we renew our investments in the future – in education, public safety and clean energy. Read my full remarks:
Last night President Obama outlined an agenda that will restore the core value that makes this nation great: fairness. But our efforts to restore prosperity will mean little unless Congress acts to deal with sequestration budget cuts set to take effect next month.   Democrats believe we should replace this harsh austerity with a balanced approach that targets wasteful spending and asks the wealthiest among us to contribute a little more to reduce the deficit. Republicans would rather cut Medicare, education and medical research.    It is time to remember that fairness is not just a principle for which to strive, but a powerful engine of growth and prosperity for all Americans.
Today, the Senate stood up for women across the country by reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) with a strong bipartisan majority. Reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act will help law enforcement improve strategies to prosecute violent crimes against women and provide legal assistance to victims of violence and funding for shelters that allow women to escape their abusers. House Republicans should pass VAWA without delay. One hundred sixty million American women are waiting to see action on this proposal.
Tonight President Obama will chart a course to maintain the economic progress we’ve made and revive a still-struggling middle class. I hope my Republican colleagues will give his vision the consideration it deserves. The President will also propose a balanced alternative to the devastating, automatic spending cuts set to take effect. I was disappointed to learn that Republican leaders have no intention of bringing legislation to the floor of the House to replace the sequester with a more sensible approach. Senate Democrats will offer our own solution to the sequester later this week. If Republicans agree that these cuts would be damaging to our economy and to national security, they should work with us to pass an alternative.
I wish everyone in Nevada and across the nation celebrating the Chinese New Year a year of health, peace, and joy. This is the year of the snake, or Shé, which symbolizes steady progress and focus. These are themes which we can all strive towards. As is traditionally said on this holiday - May your happiness be without limit.
I joined my Senate Democratic colleagues for a Hispanic media roundtable hosted by the Senate Hispanic Task Force. We spoke about legislative priorities for the 113th Congress as well as the recent advancements of the negotiations for an integral immigration reform. Thanks to the Hispanic Task Force for leading such a thoughtful conversation on immigration reform.   Hoy me reuní con mis colegas Demócratas del Senado en una mesa redonda con medios hispanos organizada por el Equipo Demócrata de Iniciativas Hispanas del Senado.  Discutimos la agenda Legislativa del 113avo Congreso como también los recientes avances en las negociaciones para una reforma migratoria integral. Gracias al Equipo Demócrata de Iniciativas Hispanas del Senado por entablar una conversación muy reflexiva sobre la reforma migratoria.
Today I introduced The Retired Pay Restoration Act which will permit retired members of the Armed Forces who have a service-connected disability between 0-40% to receive both their military retired pay and full disability compensation. For the past 122 years, Congress has forced retired and career veterans to forfeit dollar-for-dollar their retirement pay if they also receive disability pay for an injury that occurred in the line of duty. This is simply wrong, and we owe it to our veterans to do better.
This past Saturday, my Las Vegas office hosted a housing workshop for struggling Nevada homeowners. Homeowners needing assistance were able to meet HUD-approved counselors to discuss foreclosure prevention and sustainable housing options. For those interested in these resources keep a lookout for similar events in the future and you can always contact my office with any questions or concerns.
More than a third of women in this country have been victims of violence, sexual assault or stalking by a partner. It is in our power to help them and it is unthinkable that Republicans in the House would prevent us from taking action. This week, the Senate will pass a strong, bipartisan reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) which will help law enforcement continue to develop effective strategies to prosecute cases involving violent crimes against women. I hope the Senate’s action will send a strong message to House Republican leaders that further delay is unacceptable.
I wish the best of luck to San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, one of UNR's great football players. All members of the Nevada Wolf Pack will be behind him this Sunday when he makes his Super Bowl debut.
America’s diversity has the ability to bring us together and make us stronger. During Black History Month we celebrate our diversity and the immense contributions of the African-American community in the United States. In each generation, black leaders work to galvanize the country to advance equality and fairness. Because of their courage, our nation’s narrative is defined by virtues like acceptance, openness, and love. I am inspired by those who help to break down barriers to create new possibilities for all.
Now is the time to fix our broken immigration system. Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle are currently working towards a common-sense, bipartisan solution to this issue. As a Senator from Nevada, I have seen firsthand how the hardships imposed by our broken immigration system have hurt families and strained our economy. I am personally committed to resolving this issue. With the President's leadership and members of both parties working together in the Senate, the momentum towards a solution is real. I'll work tirelessly to make this reform happen in the Senate.    El momento para arreglar nuestro roto sistema migratorio es ahora. Como Senador por Nevada, he visto de primera mano cómo las dificultades causadas por nuestro disfuncional sistema migratorio han lastimado familias y debilitado nuestra economía. Personalmente, estoy comprometido con resolver este problema. Con el liderazgo del Presidente, y con miembros de ambos partidos trabajando juntos en el Senado, el impulso hacia una resolución es real y trabajaré incansablemente para que esta reforma sea aprobada en el Senado.
Four years ago today, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act which ensures women have more opportunities to be equal participants in the workforce. But it still hasn’t closed that gap. It’s not fair that any woman working the same hours in the same job should make less money than her male coworker. The Paycheck Fairness Act would help close the wage disparity by empowering women to negotiate for equal pay and creating strong incentives for employers to obey the laws already in place.
I am pleased that a bipartisan group of eight Senators have announced an agreement on a framework for comprehensive immigration reform this afternoon. Successful immigration reform must include a path to citizenship for the estimated 11 million undocumented individuals in our country. As Senator from Nevada who witnessed firsthand the difficulties our broken immigration system presents for immigrants and their families it is important to me personally that we resolve this issue.  I will do everything in my power to get a bill across the finish line.
Nevada tourism is bouncing back stronger than ever. Approximately 39.7 million people reportedly visited Las Vegas in 2012, a new record.  This is encouraging for Nevada’s tourism industry and the 370,000 jobs it supports in Southern Nevada. I look forward to continuing my work with the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority and our resort industry to ensure Las Vegas remains the world’s must-see destination in America.
NA
Today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Boulder City Hospital will be granted nearly $14 million to complete a major renovation and expansion. Various elements of hospital will be strengthened, from its Emergency Department to surgery areas. I am pleased that Boulder City residents will have access to the highest quality health care services and facilities.
Today, Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar announced he will step down from his post. I could not have asked for a better partner than Ken for continuing to build a clean-energy economy in Nevada. He knows full well that our economic future depends on energy independence and middle class jobs that cannot be exported. His commitment and dedication in this very important job set a high bar. I wish him the best in the next chapter of his life and thank him for his friendship and his unwavering commitment to serving our nation.
Today we convene the 113th Congress and I welcome back all my colleagues. It was my pleasure to join my friend and colleague, U.S. Senator Dean Heller as he was sworn in today to serve the state of Nevada. In this next Congress, as we advance the debate over the best way to strengthen our economy and reduce our deficit, Democrats will continue to stand strong for the principle of balance. I'm hopeful and confident my Republican colleagues will do the same.
