Senator Jeff Merkley and I called on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to finalize the overdue rules for crowdfunding, so start-ups and small businesses can raise capital from small dollars investors through online platforms. Read our letter here → http://www.bennet.senate.gov/?p=release&id=3205 #JOBSActNow
Mark Udall is an extraordinary public servant, and I'm proud to have worked with him on a number of issues, from preserving Colorado’s pristine landscapes to fighting against climate change and promoting renewable energy resources. I’m grateful for his service to our state and our country, and hope we can all live up to the example he set.
Congrats to everyone involved with today's successful test launch of NASA’s Orion Spacecraft, including the teams at the Colorado-based Lockheed Martin Space Systems and United Launch Alliance who played a key role in today's historic step forward in human space exploration. More here: http://www.bennet.senate.gov/?p=blog&id=3198
This Saturday, 11/29, is Small Business Saturday, our chance to support the small businesses that form the backbone of our communities. Show your support by doing some of your holiday shopping at your local small businesses.   For more information on #SmallBizSat events in your community, click the links below:   Arvada: https://www.facebook.com/HistoricOldeTownArvada  Boulder: http://www.boulderdowntown.com/do/small-business-saturday2   Clear Creek County: http://clearcreekcounty.org/event-calendar-clear-creek-county/small-business-saturday/   Fort Collins: http://downtownfortcollins.com/events/small-business-saturday   Georgetown: http://www.georgetown-colorado.org/content/small-business-saturday  Golden: http://visitgolden.com/shopsmall   Grand Junction: http://members.gjchamber.org/sbaweb/events/events.asp   Greeley: http://www.greeleychamber.com/   La Junta: https://www.facebook.com/LaJuntaChamberofCommerce/posts/744842482218150?comment_id=744886305547101  Longmont: http://www.downtownlongmont.com/do/small-business-saturday  Loveland: http://www.lovelandchamber.org/   Manitou Springs: http://manitousprings.org/shop-small-business-saturday/   Southern Colorado: https://www.facebook.com/SouthernColoradoSmallBusinessSaturday2013   Steamboat Springs: http://www.steamboat-chamber.com/annual-events/mainstreet/sweet-treats-on-main-street-chocolate-tasting
Tonight's 60 Minutes report on failing bridges and roads underscores the need for a National Infrastructure Bank, which we proposed earlier this year with Senator Roy Blunt and Congressman John K. Delaney. Read more about our bipartisan "Partnership to Build America Act" here:
After Colorado experienced historic and devastating natural disasters in recent years, we asked the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) to examine climate change’s impact on the cost of federal flood and crop insurance. Today’s findings demonstrate that we must act quickly to address climate change in our country. Washington’s failure to act will leave our kids and grandkids with even tougher decisions – on both climate and our debt and deficit.
Pleased the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee passed our bipartisan Hermosa Creek Bill, which would protect more than 100,000 acres of the Hermosa Creek Watershed. The bill represents consensus among community leaders throughout Southwest Colorado to balance land use and preservation. Looking forward to working with Congressman Scott Tipton to ensure Congress quickly passes this bill before the end of the year.
On Veterans Day, we take time to honor the invaluable contributions our veterans have made to this country and reaffirm our commitment to these heroes and their families. From the Greatest Generation storming the shores of Normandy and Iwo Jima, to today’s generation of veterans serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom their courage and commitment to their county has never wavered.   We must continue our work to ensure the efficient delivery of the benefits they have earned by answering the call to service and ensure that they are welcomed home with respect and opportunity. As Coloradans, we share a special commitment to our service members and strive to make our state the best place in the country for veterans to live and work.   Happy Veterans Day to the best and bravest of our citizens in Colorado and across the nation.
"We'd be in a much better place if people could see past their partisan division and try to be constructive."
Today is #SpiritDay to take a stand against bullying and support #LGBT youth. Kids in Colorado and across the country deserve safe schools to learn without fear.
Today’s move by the U.S. Supreme Court is a major step for Colorado’s same-sex marriage advocates and a major step for equality. Colorado will join the growing list of states with full marriage equality. Marriage is a special right that same-sex couples deserve to enjoy, and they should have the same rights and opportunities that the law grants to Susan and me.
If you’re a veteran and you need a flu shot or another vaccine, this program run by the VA and Walgreens might help.  You can get more information about the VA’s immunization program by visiting http://www.ehealth.va.gov/Immunization.asp.
Pretty cool images of Mars coming back from MAVEN thanks to CU researchers.
NASA announced today that MAVEN has entered Mars orbit after traveling more than 440 million miles. The Colorado craft was built right here at Lockheed Martin's Littleton facility, United Launch Alliance developed the launch system, and the project was led by the University of Colorado's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics.  It's a great example of the state's innovative aerospace economy.
Last year, Colorado faced catastrophic levels of flooding and destruction. Then we came together to help our neighbors and work to rebuild better than before.  It’s amazing to look at these photos from Jamestown to see the progress there in one year.
In the aftermath of last year’s flooding we went to this neighborhood in Longmont to meet with families and offer a hand.  We’re really looking forward to returning there this weekend to see the progress.
“Today marks the 50th Anniversary of the Wilderness Act, landmark legislation that has protected more than a 100 million acres of pristine  American Wilderness for future generations to enjoy.  Early momentum for the Wilderness Act came from conservationists working to protect Colorado’s own Echo Park in Dinosaur National Monument.  Here’s a few pictures from last year’s family trip down the Green River to Echo Park.  Today’s anniversary serves as a reminder to cherish all of the Colorado’s Wilderness areas, and to keep working to pass bipartisan conservation bills like the Hermosa Creek Watershed Protection Act.”
“A big thank you to Admiral Dick Young and Bruce Erek  from the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve @ESGR for presenting us with the Patriot Award for supporting staff in the National Guard deployed overseas . Supporting Guardsmen and Reservists as they train and deploy overseas is the least we can do to say thank you for safeguarding our freedoms.
Joined folks in Fort Collins today to hold a mobile town hall on the new MAX Bus Rapid Transit. This is a great example of innovative Colorado infrastructure that is benefiting the local economy. It further demonstrates why Congress needs to find a long-term solution to fund infrastructure that will support future growth.
Kicking off my Planes,Trains, and Automobiles and More Tour and checking out the incredible work CDOT has done on the I-70 Twin Tunnels.  Although Colorado has developed innovative infrastructure throughout the state, we need Congress to find long-term solutions to invest in the infrastructure we need for a 21st century economy.
We can all agree the government needs to be smarter about how it spends taxpayer dollars. That's why Rob Portman (R-OH) and I wrote a bipartisan bill to help improve federal job training programs. It allows state and local governments to direct job-training dollars toward innovative new pay-for-success models that reward results and meet the needs of employers. We have a skills gap that's hurting workers and employers alike. It's holding our economy back. If we're going to remain competitive in the 21st century, we need job training services that are continually improving and preparing workers for the jobs that need to be filled.
Today’s ruling affirms that anyone, regardless of their sexual orientation, should be able to marry the person they love. Same-sex couples deserve the same rights and opportunities under the law that Susan and I enjoy. This is another step in the march toward full marriage equality.
Have a safe and happy Fourth of July Colorado! We hope your weekend is filled with fun, family, and friends.
NA
More than three years ago, we had the idea that the country didn’t need one more patent officer in Washington. Instead, we thought they should be in the most innovative communities in America. That was the spirit behind our amendment to the America Invents Act to create satellite patent offices throughout the country. It’s been a long road but today, we officially opened the patent office in Denver. And the location makes sense because Colorado is leading the charge for the country’s innovation economy. Our citizens have discovery and exploration woven into their DNA, and having the office in Colorado will bring innovators closer to the resources they need to succeed.
There is no other country in the world for which immigration is so central to its history and its identity. And yet even though we agree on both sides of the aisle that our current immigration system is broken, we are still waiting for the House of Representatives to pass a bill that will help fix the problems that are plaguing our economy and hurting families across the country.   On this day a year ago, the Senate came together and passed a bill with strong bipartisan support. It was crafted with the help of four Republicans who came to the negotiating table because it was the right thing to do for their country and the right thing for their party – in that order. The bill we passed was supported by countless organizations, from migrant workers to farmers and ranchers, from law enforcement agencies to the faith community, Latino leaders across this country, and the Chamber of Commerce to labor unions.   Coloradans want Congress to stop posturing and pass a bill – a good bipartisan bill. Fixing our broken immigration system is long overdue, and I believe that the bipartisan solution crafted in our Senate bill will fix it just fine. It is time for the House to act.
Senator Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and I have a plan to simplify the Fafsa form from a 10 page, 108 question form to a two question post card. Read about our plan which will save families 100 million hours in preparation time and $432 million in administrative costs.
11,608 people have signed our petition supporting a lifetime ban on members of Congress from lobbying. If you add Senator Jon Tester and me to that list, we're at 11,610. But as you might have guessed, we haven’t had a lot of luck getting people in Washington on board with our plan. We're going to keep working on it, but we need your help. If you haven’t already signed the petition, please do at http://www.bennet.senate.gov/lobbyingban
Looks like it’s going to be a beautiful weekend here in Colorado. The U.S. Forest Service is waiving fees on Saturday to celebrate National Get Outdoors Day. Anyone planning on getting out and exploring some of Colorado’s beautiful national forest lands tomorrow? (Photo credit Colorado.com)
The VA needs to do better, and soon. The bill we just passed gives the VA tools to begin to bring down wait-times and bring VA medical care up to the quality we should expect for our country’s veterans. This is only the first step in many, and we must commit to continued diligence as these changes are implemented and the agency makes the structural reforms necessary to improve its ability to be effective and responsive. That includes improving access to care in rural areas and improving the process for building new health care facilities, like the VA hospital under construction in Aurora that has been riddled with complications.
Try to wrap your head around this statistic: In 1974, 3 percent of retiring members of Congress became lobbyists. Now, almost 50 percent do. Let's face it, the outsized influence of lobbying is corroding our political system. It's time for aggressive reform. Senator Jon Tester and I have written a bill that bans members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. Sign this petition and add your support if you think it's time Washington cleaned up its act. 
For more than 200 years, our brave men and women in uniform have selflessly defended our country and values against our enemies. Today, all of us across America spend time remembering those who paid the ultimate sacrifice over the past decade and for generations before that so we can continue to enjoy the freedom and liberty on which this country was founded. We are forever in their debt, and they and the families and friends they left behind have our unending thanks.
Small businesses form the backbone of our state and national economy. So for this year’s #SmallBusinessWeek, we’ve put together a business resource guide on Prezi to answer common questions like “how do I start a business” and "how do I raise capital?” This guide should provide a starting point for our state’s entrepreneurs and small businesses and help them access the state and federal resources available to plan, start, and grow their business.
Some of the best parts of this job are like episodes of "How It's Made." Colorado companies invite us to tour their businesses and see firsthand how they're growing our state's economy. While Washington pundits and partisans play political games, Colorado is busy innovating and inventing the future. Watch this video and join our tour of innovative Colorado businesses. When you're done, tell us about your Colorado business or your favorite Colorado company.
There are many compelling reasons to raise the minimum wage. The American people overwhelmingly support it. But yesterday, a minority of senators voted to block our ability to even so much as consider this bill. These senators don’t even want to let us have a debate about this bill, much less pass it. Please read this Tumblr post and sign the petition to raise the minimum wage.
The Holocaust represents one of mankind’s darkest periods. As a nation and a people, we must always remember those who died and those who survived to transcend the atrocities which took place. Today is Holocaust Remembrance Day and it serves as a reminder of the importance of our commitment to the promotion of justice and equality in the United States and around the world. On this day, we reaffirm our commitment to condemn bigotry and intolerance, and promise never to forget.
Happy Earth Day and thanks to Environmental Learning for Kids (ELK) for letting me plant trees with them over the weekend. As Coloradans, we understand how important our public lands and a clean environment are to our quality of life. Our beautiful vistas, trails, and open spaces make Colorado a special place to live and add to our state’s economy. #EarthDay is a reminder to all of us that we must work together to preserve and protect our land, air, and water for generations to come.
Thanks to BJ and Vince for showing me how they make their amazing snowboards at Never Summer Industries. They've carved out quite a niche by making high-quality snowboards, by hand, right here in Colorado. That’s homegrown Colorado jobs. And like every company I've seen that created jobs during the recession, they've relied on innovation to get where they are. We should be encouraging innovative companies like Never Summer with policy that creates a business environment where innovation and creativity can thrive.
It’s been exactly a year since the Gang of 8 introduced our #immigration bill, so I thought it would be appropriate to share this photo. I’m not great at taking pictures with my phone but this is from a naturalization ceremony at Fort Carson in Colorado Springs. On that day, the 13 soldiers and spouses you see here became American citizens. They represented 12 different countries, and have been serving the United States with honor and distinction. Each one of them came here for the American dream. If you think it’s time to fix our broken immigration system once and for all, please add your name to this petition telling the house to take a vote on the Senate’s bipartisan immigration bill.
All this week, we’re touring innovative, early-stage businesses that are driving innovation and creating the jobs of the future. At Van Dyne in Loveland, they’ve invented a supercharger that takes all that wasted energy that goes out the tailpipe and pumps it back into the engine increasing fuel efficiency and power. In fact, they think they can make big rigs that are 50% more efficient than the trucks that are on the road now.
Every single day the House drags its feet on immigration, our borders remain less secure, our visa system keeps us less competitive, our economy suffers, and millions of families remain in the shadows. Please sign our petition calling on the House to allow and up or down vote on the immigration bill:
Heading to Senate floor soon to speak on the costs of our broken immigration system. The Senate passed an #immigration bill last year. Now it's time for the House to follow suit.
Thanks to the Colorado members of the U.S. Paralympic and Olympic team for visiting us today. Susan, the girls, and I enjoyed watching them all compete in Sochi. These athletes dedicated years to training for the special opportunity to represent our country on the world stage.
If you travel through any of the Colorado communities affected by last year’s floods, the resilience is obvious. But there is still a lot of work to be done to rebuild. The good news is the IRS is giving Colorado flood victims until October 15th to claim disaster loses. This extension will give families and businesses more time to make the right decisions about how to deal with the losses on their taxes.
TUNE IN now to the United States Patent and Trademark Office's recruitment webinar. They are hiring in Colorado. If you have questions about working as a Patent Examiner, ask your questions on twitter with the hashtag #USPTOJobs.
Are you interested in a career as a Patent Examiner? Today at 11:30AM MT, the United States Patent and Trademark Office is hosting an online, live-streamed recruitment event. Hear from actual Patent Examiners about their jobs and ask them questions on twitter using the hashtag #USPTOJobs. Tune in at http://new.livestream.com/uspto/denverrecruitment
Go #Buffs! What's your score prediction?
Today, President Obama posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor to Joseph Baldonado. Joseph was a Colorado native who died defending our country and his fellow service members in Korea. If you have a moment, this 9NEWS (KUSA) story about him is worth your time.
My Colorado and Washington offices are currently accepting applications for summer internships. Interns receive an in-depth view of the legislative process and gain direct experience serving Colorado constituents. The best ideas most often come from Colorado, and our interns can help bring some of that Colorado common sense to help solve our nation’s most difficult problems. The deadline for applicants is March 15th. (cc University of Colorado Boulder, Colorado State University, Colorado Mesa University, University of Northern Colorado)
LIVE STREAM: At 7pm, I'll be participating in a forum to discuss immigration, trade, and security in partnership with The Counterterrorism Education Learning Lab (CELL). Featured panelists include Consul General of Canada Marcy Grossman and Chairwoman of the Center for Equal Opportunity Linda Chavez. Former Colorado Governor Bill Ritter will moderate.
What's your message for our athletes in #Sochi? Write it in the comments below. As the home of the U.S. Olympic Committee as well as many Olympic and Paralympic athletes, Colorado knows a thing or two about the Olympic spirit. These athletes have dedicated years to training for this special opportunity to represent our country on the world stage. My family and I are anxious to cheer on Team USA as they compete for Olympic gold. We wish them all safe travels and the best of luck as they demonstrate their skills and competitive spirit in Sochi.
Before you tune in to watch the State of the Union tonight, take this short poll to let us know what you hope to hear in the speech.
A happy Farm Bill conferee. The bill includes an extension of PILT and much-needed certainty for our farmers, ranchers and sportsmen.  Now let’s get this thing passed!
#ThrowbackThursday
We're going to keep fighting for PILT so rural Colorado doesn't have to foot the bill to care for Federal land. As Mesa County Commissioner Steve Aquafresca said: "If any other property taxpayer in the country decided that 'Money was too tight, I'm in a deficit situation and I'm just going to quit paying my property taxes,' they'd find their property on the auction block. Yet the federal government exempts themselves from that."
Today our nation honors Martin Luther King Jr.,  one of the bravest leaders in our history, who stood up to injustice and bigotry in the name of freedom and equality. As we celebrate his life and legacy we should remember all of the courageous men and women who fought for civil liberties during that time and all of those continuing to fight for civil rights throughout the world.  Their conviction and strength paves the way for a brighter, more just future for the next generation.
NA
To clear up confusion, Peyton Manning explains his patented "Omaha" call.
Did you know that for every $1 spent on wildfire mitigation, we save $5 in future disaster losses? It's a startling statistic and it's why we will keep advocating for additional mitigation resources to help Colorado and other Western states curb the trend of larger and more costly wildfire tragedies. Read our op-ed in the Durango Herald to learn more about how fighting fires is necessary, but mitigation is smarter, safer, and cheaper.
Be sure to tune in at 11am to watch Governor John W. Hickenlooper deliver his fourth the State of the State address. Most local stations will broadcast it live and stream it online. We'd love to hear your thoughts leading up to the State of the State address and as it's happening, so feel free to use the comments to discuss the speech.
The Senate just voted to confirm Janet Yellen as the next chair of the Federal Reserve. Yellen will be the first female to lead the Bank in its 100-year history, a historic and noteworthy achievement. The Fed is in good hands under her experienced leadership.
Millions of Americans are now able to have affordable health care. With the new law, we can say goodbye to lifetime limits, denial of coverage based on pre-existing conditions, or higher premiums simply because of you are a woman. If you are having concerns about your enrollment or coverage, please call this toll free number: 1 (800) 318-2596.
Susan and I send all our love to Claire Davis, her family, and her fellow students at Arapahoe High School. What a bright young soul gone too soon. Keep them in your hearts.
Gotta love The Onion. Talk about "Land of Flickering Lights." Today's budget compromise is a promising step and Coloradans deserve leaders that will work together to get things done. We can still do better, and we're going to continue to work on a budget that is bipartisan, materially addresses our debt and deficit, shows we're all in this together.
Our hearts are with all the students and families of the Arapahoe High School community, as well as the brave first responders who helped secure student safety. No parent ever wants to look up at their TV screen in the middle of the day to see their children’s school being evacuated because of a shooting. It’s a gut-wrenching experience that no parent should have to endure. Unfortunately, it is also one that Coloradans are all too familiar with.
The bipartisan Hermosa Creek Watershed Protection Act is a "big deal," especially for southwestern, Colorado. This article, by Megan Graham of the Durango Herald, highlights the importance of passing this bill we're carrying with Representative Tipton, to protect more than 100,000 acres of watershed.  http://www.durangoherald.com/article/20131207/COLUMNISTS55/131209648
Interested in raising equity online? Tune in to our CrowdFunding Forum Live Stream on YouTube Live. A panel of experts will be taking questions and discussing this new way to start and grow small businesses. Tweet questions with the has tag #CrowdFundCO.
This is welcome news. Today HUD announced Colorado will receive a $62.8 million dollar grant to help with flood recovery. These resources will help a wide range of recovery efforts, from individual home owners and businesses repairing damaged property, to cities and towns reconstructing roads, bridges and public spaces. This funding is critical for a number of small Colorado towns overwhelmed by this disaster to help finance rebuilding costs. This is another big step forward as Colorado builds back better than before.
In a recent interview, I congratulated the Denver Broncos on their 12-2 record. They are 10-2. Forgive my optimism, I just wish I'd caught this ESPN interview earlier.
Today is Small Business Saturday so get out there, support Colorado's economy, and #shopsmall. What's your favorite small business?"
Heads up Veterans: The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has informed us that there is a marketing scam targeting Vets seeking benefits. Please share and read more here:
Tune in to NASA's live stream of the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN Launch scheduled for 11:28 MT today!    The University of Colorado's Laboratory of Atmospheric and Space Physics (LASP) has been a lead institution on the project, and CU-Boulder professor Bruce Jakosky leads the project on behalf of NASA. Of the eight instruments that will take measurements while orbiting Mars, two were designed and built at LASP.    The students and scientists at LASP are making extraordinary contributions to science and our understanding of the universe around us. The University of Colorado’s essential role in the conceptualization and execution of this groundbreaking launch is another example of the many Colorado institutions on the cutting edge of innovation – including several other that worked on this project. CU’s work on this issue is making the state proud.
Wayne Telford lost his daughter to suicide while she was on leave from the Air Force. Now, this veteran's new mission is to make sure others don't have to go through the kind of loss he's endured. If you know a veteran who needs help, please have him or her visit the Veterans Crisis Line at http://www.veteranscrisisline.net or call 1-800-273-8255 to speak with qualified, caring VA responders. This support is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year.
Today we come together to honor the bravery and dedication of the men and women of the armed forces who have served tirelessly in every corner of the globe to protect our safety at home. While the troops of today face different threats and different challenges than the troops of the past, they are all united in their commitment to our country and their desire to serve. As we celebrate these heroes on Veterans Day, we should reflect on the great debt we owe the members of our military, and their families, and how we can best honor their service and sacrifice. This includes ensuring that we welcome our service members home with respect, gratitude, and opportunity.
The Senate just voted 61-30 to start debate on the Employee Non-Discrimination Act. "LIKE" this post is you support ENDA. While this was just the first procedural hurdle, it's good to see bipartisan support for the idea that, in America, it's wrong to fire someone simply because of who they are. That’s unfair and unacceptable. This bill is in line with Colorado law and the majority of Americans who believe that everyone has a right to earn a living and feel safe and respected in the workplace.
In stark contrast to Washington, #Coloradansdontshutdown. To highlight that point, this week I’ll travel around the state performing a variety of everyday jobs, beginning this afternoon when I’ll bus tables at Adams Mountain Café in Manitou Springs.
NA
Spoke yesterday w/ @NPR Morning Edition about government shutdown. It’s pathetic and needs to end now. Coloradans deserve better than this.
With winter coming, we are in a race against time to rebuild our roads, bridges, and homes damaged by the floods. But ideology and bluster have moved us to the brink of a government shutdown, which as we recover from the floods, is the last thing Colorado needs now. I call on my fellow Senators and the House of Representatives to quickly pass a clean continuing resolution to keep the recovery efforts going uninterrupted.
If you have a moment this weekend please volunteer some time with http://boulderfloodrelief.org. They are doing incredible work.
FEMA has added Clear Creek, El Paso, and Jefferson Counties to the list of counties eligible for disaster assistance. If you live in Adams, Boulder, Clear Creek, El Paso, Jefferson, Larimer or Weld Counties, please register w/ FEMA for disaster assistance at www.disasterassistance.gov or call 1-800-621-FEMA. Please share this information.
Headed to the Senate floor to give an update on the historic and devastating flood in Colorado, as well as the ongoing recovery efforts. You can watch by tuning in to CSPAN2 or watching this live stream:
NA
If you've suffered damage from the flooding, please register with FEMA for disaster assistance at www.disasterassistance.gov or call 1-800-621-FEMA. Please share this far and wide.
Our thoughts are with everyone in Colorado dealing with these terrible floods, especially the families of the victims who have lost their lives.  We urge everyone to stay safe and heed warnings and emergency alerts from first responders and local authorities.  Our office is in touch with state and federal officials and has offered support and assistance to ensure emergency personnel and agencies have the resources they need to keep people safe and quickly respond to the destruction.
Taking a moment to remember those we lost in the September 11th attacks. This anniversary is a reminder of our nation’s resilience and how the bonds that unite us are much stronger than the issues that divide us.
There's a lot going on in the world right now that demands our attention. But one issue we can't overlook is the situation our farmers and ranchers find themselves in after another year of drought and no new Farm Bill. Like any business, our producers deserve predictability from Congress, not political games. I hope that by working together, the House and Senate can reconcile their differences and come up with a common-sense solution for Colorado farmers who contribute $40 billion to our economy every year. 
NA
NA
I'll be returning to Washington for intelligence briefings on Syria this week. If you're interested in my current thoughts on the situation, watch this interview I did with The Denver Post today and let me know where you stand in the comments below.
Auditing Mrs. Engler's Kindergarten class in Cheraw, CO and I'm reminded that you're never too old to go back to school, but you may be too big to sit in the chairs.
Fifty years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. stood in front of the Lincoln Memorial and challenged this nation to live up to the ideals set in its creed: opportunity, equality and freedom. Today, we remember Dr. King and the many trailblazers who fought to advance civil rights and change in this country and we celebrate the progress we’ve made over the last five decades. This anniversary also reminds us that there is still much more work left to do to ensure that everyone in this country – regardless of their race, gender, sexual orientation – is afforded equal rights.
Stop #1: Here in Englewood, Gevo Tech is using new technology to develop and work with biofuels and renewable chemicals to create more sustainable sources of energy. It’s great to see their use of technology in their commitment to sustainability.
Excited to be touring Tolmar, Inc. this afternoon. This pharmaceutical research company was named the Colorado Bioscience Association’s 2012 Company of the Year and now it’s expanding; bringing more jobs to our state economy. Tolmar is another good example of the innovative work that is happening here in Colorado.
Our first stop on my two-day business tour is at Wolf Robotics in Fort Collins. They have been creating robotic welding cells for clients such as Caterpillar and Harley Davidson since their beginning in 1978. Colorado is known for its technological industry, and Wolf is a great example of Colorado innovation.
Colorado has been recognized for its innovation and bolstering startup industry. Last week, four Colorado cities were listed in the top 10 metro areas with the highest tech startup density. According to a report by Engine and the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation, Boulder earned the top spot, Fort Collins- Loveland second, Denver sixth, and Colorado Springs ninth.
Great news. Forbes named 5 great Colorado towns in their list of the best places for businesses and careers. Denver (No. 6); Fort Collins, (No. 7); Boulder, (No. 26); Colorado Springs, (No. 44); and Greeley, (No. 51). The rankings are based on 12 factors such as cost of doing business, cost of living, wage growth, quality of life, and the education level of the labor force.
We're keeping our CrowdHall open one more week to ColoradoSource the best ideas out there for names for the new patent office. Submit your ideas here:
These numbers are unacceptable. We owe our troops and Veterans better. Our Veterans Suicide and Mental Health Report offers several ideas to help and we're going to work on implementing some of these recommendations.
Happy Colorado day everyone. Today, our great state celebrates its 137th birthday. Looking pretty good for that age wouldn't you say? (Photo credit: John Fielder)
Help us name the new U.S. Patent Office in Colorado. For two weeks, we're crowdsourcing, or COLORADOsourcing suggestions for a name. Tell us who your favorite Colorado innovator is and why we should name the new patent office after them. Or, if you have an idea for a name that isn't a person, we're all ears! You can also vote on your favorite ideas.
Every Wednesday or Thursday morning when the Senate is in session, I host Colorado Coffee for Coloradans who are visiting Washington, D.C. I would love for you to join me.  During Colorado Coffee, my staff and I meet with constituents to discuss issues important to you.  To sign up for Colorado Coffee, please visit      http://www.bennet.senate.gov/services/coffee/
Tourism is bringing in record revenue for our state. Protecting wild and historic places like Hermosa Creek, Thompson Divide, and Pike’s Trail will help bring in more visitors and economic development.
Honored to join the city of Aurora in paying tribute to those lost at today's memorial service.
Tomorrow will be one year since the tragic and senseless shooting in Aurora. Since then, we have continued to see an outpouring of support all across Colorado and, for that matter, all across the United States of America for those we lost, their loved ones, and for the city of Aurora. The grace and courage of the families and survivors affected by this terrible tragedy serve as a powerful reminder to all of us of the resilience of the human spirit.
NA
OP-ED: It’s time for the House to pass an immigration bill. They should take a hard look at the Senate version. There is no reason we can't work out a final bill to send to President Obama this summer to become law. With it, we'll pay homage to each of our families' histories, and our collective identity as a land of immigrants and a nation of laws.
Every 4th of July we celebrate the values and traditions that make America extraordinary.  Independence Day is a powerful reminder that we are all one nation with a shared belief in the strength of our democracy. As many of us celebrate our nation today with loved ones, we remember the brave men and women overseas who are fighting to protect the gifts of freedom, justice and equality that define our country.
Good to be home in Colorado after a long week. I just sat down with 7News and TheDenverChannel.com to talk about the immigration bill. Watch the interview where we discuss the beefed up border security provisions, how this bill will grow the economy, and a way forward with the House of Representatives.
NA
The immigration law has passed the Senate 68-32. Together, we've shown that the United States of America is a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws. On to the House now.
In a few moments, I'm heading to the floor to make my last floor speech before the Senate votes on the Group of 8's bill to fix our broken immigration system. Thank you to everyone who had a hand in moving this bill forward and to all of you have shared your stories. Watch the live C-SPAN stream NOW. Let's pass this bill.
The Supreme Court just made history. DOMA found unconstitutional!
The Supreme Court will decide on Proposition 8 and the so-called "Defense of Marriage Act" tomorrow morning. Let's show our support for LGBT people by changing our profile pictures. Here's hoping that love, equality, and respect for all families wins the day.
Diminished snowpack, a persistent drought and a now-perpetual wildfire season are just three of the ways Colorado’s economy and environment are being hurt by a changing climate. In a speech tomorrow, the President will lay out his plan to reduce industrial carbon pollution and lead the world toward a cleaner energy future. What do you think the President should say?
An oped in the Denver Post yesterday articulately made the case for fixing our broken immigration system and for the bill we've written in the Senate:“In the last few decades, America's immigration system has become a broken patchwork of over-regulation and incoherent policies. We all know it needs fixing, and no state can fix it alone…this bill might be that rare spectacle in Washington: a true, centrist comprise.”  http://www.denverpost.com/opinion/ci_23505336/finally-some-common-sense-out-washington-immigration
Happy Small Business Week everyone! Best of luck to Virginia McAllister of Colorado-based Iron Horse Architects as she competes for the Small Business Administration's National Small Business Person of the Year award!
The scores are in! According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget office, the Group of 8's Immigration Bill will cut the deficit by $197 billion over the first 10 years and $700 billion the following decade. The report underscores the velocity we add to our economy by fixing our immigration system. We have a golden opportunity to rise above politics as usual, to do something big and something real that will support our businesses and workers, unite families, add to our security and welcome people out of the shadows as contributing members to our society. Read the report below:
Had a great time marching with One Colorado at Pridefest today. Keep up the great work everyone.
Looking forward to walking with One Colorado today in Denver's Pride Parade. It has been a historic year for our LGBT community in Colorado, thanks in large part to the hard work of groups like One Colorado. Although there is still work to be done, we have much to be proud of.
Today marks the one-year anniversary of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), which has given relief from deportation to countless numbers of hard-working young people who came to this country as children and know no other home. The plight of these DREAMers is one of many reasons why we need to fix our broken immigration system.
Check out this Tumblr post with an updated map of the Colorado wildfires. You can find detailed information by clicking on different points on the map. There is also important information about dealing with wildfire smoke.
In the last few weeks I've had the opportunity to visite Galvanize, a business incubator in Denver, and hear from entrepreneurs about the important economic benefits of our conservation efforts.  Read more in the Daily Camera about Colorado’s great outdoors attracting new businesses and talent to the state.
As we begin the push to fix our broken immigration system, I'd like to hear your story so I can bring a Colorado perspective to Washington. We're collecting videos and written stories from around Colorado. Just go to my website at http://www.bennet.senate.gov/americanstories and submit a YouTube video telling your American immigration story. I believe the narratives of how we came here matter. They tell us who we are and who we’ve been. But they matter just as much for who we are going to be as a nation.
I had the opportunity to tour Galvanize, an entrepreneurial incubator that is currently housing almost 100 of Colorado’s cutting edge start-up companies. Read the story on Yourhub and learn how Colorado’s beautiful outdoors are helping attract these innovators to our state.  http://yourhub.denverpost.com/def-section/denver-s-trendy-galvanize-shows-senator-bennet-how-being/4WfukGSYbYYiJ5brcwUaAI-ugc
Colorado’s forests are integral to the state’s iconic landscape and our tourism economy. The Agriculture Conservation Experienced Services Program allows the U.S. Forest Service to hire more experienced workers under short-term contracts who can offer technical assistance for forest health and conservation operations. This bipartisan amendment to the Farm Bill will make for a smoother transition from one generation of forest health experts to the next and will allow us to prevent and protect our forests from fire.
Congrats to Colorado firms Geotech Environmental, Frederick Export, Lightning Eliminators & Consultants, Inc., and World Trade Center Denver for winning the President’s “E” Award for Export Achievement and Service! My office recognized these organizations at a ceremony this morning in Boulder, before our Beyond Colorado export workshop, which we co-hosted with the Boulder Chamber, the Boulder Small Business Development Center, HUB Boulder, and the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado Boulder
Tomorrow, my office is looking forward to recognizing four Colorado organizations for winning the President’s “E” Award for success in exporting their own products and services overseas, or for helping other companies export. Out of 57 companies honored with this award nationally, 4 were from Colorado. Congratulations to Frederick Export, Geotech Environmental, Lightning Eliminators & Consultants, Inc., and World Trade Center Denver!
Stop #2: We're in Centennial touring United Launch Alliance and learning more about the various launch vehicles that send weather, telecommunications, and military satellites into space. One thing we keep hearing is the need for STEM education to help create the next generation of big thinkers and innovators. Check out this awesome project by interns at Ball Aerospace and United Launch Alliance.
NA
Every day, our brave men and women in uniform selflessly serve to defend our country and values. Today, our family will take the time to remember the servicemembers that sacrificed their lives so we can continue to enjoy our freedoms. They will be remembered by their friends, family, and the entire country that they honorably served. In their stead, it is our duty as Americans to embrace the families and loved ones they left behind.
As we head into the holiday weekend, I'd like to bring up a controversial issue that I know weighs on many of your minds…grilling. Gas or charcoal? A poll follows. Have a safe and fun Colorado weekend everyone.
Glad to hear Ken is doing well. Best wishes to him and his family.
Our thoughts go out to our neighbors in Moore, Oklahoma, as well as the surrounding communities that have been affected by these devastating tornadoes. Help spread the word about this Red Cross website that allows people to search for family and friends or list yourself as safe.
We have the chance to pass a common-sense, bipartisan bill that will strengthen our economy and our families, better protect our borders and our communities and offer a tough but fair path to citizenship to those currently here without any legal status at all. "LIKE" and share this speech if you support fixing our immigration system.
Children’s Hospital is at the forefront of cutting edge work on new treatments for kids with Cystic Fibrosis like Caleb, who now lives an active, 7-year-old’s life. A law we passed last year is helping bring treatments similar to the one he is receiving to thousands more patients quickly and safely.
Tonight at midnight, civil unions begin in Colorado. After today, all loving couples will be able to make lifetime commitments to love and care for each other. We still have work to do, but this is a proud time for our state. Show your support for civil unions, by making this photo your profile picture.
In 1 hour, tune in to watch a live stream of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, Senator John McCain, Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox, Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez, Professor Dowell Myers, and me discussing efforts to fix our broken immigration system.
One of the major challenges (for both Colorado and the U.S.) to becoming a worldwide destination for innovation and a magnet for talent is our broken immigration system. We should be actively seeking and welcoming these entrepreneurs, but we don't. Instead, our system -- a hodge-podge of outdated, impractical and convoluted laws -- raises senseless and arbitrary barriers for the world's best and brightest, driving them, their capital, and the good-paying jobs they create to other countries, where they end up competing against us in the global economy.
In an editorial, The Denver Post calls our compromise bill "an excellent starting point for action on immigration that is long overdue." We couldn't agree more.
NA
Happy Earth Day everyone. What better way to celebrate our environment and our beautiful state than by getting out and exploring our national parks? From now until April 26th, national parks are waiving all entrance fees. So once the snow stops, I encourage everyone to get out there and celebrate "America's Best Idea," our national parks.
Tune in now for a live stream of the Group of 8's introduction of our bill to fix our broken immigration system. This bill secures our border and provides a path to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented people living here.
Two bedrock values that make America unique are that we are a nation of laws, and we are a nation of immigrants. Our bill embodies these American values by securing our border, creating a better process for future legal immigration, and providing a path to citizenship for families who came to this country for a better life but have had to live and work in the shadows for far too long. Please share this photo if you support fixing our broken immigration system.
There are many Coloradans running the Boston Marathon today. Our thoughts are with the victims and first responders dealing with this tragedy. Use this Red Cross website to search for loved ones and list yourself as safe.
Immigration affects nearly every aspect of Colorado's economy and plays a huge part in the lives of many Colorado families. While all of the stakeholders have different views about the best way to fix our broken immigration system, they all agree the system we have is hurting them and we need to work together to find a solution. Click "Like" if you agree and let me know your thoughts in the comments.
Ken Salazar has been an exemplary leader for Colorado and the entire country. As Interior Secretary, Ken leaves a long legacy characterized by thoughtful stewardship of our nation's lands and waters. He vastly expanded renewable energy opportunities on federal lands across the nation, pursued a prudent and cautious approach on oil shale development in Colorado, and he was a champion for conservation across the West. Ken did an outstanding job serving the President and our country. We can't wait to have him home here in Colorado.
Our current immigration system is a hodgepodge of outdated, impractical, and convoluted laws that hurt our businesses and families, and keep America at a competitive disadvantage. The good news is we are very close to introducing a bill to fix this broken system. When we do, I'm going to rely on input from Coloradans to make the bill better and move it forward. If you'd like to play a more active roll, join my grassroots online organizing team:
Colorado women are paid $.79 for every dollar paid to men. Congress should pass the Paycheck Fairness Act and help women fight wage discrimination. "Like" if you agree and share this photo with your friends to spread the word.
I was glad to join Congressman Doug Lamborn, Colorado Springs Councilor Scott Hente, Manitou Springs Mayor Marc Snyder, and the Incline Friends group earlier this week at the official ribbon-cutting for the Manitou Incline. It took an act of Congress – and a lot of local and federal collaboration - to finally make it legal, but now everyone can hike this grueling, but beautiful trail. Enjoy!
We've introduced a bill to protect the Thompson Divide from future oil and gas development. Read all about the Thompson Divide Withdrawal and Protection Act here and become a citizen co-sponsor of the bill on my website.
Taxes are due in 2 weeks. Visit my tax assistance page to find IRS forms and get helpful information about filing. http://www.bennet.senate.gov/taxassistance
I'd like you to meet Rod Wenzel, a Vietnam Veteran, and one of the many Coloradans our office has helped get the benefits they’ve earned. We have constituent advocates around the state who are ready to help you work through problems that involve federal agencies. If you need assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us. http://www.bennet.senate.gov/services/casework/veterans/
These efforts to fix our broken immigration system have been the most productive series of conversations that I have had in four years in the Senate. I believe we are on the cusp of an agreement and should have a bill soon. Click "Like" if you support fixing our broken immigration system and watch this interview I did with Senator Jeff Flake about our work.
5280 Magazine has an excellent, in-depth look at immigration in Colorado and our efforts to fix our broken system.
The Metro State Roadrunners are playing for a DII Men's basketball Final Four slot. Finish strong Metro State!  http://www.ncaa.com/championship/liveplayer/player?gameId=291177&date=2013/03/28
Small businesses support the bipartisan Group of Eight's framework to fix our broken immigration system.
Colorado gets 300 days of sunshine a year. Unfortunately for Costa Rica, yesterday was not one of them. Congratulations Team USA!
Wondering where your refund check is? Curious if you qualify for free filing? Get the answers to these questions and others and find the most commonly used IRS forms on my tax assistance web page.
Here's my March Madness bracket. How do your picks compare? We'll be rooting for you University of Colorado Boulder and Colorado State University!
National Agriculture Week should serve as a reminder to Congress that it’s past time to pass the full, five-year Farm Bill. Earlier this year, we reintroduced a Farm Bill from the last Congress that provides critical tools to deal uncertainty that farmers face. This year, I urge my colleagues in both chambers to move quickly for the sake of our farmers and ranchers. It’s time to get this done.
I met Sean Weller and Connie Hammond from Colorado Springs, who are in Washington for the U.S. Senate Youth Program. They’re learning more about the federal government and careers in public service and are working hard to pursue their dreams. I wish them the best of luck.
AmeriCorps members across the country, including right here in Colorado, help make our communities stronger, healthier, and safer through service projects. A couple of weeks ago, I chatted with AmeriCorps members at the Flying W Ranch in Colorado Springs, who were helping protect our watersheds in the wake of last summer’s devastating wildfires. This week is AmeriCorps week, so please join me in thanking them for their service across the country. Check out www.americorps.gov to learn more.
Good news for communities like Colorado Springs, Fort Collins and Greeley that are recovering from last year’s fires.  The Senate and House have both included emergency resources to protect drinking water and watersheds in funding bills this week.
Happy International Women’s Day! This important day is a time to celebrate how far we’ve come on the road to equal rights for women. However, it’s also important to remember that we have a long way to go – women still do not receive the same level of pay as their male counterparts and are not equally represented in the upper echelons of business and politics. We must continue this fight, so that our daughters and granddaughters grow up in a world where women have just as many opportunities as men.
We have Constituent Advocates around the state ready to help you work through problems that involve federal agencies. Here’s a recent story of how my staff was available and quickly responded to a Coloradan looking for assistance. Although we cannot guarantee a successful resolution to all issues, we are ready to work with you to navigate the federal bureaucracy and red tape.
The House’s decision to finally provide this assistance to Colorado and other states that suffered devastating natural disasters last year is a welcome sign. I’m grateful for the Colorado House of Representatives delegation’s commitment to continue to fight for this funding after the House eliminated it earlier this year.
The renewal of the Violence Against Women Act has been a long time coming - too long, considering it expired in 2011. I'm glad that we were finally able to pass this bill and provide much-needed resources and services for organizations serving victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. In addition to helping survivors heal, this bipartisan bill also includes measures that will help reduce our national backlog of rape kits and improve safety for women on college campuses.
This is an exciting day for Colorado. The first 3 patent judges start working here in Denver. It will make it easier for applicants and inventors in our region to get their ideas to the market. At the same time, we're building Colorado's brand as an innovation hub and a hotbed for cutting-edge industries.
The deadline for an internship in our DC office is March 15th and Colorado offices accept applications on a rolling basis. Visit the link below to apply. Interns play an important role in each of my offices, providing support to me and my staff as we work to serve Coloradans and fix a broken Washington. Our Colorado and Washington internship programs provide great opportunities to gain firsthand experience into the governmental and legislative processes, and to learn more about significant issues facing Coloradans and all Americans. An internship with my office provides a solid foundation for any young person entering the job market.
Last August, Mayor Michael B. Hancock and I toured the Denver Crime Lab with leaders from victim’s rights groups to discuss The SAFER Act and raise awareness about the national backlog of at least 400,000 rape kits sitting untested across the country. With the passage of VAWA, the SAFER Act is on it's way to the President's desk to become law.
After needless delays, the House passed the Senate version of the Violence Against Women Act today. While I'm relieved we've taken these steps to protect all victims of domestic violence, there was no reason it should have taken almost two years to reauthorize this bipartisan bill.
What could possibly be the rationale for dropping critical protections for GLBT, Native American, and undocumented victims of domestic violence? The House version of The Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) is a watered down version of the bipartisan Senate bill. The House even cut our Campus SaVE Act which would have increased safety on college campuses. The House should pass the Senate version of VAWA.
VAWA helps so many women, the House should end its delay and pass it ASAP.
Today’s announcement is encouraging news that gives us further momentum to fix our broken immigration system. We will continue to work on an agreement for lesser-skilled workers in the Senate that supports our economy, protects workers, and will help prevent future illegal immigration.
I really enjoyed this talk on immigration and manufacturing with Senator John McCain and The Atlantic. Watch to the end (20:49) to find out how my youngest daughter played a part in what John McCain jokes is "the worst story of my entire life." I've genuinely enjoyed working with Senator McCain on finding bipartisan solutions to fix our broken immigration system.
The Senate passed the Violence Against Women Act today. This bill provides victims of abuse with critical resources as they begin the difficult work of moving on with their lives. It also includes measures that will help reduce our national backlog of rape kits and improve safety for women on college campuses. Now, the House needs to pass this important bill quickly because we can’t keep survivors of sexual assault and domestic abuse waiting any longer.
Witnessing one of Fort Carson's finest, Staff Sergeant Clinton Lavor Romesha, receive the Medal of Honor was a remarkable experience. Staff Sergeant Romesha displayed the exceptional heroism, bravery and sense of duty that define a Medal of Honor Recipient. Confronted by extraordinary danger and stress, Sergeant Romesha risked his life to recover his fallen comrades. His courage never wavered. CNN has an excellent report about Romesha and I'd encourage you to watch it.
Have you attended a Beyond Colorado workshop yet? Last year, Colorado set records as manufactured, agricultural, and mineral exports grew 11.3 percent in 2012, growing from $7.3 billion to $8.1 billion. Growing your business abroad can be difficult, but we can help cut red tape and connect you with resources and people who can assist you. http://www.bennet.senate.gov/beyondcolorado
With some grit, determination, and grassroots support, we can get both parties to come together and fix our broken immigration system.
NA
I need your help to fix our broken immigration system. Will you join our grassroots organizing team and help us get this important reform through Congress and onto the President's desk? By joining our team, you'll be part of an ongoing discussion on immigration reform. You can send me feedback as we write the bill, be among the first to receive information and updates about progress, or just click one button to show your support.
This is our best chance in 20 years to fix our broken immigration system.
The Violence Against Women's Act would provide victims of sexual assault and domestic violence with much-needed resources as they grapple with the difficult work of transitioning from crisis to stability. Congress should reauthorize it. Saving the lives of victims should be above politics. LIKE and share this photo if you agree.
Thanks to everyone who joined me at the 5th Sun Cafe to discuss how we fix our broken immigration system. I appreciate the input and I'm looking forward to working with all Coloradans to develop this bill.
Colorado is a hotbed of patent activity.  The new Patent office in Denver will spur even more innovation in the state. http://www.bizjournals.com/denver/news/2013/02/01/report-denver-boulder-hotbeds-of.html
Are you a business owner looking to sell your goods and services overseas? The process can be complicated but we'd like to cut some red tape and connect you to the people and resources that can help. Sign up for one of our Beyond Colorado workshops today.
Just how broken is our immigration system? This broken:
Thanks to Jeremy Hobson for talking with me about the need for bipartisan immigration reform on Marketplace. Listen to the interview and then let me know your thoughts in the comments below.
I've been working with a bipartisan group of senators to reform our broken immigration system. Today, we announced our framework, which includes many of the tenets laid out in the Colorado Compact and begins the process to pass comprehensive immigration reform. There is still a difficult road ahead, but I look forward to continuing this bipartisan work. Read the details of our plan and add your support:
NA
Have a good weekend everyone. Try to get out and enjoy the beautiful state we live in. www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghSwrWqIOOo
I recently visited a water treatment plan that sits just yards from the charred mountainsides left behind by the High Park Fire. While I was there, they showed me a mason jar of water that had been turned jet black from ash and fire damage to the land. That's what communities can expect if we don't start recovery work right away in these watersheds. I'm baffled by the House's shortsightedness in stripping the funding Mark Udall and I fought for in this relief package.
The Milken Institute included 7 of Colorado’s cities in its annual list of best performing cities. Congratulations to Fort Collins-Loveland, Boulder, Denver-Aurora-Broomfield, Greeley, Colorado Springs, Pueblo, and Grand Junction on proving yet again what a great state we live in! Check out the list to see where they all rank.
It is extremely disappointing to see the House of Representatives move forward with a bill that does not include critical resources Colorado needs to recover and protect its water supply – resources that were included in the Senate bill that received bipartisan support. It’s frustrating when you hear people talk about how they’re fiscally responsible while they are creating a set of conditions that are inevitably going to cost more money and much more pain. If we don’t deal with these problems now, we could be facing as much as five times the cost to deal with future flooding and damage.
NA
My office is hosting a series of workshops across the state for businesses looking to ship their goods and services abroad. Although there are federal resources available to support businesses looking to expand internationally, navigating the process can be daunting. These sessions will help explain that process in greater detail and provide expert advice on international exports and patent protection. For more information or to RSVP, visit: http://www.bennet.senate.gov/beyondcolorado
Today is United in Orange Friday! Show your support for Peyton Manning and the Broncos before tomorrow's game against the Ravens by making this your cover photo.
For four years in my townhall meetings across the state, Coloradans have told me they want a plan that materially reduces the deficit. The fiscal cliff proposal did not meet that standard and does not put in place a real process to reduce the debt down the road.  While I do support many of the items in this proposal – for example, extending unemployment insurance, the wind production tax credit and tax cuts for most Americans – I believe they should have come in the context of a comprehensive deficit reduction package. Without a serious mechanism to reduce the debt, I could not support this bill.  Putting the country on a sustainable fiscal path and bringing our debt under control is incredibly important to our economy and our standing in the world and is a top priority for me. I remain committed to continue working with any Republican or Democrat willing to address this problem in a serious way. Colorado’s kids deserve no less.
