Wishing everyone a safe, healthy, and merry Christmas! I hope Santa was good to you this year! #tbt
NA
Great to meet Kate and her parents, Megan and Ken. So glad that they are among those who will directly benefit from the #ABLEact!
In Allentown, discussing the next steps for #ABLEact implementation and how it will impact PA families.
Eight years ago, a group of parents came to Congress, asking for help with a pressing issue—adequately saving for their children’s future.  These parents, including a gentleman named Steve Beck, knew firsthand the challenges many families face when a loved one has a disability.  Faced with a lifetime of extraordinary expenses, parents are told not to save or put assets in their child’s name.  Thanks to Steve and countless other concerned parents, we stand ready to forever change this dynamic.
NA
NA
I could not be more proud of the support the ABLE Act has received from members of both parties in the House and Senate, and from all of the families who worked with us to achieve this historic goal. From the beginning, the power of these families who want to save for their loved ones’ long term care has propelled the ABLE Act forward. We believe that individuals across this country with disabilities have a lot of ability. I look forward to President Obama quickly signing this bill into law so that countless families and individuals can have the tools they need to live a full life and have a bright future.
Hanukkah is a time when families in Pennsylvania and across America come together to celebrate freedom, faith and miracles. As the holiday begins this evening, I want to wish everyone celebrating Hanukkah this year a joyful holiday filled with light, health and happiness.
NA
Every parent wants their child to have a shot at the American Dream. For the parents of a child affected by a severe disability such as Down Syndrome or autism, that hope for a secure future is no less powerful.
Honored to join @corybooker at his #hourofcode event. Glad to have his support on the Computer Science Education and Jobs Act!
Putting more emphasis on computer science in the classrooms will help students compete for the next generation of jobs. I’m hopeful that in the coming year Congress will move forward on this bipartisan legislation so that learning how to code isn’t a once a year event but a consistent part of what students do throughout the year.
Kicking off an ‘hour of code’ at Easton Area High School. I'm also pushing for passage of my bipartisan Computer Science Jobs and Education Act.
Women make up nearly half of the workforce, and in Pennsylvania, approximately 96,000 women in the workforce give birth each year. Too many women still face discrimination in the workplace during pregnancy as some employers continue to refuse to provide reasonable accommodations. No woman should be forced out of a job because she is pregnant. Every employer should work to provide accommodations that will allow women to keep working safely through their pregnancies.
How #SCOTUS rules in Young v. UPS will impact working women nationwide. #StandWithPeggy and all pregnant workers.
I am concerned that our strategy lacks two important elements: a recognition that the Assad regime in Syria also must go and a strategy to address the underlying issues that created the space for the Islamic State to emerge and metastasize.
I continue to be thankful for my family and good health. I wish the same for all of my constituents and I hope everyone has a happy Thanksgiving. It's also important to remember that too many Americans struggle with food insecurity - http://thetimes-tribune.com/opinion/distribute-abundance-bill-targets-food-insecurity-1.1794326
"People get it. It's an affirmation of people's ability to live as full a life as possible." #PasstheABLEAct
#Thanksgiving cooking questions? The U.S. Department of Agriculture Food Safety Hotline is open from 8am-2pm ET tomorrow. You can call them at 1-888-674-6854 or chat live with a food safety specialist at AskKaren.gov! #TurkeyDayTips
NA
It is shameful that black lung benefits claimants have to wait years for their cases to be decided.  Our nation’s hard-working miners deserve much better. This legislation has the opportunity to add transparency to the black lung claims process, improve it in a significant way and bring justice to miners and their families.
I’m pleased that the Senate came together in a bipartisan fashion to pass this critical legislation. Increased investment in early education will help children learn more now and earn more later. Putting in place these policies will serve as a foundation for future economic growth. Helping a child learn at a young age puts them on a pathway to success in a way that few other efforts can match.
My thoughts and prayers are with Peter Kassig’s family and friends during this difficult time. ISIS’s murder of Peter Kassig, an American and former Army Ranger, was an act of brutality. By all accounts, Peter worked tirelessly to help others through his humanitarian work. Before he was captured, he worked in Syria and neighboring countries helping refugees and those caught in the middle of the Syrian conflict.    Peter’s service is a reminder of the bravery of humanitarian aid workers who risk their lives to help those in conflict zones around the world.
Reading to kids at Hillebrandt Learning Center as part of my push for child care funding. With an end of the year deadline approaching, I'm pushing to reauthorize the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) program that helps thousands of Northeastern Pennsylvania families pay for childcare each month. The program currently helps 55,000 Pennsylvania families each month pay for childcare for 93,000 children. If the bill fails to pass by the end of the year important reforms contained in the bill that helps families pay for childcare will have to start over in a new Congress.
Speaking to kids at LeTort Elementary as part of Armed Forces Foundation #OperationCaringClassroom
In Harrisburg pushing for passage of a bill that helps thousands of PA families pay for child care.
On Veterans Day, we come together to honor the brave men and women who have served our nation valiantly. As we mark Veterans Day, it is not only a time to thank our veterans for their service, but to also acknowledge the debt we owe them for protecting us and preserving our freedom. We must also recognize the sacrifices of the families of veterans – the mothers and fathers and especially the spouses and children.  While today highlights the heroic service of our Veterans, we must honor their sacrifices every day of the year. Serving our veterans requires actions not just words. As Americans we must ensure that all veterans have what they need when they return home, especially healthcare, education and employment opportunities.  I look forward to continuing to work in a bipartisan way to ensure our veterans and their families receive a level of care and service worthy of their sacrifice.
The backlog has been a persistent and inexcusable problem. We must take actions that are worthy of the valor and sacrifice of our veterans. Our nation’s heroes shouldn't have to wait for months or more for their claims to be addressed. It is unacceptable that some veterans in Pennsylvania have waited a year or longer to get their disability claims processed.  Veterans deserve a comprehensive and permanent solution to this problem, and this legislation will ensure we reach that goal.
Congratulations to Garen from Phoenixville on winning our 2014 fall photo contest for this stunning view of Valley Forge National Historical Park!
A long overdue honor for one of the heroes of Gettysburg.
Following the successful capture of Eric Frein, I'm glad to be joined by local Poconos’ business leaders and SBDC officials to promote the region’s businesses and destinations as once again ‘open for business.’
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! The one with the most likes on November 7 will be used as our cover photo until the end of the year. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
I’m grateful for the tireless work our state and national law enforcement officers undertook to capture the suspect, Eric Frein. These brave law enforcement officers have worked day and night for weeks to ensure Eric Frein is captured. We owe these officers our deepest gratitude. Their determination to capture Eric Frein over these last weeks has been a stirring reminder of the sacrifices that our law enforcement officers make on a daily basis. Tonight my thoughts are with the family of Cpl. Dickson and Trooper Alex Douglass and his family.
The right to vote has been called the most precious of our rights, the ‘primary right by which all other rights are protected,’ however, over the past few years, legislation and court decisions at both state and federal levels have been slowly chipping away at this right. I am calling on Congress to act quickly to reaffirm the Voting Rights Act and put in place the necessary protections to guarantee all citizens the right to vote, regardless of race, national origin or language. When Congress reconvenes I will be looking at ways Congress can underscore and protect American’s most fundamental right, the right to vote.
NA
As central PA battles a heroin epidemic, I'm pushing for continued funding for the Counterdrug Center in Fort Indiantown Gap.
Congratulations to Malala Yousafzai on receiving a well-deserved Liberty Medal last night at the National Constitution Center in Philly.
At the Pocono Medical Center to continue the discussion on emergency preparedness.
NA
During this time it’s important that we ensure that hospitals have the resources they need to treat patients and protect those that give lifesaving care to patients. Making adequate investments in public health has long been a bipartisan issue. In 2013 I successfully worked with Senator Burr of North Carolina to pass the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act. As members of Congress consider the upcoming budget I will be working with both Democrats and Republicans to sure our investments in public health and hospital preparedness.
Glad to be joined by @VP Biden at the Port of Philadelphia to continue the push for the Delaware Deepening Project.
NA
Great to speak with Rog and Davo on Men In Blazers about the need for greater transparency from #FIFA. Also honored to be considered a #GFOP
I know of no other place more beautiful than Pennsylvania, especially so in autumn. To celebrate, I'm hosting a fall foliage photo contest on Facebook. Submit your favorite photo with your first name, hometown, and photo location to photos@casey.senate.gov. We'll select a few of our favorites and post them to Facebook and the photo that receives the most 'likes' will be used as my Facebook cover photo for the rest of the year. Please submit your photos by October 31st to be considered!  Note: photos will be cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions of 851 px by 315 px
The news that a nurse who treated the Ebola patient in Texas has now become infected with the virus herself highlights the need for ongoing training and education for health care workers and drills and exercises for hospitals. Without an ongoing commitment to preparing for these events, and the funding to support training activities, we cannot adequately ensure that our health system is ready for Ebola or any other emergency.
I applaud the Nobel Committee for choosing to honor champions for children’s rights this year in their selection of Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai for the prestigious Nobel Peace Prize.  Kailash and Malala’s work to ensure that boys and girls around the world have access to education and are able to enjoy their childhood without fear of exploitation or oppression helps build a better future for our children at home and abroad.  Malala’s courage to stand up for girls’ right to education in Pakistan in the face of terrible violence should be an inspiration to all of us.  I extend my congratulations to both winners. 
No longer should our nation's aging and sick coal miners be denied their medical records or decent legal representation. The black lungs claims process is fundamentally broken and my proposal will seek to get it on a better footing.
In Bethlehem, continuing the push for the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. Legislation that would bolster protections for pregnant workers by allowing them to seek reasonable accommodations so they can continue working during pregnancy.
NA
Just spoke with @msnbc’s @jdbalart about controlling the #ebola outbreak. Visit http://cdc.gov to learn more.
Enjoyed my conversation with Mitchell Culler and The Daily Collegian about issues affecting Penn State students. Thanks for having me!
Mr. Garcia has called for this report to be made public as have numerous FIFA representatives. Full transparency is required given the investigative reporting and widespread allegations of improper payments.
Severe and unpredictable weather has become the norm for far too many communities in Pennsylvania. Making these improvements will help prepare Philadelphia and Southeastern Pennsylvania from future storms. Safe and reliable transportation is critical to Southeastern Pennsylvania’s future. These upgrades will work to ensure that our public transit systems can better sustain extreme storms.
Announcing new projects with @SEPTA to protect regional transportation sites from flooding and severe weather.
Joined by Mayor Bracey and York advocates, I pushed for passage of legislation that would address discrimination against pregnant workers.
I want to commend Attorney General Eric Holder for his important work and many accomplishments. Attorney General Holder has worked to advance democracy and the fair administration of justice by enforcing federal voting and civil rights laws, supporting equality for LGBT Americans, and promoting common sense steps to address the over-incarceration of nonviolent offenders and disparities in our criminal justice system. We owe him a debt of gratitude for his public service. I look forward to working with the Administration and my Senate colleagues to confirm a replacement that will continue these important efforts. I also want to thank Attorney General Holder for his years as a distinguished federal prosecutor enforcing our laws and protecting our nation.
Rosh Hashanah marks the start of the Jewish High Holidays and New Year.  It is an opportunity to gather with family and friends, reflect on the events of the past year, and recommit to living by the core values of the Jewish faith. It is also a time for hope that the new year will bring renewed peace to our lives and our loved ones.   I am proud to represent Pennsylvania’s vibrant Jewish community, and I wish a happy New Year to all who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah.  May we all strive to live out the values honored on this important occasion.  L’Shanah Tovah!
It’s on us to be more than a bystander. It’s on us to step up and say something. I’m Senator Bob Casey and it’s on us, all of us, to stop sexual assault. I took the pledge and you can to at itsonus.org #ItsOnUs
Congrats to Fox Chapel Area High School student, Mihir Garimella for winning his age group in the 2014 Google Science Fair! #GSF2014
It’s on us to stop sexual assault. Take the pledge to be part of the solution at http://itsonus.org #ItsOnUs
At CHOP detailing what the recently passed Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) legislation means for Philly children.
NA
Honored to meet Altoona’s Bill Anderson, finalist for Field & Stream's Heroes of Conservation award. Learn more about Bill's work to improve and protect the Little Juniata River at http://www.fieldandstream.com/blogs/the-conservationist/heroes-of-conservation-finalist-protecting-a-pennsylvania-trout-fishery
Joining @msnbc's @dailyrundown live to discuss #ISIL
This weekend’s ambush killing of Corporal Bryon Dickson took the life of a loving husband and father, an honored Marine and a brave State Trooper. There are no words to describe the pain that this shameful act has caused to the Dickson family and to fellow State Trooper Alex T. Douglass. My office has been in touch with federal, state and local officials involved in the search for a suspect and will continue to monitor the situation closely. I have confidence in the work our law enforcement is doing to apprehend the assailant. The killer must be prosecuted and punished to the full extent of the law.
September is Food Safety Month! About 1 in 6 Americans could suffer from foodborne illness this year (CDC). U.S. Department of Agriculture and FoodSafety.gov are hosting a food safety webinar on Wednesday, September 17th.  Webinar will begin at noon EDT. Participants will hear from food safety experts explain common mistakes made in the kitchen and how you can keep your family foodborne illness free. You can register at http://go.usa.gov/mFMx
Great story on the revitalization of Allentown.
As they dedicate the Erie County September 11th memorial today, I want to commend former Erie City Councilman Mark Aleksandrowicz, his committee, and all the volunteers who brought the memorial to completion. Over seventy elected officials, labor unions, and individuals donated their time, energy, and resources on the project.  I congratulate them on a job well done. It is important that we take time to remember and honor those who lost their lives to a brutal act of terrorism thirteen years ago. They will always be in our thoughts and prayers.
Today, we pay tribute to and draw inspiration from the heroes who were lost on September 11, 2001.  On that bright sunny day, in New York, at the Pentagon and in the skies above Pennsylvania - heroic Americans confronted the darkness with bravery and fortitude. Countless patriots acted selflessly on behalf of our nation.  Let us today recommit ourselves to honoring their sacrifice.  May God bless them, God bless their families and God bless America.
Last night, the President outlined a comprehensive strategy for the U.S. and a broad coalition to take action against ISIL, a vicious terrorist group that has brutally murdered Americans and threatens our national security interests. I believe it is prudent for the U.S. to take action now to eradicate ISIL.
The brave passengers on Flight 93 deserve to be recognized for their heroism and sacrifice. These medals will serve to help us remember the sacrifice of those we lost, honor their valor and commemorate their lives.
Today I was privileged to honor the fallen heroes of 9/11 at a Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony.
Congratulations to Allentown on today’s ribbon cutting of a great new venue in the Lehigh Valley.
Good discussion on ways to reduce the VA disability claims backlog at #vets roundtable I co-hosted with @SenDeanHeller
I am pleased that the Senate voted today to proceed to debate the Democracy for All amendment.  The Citizens United ruling significantly increased the power of corporate special interests by giving them the ability to spend unlimited amounts of money to influence elections.  The ruling has allowed a handful of wealthy individuals and corporations to skew the national debate at the expense of hard working Pennsylvanians.  Amendments to the Constitution should never be taken lightly but it is time to address the role of money in politics.  This bill will help to level the playing field and put power back in the hands of the American people.
Today, the New York Times Editorial Board highlighted my efforts to assist miners in navigating the bureaucracy preventing them from accessing black lung benefits.
Joined by a local emergency room doctor and nurse, and an advocate for nurses in schools and author of a key study on nursing shortages in Philadelphia schools, I pushed for passage of a plan that could lead to more nurses schools in Philadelphia and across the country.
As Pennsylvanians enjoy this #LaborDay let us not forget the contributions made by working men and women to the country’s prosperity and to improving the rights and benefits workers.  While much progress had been made since Labor Day became a national holiday in 1894, much work remains to protect the rights of workers, boost their economic security and put more Americans back to work.
NA
NA
In Easton, continuing my push for a National Caregiver Corps- a plan to aid aging residents and their families who provide care.
Congratulations to our winner, Anna from Lewisburg!
Hold your heads high Taney Youth Baseball Association, all of Pennsylvania is proud of you! #LLWS #LLWS2014
Many members of the ‘sandwich generation’ are working more and making less, while at the same time dealing with challenges of caring for aging parents, raising children and squeezing every penny to ensure retirement. That is why I plan to introduce legislation to establish a Caregiver Corps program to foster the creation of community-based programs that can help ‘fill the gap’ in assisting older adults and individuals with disabilities, and in providing added support for informal caregivers. The Caregiver Corps will give middle class families another avenue for help or assistance as they struggle to support their own children and care for an aging parent.
In Johnstown speaking with residents about my plan for a national Caregiver Corps.
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! Here are a few of our favorites. The one with the most likes on August  22 will be used as our cover photo. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
Great pitching, excellent defense, and solid run support; Taney Youth Baseball Association wins their opening round 4-0 to advance in the Little League World Series! #LLWS
Good luck to Philadelphia's Taney Youth Baseball Association as their first game in the Little League World Series gets underway today at 3:00 PM in Williamsport!  #LLWS
Today I pushed for passage of a plan that would allow those with current student loans in good standing to refinance at the new lower rate of 3.68%.
We have already received some amazing photos for our Summer Facebook Cover Photo contest. Check out this beautiful shot of sunflowers at Penn's Cave from Anna in Lewisburg!   Please submit your favorite PA summer photo to photos@casey.senate.gov by this Friday to be considered. Also note, that we will crop all photos to the facebook cover photo dimensions of 851 px by 315 px. Wide, landscape shots best fit these dimensions.
Wishing good luck to all those competing as the National Veterans Wheelchair Games get underway in Philly! #NVWG
In Altoona to hear testimony on the challenges facing the Sandwich Generation; caring for older parents, raising children, and preparing for retirement.
Submit a photo with your first name, hometown, and photo location to photos@casey.senate.gov. You’ll get the chance to vote on your favorites and we’ll use the one with the most likes as our facebook cover photo.  Please note, photos will be cropped to fit the facebook cover photo dimensions of 851 px by 315 px. Wide, landscape shots best fit these dimensions.  Please submit your photos by August 15th.
Congratulations to Mo'ne Davis and Philadelphia's Taney Dragons as Pennsylvania advances to the #LLWS! 
Even more reason to pass my Pregnant Workers Fairness Act: #PWFA 
Visiting the Veterans Multi-Service Center in Philly to press the new U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary for strengthened whistleblower protections and management reforms.
Train derailments threaten the health and economic wellbeing of communities across Pennsylvania. New safety requirements by the Department Transportation are a step in the right direction but more must be done to protect vulnerable communities and our first responders. This is commonsense legislation that will aid first responders and communities. Congress should move on it soon.
On this day in 1964, NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s Ranger 7 transmitted the first close up look of the Moon’s surface, paving the way for the Apollo Program #TBT
Today I met with Robert McDonald, nominee to be Secretary to the Department of Veterans Affairs, and pressed him for answers on the challenges that veterans are facing across Pennsylvania.   http://www.casey.senate.gov/newsroom/releases/casey-meets-with-new-va-nominee-and-presses-for-answers-on-veterans-issues-in-pa-
Had the pleasure of meeting Jared Brown this morning, a remarkable young man who refuses to let cerebral palsy stand in the way of accomplishing his dreams.
PennLive.com highlights some amazing outdoor attractions in Pennsylvania.
In case you missed it, I joined John Barrasso on Fox News Sunday to discuss events in the Middle East.
Congratulations to the @WSJ on their 125 years! #WSJ125
Residents can find more information about the Summer Meals program by calling 1-866-3-HUNGRY or 1-877-8-HAMBRE or visiting pasummermeals.com
Wishing everyone a safe, happy, and festive Independence Day! #July4th photo via @uscapitol
As we approach July 4th it’s important to remember that there are far too many children in Pennsylvania and across the country who are hungry. #SummerMeals is a program that can help children get the food they need during the summer months when school is out. Hunger doesn’t take a summer vacation. We need to raise awareness about it so that every child eligible for summer meals can get them.
Good luck to U.S. Soccer as they take on Belgium in the round of 16! #IBelieve #USMNT #USA vs #BEL
Helping more Americans secure their retirement while caring for their parents and raising their children is a significant challenge that will require government, the private sector, educational institutions and non-profits to work together. Thousands of residents in Western Pennsylvania and throughout the country are working harder than ever to make a decent living, squeeze every dollar they can to prepare for a retirement and meet their obligations to their family. Today’s hearing, in particular the personal testimony from Western Pennsylvanians, will play an important role in the policies that Congress and the Administration should examine in the coming months.
I’m very pleased that Philadelphia has been awarded this competitive grant, which has the potential to improve the local economy and help to transform this neighborhood. I weighed in with HUD about Philadelphia’s strong application, and I’m glad they also saw the great opportunity this neighborhood presents for economic growth and job creation.
In Philadelphia this morning to announce that the city has received a $30 million grant from HUD that could transform North Central Philadelphia.
With many of our veterans facing the aftereffects of war, this resolution will help to highlight a problem facing many of our men and women in the armed services. I’m proud to join this bipartisan group of senators to recognize the challenges many of our veterans face, and to raise awareness of PTSD and other mental health issues.
Rewarding these labor practices with the 2022 World Cup is the wrong approach. Recent reporting has raised new concerns about the way Qatar treats its workers and the manner in which the country was selected for the 2022 World Cup. FIFA’s own President has recently called the awarding of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar a “mistake.” I’m urging FIFA to remove the cloud that hangs over the 2022 World Cup and swiftly reallocate this event. The U.S. submitted a quality bid to FIFA that should once again be given serious consideration. Bringing the 2022 World Cup to the U.S. will also have a significant jobs impact that strengthens our economy.
It is clear that allowing the #WorldCup and the infrastructure projects leading up to it to take place in Qatar is no longer acceptable in the face of widespread allegations of bribery and labor rights abuses.
Unveiling a plan to expand the benefits of the Promise Zone areas in West Philadelphia and across the country.
NA
50 years ago today, the Senate passed the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964 #TBT
Night Markets has enlivened Philadelphia's neighborhoods and helped small business owners gain more exposure. This grant will allow this successful program to continue and help more of our city’s entrepreneurs launch small businesses that create jobs and attract visitors to Philadelphia.
Encouraging news from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "Overall for all four plans — bronze, silver, gold and platinum — 68 percent of enrollees had premiums of $100 or less after factoring in tax credits and 47 percent found plans with premiums of $50 a month or less, the report said."
Good luck to U.S. Soccer as their #WorldCup campaign gets underway today against Ghana! #USMNT #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
NA
NA
I’m pleased that the Senate was able to come together last night and pass the legislation that Senator Sanders and Senator McCain crafted, which will work to provide our veterans with the care and services they deserve. I’m proud to support this bipartisan legislation that will create more accountability in the VA health system, hire more doctors and nurses and provide resources for veterans and their spouses to attain a quality education. This is only a start and we need to continue to work to pass bipartisan legislation that will assist our veterans and their families.  We need to continue to look for ways to address the claims backlog, as well as employment, education and other healthcare issues that are important to our veterans and their families.
NA
The Borinqueneers served our Nation with bravery and honor even as they endured discrimination at home. Their courage and perseverance are an example to Americans everywhere. The Congressional Gold Medal is fitting their heroism and their dedication to the true promise of America.
Unfortunately, the release of the VA audit today again confirms that veterans across Pennsylvania have endured unacceptably long wait times to get care. Indications that some staff were directed to alter wait times are particularly troubling. I will continue to push for both answers and accountability. I will also continue to work to pass legislation that will help to correct these problems, including comprehensive veterans legislation and a measure to increase the number of primary care doctors.
Deeply grateful to be in Normandy reflecting on the sacrifices made here 70 yrs ago.  This was the first site i saw at the cemetery, Sgt. Wilbert L. Gray of Pennsylvania. We must do all we can to support our veterans #DDay70
I am proud to represent my fellow Pennsylvanians and all Americans in honoring the 70th Anniversary of the D-Day invasion. Pennsylvanians contributed significantly to the World War II effort with nearly 1.2 million from the Commonwealth serving in June of 1945.  The anniversary of D-Day is a poignant reminder of the tremendous sacrifices our service members make.  It is our solemn duty to honor their valor.
It is unacceptable that those who have served our country should have to wait nearly a year to receive care. There have been persistent problems at the Pittsburgh VAPHS so I am calling on the Administration to address these concerns immediately. Our veterans deserve care that honors the sacrifices they've made for our nation.
NA
President Obama made the right decision today to accept the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki. As a soldier who was wounded in combat and as a general who led our troops in battle - Eric Shinseki has served our country with distinction. We owe him a debt of gratitude for his service. I agree that new leadership at the VA will help refocus attention on the health and safety of our veterans who deserve nothing less than quality care from the VA. Acting Secretary Gibson must move expeditiously to address any systemic problems at the VA. He should also immediately look into the waitlist in Pittsburgh and other problems that were reported publicly today. I intend to press the Administration and the new acting secretary to ensure these issues are addressed promptly. I also intend to continue my push for a swift resolution to the disability claims backlog problem so that our veterans can access the level of care they have earned. #Shinseki #VA
Pleased to introduce Sen Jack Reed, our keynote speaker at the John P. Murtha breakfast at Showcase.
Today would be JFK’s 97th birthday. Since 2009 I have had the honor of occupying his former Senate office. #TBT
NA
NA
Joined by veterans from #NEPA, I'm laying out a bipartisan plan to reduce The #VABacklog
This Memorial Day, we honor those Americans who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.  We owe these servicemembers and their families a debt of gratitude. May we show our respect by ensuring our veterans have every opportunity and resource they need and deserve. We give thanks to the heroes we have lost and to all of our servicemembers and their families who give so much to keep us safe and free. #MemorialDay
NA
As we approach Memorial Day Weekend, I am calling on the VA to create a database to keep track of cemeteries where African American veterans who fought in the Civil War are buried. These soldiers volunteered at great personal risk, and it is important that we honor their heroism.  This is an important first step to ensure that we do not lose track of these historic sites, and it is the least we should do to honor these heroes.
Expanding access to higher ed is essential to building the middle class and ensuring all Americans get a #fairshot #TBT http://instagram.com/p/oTaXe9mCM3/ College of the Holy Cross
It was an honor to participate in @the_USO’s Warrior Pack assembly line,  please consider signing the Every Moment Counts flag at http://www.uso.org/ #USOMoments
I’m pleased that the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania today struck down the state’s ban on same-sex marriage. This was the right decision and is a step forward for equality in our Commonwealth and in the Nation.  As a U.S. Senator representing Pennsylvania, I have heard from many LGBT Pennsylvanians and their families who want nothing more than equal rights under the law.  As one mother from Pennsylvania said in a letter to me:  ‘My kids have two proud and loving parents who are honest [and] work hard.  I want my kids to know they are equal and our family is equal . . . I just want my family to be treated equally and with respect by my state and federal government.’  I believe this decision is a critical step toward achieving equal rights for all Pennsylvanians.
Pennsylvania’s locks and dams play a vital role in creating and sustaining jobs and supporting economic growth throughout the country. In Southwestern Pennsylvania alone, over 200,000 jobs rely on the proper functioning of the dams on the lower Monongahela River. I’m calling on Congress to pass WRRDA, which will create jobs, grow our economy and make vital upgrades to the region’s aging locks and dams.
I’m calling on Congress to pass #WRRDA, which will create jobs, grow our economy and make vital upgrades to the region’s aging locks and dams.
We must enforce our trade laws and level the playing field for our domestic steel industry.
Making our veterans wait long periods of time to receive care is shameful.  They deserve better.  I have consistently pushed to hold the VA accountable by helping to establish the Senate Veterans Claims Backlog Working Group, by pushing the VA to address the Legionnaires’ outbreak in Pittsburgh and by urging the VA to ensure that there are no other secret waitlists. The VA must immediately begin to examine its management structure to ensure our veterans are receiving high quality and timely care. The VA has an obligation to provide prompt and top-notch care to the brave men and women that served our country.  Leadership at the VA has a responsibility to ensure management is held accountable. Secretary Shinseki should work expeditiously to conduct the review of the VA Health System and to publish any data on wait times at facilities across the country. 
PA Brewers are celebrating American Craft Beer Week. I'm working to pass the #SmallBREWAct which will help them grow, boost PA's economy. #ACBW
College should be a path to opportunity, not a life sentence of debt. I’m working to give more Americans a #fairshot at a quality education. #TBT http://instagram.com/p/oBRAysmCGM/
This afternoon I spoke at the National Farmland Preservation Conference about the importance of conservation.
While a hashtag alone won't #BringBackOurGirls, It's important we demonstrate our support and keep up the pressure. http://instagram.com/p/n56_WLmCEY/
At a structurally deficient bridge in Harrisburg, I'm making the case to invest in bridge repair that will improve safety and boost our PA economy. http://instagram.com/p/n5sURbmCPh/
This Mother's Day, I'm working to pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act - http://t.co/7ISxKo3JYl #MothersDay #PWFA
Spoke with Jim Koch of Samuel Adams and Bill Covaleski of Victory Beer about the need to pass the #SmallBREWAct http://instagram.com/p/nvli9WmCGO/
Great article about Moscow PA native Sara Wolff and her efforts to help #passtheABLEact
Good discussion with students from the U.S. Army War College http://instagram.com/p/nte4VxGCKH/
Caring for these firefighters who are battling a disability or helping their family in the event of a tragic incident shouldn’t be a question of bureaucratic technicalities. It’s time for the Department of Justice to do the right thing and make sure these volunteer firefighters and their families have basic protections.
Asking U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Vilsack about implementation of the 2014 #FarmBill including microloan cooperative lending projects to foster economic development, dairy risk management and the Healthy Food Financing Initiative. http://instagram.com/p/ns6YSrGCFP/
#PWFA will require reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers and Protect them from retribution in the workplace.
Just signed the largest mother’s day card on capitol hill in honor of the #PWFA
NA
Joined by families and advocates from the Lehigh Valley, I'm pushing for a quick vote on legislation, the #ABLEAct, that would allow those with disabilities to set up tax advantaged savings accounts to pay for their long term care. http://instagram.com/p/nnmL-2mCAU/
Last week I was honored to be recognized as a 2013 Champion for Children by First Focus - http://instagram.com/p/nnjxsamCNa/#
In Scranton today to discuss our structurally deficient bridges. Investing in bridge repair will improve the safety of our region’s transportation system and boost our economy. Pennsylvania should not lead the nation in structurally deficient bridges. This is a problem that can be fixed if Democrats and Republicans come together around a commonsense approach to invest in our nation’s aging bridges. http://instagram.com/p/ngORC7mCK8/
The court has exposed so called Voter ID for what it really is: a scheme that could prevent thousands of Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote. Implementing Voter ID would prevent tens of thousands of Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote, including elderly Pennsylvanians who’ve fought in our wars and worked to make our country safe. It’s time for these appeals to end.
On this day 131 years ago, the Philadelphia Quakers, what we now call the Philadelphia Phillies, played their first game. #TBT http://instagram.com/p/ndMkuimCDl/
Raising the minimum wage is about basic fairness and economic security for Pennsylvania’s workers and families. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, which will increase Pennsylvania’s GDP by over $1 billion and add thousands of jobs. It will have positive economic impacts for the entire state, not just those working for the minimum wage.
Yesterday marked the 25th Workers’ Memorial Day, a day to honor those who have died or been injured by their work. In 2012 alone, 4,383 workers were killed on the job, including 163 workers in PA; nearly 3 million workers were injured. I called this hearing so that we can review current whistleblower protections and evaluate what updates, if any, are needed.
Sexual violence is a tragic and harsh reality on college campuses. We must ensure that we are providing every means necessary for college students to learn in a safe environment. #1is2many  https://notalone.gov/
The allegations in these reports are disturbing. It’s incumbent upon the VA to release all documents on any secret waitlists in Pennsylvania and throughout the country. The VA should publish all its data on wait times and lay out steps to reduce the times veterans across the country are waiting for care.
Congratulations to Malkin on the #HatTrick and the Pittsburgh Penguins on advancing to the second round! Also, good luck to the Philadelphia Flyers as they take on a tough New York Rangers tonight in a must win home game. 
If you are a #Veteran in search of new career opportunities, please visit the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs new Veterans Employment Center.
Western Pennsylvania has always been a region that creates its own future. Taking the lead on this ambitious commercial space travel initiative is only fitting. The fact that a company in our region is under consideration for this project is an indication of how high our tech industry has risen over the last decades. I’m hopeful that NASA will select Astrobotic Technology so #Pittsburgh can lead the way in this exciting endeavor.
Happy #ArborDay! PA is home to the tallest tree in the northeast http://bit.ly/1iiKARJ, learn more about planting and caring for trees - http://www.arborday.org/arborday/
Joined by officials from Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) and mass transit advocates from across Southeastern Pennsylvania, I'm pushing to renew an expired tax credit that has allowed Philadelphia region commuters to save nearly $1,000 annually on their taxes since 2009.
This week we celebrate the 148th anniversary of the incorporation of the city of #Scranton. #TBT
My thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of the Americans killed and the medical personnel injured in Kabul this morning. These individuals generously gave their time helping to treat women and children with disabilities in Afghanistan. Their dedication and selfless service is remarkable.   While Afghanistan has made tremendous gains in the last decade, specialized health services such as those provided at the Cure International Hospital in Kabul are often unavailable. I deeply appreciate the work of the organizations that provide much needed medical care for women and children in Afghanistan and applaud those medical professionals who have made the sacrifice to help build a better, healthier world for all.
Joined by families and advocates from SW PA, I'm pushing for a quick vote on #ABLE Act.
Finalizing this memorandum of understanding will lay out a roadmap to finally begin a full and complete cleanup of the SLDA. I’m urging the relevant federal agencies to move forward in an appropriate timeframe to get this MOU done so the remediation process can move forward.
Today we celebrate #EarthDay, a day when we should reaffirm our commitment to a clean, safe, and healthy environment for our children and future generations. http://1.usa.gov/1txsb8l
Today we honor the 6th President of Pennsylvania, Benjamin Franklin, who passed on this day, 224 years ago. #TBT
This piece of legislation will allow families to help their children have a better future. The ABLE Act now has support from a strong majority in both parties, in both the House and Senate, because it is a commonsense approach to help families save and pay for their loved ones’ long term care. Passing the ABLE Act will help give these families much needed peace of mind.
This program plays a critical role in providing pediatric care to young children and Congress should maintain its funding in the coming budget. I’m pleased that Congress came together recently to pass my legislation to reauthorize this program. The unanimous passage of this legislation is a sign of the strong support that this graduate medical education program has and I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to continue and expand its funding.
General Motors must be held fully accountable for this recall and the lack of information given to the public. Establishing a victims compensation fund and accepting civil liability for what’s occurred would help deliver justice to these families so they can begin the process of healing from these terrible tragedies.
Despite the clear need for more officers on the streets with the right technology and resources, federal programs to provide our first responders with this support have been underfunded for years. We simply cannot afford to ignore this problem any longer, and that means providing local law enforcement with the appropriate tools to do their jobs.  I’m calling on Congress to fund these programs which have proven to be instrumental in keeping both citizens and law enforcement safe.
#TBT We celebrate Philadelphia native, Marian Anderson and her performance on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial.
I am stunned by the senseless tragedy at Franklin Regional High School.  Our schools should be places where children can learn and grow without fear of violence.  I am inspired by the bravery of the school personnel and students, and I am grateful for the heroic work of the first responders, emergency and medical personnel who cared for those injured. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families and the entire Franklin Regional School District.
Last night on the Senate floor, I spoke about Afghanistan’s recent elections.
#EqualPay = Justice. Share if you agree. 
Wearing red today in honor of #EqualPay Day. It's time we make equal pay for equal work a reality for all Americans.
I’m urging the Appropriations Committee to continue investment in this program that has promoted job growth in Southeastern Pennsylvania while serving as a national model for energy efficiency. Investing in this initiative will help businesses across the country reduce their costs by becoming more energy efficient. I’m hopeful that the Appropriations Committee will continue to support this effort so the Consortium for Building Energy Innovation can continue to innovate and make a nationwide impact.
The Senate today did the right thing by passing the bipartisan Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2014. While I originally pushed for a one-year extension, this compromise will provide an essential lifeline to middle class families who rely on the program to stay afloat as they actively seek work.  With the program affecting over 105,000 Pennsylvanians currently looking for work, extending it will also provide an essential boost to our state economy. The pace of job growth has increased in the last few months but there are still far too many Pennsylvanians looking for work. Extending unemployment insurance will help those actively seeking work and their families.  I am hopeful that Speaker Boehner will quickly bring this bill to the floor so it can pass the House and be signed by the President. #RenewUI
The Lehigh Valley is an attractive location for employers and I’m hopeful Stone Brewing Co. will choose Pennsylvania for its new eastern U.S. location. Our region’s workforce is highly skilled and I’m confident any company would benefit from locating in the state. Companies like Stone Brewing represent a growing industry that could boost economic growth and job creation in Pennsylvania for years to come.
Please join me and U.S. Rep. Tony Cárdenas for an important event on juvenile justice. Wednesday, April 9th, United States Capitol Visitor Center, North Orientation Theater. Follow the link to RSVP. cc: Kids For Cash
Communities across Pennsylvania have struggled with the increase in heroin and prescription drug abuse. As these challenges increase it’s critical that Congress puts in place a commonsense approach to help families and law enforcement. Addiction is a truly terrible disease. Combatting the rise in heroin and prescription drug abuse will require all stakeholders to work together in a collaborative effort. I’m hopeful that Congress will take steps this year to confront this challenge.
The Administration should reject any attempt by the European Union to undercut one of our nation’s key industries. Diminishing these commonly used brand names could harm economic growth and impact a sector of Pennsylvania’s economy that supports nearly 100,000 jobs.
I’m concerned that this program could be implemented in a way that adversely impacts Pennsylvanians who are simply trying to exercise their right to vote. In 1993 Congress passed the National Voter Registration Act that requires states to give voters appropriate notice and due process before their name is purged from the voter rolls. It’s important that any process that removes someone from a voter registration list remain consistent with the protections in section 8 of the National Voter Registration Act. Pennsylvania’s participation in this program should be monitored closely. The state must engage in a transparent process that instills public confidence and doesn’t work to prevent Pennsylvanians from having their voices heard at the ballot box.
In honor of the opening week of @MLB, here's a #TBT of a 10 year old me with my Dad, brother, and Pittsburgh Pirates legend, Roberto Clemente!
#CDBG has played an instrumental role in advancing locally driven projects that create jobs and contribute to economic growth. The cuts proposed in the Administration’s budget could limit the ability of municipalities in Pennsylvania to complete economic development projects that are essential. I’m urging Congress to increase investment in CDBG so counties and cities throughout the state can continue to innovate, create jobs and invest in what works.
Reauthorizing this program will help some of our country’s best medical centers train physicians and enable families and children to receive better care. I’m pleased that the House came together in a bipartisan fashion to move this legislation onto the President’s desk. Pennsylvania’s children’s hospitals are some of the best in the country. Passing this bill will allow these hospitals to continue their lifesaving work and remain a driver of our economy.
Those in need have waited for too long, it’s time we come together and #RenewUI 
I would like to congratulate Coach Sanderson and his team for continuing their remarkable success. Once again, Penn State student athletes have made the entire state of Pennsylvania proud. I applaud the team’s dedication and look forward to their future achievements.
There are few acts more selfless and more powerful than the decision to donate a loved ones’ organs. My family and I will be forever indebted to Frances Lucas for giving the gift of life to my father in 1993.
I encourage all Pennsylvanians to sign up for health insurance through the Affordable Care Act’s health insurance marketplace by the end of the open enrollment period tonight.  Now more Pennsylvanians can purchase health insurance that offers free preventive care, covers pre-existing conditions, and ends lifetime caps on insurance coverage.  Additionally, young adults are able to remain on their parents’ plan.  While I will continue to push the Administration and Congress to make common-sense improvements to the law, I urge my constituents to sign-up and get covered today. #GetCovered
NA
#BaseballIsBack
Extending unemployment insurance will help those looking for work and produce growth in the economy. The pace of job growth has increased in the last few months but there are still far too many Pennsylvanians looking for work. Extending unemployment insurance will help those actively seeking work and their families, and I’m urging both Houses of Congress to quickly take up and pass this legislation. #RenewUI
These alarming statistics underscore the need to address the long term needs of families caring for those with autism. Parents of children with disabilities face daily struggles that we can’t even begin to imagine. The ABLE Act will provide families with the financial peace of mind they need, and Congress should pass it immediately. #PasstheABLEAct
I’m encouraging all Pennsylvanians who think they might have an unclaimed refund to use the resources available from the IRS to get their money. Claiming these refunds will help families’ pocketbooks and also boost the economy. Many residents don’t even know they have an unclaimed refund so it’s very important that Pennsylvanians use these resources to check.
Last night, I was honored to coach a victorious #HillsAngels team over the #HoyaLawyas in the 27th annual Home Court DC charity basketball game. Great event for a great cause! Learn more at http://www.homecourtdc.org/
A survivor of domestic violence shouldn’t have to file a joint tax return with his or her abuser just to receive an #ACA tax credit. I have called on the United States Department of the Treasury to fix this oversight. Glad they have taken steps to address this.
Last night, speaking from the Senate Floor, I urged my colleagues to act and #RenewUI
When it comes to medical treatment, children are not small adults, and the EMSC program recognizes the special care and attention they deserve. This low-cost program has saved the lives of countless children and adolescents in the past 30 years, and I urge my colleagues to support this critically important program.
The families who lost loved ones during this Legionnaires’ outbreak deserve to have all the facts about what happened during that time period. Releasing these internal investigations could provide additional information to the families and shed new light on how the VA handled the outbreak. While the VA has taken steps towards reform since the outbreak there is still more to be done. In the coming months I’m hopeful that legislation I’ve cospsonsored with Senator Burr, that would require the VA to improve the way it reports infectious diseases, will come to the Senate floor.
I want to thank Senators Reid and McConnell for signing on to the ABLE Act. Having their support is critical to getting this legislation passed, and I’m hopeful that we’ll do just that in the coming months. The ABLE Act now has support from a strong majority in both parties because it is a commonsense approach that will help families of children with disabilities save and pay for their long term care. Passing the ABLE Act will help give these families peace of mind in knowing that they can better save for their loved ones.
This grant has the potential to improve Philadelphia’s economy and help to transform this neighborhood. I’ve weighed in with U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development about Philadelphia’s strong application and am hopeful that it will be selected. Transforming our neighborhoods is the first step towards a growing economy and job creation.
Night Markets has enlivened Philadelphia's neighborhoods and helped small business owners gain more exposure. One business owner here began with a food truck at Night Markets and now has a storefront. Now that the Night Markets application is a finalist I'm urging EDA to move forward with it.
I voted to advance Dr. Murthy's nomination during a hearing of the HELP Committee and will support his nomination on the Senate floor. Dr. Murthy understands the public health challenges our nation faces, is highly qualified and would make an excellent Surgeon General.
Communities across Pennsylvania have struggled with the increase in #heroin and prescription drug abuse. As these challenges increase it’s critical that Congress puts in place a commonsense approach to help families and law enforcement. Addiction is a truly terrible disease. Combatting the rise in heroin and prescription drug abuse will require all stakeholders to work together in a collaborative effort. I’m hopeful that Congress will take steps this year to confront this challenge.
Combatting Asian Carp is important to Northwestern Pennsylvania’s economy. Getting this right will protect the region’s tourism industry and play a substantial role in future economic growth. We need to work together on solutions that will stop the spread of Asian carp, which is why I’m urging the Army Corps to work with Congress and keep us informed of its progress.
Today is National #PiDay – 3.14 – Take a moment to celebrate mathematics and encourage #STEM education.
The New York Times agrees, it's time we #passtheABLEact.
The Senate today did the right thing by moving forward with a bipartisan measure to extend unemployment insurance.  I originally pushed for a one-year extension, but this compromise will provide an essential lifeline to middle class families who rely on the program to stay afloat as they actively seek work.  With the program affecting over 105,000 Pennsylvanians currently looking for work, extending it will also provide an essential boost to our state economy.  I am hopeful that this bill will quickly pass the Senate and that Speaker Boehner will bring it to the floor so it can pass the House. #UI #Unemployment #RenewUI
NA
Yesterday, I met with MG Wesley Craig, the Adjutant General of the Pennsylvania National Guard, to discuss the ways PA's guard members strengthen our national security and serve their home communities. I am proud that the PA Guard has repeatedly answered the call to service; the PA Guard has deployed over 34,000 servicemembers in support of overseas operations since 9/11. I would also like to take this time to wish the 28th Infantry Division a Happy 135th Birthday, The U.S. Army's oldest in continuous operation! I'll continue to fight to keep our Guard strong.
I’m changing my profile picture to mark 3 years of suffering for the #childrenofsyria with UNICEF. Help us spread the word and demand a better future for them:
The lottery for The White House Easter Egg Roll opens this morning at 10:00 AM. Find out more about this great event at the link below.
The backlog has been a persistent and inexcusable problem. Our Nation’s heroes shouldn't have to wait for months or more for their claims to be addressed. It is unacceptable that some veterans in Pennsylvania have waited a year or longer to get their disability claims processed, such as 345 days in Pittsburgh and 309 days in Philadelphia.  Veterans deserve a comprehensive and permanent solution to this problem, and our hope is that this legislation will ensure we reach that goal.
President Putin’s decision to deploy Russian forces into Crimea is a blatant violation of Ukrainian sovereignty and further evidence of his heavy-handed, undemocratic approach to foreign policy. From its support for the Assad regime in Syria to its crackdown on protests in Sochi, the Russian government has demonstrated its disrespect for human rights and proclivity for using violence and oppression to quell dissent. The Ukrainian people have rejected this style of governance, and the United States should continue to support their legitimate aspirations for freedom and democracy in Ukraine.  Russia's act of aggression requires a unified response from the United States and our allies, and we have a range of options at our disposal. If the Ukrainian government requests, the international community should send civilian observers to monitor the situation on the ground.  We can further support the Ukrainian government with loan guarantees and other economic assistance.  I will work with my Senate colleagues to explore targeted asset freezes against key Russian officials or broader economic sanctions on the Russian economy.
NA
As Pennsylvania deals with a heroin and prescription drug abuse crisis, I will push for passage of legislation that would put a new, robust federal plan in place to combat prescription drug abuse.
The students of Penn State deserve recognition for their tremendous efforts and commitment to public service. Once again Penn State Dance Marathon has exceeded the high standards that we have come to expect from this event. By raising over $13 million for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center, students and supporting organizations offer hope and inspiration to pediatric cancer patients and their loved ones. #THON14
On Sunday I spoke with Fox News' Shannon Bream about the events unfolding in #Ukraine.
Near the site of the Allentown pipeline explosion, I'm calling for additional funding for safety measures. The tragic explosion of 2011 underscores the need to improve safety. http://1.usa.gov/1h6muHP
This morning during a visit to the EMA, I called for additional funding for life-saving river gauges that help communities forecast flooding. http://1.usa.gov/1jRzTnF
I am gravely concerned about the ongoing crackdown on the protests in Kiev and today's reports of some of the most deadly clashes since the crisis began. This violence is unacceptable. I am calling on the Ukrainian government to pull back its forces and for both sides to work towards a peaceful resolution. I support the imposition of visa bans on key Ukrainian officials, and we should seriously consider additional sanctions if the violence continues.  The U.S. must work with our European partners to continue to support the Ukrainian people’s desire for democracy and prosperity. #Ukraine
Proud to work with the NO H8 Campaign this year to take a stand against hate and discrimination - http://www.noh8campaign.com/article/noh8onthehill4
Calling for passage of legislation that would create a nationwide ‘AMBER Alert’ style system for missing seniors. - http://1.usa.gov/1gmPKZl
I have fought for years to enact a comprehensive #FarmBill and I certainly support the goal of a comprehensive Farm bill to provide long-term certainty for our farmers.  I commend Chairwoman Stabenow for her tireless work to get this bill across the goal line.  She managed the very difficult task of negotiating a bill that advanced without some of the most egregious and draconian proposals and for that reason I believe the bill deserved a vote. The bill also includes some very good policies including specialty crop provisions that are good for Pennsylvania that I worked to enact. Nonetheless, the bill includes significant cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (#SNAP) program that will have a devastating impact on Pennsylvanians.  According to the Greater Philadelphia Coalition Against Hunger, as a result of these changes 175,000 Pennsylvanian households will lose, on average, $65 for food each month. The SNAP program plays a critical role in the battle against hunger for children, seniors and families across our Commonwealth and throughout our nation.  For every dollar invested in this program, it is estimated that the economy gets $1.75 in return.  The program fuels consumer spending while providing much needed nutrition for 1.7 million Pennsylvanians. Therefore, I could not support this bill.
Great article on Pittsburgh’s ability to adapt in difficult economic conditions, let it serve as a model for others.
Sex trafficking is a truly heinous crime that often preys on vulnerable women and children. It’s important that law enforcement and fans stay vigilant this weekend since major sporting events can be a magnet for traffickers. In the coming year, Congress has the opportunity to act on a bipartisan basis to strengthen human trafficking laws. No person in our country should have their lives stolen by human traffickers.  The National Human Trafficking Hotline 1-888-373-7888 New Jersey Human Trafficking Hotline: 1-855-363-6548 New York City Human Trafficking Referral Tipline: 212-335-3400  #SuperBowl 
Also thanks to Tessa for checking my blood pressure. A group of @univofscranton students are helping to keep seniors healthy at @UNCnepa
Great to be at @UNCnepa with Mayor Courtright to talk about ways to protect our seniors. Thanks to @univofscranton volunteers for stopping by.
I am pleased that the Senate has passed this bipartisan legislation which will give certainty to over 30,000 homeowners across Pennsylvania. In the last few years, families across the Commonwealth have dealt with flooding that has battered homes and strained finances. Homeowners who have faced the challenges of flood damage will now have some peace of mind that this legislation will prevent sudden drastic rate hikes. #FloodInsurance
Our older Pennsylvanians have fought in our wars, worked in our factories and taught our children. Fraud against seniors is a cowardly crime. I’m introducing this web resource page on my website so Pennsylvania’s two million seniors and caretakers have an easy, central place to find information and connect with agencies that can give them the help they need.
Great to meet students from Lancaster Bible College at my Keystone Coffee this morning
Glad to welcome the President to Western PA; nothing is more important than creating economic opportunity.
I am gratified that the President made #jobs and the #economy the central focus of his #SOTU
My reaction to #sotu
Great to talk to @wsj about #sotu and working to create jobs and strengthen the middle class.
I am gratified that the President made jobs and the economy the central focus of his State of the Union address. Despite recent economic progress, far too many Americans are still struggling to get back on their feet. If you work hard and play by the rules, you should have the opportunity to succeed. I was encouraged by the President's emphasis on worker training programs, hiring incentives and pay equity to ensure workers have the chance to get ahead. Responsible development of natural gas is something I have pushed for a long time and the President's proposal will help create jobs in Pennsylvania while at the same time decreasing our dependence on foreign oil. I was also glad to see that the President underscored his commitment to early education and research to ensure our nation's long-term global competitiveness. I look forward to working with Republicans and Democrats to advance these efforts along with additional job creation measures like my bipartisan small business bill so that we can grow the economy and strengthen the middle class. #SOTU
Discussing what we hope to hear tonight with my guest to the #SotU and Philly native, Tianna Gaines-Turner.
From 90.5 WESA on #SOTU
I’m disappointed in Governor Corbett’s decision to appeal the Commonwealth Court’s decision to invalidate this misguided and ill-conceived law. From the beginning, this law has been designed to prevent many Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote and has the potential to impact residents young and old, from urban and rural counties. Whenever Pennsylvania’s so-called ‘Voter ID’ law has been held to a test of basic fairness it’s failed. At a time when we need to encourage more people to vote in elections this law runs contrary to that goal. Historically, our Commonwealth has always moved to expand and encourage voting by our citizens. The #VoterID law would reverse much of the progress we’ve made over the years.
Today I was joined by my guest to the State of the Union, Tianna Gaines-Turner, a local Philadelphia woman who can speak to the challenges working families face. Tomorrow night’s address is a critical moment for the President to call for a renewed focus on job creation and economic growth. Tianna’s story is one of courage, struggle and sacrifice. Congress must come together to help working families earn a decent wage. This year Congress has the opportunity to take commonsense steps like raising the minimum wage and investing in early education that will help expand opportunity for middle class families in our state and our nation. #SOTU
Hunger and food insecurity is an unfortunate and preventable reality for many Pennsylvanians. In this time of economic recovery, there is an urgent need for food assistance. As Co-Chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus, and Member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I'm working on a bipartisan basis to develop policies to ensure that all Americans have access to safe, affordable, and nutritious foods.
I also participated in the National Bell Ringing Ceremony in honor of #MLK.
This morning I participated in a service event at Girard College in celebration of #MLK today.
Today’s ruling is a victory for the fundamental voting right of every Pennsylvanian. Implementing Voter ID would prevent tens of thousands of Pennsylvanians from exercising their right to vote, including elderly Pennsylvanians who've fought in our wars and worked to make our country safe. Voter ID is crumbling under the weight of its own faulty premises and misguided reasoning.
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! Here are 15 of our favorites selected from over 100 submissions. The one with the most likes on January 17 will be used as our cover photo. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
The Senate today did the right thing by moving forward with a bipartisan measure to extend unemployment insurance.  This legislation will provide an essential lifeline to middle class families who rely on the program to stay afloat as they actively seek work.  With the program affecting 73,000 Pennsylvanians currently looking for work, extending it will also provide an essential boost to our state economy.  I am hopeful that the Senate will pass the bill swiftly and that Speaker Boehner will bring it to the floor so it can pass the House. #renewUI
Visiting the Farm Show and discussing the benefits that the Farm Bill will have for all Pennsylvanians.
Winter in PA Cover Photo Contest  Submit a photo with your first name, hometown, and photo location to photos@casey.senate.gov. You’ll get the chance to vote on your favorites and we’ll use the one with the most likes as our facebook cover photo.  Please submit your photos by January 12th.
Merry Christmas!
This is one, commonsense step we can take to help food banks in Northeastern Pennsylvania and around the country serve those in need. Food banks play a critical role in ensuring those facing food insecurity, especially children, can get a full meal. Further incentivizing businesses to donate to food banks will help these children and working families throughout the state.
More evidence that we need to strengthen the middle class to strengthen our economy.
The passing on of a loved one is a significant hardship for a family to deal with that shouldn’t be compounded by the threat of identity theft. This is a significant step forward that will protect the identities of the recently deceased and will work to ensure that their families are not preyed upon by criminals.
For the first time in four years, we are in a position to pass a budget agreement with strong bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate. The bill is not perfect and neither side is happy with everything in the agreement.  However, in a year filled with far too much partisan fighting, this compromise is an important step forward.  Programs that help create jobs in Pennsylvania such as Community Development Block Grants and NIH medical research will likely face fewer cuts under this deal. In addition, overall deficit reduction will be approximately $20 billion higher under this agreement than without it. Moreover, the bill will allow us avoid another damaging government shutdown.  I am hopeful that the measure will pass the Senate and that the spirit of bipartisanship will continue into next year. #budget
Extending unemployment insurance will help those looking for work and produce growth in the economy. The pace of job growth has increased in the last few months but there are still far too many Pennsylvanians looking for work. Extending unemployment insurance will help those actively seeking work and provide a jolt to GDP as we move into the new year. I’m pleased the Senate is set to vote on this issue soon and I’m calling on both Houses of Congress to take up and pass this legislation.
I just learned a few lines of code in honor of Computer Science Education Week. Learn how you can too @ http://learn.code.org #HourOfCode
The National Guard celebrates its 377th birthday today. The National Guard traces its history back to a direct declaration of the Massachusetts Bay Colony on December 13, 1636.  This declaration formed a group of Citizen-Soldiers, requiring all physically able men between 16 and 60 to serve in the militia whenever they were needed.  Other colonies would follow in establishing their own defense forces.  Though Pennsylvania’s Citizen-Soldier defense force would not form for over another hundred years, its history is no less special.  In 1747, Benjamin Franklin would lead others Philadelphians in the creation of the “Associators.”  The idea caught on in neighboring areas within Pennsylvania and was soon replicated throughout the Commonwealth.  From its founding in 1747, through the Revolution, to today’s commitment in Afghanistan, the Pennsylvania National Guard has upheld its motto, “Civilian in peace.  Soldier in war.”
I have called on the Senate to take up this legislation soon to give certainty to homeowners across Pennsylvania. This is a commonsense, bipartisan proposal that could prevent drastic rate hikes for over 30,000 policyholders across the state.
In Philadelphia today to call for passage of a new plan to provide background checks for childcare workers.
This December 7th marks the 72nd anniversary of the attack on #PearlHarbor, “A Date Which Will Live in Infamy” when the Japanese attacked the US naval base in Pearl Harbor Hawaii.  Over 2,400 Americans were lost on that day while defending their country.  The battleship USS Pennsylvania was stationed at Pearl Harbor on that fateful day. It was undergoing maintenance in a drydock.  This positioning allowed the USS  Pennsylvania to be one of the first ships to open fire on the Japanese attackers.  During the attack, it sustained minor damage and later served honorably in the Pacific for the remainder of the War.  The state of Pennsylvania lost nearly two dozen of its native sons during the attacks on Pearl Harbor.  Included in this total is Chief Boatswain Edwin Joseph Hill of Philadelphia, who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the attack.  Seventy-two years later, I ask that all Pennsylvanians honor and remember the sacrifices that those brave sailors paid at Pearl Harbor.  Having occurred so long ago, the members of the “greatest generation” are becoming all the more rare and yet are becoming all the more exceptional as examples to live selflessly and patriotically.
As Pittsburgh dedicates their WWII memorial to the brave men and women of our armed forces, we are reminded of the great sacrifices they made. Tomorrow we take the opportunity to reflect upon the 72nd anniversary of Pearl Harbor. While that event may have occurred decades ago, the courage and honor with which our servicemembers serve remains eternal.
I am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Nelson Mandela. His unwavering commitment to justice and equality will inspire politicians and activists for many generations to come. #Mandela
Raising the minimum wage is about basic fairness and economic security for over Pennsylvania’s workers and families. Congress should have an up or down vote on raising the minimum wage. Passing this bill will increase Pennsylvania’s GDP by over $1 billion and add thousands of jobs. It will have positive economic impacts for the entire state not just those working for the minimum wage.
The Pittsburgh Steelers
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving. I'm thankful to our service men and women who make great sacrifices to keep us safe.
NA
Today we remember President John F. Kennedy. Since 2009 I have had the honor of occupying his Senate office.
Barb - Wilkes-Barre - Dallas Township
NA
The ABLE Act is commonsense bipartisan legislation that will help make it easier for families to save for their children and we should pass it immediately.  Individuals with disabilities and their families face challenges many of us can’t even begin to imagine. They deserve some assurance that they will be able to adequately plan for the future.
Only two more days until we select a winner! Click 'like' on your favorite photo to cast your vote! 
As we commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, we are reminded of how much we owe to those who have given “the last full measure of devotion.” As President Lincoln so poignantly noted, it is our job to provide meaning and purpose to their sacrifice. May we take this opportunity to reflect as a nation on those who have gone before us. And, may we recommit ourselves to the cause of freedom and of government of the people, by the people and for the people. #GettysburgAddress
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
 
 Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
 
 But, in a larger sense, we cannot dedicate—we cannot consecrate—we cannot hallow—this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they here gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! The one with the most likes on November 22 will be used as our cover photo until the end of the year. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
Thank you to the Marines and the dedicated workforce at Boeing in Ridley Park for making such operations possible.
Please vote for your favorite cover photo! The one with the most likes on November 22 will be used as our cover photo until the end of the year. Photos have been cropped to fit the cover photo dimensions and the captions read First Name - Hometown - Photo Location. Thanks to all who submitted a photo!
I was proud to host Ellen Saracini and the Air Line Pilots Association, International yesterday to talk about the importance of cockpit security.  Installing secondary barriers on commercial airplanes is a cost-effective way to increase passenger safety and deter terrorism.  Ellen Saracini is the wife of the late Capt. Victor Saracini, who was the pilot of UA 175 that crashed into the World Trade Center on 9/11.
Today, U.S. Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) unveiled the Senate’s new comprehensive approach to universal Pre-K.. Senator Casey first introduced universal Pre-K in 2007. In his last State of the Union Address, President Obama endorsed universal Pre-K and called on Congress to take action. Now Senate leaders on education have come together on a comprehensive approach that would help Pennsylvania children access early learning.
NA
On Veterans Day, we come together to honor the courageous actions of our brave men and women, past and present, who have served to defend our nation. Our Armed Forces have always answered the call to duty.  Every day, but especially on Veterans Day, I am grateful for our servicemembers, past and present, and I remain committed to ensuring they have every opportunity and resource they need when they return home. 
 
 Around Veteran’s Day I am always reminded of something my father once said: ‘We pray for the military families and for their loved ones serving around the globe; we also pray that we may be worthy of their valor.’ So as we rightly praise our veterans in word today, we must also ensure that our actions in Congress and throughout the federal government provide for the needs of our brave veterans. 
 
 I look forward to continue working with my colleagues in Congress on the important issues facing our veterans, servicemembers and their families. I hope Pennsylvanians will join me in thanking the veterans and servicemembers for their service and sacrifice and in honoring these heroes throughout the year.
Today marks the 238th birthday of the United States Marine Corps. The origins of the Marine Corps can be traced back to the Continental Marines of War for American Independence. The Second Continental Congress established the Marine Corps on November 10, 1775. Pennsylvania’s long and storied tradition of Corps also dates back to Captain Samuel Nicholas of Philadelphia, who was the first officer commissioned in the Continental Marines. From America’s inception to today, these brave men and women truly embody the Marines’ motto “Semper Fidelis” by their persistent honor and courage. Join me in wishing the United States Marine Corps, and all those that have served within the ranks of the few and the proud, a happy birthday.
I am grateful for today’s bipartisan Senate vote to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. A recent JEC report indicated that more than one in five LGBT employees have experienced workplace discrimination. That is completely unacceptable.  Workers should be judged on the quality of the job they do, nothing more, nothing less. I urge Speaker Boehner to bring this bill to allow an up or down vote on this bill in the House floor before the end of the year.
Today’s bipartisan Senate vote to take up and pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act is an important step to ensure employees are judged on their performance, rather than who they are. This vote was about fundamental fairness. Workers should be judged on the quality of the job they do, nothing more, nothing less. Speaker Boehner should commit to bringing this bill to the House floor before the end of the year and allowing an up or down vote. #ENDA
NA
This November, we are celebrating Military Family Appreciation Month, a time when we will recognize and honor those brave men and women who support our servicemembers. Pennsylvania has a long and storied association across every branch of the U.S. military, and is home to the nation’s third-largest Army National Guard and fourth-largest Air National Guard.   The spouses, children, parents, families, and friends who form the support network for our fighting men and women are unsung heroes.  They have made, and continue to make, tremendous sacrifices so that the rest of us are able to live in a free and safe society, and I am deeply grateful.
The SNAP program plays a critical role in the battle against hunger for children, seniors and families across Pennsylvania and throughout our nation. The expiration of increased SNAP benefits at this time will also have a negative impact on Pennsylvania’s economy.  For every dollar invested in this program, it is estimated that the economy gets $1.75 in return.  The program fuels consumer spending while providing much needed nutrition for 1.7 million Pennsylvanians.
Spoke about Alyssa, epilepsy, and urged constituents to #payitforward this morning at my Keystone Coffee. #AJO
Discussing the impact that sequester cuts have had on medical researchers' work and the impact of additional cuts.
We must make sure that the MALSR system is repaired so that the airport can continue spurring economic growth in the region. If the system isn’t repaired soon, many carriers may choose to cancel flights to the airport, which will harm the regional economy. I urge the FAA to prioritize funding for this system, so the airport can continue to grow and create jobs.
The #SmallBREW Act would increase economic activity by $183.1 million in 2013 and $1.04 billion over five years.
Thousands of PA seniors have been scammed by telemarketers. Spoke w/ Scranton residents today about need for a path to justice.
Unfortunately, due to the absence of a congressional agreement on appropriations for Fiscal Year 2014, my Senate office is unable to maintain normal operations.  If you have an emergency involving federal benefits, such as those provided by the Veterans Administration or Social Security, please email our office at casework@casey.senate.gov. If you would like to share information about how the federal government shutdown has impacted you, please email shutdown@casey.senate.gov.  I am sorry for any inconvenience this unfortunate situation may cause you. My staff and I look forward to continuing the excellent constituent service you expect when the federal government is fully funded.
Today is Gold Star Mother’s Day, a solemn day to recognize the unfathomable sorrow of mothers who have lost a son or daughter while in the service of the United States Armed Forces.  I’d like to express my reverence, deep respect, and gratitude for the service and sacrifice of these mothers and their families to our nation.
This is a crisis manufactured and perpetuated solely by Congressional Republicans who allowed a Tea Party takeover of the Republican Party in Washington. These Washington politicians who receive quality health care themselves are insistent on delaying health care for millions of Americans. Unless Republican leaders get control of their party, extreme right ideology will take precedence over the middle class, jobs, economic growth and national defense.  If our government shuts down, the extreme right wins and middle class Pennsylvanians will be harmed. #NoShutdown
Some members of Congress appear determined to shut down the government to further a narrow ideological goal. This isn’t a game and could have serious consequences for Pennsylvanians. Why should one of our state’s veterans wait to receive a disability check so a politician in Washington can play political games? This new fact sheet highlights the serious consequences of a shutdown. Allowing the government to shutdown is unnecessary and wholly irresponsible. #NoShutdown
Honoring Alyssa and raising epilepsy awareness from Capitol Hill- http://bit.ly/15whPHE #ajo
Today is National POW/MIA Recognition Day. On this solemn day, I hope that all can take a moment to honor those who were prisoners of war and those who are still considered missing in action. We have an obligation as a nation to do whatever we can to account for those who never returned and provide answers to loved ones. You are not forgotten.
This one-time accommodation will lessen the impact on veterans who are disadvantaged based solely on where they chose to live after their service to our nation. I’m urging the Department of Defense to delay the implementation of this program until Congress is able to consider this legislation. Many retirees on fixed incomes did not plan for these increased costs. We must do whatever we can to honor those who have served our nation bravely and selflessly in the armed forces.
NA
NA
Today marks the 66th birthday of the United States Air Force.  Though the youngest branch of the military, the history and heritage of the Air Force is even older than its official creation on September 18th, 1947.  From the testing of early aircraft at the dawn of the twentieth century, to the massive expansion in the role of airpower in World War II, to the brave men and women who serve today in Afghanistan, the Air Force has a long tradition of bravery, innovation, and excellence.  Join me in wishing the United States Air Force, and all those that have served within its ranks, a happy birthday!
NA
Today my thoughts and prayers are with everyone impacted by the tragic events in Navy Yard.  We owe a debt of gratitude to all those who serve our nation, in the armed forces, as civilians and as first responders. I commend the bravery on all levels of law enforcement in responding to this horrific attack. We will work to bring all those responsible for this attack to justice. I extend my condolences to those who lost loved ones today and my sympathies to the victims of this horrible tragedy. #NavyYardShooting
My bill, The Small Brewer Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act (Small BREW Act S. 917), would help small breweries like Susquehanna Brewing Co. by cutting the excise tax that small breweries pay.
We’ve made progress on airline safety in the years since September 11th 2001 but there are still additional commonsense steps we can take better protect passengers and flight crew. There’s no way to fully and completely honor the extraordinary courage of Captain Saracini. He gave the full measure of his life for our nation, and his wife, Ellen, and his family have worked tirelessly in the years since to increase airline safety. I’m urging Congress to pass this legislation to make further improvements to airline safety.
Today, we remember those we lost on September 11th and the uncommon courage Americans showed during one of our Nation’s most difficult times. In Shanksville, at the Pentagon and in the streets of Manhattan, Americans came together and in some cases made the ultimate sacrifice to protect others. This 12th anniversary of 9/11 is a day to renew our commitment to confront our security and economic challenges in a spirit of unity and cooperation. While the Senate was in session this week, my wife Terese was able to attend remembrance events in Shanksville on my behalf. We pray today for those who died on 9/11, for their families and for our troops serving around the globe; we also pray for ourselves, that we may be worthy of their valor.
NA
NA
Today we remember the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Lake Erie and the incredible sacrifices that Northwestern Pennsylvanians made during the War of 1812. Just last week I was in Erie and got a chance to see the preparations taking place to commemorate this anniversary. All this year, Erie has held a celebration worthy of the valor of Oliver Hazard Perry and the 557 patriots who followed him in to battle.
Today’s announcement that funding for the Flight 93 Memorial is complete is a testament to the incredible work and dedication of the families. I was proud to work with the families and our bipartisan delegation to secure a federal commitment for the Memorial. This memorial cannot fully encompass the extraordinary sacrifice that these families have made, but I’m confident that its completion will show one small measure of our gratitude towards them and the heroes of Flight 93.
Calling on Congress to raise the national minimum wage by passing the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013. http://1.usa.gov/1a9VIdI
Congratulations to the Pittsburgh Pirates for securing their first winning season in 20 years. Here's hoping for some October baseball at PNC Park!
Tonight marks the beginning of the New Year and High Holy Days for Jewish families in Pennsylvania and around the world.  Rosh Hashanah is a time to reflect on the past year and to be thankful for all of our blessings. It is also an opportunity to remember to have humility and compassion for those in need.    I am proud to represent Pennsylvania’s vibrant Jewish community, and I offer my best wishes to all who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah.  May we all strive to live out the values honored on this important occasion. I wish all those celebrating a happy and healthy New Year. L’shanah tovah.
Pennsylvania has quickly become a leader in natural gas production, which has had a substantial impact on jobs and economic growth. This legislation can help Pennsylvania take the next step in the development of alternative fuels. Putting in place more infrastructure and making it easier for businesses to transport their goods using alternative energy will help these businesses grow and create jobs. http://1.usa.gov/17EXBx4
My interview with Tamron Hall on msnbc about the situation in #Syria
September is Suicide Prevention Month; please share the VA's image on your Facebook timeline and help spread the word that Mental Health Matters.
As we mark Labor Day, it is a time to remember past struggles and hard-fought victories that have improved the lives and livelihood of all workers.  It is also a time to take stock of the problems that must still be tackled.    Addressing the growing income inequality and continued pay inequity is essential for families and for our long-term economic prosperity.  Safer workplaces where workers have a voice should not have to be up for debate.    As the economy continues to recover, unemployment and underemployment continues to take a toll on Pennsylvania families.  Wise investments and decisions must be made to level the playing field for American workers, build a strong workforce and spur the creation of family-sustaining jobs.  After Labor Day, as work continues on fiscal decisions, I will continue to fight to increase wages, improve competitiveness and strengthen the economic recovery.
In response to President Obama’s remarks on Syria: I think a debate on Syria policy is very important and I wish it had started sooner. In 2011 I laid out a comprehensive approach to the Syrian crisis that would confront the Assad regime and protect US national security interests. And Last November, I called for a more assertive approach to the conflict in Syria because I believe the Assad regime is a threat to both regional stability and the United States' broader national security interests. I have no doubt that Bashar al-Assad has used chemical weapons against his own people. Every day that Assad remains in power helps Iran and Hezbollah who plot against the United States and its allies. I believe that it is in the US national security interest to respond to this most recent chemical attack. I appreciate the Administration's efforts to consult with Congress about the situation.
In light of the intelligence briefing I received today as well as public remarks by both the President and Secretary Kerry, I have no doubt that Bashar al-Assad has used chemical weapons against his own people. It is evident that his regime crossed more than a red line. Last November, I called for a more assertive approach to the conflict in Syria because I believe the Assad regime is a threat to both regional stability and the United States' broader national security interests. Every day that Assad remains in power helps Iran and Hezbollah who plot against the United States and its allies every day. Taking action now will certainly be more difficult than it was last year, but I believe that it is in the US national security interest to respond to this most recent chemical attack. I also believe that all aspects of our Syria policy should be thoroughly debated. I appreciate the Administration's efforts to consult with Congress about the situation as we collectively assess our response.
At the groundbreaking of the new Post Exchange in Moon Township. This is a great victory for southwestern Pennsylvania military families.
Last November, I called for a more assertive US approach to the conflict in Syria because it is in line with our national security interests and our humanitarian values.  Taking action now will certainly be more difficult than it was last year, but if the administration does decide to act in collaboration with our allies in Europe and the Middle East, it should act decisively to avoid further extending the conflict.  As part of any military response, the US should redouble its efforts to support the moderate opposition with training and equipment.  The US should also increase humanitarian support for Syrians inside the country as well as refugees in surrounding countries.  Addressing the crisis in Syria at this stage will be extremely difficult, but every day that Assad remains in power helps Iran and Hezbollah and threatens stability across the region.  Iran and terrorist organizations, like Hezbollah, are plotting against the United States and its allies every day.  I commend the Administration for confronting this difficult but critical challenge.  Assad has slaughtered more than 100,000 people and stoked sectarianism throughout the region.  He has crossed more than a red line and the United States must act in the interest of our national and global security.
NA
I was disturbed to hear the reports of chemical weapons use in Syria. The UN inspection team on the ground should look into these new claims and determine if the regime has once again employed the use of these terrible weapons.  This should also serve to refocus the attention of the US and international community.  Hundreds continue to be killed in Syria on a weekly basis. And once again, the Administration's red line appears to have been crossed. I continue to believe that the US should consider assertive ways to end the atrocities committed against the Syrian people.  Our national security interests continue to be at stake - every day that Assad remains in power is a benefit to Iran and the terrorist group Hezbollah.
Natural gas development and new coal technologies will allow Pennsylvanians to control our economic and energy destiny. Now is not the time to cut back on vital investments that help move natural development and coal forward and will ultimately lead to more job creation and economic growth. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/19Jynmn
I’m working to ensure prison guards have the resources they need to stay safe.
It’s critically important we ensure law enforcement has the resources it needs.
NA
Best of luck to Temple University sophomore Brandon Matthews at the United States Golf Association Amateur Quarterfinals.
Pushing for passage of legislation that would cut taxes for small breweries in Pittsburgh and across the country.
We must preserve funding for medical research - it saves lives and creates jobs.
I can think of more than 16 reasons, but I agree Pittsburgh is great BuzzFeed!
Today’s anniversary of the Voting Rights Act is a moment to remember the courage of so many people who fought, organized and risked their lives to ensure equal access to the vote for all Americans. While we pause to mark this historic day, we must also recognize the challenges that lie ahead. The Supreme Court’s decision to gut a key section of the Voting Rights Act has unleashed a tidal wave of laws designed to keep Americans from exercising their right to vote. I’m pleased that the Senate Judiciary Committee has already held hearings on ways to restore Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act, and I’ll continue to push Congress to move in a swift and bipartisan fashion on this issue. I’ll also continue to oppose state laws, like Voter ID, that substantially impact the opportunity of residents to freely exercise their right to vote. Why would we want to make it harder for people to vote? Why should we erect barriers in front of Americans who want their voices to be heard? Today’s anniversary is a moment to redouble our efforts to protect the voting rights of millions of Americans.
This week marks the fourth anniversary of the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Since 2009, over 37,000 Pennsylvania servicemembers, veterans and military families have taken advantage of these educational and vocational benefits.  I am proud to have supported this law as it shows the commitment we must have to our servicemembers, veterans and military families.
The bipartisan Senate bill prioritizes job creation through investments in highways, transit, railways and ports. A safe, reliable and modern transportation system is vital to commerce in our state. Passage of this bill is important for our state’s ailing bridges and our roads and I’ll be urging Congress to pass this legislation this year.
Today we pause to remember the life of an extraordinary public servant, Governor William W. Scranton. Governor Scranton served his home area, our Commonwealth and our country with distinction and with honor. As a Congressman and as Governor, he prioritized education, economic development and job creation. When he left office after four years as Governor, Pennsylvania’s unemployment rate was one of the lowest ever. Long after he left public office, he continued to devote his considerable skills and energy to helping and promoting Northeastern Pennsylvania and serving the nation in significant appointments that focused on difficult domestic and international issues, including service as UN Ambassador. On behalf of my wife Terese, my mother and the entire Casey family, I extend condolences to Mrs. Scranton, Lieutenant Governor Scranton, Susan, Peter and Joseph.
Today, July 27th, marks the 60th Anniversary of the armistice that halted the hostilities of the Korean War.  I would like to honor the service and sacrifice of the veterans that fought to preserve the freedom of South Korea.  As a nation, we must ensure that we always remember those that fought and died in the “Forgotten War”.
Hospital and nursing home stays can be very stressful times time for older Americans and their families. Pennsylvania’s Medicare beneficiaries shouldn’t have to face the additional burden of thousands in medical bills that Medicare won’t reimburse. Older Americans living on fixed incomes have a reasonable expectation that their reimbursements will not be undermined by a bureaucratic shell game. Passing this legislation will ensure those reasonable expectations are met.
Proud to stand with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Rep. George Miller, and Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards to call for an increase in the minimum wage- Good for workers, families & economy #MWRaise
Hit It Toomey 10 - Scrantonicity 20. Great game!
Story on economic opportunities in PA, highlights importance of workforce development.
The American Mustache Institute’s decision confirmed what we already knew- that Pittsburgh is not only one of the country’s most livable cities but one of the most stylish. From the Handlebar to the Horseshoe, Pittsburghers can do it all. With football season around the corner, this announcement will up the pressure on the Steelers’  Brett Keisel to grow something truly extraordinary this year.
We all owe a debt of gratitude to this Lancaster teen.
Best of luck to Emma and Bryce, finalists in The Great American NO BULL Challenge.
The Small BREW Act is about helping smaller breweries create jobs and compete. This part of our tax code hasn’t been updated since 1976 yet the market has changed drastically. Smaller breweries like Allentown Brew Works are attracting customers with innovative, local products and it’s critical that our tax system supports that effort. As a member of the Senate Finance Committee I’m going to work to get this bill on the Senate floor this year. http://1.usa.gov/12AN9XC
Wilkes-Barre police has made a significant effort to reduce crime and keep the community safe. It’s incumbent upon Congress to make sure police officers have the necessary resources to do their jobs. The law enforcement cuts that the House is proposing are wholly irresponsible and will make the job of police officers more challenging. I’m urging the Senate to reject these cuts and ensure that police departments like Wilkes-Barre have the tools they need to combat crime.  http://1.usa.gov/18dOic1
The backlog has been a persistent and inexcusable problem. Our nation’s heroes shouldn't have to wait for months or more for their claims to be addressed. Veterans deserve a comprehensive and permanent solution to this and our hope is that this Working Group will help ensure we reach that goal.
It was inspiring meeting with the Children’s Congress and those fighting for a cure for type 1 diabetes. #T1D
Today’s bipartisan vote to send the Employment Non-Discrimination Act to the Senate floor is an important step to ensure employees are judged on their performance, rather than who they are. I hope the Senate acts swiftly to take up and pass this important legislation. #ENDA embodies the American ideal of fairness: employees should be judged on their skills and abilities in the workplace, and not on their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Slashing Amtrak’s funding by one third at a time of increasing ridership will hurt Pennsylvania’s economy and reduce service along the Northeast Corridor. Amtrak adds a $200 million boost to our state’s economy every year and employs over 2,000 people. It is imperative that we make smart decisions about the budget that won't stunt job creation or harm the economy. - http://1.usa.gov/157Q5ZU
Happy July 4th Pennsylvania, the birthplace of freedom. Let us honor our troops for protecting the greatest nation on earth.
During this challenging period in Egypt’s transition, I urge all parties to refrain from violence in the wake of today’s events.  I am hopeful that the path forward will allow for peaceful political transition under a civilian leadership that leads to an election process that is inclusive, transparent and reflects the will of the Egyptian people.  Elections, however, are but one step in the democratic process – the new transitional authority must engage constructively with all political actors and finally begin the hard work of building democratic institutions that remain severely underdeveloped throughout Egypt.    In April, I traveled to Egypt and saw firsthand the economic and political challenges in the country.  As the largest Arab country, what happens in Egypt matters for the rest of the Middle East. Democratic reform will take time following years of autocratic rule by Mubarak and democratic backsliding in recent years.  During this tenuous period, the U.S. should be vigilant in support of the democratic process, a free and open press and minority rights in the country.  With responsible leadership, a constructive opposition, and vibrant dialogue among all political actors, Egypt can once again emerge as a genuine leader in the region and a valued partner of the United States.
As we approach July 4th it’s important to remember that there are far too many children in Northeastern Pennsylvania and across the country who are hungry. This is a program that can help children get the food they need during the summer months when school is out. Too many parents are missing out on this program. We need to raise awareness about it so that every child eligible for summer meals can get them. http://1.usa.gov/12dP1ke
As part of our celebration of black history month in 2012, I paid tribute to Bill Gray’s life of service.
I am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former Congressman Bill Gray. Bill continued his father’s ministry by serving as Pastor of the Bright Hope Baptist Church. As a member of Congress, he was a tireless advocate for  the people of Philadelphia and a trailblazer for a new generation of African American elected officials. Bill Gray was the first African American to serve as Chairman of the Budget Committee and Majority Whip. His leadership in Congress against apartheid in South Africa is felt today in a country where a free people live in a thriving democracy. After his career in Congress, he played a major role in advancing diversity in higher education at the United Negro College Fund where he helped countless young people achieve the dream of an education.  As part of our celebration of black history month in 2012, I paid tribute to his life of service. My thoughts and prayers are with Congressman Gray’s family.
The Supreme Court’s decision was a blow to equal access to the vote. I’m calling on Congress to immediately come together on a plan that would restore voter protections and ensure all Americans have equal protections when it comes to voting. In 2006, Congress reauthorized the Voting Rights Act in a nearly unanimous fashion. It’s time for Congress to come together in that same bipartisan spirit and fix this egregious ruling. Countless Americans fought and some died to secure the protections in the Voting Rights Act. We can’t just honor those courageous actions in words, we must also come together to make sure those protections are a staple of our laws.
Gettysburg was the site of one of the most defining battles in our nation’s history, so it is only fitting that the Senate honors the 150th anniversary of the battle. We owe a great debt to those who fought and died there to preserve our nation and in the pursuit of liberty for all Americans. I am glad Senator Toomey has joined me to commemorate this historic occasion. -  http://1.usa.gov/152sDQ1
Today, after many weeks of debate, the Senate passed the bipartisan Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S. 744).
This legislation will help Pennsylvania’s thriving clean energy industry which has a proven track record of creating jobs and enhancing our state’s economy. Putting more clean energy infrastructure in place and making it easier for businesses to transport their goods using natural gas powered vehicles will reduce emissions and improve business’ bottom lines. I’m encouraging the Administration to leverage Pennsylvania’s clean energy resources in an effort to reduce our country’s reliance on foreign oil and spark substantial job growth.
The Supreme Court made the right decision in striking down the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) this morning.     As a U.S. Senator representing Pennsylvania, I have read many letters written to me by #LGBT Pennsylvanians and their families who want nothing more than equal rights under the law.  These letters included deeply personal statements from people across our Commonwealth and had a substantial impact on my decision to support marriage equality.    I believe the Supreme Court’s ruling on #DOMA was a critical step in strengthening equal rights for all.
Glad #SCOTUS made the right decision on #DOMA to strengthen equal rights for all.
Seventy-five years ago, as the U.S. was still to emerge from the Great Depression, a major worker rights law was enacted.  The Fair Labor Standards Act incorporated a number of important provisions including the establishment of a minimum wage.
June is PTSD Awareness Month. Take the Step to know more about PTSD. Do it for yourself, a loved one, a neighbor. Visit the National Center for PTSD Web site for ideas: host an event, post a flyer, share information, and stay informed. http://www.ptsd.va.gov/about/ptsd-awareness/ptsd_awareness_month.asp
Pennsylvania has quickly become a leader in alternative energy which has had a substantial impact on jobs and economic growth. My legislation can help Pennsylvania take the next step in the development of alternative fuels. Putting in place more clean energy infrastructure and making it easier for businesses to transport their goods using alternative energy will help these businesses grow and create jobs. - http://1.usa.gov/12leK9X
With improvements to SW PA’s locks and dams at stake, I called on the House to pass a bill with my key provisions that could significantly upgrade the region’s locks and dams and create jobs. Read More: http://1.usa.gov/183rhHL
Today is World Refugee Day, a recognition of the millions of people displaced by conflict worldwide, who show remarkable resilience in the face of tremendous adversity.  We also recognize the dedication of humanitarian aid workers who tirelessly protect and promote the rights of refugees around the world.  They help reunite families, keep children in school, and ensure that refugees have shelter, food, medical care, and clean water.    This day is especially significant, given the ongoing, violent conflict in Syria.  Since 2011, the Assad regime’s brutality has pushed more than 1.6 million Syrians to seek refuge in neighboring countries, while millions more are displaced inside Syria.  When I visited the Kilis refugee camp in southern Turkey in April, I heard from Syrians who, more than anything, want an end to the conflict.  They are ready to return to their homes and begin rebuilding.  They want a democratic, peaceful Syria free from Assad’s oppression.  I am proud to support legislation, like the Syria Transition Support Act of 2013, which would authorize the U.S. to do more to meet the humanitarian needs of these refugees and to bring the conflict to an end.
Paying for college is a major burden for families and students, and Congress shouldn't add to that by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double. Congress should come together around a bipartisan solution to prevent student loan rates from doubling which would prevent a significant challenge for families and hurt the economy. With ten days to go, it’s critical that Congress take immediate steps to protect families and students.
Seniors are particularly vulnerable to financial scams so it’s vital that the federal government take steps to protect them. This legislation will provide a strong deterrent to would be scammers who would prey upon seniors. Seniors represent a disproportionate amount of all fraud cases and the cost of these crimes has been trending upwards. What’s needed is strong laws that make the consequences of these financial scams daunting.
Paying for college is a major burden for families and students, and Congress shouldn’t add to that by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double. Congress has a chance to work in a bipartisan fashion to prevent student loan rates from doubling which would prevent a significant challenge for families and hurt the economy. With two weeks to go, it’s critical that Congress take immediate steps to protect families and students.  http://1.usa.gov/11GR7so
The Great Allegheny Passage is truly a unique path through a significant corridor. I encourage Pennsylvanians and all Americans to enjoy the natural beauty of America by visiting the Great Allegheny Passage, now, and for years to come.
In Lancaster to push for passage of my new, bipartisan small business jobs bill.
Today, June 14th, is an important day in our nation’s history.  On this day in 1775, the Continental Congress, which met in Philadelphia, created our Army when it authorized the enlistment of riflemen to serve the colonies. Two years later in 1777, the Continental Congress would adopt the flag of the United States, which according to tradition, was created by Betsy Ross, a fellow Pennsylvanian.  On this profound day of significance for our nation, I wish the United States Army a happy 238th Birthday and every citizen a happy Flag Day. As a Pennsylvanian, I am proud to say that both these events have their origins in our state.
Congress needs to come together in a bipartisan fashion to prevent this significant rate hike on student loans before July 1st. Doubling the rate for federally subsidized college loans would be bad for students and families and could have a serious impact on the economy. With the cost of higher education rising, it’s important that Congress stake steps to prevent this rate hike. I’m hopeful that Democrats and Republicans can reach consensus on this issue.
Women performing the same work as men deserve to be paid the same wages. In Pennsylvania and across the country, families depend on women’s salaries. The pay gap harms those families and limits our nation’s economic growth.  Despite the support of the majority of the Senate, the Paycheck Fairness Act failed to pass last year. I will continue to fight for the Paycheck Fairness Act to begin to close the pay gap in Pennsylvania where women make only 77 cents for every dollar a man makes. This gap hits middle class families in the pocketbook and hurts our economy.
Today we commemorate the 69th Anniversary of the D-Day landing in France and the sacrifice of over 9,000 Allied men who were killed or wounded in the pursuit of freeing occupied Europe from Nazi Germany.  We must never forget those Americans who would never return to our nation and remain interred on the shores of Normandy to this day.  Sixty-nine years later, we continue to lose World War II veterans at a current rate of over 650 a day.  Many of these brave service members may be gone, but we must ensure that they are never forgotten.
One way to help #SaveSarah and others in her position is to raise awareness about organ donation.
NA
Thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the building collapse in Philadelphia and the rescue workers on the scene.
My top priority continues to be job creation, and this bill is a common-sense step to incentivize small businesses to hire. Passing these measures will help create jobs and boost economic growth across the country. Helping small businesses expand and fueling the economy is something both Republicans and Democrats should support.
NA
I was saddened to learn of the passing of my friend and colleague, Senator Frank R. Lautenberg. I had the honor and privilege of working with him in the Senate, including a 2009 Congressional delegation trip to Israel and Turkey. The trip greatly contributed to our understanding of the Middle East Peace Process, and Frank’s presence was invaluable to our delegation. He was a tireless advocate for the people of New Jersey, and his efforts in important areas such as public health, education, transportation and veterans will leave a lasting legacy. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Bonnie, his children and his grandchildren.
Speaking this morning at the John P. Murtha Breakfast.
On the floor at the Showcase For Commerce with Secretary Shyu.
NA
Today let us honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. I give thanks to these heroes and all of our servicemembers and families who give so much to keep us safe and free.
With a decision looming on a new air traffic control facility that could bolster Tobyhanna’s future, I invited Department of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood to personally tour the Army Depot.
 
 Locating an air traffic control facility at Tobyhanna would substantially strengthen the depot’s position as a key element of our Nation’s defense infrastructure. Tobyhanna’s highly skilled workforce makes it an ideal location for this $200 million facility that has the potential to create jobs and grow the region’s economy.
Too many of our brave men and women in uniform return home only to struggle to find employment in civilian life. We should do everything we can to help our veterans who have sacrificed so much to find employment. That’s why I’m introducing bipartisan legislation, the Help Veterans Own Franchises Act, to make it easier for veterans to start a small business.
Pennsylvanians and Americans across the country deserve to know that the IRS and all government agencies do their jobs without prejudice or political agenda. I intend to hold accountable those responsible for any breach of the taxpayer’s trust. Today, as a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I directly questioned top IRS officials about what took place, who was responsible and what steps are being taken to ensure this never happens again. It is apparent that there were stunning issues of mismanagement at the IRS. Frankly, I was struck by the lack of responsibility and contrition on the part of those testifying today before the Committee. I intend to work with Chairman Baucus and members the Committee on both sides of the aisle to ensure that the American people get the answers they deserve and every appropriate step is taken to rebuild and restore public confidence in this institution.
Please visit fema.gov to learn how you can help those affected by the Oklahoma tornadoes.
Interstate 81 is a key part of Pennsylvania’s economy and it’s critical to find all the answers about last week’s crash. An investigation by the NTSB could help increase awareness about risks along I-81 and provide more details on how this accident occurred.
NA
Check out my op-ed in today’s Pittsburgh Post-Gazette about reinvesting in our waterways.
Good meeting with Congreso, also enjoyed working on my jump shot with the kids.
NA
When a member of our armed forces is called to serve, their spouses and families serve along with them with remarkable fortitude, resilience, and selflessness. Military spouses often make tremendous sacrifices, and many put their careers after those of their spouses in uniform. Acknowledging all that military spouses give to our nation, I introduced the Military Spouse Job Continuity Act of 2013. To all of our military spouses in Pennsylvania, and throughout the nation, thank you for all that you do!
NA
Our Commonwealth was deeply and uniquely impacted by the tragic events of September 11th. The USS Somerset is named to honor the courageous passengers and crew of United Airlines Flight 93 who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. Through the actions of these brave individuals, they prevented terrorist hijackers from reaching their target destination. We have taken great pride in our role to ensure that this sacrifice is never forgotten. I’m pleased that our state will have the honor of having this ship begin its service in the Port of Philadelphia.
Witness intimidation is a cowardly crime that has a chilling effect on the work of our region’s law enforcement. This legislation will give law enforcement and prosecutors additional tools to combat witness intimidation. I’m hopeful we’ll get a bipartisan consensus to pass this legislation this year.
After a decade of war, and despite the VA’s efforts to modernize, more than 600,000 veterans are still stuck in the VA’s disability claims backlog. While the average wait time for first time disability claims currently ranges between 316 and 327 days, veterans in certain parts of the country are waiting even longer….. Solving this problem is critical for veterans of all generations. We need direct and public involvement from you to establish a clear plan to end the backlog once and for all.
Every worker deserves to be confident that while doing their jobs, their employers are doing everything they can to protect them. And no employer who provides a safe workplace should be at a competitive disadvantage to those that take short cuts and disregard safety laws at the expense of safety.
U.S. Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) unveiled a new law to make witness intimidation a federal crime and provide grants to local law enforcement to better protect witnesses. Casey detailed how passage of this federal law, the State Witness Protection Act, could help local law enforcement better protect witnesses and reduce crime. Senator Casey was joined by Leland Kent, Executive Director of Victim, Witness and Neighborhood Services for the Philadelphia District Attorney's office.
While visiting Louie's, I pushed for passage of my bill to promote construction and retail improvements for restaurants and small businesses - http://1.usa.gov/ZRTbxL
In case you missed Morning Joe.
Grateful to law enforcement in #Boston and thoughts and prayers with the victims of this tragedy.
When a military family is asked to move as part of their service to our country, the government should be doing everything possible to make that transition seamless. This tax credit would reduce one of the burdens military families face when they move. Congress should pass it right away.
NA
I was very disappointed that the Senate today chose to reject sensible gun legislation to keep our children and communities safe from violent criminals and terrorists.  Like many Americans, after Sandy Hook, I was horrified by how those children died - shot at close range with a high-powered rifle with each child hit as many as 11 times. I was also haunted by what could have happened if the killer had more time - he was prepared to slaughter hundreds of children. As members of the U.S Senate, we must ask: have I done enough to reduce the likelihood that this never happens again? We must do more to protect our kids.   I am a strong defender of the Second Amendment.  Pennsylvania has a rich tradition of hunting and I believe strongly that people should be able have guns for protection, sporting and collection.  But, I also believe we need sensible gun legislation that will help to prevent these tragedies.  This should not be the end of the road.  We owe it to our children to redouble our efforts to do everything in our power to prevent another tragedy.
My thoughts and prayers are with the City of Boston especially the victims and families impacted by these tragic events. I commend the first responders and volunteers who undoubtedly saved lives in the aftermath of the explosions.  We must ensure that those responsible for this act of terror are brought to swift justice.
Deepening the Delaware is a once in a generation opportunity for major job creation and economic growth. It’s vital that the Senate Appropriations Committee maintain this investment. I made the case for deepening the Delaware to the President personally and I’m pleased his budget includes $20 million to move the project forward. I’ll be pushing Congress relentlessly to ensure that the federal government’s commitment to this project remains.
Deepening the Delaware is a once in a generation opportunity for major job creation and economic growth.
NA
NA
I want to encourage all eligible Pennsylvanians to file for the Earned Income Tax Credit. The Earned Income Tax credit plays a key role in boosting economic growth and sustaining job creation across our state. Having more eligible Pennsylvanians take advantage of this tax credit will have a positive impact on the economy.
When the Respect for Marriage Act (the legislation that repeals the Defense of Marriage Act [DOMA]) was first introduced and debated in the Senate in 2011, I began to focus on the issue of same-sex marriage much more intensely than I had before. As a candidate for the Senate in 2006 and 2012, and as a Senator, I have supported civil unions.  I also supported strongly the repeal of Don’t Ask Don’t Tell (DADT), was a leading co-sponsor of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), and had stated publicly that I opposed efforts to enact constitutional prohibitions on same-sex marriage. In the six years I have been in the Senate, there have not been any floor votes to repeal DOMA or to legalize same-sex marriage.  Both questions have now been argued before the Supreme Court and are being debated across our country.  After much deliberation and after reviewing the legal, public policy, and civil rights questions presented, I support marriage equality for same-sex couples and believe that DOMA should be repealed.   As part of my consideration of these issues, I read letters written to me by LGBT Pennsylvanians and their families.  These letters included deeply personal statements from people across our Commonwealth and the questions they posed challenged me directly.  These stories had a substantial impact on my position on this issue. If two people of the same sex fall in love and want to marry, why would our government stand in their way? At a time when many Americans lament a lack of commitment in our society between married men and women, why would we want less commitment and fewer strong marriages?  If two people of the same sex want to raise children, why would our government prevent them from doing so, especially when so many children have only one parent, or none at all?  A letter I received from a woman in Southeastern Pennsylvania was particularly compelling:  ‘My partner and I are both college educated. I am a stay-at-home mom and part-time kindergarten assistant teacher.  I left a full-time position…when my partner gave birth to our twins to be a stay-at-home mom.  We went through the process of second parent adoption and are both legal parents to our kids.  My partner and I have been in a committed relationship for 18 years.  We attend church every Sunday and we own a house, cars, and are truly blessed by our [two children].  As I do a rough calculation and add up the additional money we have paid in taxes compared to a financially similar heterosexual married couple over the last ten years, that amount approaches $100,000! $100,000 dollars would go a long way towards future retirement or in the college education of my kids.  More important than the financial inequality to me is the message I send to my kids.  My kids have two proud and loving parents who are honest [and] work hard.  I want my kids to know they are equal and our family is equal . . . I just want my family to be treated equally and with respect by my state and federal government.’  As a Senator and as a citizen, I can no longer in good conscience take a position that denies her and her family the full measure of equality and respect.   I understand that many Americans of good will have strong feelings on both sides of this issue. I believe elected public officials have an abiding obligation to refrain from demonizing and dividing people for partisan or political gain. Rather, Democrats and Republicans should come together and find areas of agreement to do what’s best for the country, including lesbian and gay Americans.
Wishing you and your family a blessed and happy Easter!
NA
In case you missed it, my appearance on msnbc's Morning Joe.
Take a look at a few stories about what I have been working on this week.
For those visiting DC this spring, The Library of Congress is displaying the John Hay copy of President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address from now until May 4th.
Today we reflect on the 10-year anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq War. On this solemn occasion, I’d like to recognize the sacrifices made by the thousands of Pennsylvanians who served as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn. Of these men and women, 197 never made it home, and those that did return to their families sometimes bore the visible or invisible wounds of war.  We must never forget the sacrifice that our veterans made for our nation. I remain dedicated in supporting members of our armed forces, our veterans, and their families because they remained dedicated to our nation during times of great adversity and struggle.
The conflict in Syria has entered its third year. The United States Senate should stand with the people of Syria during this critical period– the fall of Assad is not only good for Syria, but will deal a significant blow to Iran and Hezbollah. This bill includes a combination of humanitarian assistance, non-lethal equipment and training for the armed opposition, and sanctions against elements of the regime. The killing and destruction has gone on too long and we need to renew our efforts to support the Syrian people and opposition. Read more here - http://1.usa.gov/WTFrqp
NA
Calling on Congress to pass the ABLE Act. Parents of children with disabilities face daily struggles that we can't even begin to imagine. This legislation will help make it easier for those families to save for their children's care and for their future. The ABLE Act will provide families with the financial peace of mind they need, and Congress should pass it immediately. You can read more about this bipartisan legislation here - http://1.usa.gov/YbLGnV
Job Corps plays a critical role in helping at risk youth to be competitive in the workforce. I called for this hearing as a first step in providing a measure of accountability at the Department of Labor for recent shortfalls. While the Department of Labor has provided some insight into the budgetary gap, more needs to be done to rectify the inadequate financial management of this valuable program. We should not allow bureaucratic mismanagement to prevent qualified young people from getting the training they need to obtain good jobs.
Currently chairing a HELP Subcommittee Hearing on the Job Corps budget shortfall, watch live at the link below.
NA
At Dunmore Middle School, continuing to push for passage of my Safe Schools Improvement Act
NA
Call for passage of my anti-bullying bill, The Safe Schools Improvement Act
The private sector has recorded job growth for 36 consecutive months, but it is clear that we need to do more to create jobs and grow the economy. It is essential that Republicans and Democrats work together in the coming months to give businesses the certainty they need to hire, expand the economy and move the recovery forward. My top priority continues to be job creation.  That is why I introduced a tax break to incentivize small businesses to hire new workers and increase wages. This measure is a common-sense step to create jobs. Helping small businesses, protecting the middle class and fueling the economy is something that representatives on both sides of the aisle should support.
VAWA, including my Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act, was signed into law today. We have renewed our commitment to supporting all victims of domestic and sexual violence and established new protections for college students.
One of the most important steps we can take for our economy and our children is to invest in early education. Having at least one year of pre-K will better prepare our children in an increasingly competitive global economy. Every child deserves a chance to develop their talents, and a year of pre-K is essential to doing that.
Answering questions now with Washington Post Live at their Children & Families summit. Watch here:
Also, In case you missed it, I wrote an Op-Ed for CNN Opinion on the subject of Bullying that ran this past Sunday.
NA
The Jobs Corps plays a critical role in helping at-risk youth be competitive in the workforce, and there are still too many unanswered questions about how this shortfall occurred. I look forward to this hearing as a first step in providing a measure of accountability at the Department of Labor for this shortfall.
Just announced a Congressional Hearing into Job Corps shortfall that has impacted over 230 Philadelphia students, Cost 40 Jobs
We need to cut spending but in a smart way. The indiscriminate nature of the sequester will be harmful to Northeastern Pennsylvania. Congress needs to come together on an alternative to the sequester that will reduce our deficit, keep the economy moving forward and protect the vital needs of our region, including our defense industry, our police and our small businesses.
NA
In order to strengthen the economy, we need to reduce the deficit in a balanced way by cutting government waste and closing tax loopholes for wealthy special-interests.
Excellent demo of H2H.Jobs from SGM Wayne Browser; a great resource for service members transitioning to civilian work. Check http://h2h.jobs/ for more info.
Should Republicans and Democrats come together in a more responsible way to cut spending, sustain the economy, and protect the middle class or should the sequester’s across the board cuts remain in place?
Talking about a wide range of issues affecting our veterans and military personnel with the Pennsylvania American Legion.
Good discussion on fighting extreme poverty with PA members of the ONE Campaign. Thank you for your efforts.
NA
Leading economists have warned of the massive impact that the sequester will have on our economy. Allowing these indiscriminate cuts to wreak havoc is inexcusable when there is an alternative. The American people deserve a balanced and reasonable approach that will protect middle class families and create jobs. Like most households, we have to make tough but smart decisions about our finances. Republicans and Democrats need to come together in a responsible way that will cut spending, sustain the economy and protect the middle class.
NA
Hanging out with Google as they help small businesses get online in Philly. Check out http://www.gybo.com/pennsylvania to learn more.
NA
The 135th Annual White House Easter Egg Roll is on Monday, April 1st. As in past years, the White House will conduct an online lottery to choose the lucky winners of tickets. The 2013 lottery opens today and the deadline for entries is Monday, February 25 at 10:00 AM. Signing up for the lottery is free of charge and tickets for winners are free of charge.
Senator Casey visits with employees and takes a tour of the Mack Trucks plant in Macungie, PA.
Speaking with student leaders about my bill to help prevent bullying and harassment in schools.
http://epgn.com/view/full_story/21778254/article-Casey-to-reintroduce-anti-bullying-bill
Helping to raise the flag against bullying with Cartoon Network.
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette - "U.S. Sen. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania gets it, too. On Friday, he was at Station Square championing the repair of aging locks and dams, without which the barge traffic cannot flow. This region has 23 locks and dams and they are among the oldest in the nation. Mr. Casey is proposing a bill in Congress that would modernize the inland waterways system, bringing a payoff for Pittsburgh and the nation."
Just unveiled major legislation to upgrade the region's locks and dams - http://1.usa.gov/Wv3B7e
It was an honor to be with the Rosenstock Family this morning, to honor Private First Class Philip Rosenstock for his service and dedication to our country during World War I. It was during these battles that Philip was wounded not just once, but twice, earning the Purple Heart and an oak leaf cluster. The first time was the result of a gas attack, the second time was a gunshot wound. As Philip returned home and began a new life, his love for his country resonated to the next generation of his son, Martin, who is here today to accept these medals in honor of his father. Martin Rosenstock who in his own right, served honorably during WWII as Bombardier on a B17 and flew 35 missions in 80 days. I want to humbly thank both Martin and Philip for their service, and present these long over-due honors to the Rosenstock family.
I was happy to sit down today to meet with Treasury Secretary nominee Jack Lew.  I took the opportunity to address a range of issues of importance to Pennsylvania and the nation.  I talked to him about the need to get tough on currency manipulation to level the playing field for American manufacturers, the importance of fair trade policy to help create U.S. jobs and the need for responsible tax reform to spur innovation.  Jack is a dedicated and experienced public servant.  Our country faces a host of challenges and I am confident the Jack Lew is the right man for the job.  I will strongly support his confirmation.
NA
NA
I was gratified that the President made jobs the focus of his address.  While the economy has made good progress, there is no doubt that more needs to be done. I was particularly grateful that he recognized the need for investments in the manufacturing sector.  I have fought to level the playing field for Pennsylvania manufacturers and have called for investments in manufacturing initiatives like the Workforce Investment Act (WIA) programs, Research and Development Tax Credit, the National Export Initiative, and the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership.  It is imperative that Republicans and Democrats work together on a balanced approach to reduce the deficit while making smart investments in manufacturing, education, small business and R&D that will continue to create jobs.
I am honored to have the chance to serve on the Senate Finance Committee where I will continue to fight for Pennsylvania priorities. This assignment means I will have a seat at the table in addressing responsible tax reform to spur innovation, create jobs and promote economic growth. I will also be in an even better position to continue my efforts to level the playing field for American manufacturers through reasonable trade policy, ensure essential programs like Medicare work for current and future beneficiaries, incentivize research and development and protect our future by providing children with access to affordable health care.
With Vice President Joe Biden for a roundtable discussion with local police and state prosecutors.
Thanks to Pratt & Whitney for the tour, your Middletown plant is a testament to the quality workforce here in PA.
NA
The Violence Against Women Act is a bipartisan piece of legislation that has helped countless victims of domestic violence in our nation and across Pennsylvania. Congress should pass it right away. I’m pleased that this bill contains the Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act which I authored to bring much-needed reforms and resources to victims of domestic and sexual violence on college campuses.
As we give thanks for every soldier who returns home, we must honor their sacrifice with a commitment to provide every resource possible to help them recover from injuries incurred during their service. Caregivers are an essential part of the recovery of wounded veterans, and FMLA will continue to ensure caregivers of veterans have access to job-protected leave to support our heroes.
I wanted to take the time to update you on a few things I have been working on this week. Below you will find a collection of articles covering my work here in the Senate and  across the Commonwealth.
After sending service members to war, we have the responsibility to care for them when they return. If you or someone you know requires help, please call 1-800-273-8255 and Press 1 or visit http://www.veteranscrisisline.net/ We must do our part to ensure our returning veterans receive the care, training and support they need and deserve.
The Keystone Job Corps plays a critical role in helping at risk youth get the skills they need to compete for jobs. The Department of Labor’s enrollment freeze is a step in the wrong direction. Unemployment in Pennsylvania is still too high. At a time like this we need to be doing all we can to help residents get jobs, not taking steps to make finding work more difficult.
NA
I am proud to cast my vote in support of John Kerry’s nomination to serve as Secretary of State.  Senator Kerry has always answered our nation’s call to duty – in the Vietnam war as a young Navy Lieutenant and decorated hero; in Massachusetts as a skilled prosecutor and as Lieutenant Governor; and in the United States Senate as a leader on the Foreign Relations Committee.  In some respects, Senator Kerry has been preparing for this role as a statesman his whole life.  During this critical time in world affairs, we need able diplomats capable of navigating complicated relationships in pursuit of U.S. interests.  Senator Kerry acutely understands these challenges.  He has deep relationships with key leaders all over the world and is well positioned to hit the ground running on day one.  Finally, I am grateful that during his confirmation hearing, Senator Kerry underscored his work on some of the foreign policy priorities that we both share – combatting the proliferation of roadside bombs in Afghanistan, and supporting the plight of women and girls in that country.  I look forward to working with him in his new role on these issues. I appreciate Senator Kerry’s willingness to once again answer his country’s call to duty and look forward to working closely with him on a host of foreign policy challenges facing our country.
There is no justification for paying women less for the same work as their male counterparts. Not only does this disparity burden women and their families during their working years, but it also jeopardizes retirement and financial security for women later in life and has significant consequences for the overall economy.
NA
My top priority continues to be job creation. This measure is a common-sense step to incentivize small businesses to hire. Helping small businesses expand, protecting the middle class and fueling the economy is something both Republicans and Democrats should support.
Stan Musial was a great baseball player and an excellent representative for our state.
I join the entire region in welcoming our heroes home to Southwestern Pennsylvania after their brave service in Operation Enduring Freedom. Over and over again Pennsylvanians from the 911th Airlift Wing - Pittsburgh IAP ARS have stepped up to serve our nation. The homecoming is a reminder of the sacrifices our troops make every day and the indispensable role played by the 911th.
While I want to closely examine the executive and legislative proposals set forth by the President, they include some very positive and reasonable steps to address the problem.  The American people deserve a thoughtful effort to reach a comprehensive solution to address gun violence.  It is critical that this includes increased funding for local law enforcement programs like the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) Program, the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants (JAG) Program, and the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program, as well as measures to address mental health.  I continue to be a strong supporter of the Second Amendment, and believe in the right of citizens to own guns for their own protection as well as for hunting, recreation, and collection.   Nonetheless, after reflecting on the power of the weapon and the number of bullets that hit each child in Sandy Hook, the reinstatement of a ban on military-style weapons and high capacity magazines are two common-sense steps that I support.  Moving forward, my hope is that Republicans and Democrats will come together and act in response to this tragedy.  I remain optimistic that the sense of urgency we all felt after Sandy Hook will not be diminished by time or any partisan battles.
Our brave law enforcement officers are doing all they can to combat crime, but they need adequate resources to do their jobs.  Funding these law enforcement programs will put more cops on the beat and ensure that our officers have the equipment they need to keep Pennsylvanians safe.
Talking with Dave Williams on PA Farm Country Radio.
NA
Senator Casey invites you to a FREE seminar at the Pennsylvania Farm Show designed to assist Pennsylvanians in learning to avoid being victimized by scams. Click the link below for details.
NA
NA
While this deal is far from perfect, the Senate took the appropriate steps to protect the middle class and keep in place common sense measures - like the earned income tax credit and unemployment insurance - that will help keep the economy on track. I am hopeful that the House will do the same.  While we may have avoided some of the immediate catastrophic consequences of the fiscal cliff, there is much more work to be done.  Moving forward, Republicans and Democrats need to come together to reduce the deficit in smart and responsible ways that protect working families and continue to create jobs.
