Yesterday’s raid on Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty (RFE/RL’s) #Baku bureau continues the recent and deeply disturbing trend of the government of #Azerbaijan to silence dissenting voices within the country, and comes on the heels of the recent arrest and pre-trial detention of Khadija #Ismayilova, an investigative journalist and contributor to RFE/RL’s #Azerbaijani Service.  Once again, we call on the Azerbaijani authorities to immediately end their harassment of journalists and to respect the commitments they have made in the past, as a participating State in the OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
From my family to yours, #happyholidays. I send special thanks to the men and women away from their families this time of year-protecting our communities and serving our country.
I join the millions of Americans sickened and grieving after this weekend’s senseless murder of two members of the #NYPD. Law enforcement officers put their lives on the line daily to defend the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. The attack on Officers #Ramos and #Liu was a heinous attack on two brave public servants and the rule of law. My thoughts and prayers are with the Ramos and Liu families, the entire City of #NewYork, and all law enforcement who serve honorably to protect our communities.
Good to see #Baltimore announced as a Official Concacaf  #GoldCup2015 host city. Baltimore knows #football & #Fútbol
When you're fighting for #humanrights you can't be quiet about it. The world wasn't quiet and Alan Gross is home.
What did you think of President Barack Obama's comments regarding our future relationship with #Cuba?
Good to be on hand to welcome #AlanGross back to #MD
I join the international community in condemning the terrorist attack on The #ArmyPublic School in #Peshawar, #Pakistan. The targeting of innocents, in this case students and teachers, is beyond reprehensible. My thoughts and prayers go out to the grieving families, as well as the people of Pakistan as they recover from this tragedy.    The United States and its allies will remain steadfast in our resistance to those who resort to this type of heinous attack. We reaffirm our commitment to countering violent extremism and bringing those responsible to justice.
Follow U.S. Helsinki Commission on Twitter at @HelsinkiComm.
#ICYMI; I sat down with Alex Witt yesterday to discuss the #Cromniubs
The U.S. Helsinki Commission has joined twitter. They're worth following for the latest on #humanrights and good governance in the OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe region.
College GameDay live from the Baltimore Inner Harbor! Two great schools, an amazing tradition but- there can only be 1 winner.   #GoNavy
On this #HumanRightsDay, I would like to thank those who stand up for fundamental and universal principles.  From the repression of journalists in #Azerbaijan and #China, to the brutal regimes in #NorthKorea and #Uzbekistan, we must stand together in condemnation of injustice and continue the urgent task of fostering an international community where every person has the same equal opportunities to contribute to mankind. The United States must lead the international community in advancing human rights.  But our international leadership must start at home.   We cannot afford to overlook the human rights issues in our own backyard. This Congress I was proud to introduce several pieces of legislation that address our own challenges—legislation to end #racialprofiling at every level of law enforcement, legislation to  restore the right to vote to Americans who have served their time, and legislation that would create a Constitutional Amendment to give women full and equal rights under our constitution. In the upcoming Congress, I will work across the aisle to ensure that human rights remain at the forefront of every discussion.
Would like to welcome Chris Van Hollen to the Bicameral Task Force on #ClimateChange. With Henry Waxman retiring at the end of this Congress, Chris Van Hollen (D-#MD-08) will be joining as the new lead co-chair in the House of Representatives.   As Marylanders, we see the threats climate change pose to our state where 70 percent of residents live within coastal areas and the prospect of sea level rise and intense storms pose a serious risk.  Chris has demonstrated his leadership on this issue by proposing cap and dividend legislation, as well as a strong track record working to restore the health of the #ChesapeakeBay.  I look forward to our work together on the Task Force. #ActOnClimate
Proud to stand with U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Representative Elijah E. Cummings Chris Van Hollen Dutch Ruppersberger  Congressman John Sarbanes and the Stats of Maryland in announcing a $15 million grant through the U.S. Department of Education's Preschool Development Grant program to provide high-quality preschool programs in 18 school districts across Maryland.  We never get do-overs when it comes to our children's early development, which makes this federal grant to strengthen and expand preschool programs in targeted #Maryland communities incredibly important. Our goal is to ensure that all 4-year-olds have the chance to acquire the learning skills they need to be successful later in life. Together, we can make certain that the window of opportunity doesn't close on Maryland students before it ever opens.
Yesterday- I went to the #Senate floor to urge my colleagues to help me #EndRacialProfiling.    After the recent events in #Ferguson, Missouri, and New York City , which were heaped on top of incidents in Florida, California, and elsewhere around the country, it’s no wonder that people – especially people of color – are losing confidence that we have a system where all of our citizens are treated equally under the law. The initial suspicion for many is that individuals were stopped solely because of the color of their skin, not because they were observed in criminal activities. That's discriminatory profiling, and it’s just plain wrong...  Watch the full speech.
I applaud the agreement reached between the United States and France to compensate those who survived deportation from #France by SNCF  but who, as non-nationals of France, were excluded from previous compensation programs.  The agreement shows that the quest to right the wrongs of the past is still ongoing and, most importantly, it is still possible to achieve some measure of justice for those who suffered so terribly. For some people around the world the #Holocaust may be history, for those who have survived the horror is still very real.  In March, one of those who survived the war-time deportations, Leo Bretholz of Maryland, passed away. Leo escaped from a train transporting him to almost certain death. He spent the rest of the war fighting the #Nazi regime and helping others escape. In his later years, Leo worked with members of the Maryland General Assembly o secure reparations for Holocaust survivors who were transported to the camps on #French railways. I take solace in knowing that his already incredible legacy lives on through this agreement.
I am deeply concerned about the detention of Khadija #Ismayilova who has been the target of unrelenting persecution by the government of #Azerbaijan because of her efforts to expose corruption within the country, as well as her advocacy on behalf of political prisoners. The current charges against her are bizarre and only seem designed to silence one of the few independent voices left in Azerbaijan.  The current charge levied against Ms. Ismayilova of ‘incitement to suicide’ is just an escalation of the years of harassment by the authorities that she has endured.   As a participating State of the  OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  Azerbaijan has committed to respecting human rights – including freedom of the media – and the U.S. Helsinki Commission once again calls on the government of Azerbaijan to live up to its promises and immediately end its harassment of all journalists, including Ms. Ismayilova.  U.S. Helsinki Commission
Sending my most heartfelt condolences to all those affected by #TyphoonRuby/Hagupit in the #Philippines. #RubyPH
Today I was joined by Julian Castro of The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Dutch Ruppersberger and Stephanie Rawlings-Blake at The Baltimore Station to announce federal funding to help end #veteran homelessness.   This funding is a positive step toward ensuring that all of our veterans are off the streets and receive the proper training they need to re-enter the civilian work force.   Those who fought to defend this nation should not have to fight for a roof over their head when they return
"...you have to keep moving forward."
The OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe Ministerial this year has been exceptional. I welcome the fact that an overwhelming majority of #OSCE countries condemned the unlawful occupation of #Crimea, defended the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, and called for Russia to end its support for violence in eastern Ukraine. Russia’s illegal activities in Ukraine have violated the most fundamental principles of the Helsinki Final Act, on which the OSCE is based.    Moving forward, the OSCE must focus on the implementation of its core commitments. The OSCE PA has spoken to this issue by passing a resolution I introduced in July, calling on Russia to cease its clear, gross, and uncorrected violations of Helsinki principles, not only in Ukraine but regarding other neighbors and at home as well.
Thanks to U.S. Senate Democrats and The White House last 57 months of have been the longest uninterrupted stretch of private sector job creation in our nation’s history.   Will continue to work to make it 58.
Proud to work with Andy Harris, M.D. to help secure land to properly honor such a brave American.
Without a Surgeon General our #publichealth is at risk. Well past time for the Senate to confirm #VivekMurthy. #TopDocNow
Congress set to establish the first National Historical Park honoring an African-American woman  The  House and Senate are about to establish The Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Historical Parks in Maryland and New York.  Harriet Tubman was an iconic figure our nation’s history, for whom liberty and freedom were not just ideas. I was proud to partner with Andy Harris to properly honor the legacy of her life’s work and contributions while protecting Marylanders’ rights. More than 100 years after her death, Harriet Tubman will become the first African-American woman and first individual woman to have a National Historical Park named in her honor. It’s a great day for the Eastern Shore and our country.
Today is #WorldDisabilityday. The world watches what the U.S. does and ratifying the #CRPD represents an unparalleled opportunity to protect the rights of all people with disabilities, and protecting our own citizens when they are on foreign soil. When we considered the CRPD in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, we added language that explicitly reiterates that the treaty would not require changes to existing U.S. law.  This isn’t a race to the bottom that ends up hurting Americans; this is a challenge to other countries to treat people with disabilities the way we do here in America.  Today is also a chance to thank those advocating #PWD rights worldwide, including Senator Tom Harkin, a true hero to many.   Thank you.
Proud to #StandWithPeggy. Families shouldn't have to choose between a healthy pregnancy and paying the bills.
Today, 835AM ET, I will be live on C-SPAN Washington Journal discussing #executiveaction on #immigration and the upcoming guidance from the The United States Department of Justice regarding #racialprofiling in the wake of the #MichaelBrown grand jury decision.
Tomorrow- 12/3/14 930AM-  I will be chairing a Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs hearing entitled Evaluating the Impact of the '#UmbrellaMovement'  Last month Marco Rubio and I were among the original cosponsors of the S. 2922, the #HongKong Human Rights and #Democracy Act, a bipartisan bill that would renew the United States’ commitment to Hong Kong’s freedom and democracy. In addition, Cardin and Rubio sent a letter to President #Obama, prior to his trip to Asia, urging that he “make human rights and the need for political reform in China a key element of [his] discussions with President Xi.”  http://goo.gl/yH0mvM
Very good piece from Snap Judgment on Chiune Sugihara, a Japanese diplomat who saved thousands of Jews from near certain death during the Second World War.
I wanted to take a moment this #GivingTuesday to remember a truly amazing woman. Bea Gaddy showed us that the good that can come from giving of our time and talents is limitless. Ms. Gaddy, “The Mother Theresa of Baltimore”, will forever be a symbol of the positive power of charity and public service.       http://goo.gl/cw7z0O
Great news, the #NoSecretDeals campaign is still going strong. Publish What You Pay
It's #GivingTuesday. Remember, #MarylandGivesMore!
NA
NA
***Watch Live Now***  Subcommittee on #Water and #Wildlife entitled, “Innovation and the Utilities of the Future: How Local Water Treatment Facilities are Leading the Way to Better Manage #Wastewater and Water Supplies.”
Fred Hiatt's piece in the Washington Post on U.S. Helsinki Commission efforts to highlight the plight of political prisoners in #Uzbekistan.  "The country is #Uzbekistan, one of the Central Asian nations that emerged out of the wreckage of the Soviet Union in 1991.  It has brought some unique touches to the conduct of a dictatorship. When political prisoners have served their full terms, they often have their sentences extended for violations such as improperly peeling carrots in the prison kitchen or failing to sweep their cells correctly."
Twenty-six years ago, during the first #WorldAIDSDay, an #HIV/ #AIDS diagnosis was a death sentence to many around the world. Today, in 2014, advances in treatment and massive changes in our collective response to the AIDS pandemic have transformed our ability to prevent and treat one of the most dreadful diseases we’ve ever seen.   An HIV/AIDS free generation is within our reach.   The United States must remain a global leader in the fight for an HIV/AIDS free generation. At home, we must commit to investing in the treatment and testing to save lives in the U.S. and worldwide. Right here in Maryland, National Institutes of Health (NIH) Johns Hopkins Medicine and the University of Maryland are on the cutting edge of producing the next generation of treatments.   One major component of America’s success in the fight against HIV/AIDS has been The U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) , a bipartisan vision of the Congressional Black Caucus and President George W. Bush. #PEPFAR has become the largest commitment by any nation to combat a single disease internationally, and it has saved millions of lives.  An HIV/AIDS-free generation is within our reach but only if we continue our all-out, coordinated attack on the disease. HIV/AIDS is not yet beaten and the challenges before us continue to be great, but I am confident that they can be overcome.
On this #smallbizsat I'm proud to serve on the Senate Small Business Committee Democrats and to #shopsmall in #FellsPoint.
Very pleased the Senate has passed H.R 699 A Bill To Improve The Health Of Children And Help Better Understand And Enhance Awareness About Unexpected Sudden Death In Early Life.    The bipartisan, no cost, legislation introduced in the Senate by Sherrod Brown amends the Public Health Service Act to help enhance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life. The legislation provides for the continued development and updating of standard protocols and data collection related to stillbirths and sudden unexpected deaths in infants and children.  Every year close to 30,000 children are lost to stillbirth or sudden unexpected infant death, in more than half of these cases there is no known cause. America is the wealthiest nation in the world, yet our high infant mortality rate ranks 26th out of 29 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member states. Passage of this legislation is a strong step towards lowering our infant mortality rate and ensuring more children can live long productive lives.
The only successful outcome is where Iran is no longer a nuclear threat, where #Iran has dismantled its nuclear infrastructure, limited its nuclear research and submitted to verifiable inspections without notice. This result is best achieved through diplomacy.  A year ago, #Congress gave the administration the benefit of the doubt and put even more severe sanctions on hold as negotiations pushed forward. To its credit, the administration has kept an international sanctions regime in place and slowed Iran’s breakout capacity.  I am concerned about yet another extension of the negotiations without a commitment by Iran to a satisfactory agreement. An indefinite status quo – limited sanctions relief with no sign of a final agreement – cannot be the end result.  Additional time may very well be used by Iran to harden their defenses and their resolve to become a nuclear weapon state.
"#Ferguson, Missouri, will forever be marked by the needless death of #MichaelBrown. Let’s turn this incident into the spark that launches a change in attitudes and actions rather than a point where violence begets more violence. I join with the Brown family in calling for peaceful protests in the aftermath of the grand jury’s decision.  State and local law enforcement must respect the First Amendment rights of citizens to peaceably assemble, and the rights of the press to report this story.  I call upon all Americans – even those who disagree with the grand jury decision – to respect the role of our jury system and the independence of the courts in deciding legal questions.  “I encourage the Justice Department to continue its civil rights investigation into this case and its broader probe of the Ferguson Police Department.  I urge Attorney General Holder to take immediate action to revise the Justice Department’s guidance so that once and for all racial profiling is prohibited at all levels of law enforcement.  For a more permanent fix, Congress should take up and pass my legislation, the End Racial Profiling Act.” #Fergusondecision
"If we’re going to have less demands in our military and a safer world, we need countries that have sustainable economies and can deal with legitimate concerns of the populace" - Ben on the Millennium Challenge Corporation - MCC Read more:
Thanks NRDC (Natural Resources Defense Council) for all you do.
At Sparrows Point, Maryland celebrating the several generations of workers at the mills and shipyard that built America, just as they built strong #Maryland families.  As we look to the accomplishments of the past at Sparrows Point with reverence, we look to the future of the site with excitement. We have the chance to do incredible things here, both in creating new jobs and clean energy technologies. And I stand ready to help make them happen.
It is our responsibility to speak out against #Antisemitism wherever it exists.
Comprehensive #immigration reform is long overdue. No matter what side of this debate you are on, most of us agree that America’s immigration system is badly broken. What we need is a balanced immigration system that is fair. Border protection alone will not fix all the challenges facing our immigration system.   My strong preference is that Congress sends the President a comprehensive immigration reform bill that he can sign into law. This would provide a more thorough and more permanent solution. I voted for, and the Senate passed, such a bill in June 2013 by a bipartisan vote of 68 to 32. Nearly 18 months later, the House of Representatives has refused to vote or even consider this legislation.  Those who are unhappy with the President’s action need to direct their focus at the Speaker of the #House. I implore him to allow the House of Representatives to vote on the Senate-passed comprehensive plan. We then can come together in a bipartisan way to reconcile our differences and truly fix our broken system.  #ImmigrationAction
What did you think of Barack Obama's speech on #immigration?
Here's where you can watch President Obama's #ImmigrationAction address at 8pm ET → http://wh.gov/immigration-action   Where do you stand on the issue?
Happy birthday VP #Biden.
NA
*Today- 10:00AM*   I will be chairing a U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing entitled "Combating #Corruption in the #OSCE Region: The Link between Security and Good Governance".   Combating corruption is increasingly recognized as the critical factor in ensuring long-term security, because corruption creates fertile ground for social upheaval and instability. The change in government in Ukraine earlier this year is a prime example of how corruption can fuel legitimate popular discontent.   Although the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) has created new tools to address corruption, tackling the problem requires more than raising awareness and sharing best practices. In many OSCE participating States, systemic issues including lack of media freedom, lack of political will, and lack of an independent judiciary contribute substantially to persistent high-level and low-level corruption.   The hearing will draw attention to the work of the OSCE in combating corruption in all 57 participating States, with a particular emphasis on the need to build effective institutions and the important role played by civil society in combating corruption.  Watch live here:
I applaud the Senate for confirming Ted Osius as Ambassador to Vietnam. As Chairman of the Sub-Committee on Asian and Pacific Affairs I know how important it is to have skilled diplomats ensuring Vietnam remains an important partner in the region.
The senseless targeting of innocent civilians has to be stopped; it is unacceptable under any circumstances. My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed and injured in the #Jerusalem attack, as well as the people of #Israel, who have endured far too many of these brutal assaults.  The United States will continue to fight against such atrocities and bring to justice those who commit such acts. As the strongest of allies and partners in combating terrorism, we reaffirm our support for Israel’s right to defend and protect its people.
Share if you agree: #KeyStonePipeline is a bad deal for America.  No on #KXL
#KXL, is a shortcut to an existing pipeline designed to make it cheaper to export some of the world’s dirtiest crude oil – while crude oil prices are already plummeting.  The construction jobs to build #KeyStonePipeline will be temporary; the environmental degradation will be permanent.  To add insult to injury, we’re not even talking about domestic oil; it’s oil sands crude from Alberta, Canada and it’s ultimately destined for other countries.  This is a bad deal.  The Senate should reject it on behalf of the American people.
To put the "economic benefits" of #KeyStone in context-  The proposed #PurpleLine transit project in #PrinceGeorge’s and Montgomery Counties, MD will provide more construction work hours, over a longer period of time, and employ more than five times as many people on a permanent basis as K-X-L, and it will also serve the public good in reducing demand for fossil fuels and improve property values along the route.  I’m pretty sure the same can’t be said about #KXL.  I wish my Republican friends would show the kind of enthusiasm for public works projects, like the Purple Line, that far better exemplify the virtues of job creation and improving U.S. energy security than K-X-L would.
My question is why – when oil supplies are growing, demand is flat, and prices are already plummeting – do we want to provide incentives for producing, transporting, refining, and burning the world’s dirtiest oil?  We don’t need to. #KeyStoneXl #KXL
When #KXL supporters first proposed the project several years ago, I was perplexed.  They argued that making it easier for one foreign country to export its oil to other foreign countries by building a pipeline here in the United States would somehow bolster OUR national, economic, and energy security.  That argument didn’t make any sense to me when oil prices were higher; now that oil prices are plummeting, I think we’re entering the realm of the absurd with regard to #KeystoneXl.
Yesterday I visited Anne Arundel Community College for a discussion on the increasing cost of higher education nationwide.  There are very few families in America who can afford the costs of higher education outright. It’s regrettable, but very true. No American should be priced out of an education and the opportunities that come with it.   Pricing students out of a higher education, or allowing them to drown in debt, hurts our economy and society in the long run. We’re talking about the future generation of entrepreneurs. We've got to do more to help, especially our veterans. There are several provisions #Congress could act on right now that would make education more accessible and less burdensome for millions of Americans. We need to bring down the overall costs of education. We've got to expand Pell Grants.  And we've got to fix things in Washington to make it easier for students to finance their futures.
I was deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Dr.  Martin #Salia. He was a true humanitarian who lived a life dedicated to service. Dr. Salia put himself in danger because he believed that saving the life of just one other person is one of the highest and most noble callings. The good Dr. Salia did over his career, and during his last deployment in #SierraLeone is immeasurable. #Ebola is a terrible disease being combated by awe-inspiring people, people like Dr. Salia. My thoughts and prayers are with his family as they mourn. I thank them for sharing such a brave and compassionate man with the rest of the world.
Deeply saddened to hear that Barbara Cox of WNAV-AM (Annapolis) has passed away. She was incredibly talented and had such a kind heart. She will be missed.
This weekend I went to New Shiloh Baptist Church to visit Mentoring Male Teens in the Hood. Since its launch in 1996, the program has helped create bright futures for young men in #Baltimore. We discussed my bill to end #racialprofiling,the situation in #Furgeson, and the importance of education.  I look forward to hearing about the great things these young men will achieve.
High-level government representatives and political leaders at last week’s event in Berlin highlighted their concerns about persistent anti-Semitism in the #OSCE region, noting that it poses an ongoing threat to security and stability in the area. Participating States were encouraged to intensify efforts to counter anti-Semitic acts and hate crimes.   Ten years ago, the United States, #Canada, and countries from across #Europe held a critical meeting in Berlin to fight a surge in #antiSemitism.  I wish I could say this was purely a commemorative meeting to acknowledge what was achieved in the last 10 years, but facts dictate this must be a working meeting focused on resurgent anti-Semitism. First and foremost, this means addressing the rise in violent attacks like those we have witnessed in #Brussels and #Toulouse.  I am also concerned about overly restrictive laws or regulations that may make it more difficult for #Jews and #Muslims to practice their faiths, including those relating to circumcision, ritual slaughter, and religious attire. We must break this cycle so that another decade is not lost to hate and instability.
Judge Edgar Silver was laid to rest today. He was a loyal friend, valued mentor and trusted adviser, not only to me but also to my family for many years. Judge Silver was well known for possessing a sharp legal and legislative mind. He was equally renowned for having an incredibly kind heart.   I am thankful that the countless people who appeared before Judge Silver on the Municipal, District and Circuit Courts for Baltimore City were able to associate justice with such an empathetic and kind man.   Judge Silver was a giant in Maryland political circles but was still one of the most approachable and caring men I have ever met.
Keiffer J. Mitchell and his class from St. Paul's School visited The United States Capitol yesterday. Wishing them all the best.
#Climatechange is real and we are seeing the impacts from Baltimore to Beijing and across the globe. #American leadership and innovation, coupled with international cooperation, can curb the impacts of climate change. I applaud the #Obama Administration and #Chinese Government for making substantive commitments to reducing our collective carbon footprint. America must continue to take climate change seriously. The international community is looking to the United States for leadership when it comes to fighting climate change. We must accept this responsibility or allow the rest of world to pass us by in clean energy development and reap the associated economic benefits. Internationally and domestically, there is no disagreement that #fossilfuels are a finite commodity. Developing viable alternatives, while simultaneously conserving energy, is an #economic and #environmental necessity.
Congrats to Buck Showalter on earning the  American League Manager of the Year award. Well deserved.   #BUCKleUp
As America renews its commitment to honoring the millions of courageous men and women who have served in the U.S. armed forces, we applaud the innumerable sacrifices that they and their loved ones have made for this great country.  We honor and appreciate their service and dedication on this #VeteransDay, and on every day of the year.    Our nation’s debt to our veterans does not end upon their return from the battlefield. Rather, it continues as they re-enter civilian life. This means providing assistance as they search for jobs and seek additional training, and ensuring access to counseling, medical services and affordable educational opportunities. Our efforts to help veterans must be as equally unyielding as was their commitment to protecting these United States.  Maryland is home to more than 400,000 veterans who fulfilled a solemn promise to our country. I will not stop fighting until every veteran receives the benefits, resources and utmost respect that they have earned. I ask my fellow Marylanders to join me in expressing thanks to our veterans for all that they have given us, and to join me in prayer for all those currently in uniform who are engaged in active duty worldwide. This Veterans Day, we salute them.
I applaud The White House for continuing to support #NetNeutrality. Constituents contacting my office have been nearly unanimous in saying NO to internet fast lanes.    These fast lane agreements have the potential to stifle Internet users' freedom of speech and limit the creation of Internet based innovations. Network neutrality is critical for both the free flow of information and to promote innovation and economic productivity.
In honor of the U.S. #Marine Corps’ birthday, I want to offer my most sincere thanks to Marines past and present. For 239 years the Marine Corps and Marine Corps families have made innumerable sacrifices in defense of our nation.  The U.S. Marine Corps is one of the most revered and respected military units in history.  From the Battle of Trenton to the Battle of Iwo Jima, Marines have distinguished themselves as a matchless sea and land fighting force. Generations of Marines have endured conflict around the globe and at sea to ensure our nation enjoys peace and security. The title ‘United States Marine’ is and will always be synonymous with sacrifice, dedication and courage that is beyond reproach. As it was once said, ‘Some people live an entire lifetime and wonder if they have made a difference to the world, but the Marines don’t have that problem.’  On this 239th Birthday of the Marine Corps, on behalf of the United States Senate and the State of Maryland, I send my heartfelt thanks to those who have served and are serving under the banner of the United States Marines.
U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin today called on lawmakers of both parties to encourage cooperation and seek reasonable compromises on issues of key concern to the American people.  “Inherent in our system of government, no one party has a permanent hold on power. As we once again cycle into a new balance of power in the Senate – and in Annapolis – we encourage all of our current and new colleagues to work together in a bipartisan manner to meet the challenges currently facing our nation.  “Gridlock has never created jobs or provided capital to a small business owner. And it will not bring us no closer to energy security.  “What we need is civil debate and cooperation. We need to put American families at the top of our priority list. We must find a way to break free of the conflicts that have polarized us in the past and seek rational compromises that move us forward, strengthening America’s economy and improving security at home and abroad.  “In Annapolis, as in Washington, the need for rational compromise and bipartisanship is essential. Team Maryland is ready and willing to work with our new governor in a positive partnership that keeps our state moving forward and provides greater opportunity for all Marylanders.”
#amberalert has been called off. Children are safe.
Please Share-   An #AmberAlert has been issued for:  1-year-old Gia M. Lloyd    2-year-old Gabriano D. Lloyd  27-year-old Tiamarie Valenzuela  Police are looking for a black Honda Crosstour with license plate #MD 9AZ6888  Anyone with information is asked to immediately call 911 or Anne #ArundelCounty PD at 410-222-8610.   Do not take action which could endanger your safety or further endanger the abducted children.
U.S. Rep. Donna F. Edwards and I recently met with small business leaders in Anne Arundel County to discuss ways to boost regional growth in the global marketplace. Congresswoman Edwards clearly understands that the half-million small businesses in Maryland are the backbone of our economy. Thanks to the West County Chamber of Commerce’s Claire Louder and all participants for their candor and hard work. #smallbiz
As early voting begins, Representative Elijah E. Cummings and I want voters in Maryland - and everywhere else - to know that voter intimidation will not be tolerated. Call 888-678-VOTE with your questions or concerns.
It’s easy to take reading for granted when you can do it, but it’s a huge obstacle in daily life for those who can’t read. The hard work that gets done at places like the South Baltimore Learning Center helps people clear this hurdle, improving their lives, families and communities. It was a true pleasure to join Congressman John Sarbanes and Dutch Ruppersberger to thank SBLC executive director Sonia Sochia, her team and the Maryland Association for Adult, Community and Continuing Education for all they do. #SoBoLearns
Today is White Cane Safety Day, a day to celebrate the achievements of people who are blind or visually impaired. America leads the world in ensuring people of all abilities can contribute to making this country better. To continue our international leadership the Senate should ratify #CRPD.  Ratify the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
In honor of the U.S. #Navy’s birthday, I want to thank all the sailors who have served and are serving, as well as their families, for the untold sacrifices they have made in the name of protecting our nation and defending freedom, democracy and stability around the world. I stand in appreciation of their ability, dedication and courage. Former Chief of Naval Operations Admiral George Anderson said it best when he remarked: ‘The Navy has both a tradition and a future and we look with pride and confidence in both directions.  As a U.S. Senator from Maryland, I am proud that our state is home to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis. The USNA was founded in 1845 by the Secretary of the Navy, George Bancroft. Many great Americans have graduated from the Naval Academy including presidents, senators, representatives, astronauts, NBA and NFL stars, and many others. The Academy is a premier institute preparing 4,536 young adults who will be the future leaders of the U.S. Military and our national, shaping global events for decades to come.  On this 239th Birthday of the Navy, in the words of the Navy fight song, I salute all of our sailors, Navy veterans, and their strong faith, amazing courage, true service and honor, honor over all!
I congratulate #MalalaYousafzai (Malala Fund) on her #NobelPeacePrize. I also thank her for her tireless work on behalf of women and girls worldwide. Malala Yousafzai knows women are the barometer of a nations success/stability. Her work ensures a brighter future for us all
A person who works full-time at the federal #minimumwage for an entire year will earn $15,080. There is not a single State in our Nation in which a minimum wage worker can afford a two-bedroom unit at Fair Market Rent, working a standard 40-hour work week, according to the National Low Income Housing Coalition.  I stand with U.S. Senate Democrats, we need to #RaiseTheWage
Proud to earn a perfect score from the Human Rights Campaign. I will continue protect and advance the rights of #LGBT Americans. This has been a watershed year for LGBT equality in America. We've made great progress but I refuse to be satisfied.
***Watch Live***  Today at 930AM, I will open a one-day forum on the future of public health advocacy at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in #Baltimore.   The forum’s primary purpose will be to explore this relationship and especially understand how #publichealth research affects policy and what mechanisms yield engagement and impact.  Looking forward to being joined by Michael Klag – Dean, Johns #Hopkins #Bloomberg School of Public #Health and Mark Suzman – President of Global Policy & Advocacy,of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.   #JHSPHAdvocacyForum #Advocacy4Health 
Morgan State University, Baltimore, Maryland and Baltimore District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers came together to introduce Baltimore students to the world of engineering education and careers.
We have a profound obligation to #SaveTheBay. We also have substantial financial incentives to improve the long term health of the #ChesapeakeBay.  cc. Chesapeake Bay Foundation
Proud to receive a perfect score AAUW Action Fund’s Congressional Voting Record. I am committed to working to ensure women's rights are protected and advanced.  
Looking forward to visiting Farming 4 Hunger Inc. later today. In addition to supporting residents returning to the community with housing and counseling services, food from the farm is used to supplement the diets of low-income residents who otherwise may not have access to farm-grown fruits and vegetables. Farming 4 Food also runs agriculture education programs, mentoring and local food retail programs.   #farming4hunger
Friday, I joined with #Baltimore clergy,the Muslim community leaders and civil rights activists Friday at the Union Baptist Church to announce their united support for an end to racial profiling by all levels of law enforcement.   Our faith leaders are on the front lines of the fight against injustice in our communities. We welcome their voice and their insight to this battle against a practice that has no place within the values of our country.  Racial profiling -- and discriminatory profiling based on race, ethnicity, religion or any other sweeping generalizations – is a matter that needs to be addressed from the root. We need a permanent solution that will begin to educate law enforcement in the differences between a suspect description and discriminatory profiling. Systematic reform is necessary at all levels of law enforcement so that we can prevent any more parents from having to grieve for their children like the parents of Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin.
Heading to WYPR to discuss #racialprofiling, #election2014, The Chesapeake Bay, #studentloans, #secretservice, and more with Dan Rodricks. Tune in to #WYPR at 1pm.
Well how about that #Postseason #OriolesMagic? #WeWontStop
3 words sum up that #orioles win:#WeWontStop
#America is the land of opportunity, but - for far too many - skin color dictates which opportunities are available. I believe deeply in President Obama’s ‘#MyBrothersKeeper initiative. It will not only benefit young men of color, it will benefit all Americans by engaging the success of community leaders to greater improve our county.   Heading to Bowie State University with Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer to discuss #MyBrothersKeeper with students and community leaders.
"Intolerance is itself a form of violence and an obstacle to the growth of a true democratic spirit."- Mahatma Gandhi
Proud to join Congressman John Sarbanes, U.S. EPA Mid-Atlantic Region and Living Classrooms Foundation to announce a $75,000 #environmental education grant for the Living Classrooms Foundation to help the Masonville Cove Environmental Education Campus provide community outreach and watershed educational experiences to about 600 elementary students from Baltimore City Public Schools.  This grant from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will do two great things for #Baltimore: It will reduce the amount of urban #stormwater runoff that flows into the #Chesapeake Bay, and it will introduce hundreds of elementary students to the natural environment. That’s a win-win investment, and I am proud of the Living Classrooms Foundation and the Masonville Cove campus for having the vision to help our community in this way
Proud to join U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski in announcing a a $1,000,000 grant from the The United States Department of Justice Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention program to the Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation. These federal grant funds will help the foundation provide mentoring opportunities for at-risk youth in #Maryland and 13 other states.  Young people are our greatest natural resources, to invest in them is to invest in a stronger future for all Americans. When it comes to serving the needs of at-risk youth, government cannot do it alone, nor can the private sector. The partnership between the federal government and CRSF is a fine example of public-private partnerships improving the lives of the most vulnerable among us. As a United States Senator and an Orioles Fan, I am thrilled to have such a far-reaching nonprofit headquartered in Baltimore.  CRSF will use these funds to support their Badges for Baseball program, which uses #baseball- and #softball-themed programs to help build character and teach critical life lessons to underserved youth residing in America’s most distressed communities.
The people who have taken to the streets of #HongKong are doing the right thing to protect their homeland and the integrity of its #democracy. I strongly support their right to peacefully demonstrate in support of basic civil and #humanrights. I urge all parties to ensure these protests remain peaceful and to work together through constructive dialogue to reach a positive way forward.  I am deeply concerned by the National People’s #Congress Standing Committee’s decision to prohibit the people of Hong Kong from freely choosing their next Chief Executive.  #Beijing has a responsibility to exercise restraint and to adhere to its commitment to the Basic Law and avoid directly or indirectly provoking unrest. The events unfolding in Hong Kong remind us that we must work every day to protect democratic progress and defend against grave threats to civil society.
NA
#PublishWhatYouPay has been the game changer that has helped tilt the balance of power away from corrupt leaders and into the hands of citizens.  It has been a pleasure to work with Oxfam America,  Publish What You Pay, The Lugar Center and countless other groups to enhance stability in countries the world by bringing #transparency and accountability in the #oil, gas and mining industry.  #NoSecretDeals 
Maryland is at the epicenter of cyber technology innovation.  Proud to announce that the U.S. Department of Labor  has awarded $14,957,899 in federal funding to fourteen Maryland community colleges as part of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career Training (TAACCCT) initiative.    Of the nearly $15 million, Montgomery College received $5,371,743 to lead and fund the Cyber- Technology Pathways Across Maryland (CPAM) Consortium. CPAM is comprised of fourteen Maryland community colleges.  It seeks to train and educate Trade Adjustment Assistance workers, veterans, the un- and –under employed and low skilled adults. The Consortium will work to connect participants with employers looking to fill thousands of unfilled job openings. CPAM focuses on bringing women and other underrepresented populations into the growing fields of cyber technology and cyber security.
We've joined #Instagram. Follow @SenatorCardin to see photos from the #Senate and across #Maryland.
I thank Attorney General Eric #Holder for his many years of dedicated service to our nation and the Justice Department. He has worked tirelessly to protect the American people, safeguard our Constitution, and promote equal justice under the law for all.   As the nation’s top lawyer, Attorney General Holder took bold steps to reinvigorate the Department’s #CivilRights Division. I particularly commend Attorney General Holder for protecting the fundamental right to vote and fighting efforts to restrict the franchise, such as voter ID’s, deceptive practices in elections, and disenfranchisement measures that can permanently take away an individual’s right to vote. I was pleased to chair many hearings on these issues when I was a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Most recently, Attorney General Holder’s aggressive investigation into the shooting of #MichaelBrown and the #Ferguson, #Missouri police department was an important step to protect civil rights. Before he leaves office, I urge him to finalize new Justice Department guidance to once and for all prohibit the use of #racialprofiling by all levels of law enforcement.
L'shannah tovah to all celebrating #RoshHashanah. Best wishes for a happy and healthy new year.
With Ambassador Samantha Power at #UNGA. She is an experienced and tireless advocate of the United States and an incredibly skilled diplomat.
Science tells us climate change is real and it is among the biggest global threats facing us today.  The notion that we must choose between economic growth and environmental protection is a fallacy. As the President outlined at the @UN, our nation has taken bold but practical steps to encourage the development and production of innovative and environmentally friendly manufacturing, as well as sustainable and livable communities.  We need to better prepare our countries for the effects of climate change we already are starting to see today. Adaptation and resiliency to these changes must become a priority as the global community faces a serious climate-change induced, humanitarian crisis.  While here at the #UNGA, I look forward to working with the international community to share ideas on how we all can better advance international initiatives to halt the causes of climate change.
Honored to have been confirmed by the US Senate as a Representative of the United States to the 69th Session of the United Nations General Assembly. The United States holds a unique role in the world as the principal defender against #extremism, #corruption and #humanrights abuses wherever they occur. We lead the international community in providing stability, humanitarian relief, and defense of the innocent. The United Nations has a historic mission that supports these efforts. I look forward to working with our diplomats to ensure that the constructive relationships and partnerships developed within the United Nations contribute to the success of American efforts around the world. I also plan to seize this opportunity to shine spotlight on questionable actions and statements by #UN officials and organizations, particularly with regards to #Israel and human rights.
***SHARE***  Today is National Voter Registration Day. Make sure you're registered or SHARE this so that others can register before the elections. This isn’t about Republicans or Democrats. It’s not about a particular issue or politics as usual. It's about every American coming together so we don’t forget to register before the elections.  #CelebrateNVRD #RockTheVote    
With this action, Congress will have time to properly debate and consider how our nation deals with the military threats from #ISIL. Just as the Senate Foreign Relations Committee urged more than a year ago, with a target of President #Assad, Congress has voted to provide arms to #Syrian rebels and train individuals in the use of those weapons. This time the target is ISIL. The vote taken by Congress today is not a declaration of war. Congress has not authorized the use of U.S. military force in #Syria. The current authorizations of force from 2001 and 2002 should not be used as a basis for action in 2014 and beyond. We should be working on a new, narrowly focused authorization bill for Iraq that could be taken up as soon as we return in November, or earlier if the circumstances warrant. Any authorization must not open the door to U.S. combat ground troops in #Iraq or Syria. I have serious concerns about whether we should authorize any U.S. military force in Syria
Today in 1849 Harriet Tubman escaped slavery and set about on her mission to spread #freedom to all Americans.   Tubman was a true American heroine and #patriot, for whom liberty and freedom were not just ideas, but represented a real struggle for human rights. One hundred years after her death, we are properly honoring the legacy of this remarkable woman’s life, work, and contributions to our nation’s history  So proud the Senate approved my legislation to create two national historical parks to honor the life of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” on the Underground Railroad.
"Nature lovers need to search no farther than Garrett County, Maryland  for the best fall colors this year, according to Travel + Leisure  Out of 20 towns featured, the national magazine awarded #Oakland in Western #Maryland the best town to view changing leaves."  
#ICYMI- Full video of Ben's Briefing on his End #Racial Profiling legislation.   "We also know that it is a waste of time and resources. We know it turns communities against law enforcement. But we also know it can be deadly, and therefore has got to end.” 
It's always a good time to be an Baltimore Orioles fan but tonight is special. Time to #BUCKleUp. #WeWontStop
Disappointed Senate #GOP refused to even debate allowing students to refinance #studentloan debt. Filibusters are more than  just parliamentary tricks, they have real impact on millions of Americans.
TODAY - Tuesday, September 16 at 10:30AM, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), the American Civil Liberties Union, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, and South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT) will host a briefing “#Ferguson and Beyond: Profiling in America.” Participants, including the attorney for the Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin families, as well as experts from the civil and human rights community, law enforcement, and academia, will examine the use of discriminatory profiling by law enforcement. The panel will discuss the urgent need for updated guidance from the Department of Justice and a more permanent solution: passage of S. 1038, the End Racial Profiling Act (#ERPA), which would prohibit the use of racial profiling by federal, state or local law enforcement agencies in routine law enforcement investigations, immigration enforcement and national security cases.   ***Watch Live***
#EqualPay for equal work is not just a women's issue.   Proud to support the #PayCheckFairness Act.
Friday I joined students, teachers and administrators at the Baltimore International Academy, one of the most unique Baltimore City Public Schools. BIA offers foreign language immersion classes that prepare students for a competitive and rigorous secondary and collegiate academic career by offering instruction in #Spanish, #Chinese, #Arabic, #Russian and #French.   As Chair of the U.S. Helsinki Commission and a member of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , I know that foreign language skills open the door to a whole world of career opportunities. To see the foundation for success being built here for so many of #Baltimore’s young people was truly impressive.
Thanks to Councilman  James B. Kraft and the Baltimore City Council for making a stand for #CleanWater.    "Monday night, the Baltimore City Council unanimously passed a resolution in support of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and US Army  Corps of Engineers (Corps) proposal to clarify protection of streams and wetlands under the Clean Water Act."  Via. Clean Water Action
NA
"Doctors think a person can survive without water for about three days. If our water infrastructure fails, how long could the American economy survive?"  Good read on the importance of water infrastructure investment. 
#NeverForget
“In my home city of #Baltimore, more than 95 percent of the water mains are more than 65 years old, so it is no surprise that nationwide, there are more than 800 water main breaks each day.”  “I applaud Baltimore,Mayor  Stephanie Rawlings-Blake , and mayors across the country who are committed to ensuring that our water infrastructure meets the needs of citizens. These statistic is emblematic of the larger issue of our nation’s aging and overburdened water infrastructure that we must work to transform.”
On this day let us not only mourn for those we lost, but let us vow to them to be as good as they would expect us to be. 9/11 was intended to bring this country to new lows but instead we achieved new highs. Keep the memories of 9/11 in our hearts and let them guide our actions. Actions that show each other and the world just how good we really are, and just how good we can be.
The United States acts in a stronger way when Congress and the administration work together on foreign policy. We agree that #ISIL is a brutal terrorist organization that threatens the stability and security of the Middle East and has demonstrated its willingness to attack Americans and our allies. These are extremely dangerous people that must be dealt with in a strong and forceful manner by the international community. I support the President’s goals but feel strongly that America should not be drawn into a protracted military campaign or act where local forces should be protecting their own country. Military action alone will not get rid of ISIL. Stable governments that represent all the people in these countries are needed. And we must work to cut off the financial and political support for extremist groups.
I am a strong supporter of #NetNeutrality and oppose the creation of "Internet Fast Lanes". These fast lane agreements have the potential to stifle Internet users' freedom of speech and limit the creation of Internet based innovations. Network neutrality is critical for both the free flow of information and to promote innovation and economic productivity.  #InternetSlowDown
NA
About to discuss #ISIL on CNN The Situation Room. Tune in now.
Thrilled to announce Maryland Legal Aid is the recipient of a 24-month $265,464 Pro Bono Innovation grant to establish a single, statewide Veterans Hotline.  Maryland Legal Aid will partner with the Pro Bono Resource Center of Maryland to recruit and train pro bono attorneys in effectively and efficiently meeting the legal needs of Maryland’s low-income veteran population.  Maryland is home to 465,000 veterans of the United States Armed Forces.  Our veterans have sacrificed for this nation and we have a responsibility to ensure they are treated with dignity and respect as they navigate in the civilian world. I am proud that Maryland Legal Aid will now be just a phone call away and ready, as always, to fight on behalf of our brave warriors and their families. These federal funds will give Maryland’s veterans easier access to quality legal support when they need it most.
Our economy cannot afford to ask students to decide between #highered and burdening their family with debt. I'm standing with Elizabeth Warren & U.S. Senate Democrats in support of the #BankonStudents Act. Allowing students to refinance student loans is just commonsense.
Back in #Annapolis for an #EPW field hearing on achieving the goals of the The Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement. Only by working together, will we be able to leave our children a #Chesapeake Bay that is cleaner than it is today. #SaveTheBay.
"It is, I think, obscene that the federal government is making such a large profit off of #studentloans," Cardin said. "We can correct that in the United States Senate next week."  
Today U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski and I visited Bowie State University to talk to students about our efforts to make higher education more affordable.   Next week the Senate will have a real chance to lessen the burden on all the Americans who owe  a collective $1 trillion in student loan debt. We need to act, we need to break the filibuster. It won't solve all the systemic problems. It will make a real difference for so many Americans now. #BankOnStudents
On 50th anniversary of the #WildernessAct we remember that protecting our wilderness means protecting part of our national identity. #Wilderness50 #WeAreTheWild The Wilderness Society
Biking the Great Allegheny Passage with Western #Maryland elected officials and trail stakeholders. We're discussing issues impacting the region and enjoying the scenic views. Great alternative to a cramped meeting room.
Deepest condolences to Andy Harris, M.D. on the passing of his wife Sylvia. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Harris Family.
"Geography can be tough. Here’s a guide for Russian soldiers who keep getting lost & ‘accidentally’ entering #Ukraine" A geography lesson from Canadian Joint Delegation to NATO. 
We let homeowners refinance their mortgages. Congress passed special legislation it allow that. We allow businesses to refinance their loans --to the lowest competitive rate. Why can't students do the same? They should be able to and that’s what U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren's #BankonStudents legislation would do. We need 2 votes to break the filibuster, hope it is brought to the floor in the next session. #DegreesNotDebt
Today in 1963 Martin Luther King, Jr. delivered his “I Have a Dream” speech at the Lincoln Memorial. His words are as true today as they were 51 years ago:   "Let us not wallow in the valley of despair, I say to you today, my friends.  And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.  I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal."  America has made great strides since his historic speech, but  as #MLK said - "we will not be satisfied until "justice rolls down like waters, and righteousness like a mighty stream."
Women are the barometer of a nation's success and its stability. On this #WomensEqualityDay we celebrate those who fought hard to pass the 19th Amendment, granting women the right to vote. We also understand that there is more to be done.    I have introduced S.J.Res 15 a resolution in the United States Senate that reopens the door for final ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment (#ERA), finally guaranteeing women full protection under our Constitution.  Together, we can make sure that the our Constitution, a beacon for freedom and civil rights around the world prohibits discrimination against all women in this country.   Sign on as a Citizen Cosponsor. Share this with family and friends, and join me in the fight to ensure equal rights for all.  #RatifyERA 
The terrible beating of #Ilgar Nasibov, director of the #Nakhchivan Resource Center in Azerbaijan, must be condemned and thoroughly investigated by the Government of #Azerbaijan. Mr. #Nasibov has worked for years as a journalist to promote human rights and rule of law in his own country and we will stand with him.
Very creative NPR piece imagining how they would have covered the burning of the Capitol 200 years ago during the #Warof1812. This is a great story for anyone interested in the Star-Spangled 200 and #MD history. 
Forbes says Baltimore Ravens are 5th best in the NFL. #RavensNation knows we're #1. 
NA
Great article on the critically important services the U.S. Army Reserve is providing to Marylanders at the Allegany County Fairgrounds through #Appalachian Mountain IRT 2014.    Innovative Readiness Training (IRT) ensures that our men and women in uniform are well trained and provides important services to communities across the country. 
Nice letter to the Sun about "class act" Baltimore Orioles fans. Good way to start a Wednesday.  
Yesterday, the United States government announced that #Syria’s most deadly declared chemical weapons have been destroyed.  Destruction of these weapons is a critical step in protecting the #Syrian people.  However, we cannot forget that just one year ago, 1,000 innocent Syrians were ruthlessly killed in a chemical weapons attack orchestrated by the #Assad regime. The United States can no longer allow the gross violation of human rights in Syria go unchallenged.   For this reason, I, along with Senator Rubio and Senator Kaine, introduced legislation establishing a Syria-specific standard of reporting and accountability for crimes against humanity. The bill would require the U.S. Department of State to report to relevant congressional committees on war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Syria. This legislation sends a strong message to the international community that the United States remains firmly committed to bringing all perpetrators of international crimes in Syria to justice. Shedding light on the atrocities in Syria is critical to prosecuting human rights abusers.
Maryland’s veterans are bringing their world class commitment to excellence and skills to the civilian world. This partnership is good news for our veterans and our local communities. I have long been a fan of the VIP program, which taps into the incredible leadership skills of our veteran business community and leverages those skills to help our veterans grow their businesses and create jobs.  
Like #sharkweek? You'll love the National Aquarium in #Baltimore! This weekend is the perfect time to visit.
This cycle of needlessly sacrificing our teens to violent ends must end. It is heartbreaking to see yet another American town gripped by such a tragedy. As Attorney General Holder moves forward with his investigation into the circumstances of Michael Brown's death, I urge him to also finalize new guidance that would once and for all prohibit #racialprofiling by law enforcement officials. For a more permanent fix, Congress should take up and pass my bill, the End Racial Profiling Act (S. 1038). We need to better educate more of our law enforcement officials in the differences between specific suspect descriptions and sweeping generalizations or profiling that wastes valuable resources. Racial profiling is un-American. It has no place within the values of our country. It turns communities against the partnerships needed to keep our neighborhoods safe. As far too many of our communities have learned, people can be hurt.   As we await the release of more details of the circumstances of Michael's death, my wish for the people of #Ferguson would be a moment of peace and reflection. Let us not heap more violence on top of an already gut-wrenching situation. The local police must respect the First Amendment rights of our citizens to peaceably assemble and the rights of the press to seek the truth and report on this story. I support measures to de-escalate community tensions.”
What a great time on #Assateague Island today. Had the pleasure of meeting with young people from the #MD Coastal Stewards Program.  They understand that there is much at stake when it comes to protecting our environment. I will continue to make sure that programs like this  can continue. My hat is off to these young Marylanders for spending their summer in the fight to #SaveTheBay.
Three years ago today, Marylander Warren Weinstein  was kidnapped  by al Qaeda in Lahore, Pakistan. A life-long humanitarian and development worker, Warren dedicated more than 40 years of his life to improving the lives of others. Warren is now 73 and in poor health. We must do all that we can to bring him home.
Wild times in #Worcester! This young bald eagle from Wyoming is being rehabbed by MD DNR Wildlife & Heritage Service on Assateague Island State Park. Welcome to Maryland!
Today I today met with leaders, graduates and students of the Center for Urban Families to examine the successful ways in which the non-profit organization has strengthened urban communities by helping fathers and families achieve stability and economic success.  To strengthen our communities and families and to eradicate poverty and unemployment, our nation’s leaders must work together by providing the tools like the ones that the Center for Urban Families provides. It’s easy to understand how the center has been able to place nearly 3,000 men and women into permanent, stable employment after seeing some of their work in action.  It is time for us to join together as governments, non-profits and private-sector partnerships to rebuild America’s economic and civic foundation to continue the expansion of opportunity for all forthcoming generations
State and congressional leaders announced two grants to fund around-the-clock care for the University of Maryland's domestic violence program, $50,000 from the state and federal government and $20,000 from Verizon.   "Are we satisfied?  No.  Not when you have 18,000 plus victims every year in Maryland of #domesticviolence," said Sen. Ben Cardin, (D) MD.  More via WMAR-TV - abc2news.com 
At University of Maryland Medical Center announcing new program to help domestic violence victims w/ U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, Dutch Ruppersberger & Anthony G. Brown
How 'bout them O's! Baltimore Orioles have a six game lead in the AL East for the 1st time since 9/15/1997. Yankees come to #Birdland next week.
Good to see Barack Obama supporting #DCStatehood. Residents of Washington D.C deserve the same rights and representation as the rest of the country. 
Let's go Baltimore Ravens! #RavensNation is ready to go!
Follow Ben on Twitter at @SenatorCardin to stay up to date on what's happening in the U.S. Senate and across #MD.
Another reason to strengthen the Clean Water Act.  "If the impacts of #pollution or #climatechange seem largely theoretical to you, what happened in #Toledo should bring it all very, very close to home."  
In honor of National Lighthouse Day, here is one the best shots of Thomas Point Shoal Light
Read Ben's op-ed on what Congress can do to bolster the U.S-#Africa trade relationship, elevate #humanrights and fight global poverty.  "The U.N. projects that by 2035 Africa’s working-age population will be larger than that of China or India. The potential importance of this emerging demographic, both as producers and potential consumers, is difficult to overstate. #AGOA allows the U.S. and Africa both to take advantage of this dynamism."  
NA
NA
James Brady was truly an incredible public servant. Whatever your personal politics, Jim deserves great respect for turning a life-changing tragedy into a public campaign to save lives. I was deeply saddened to hear of his passing. My thoughts and prayers are with Sarah and his entire family.  Before circumstances transformed Jim into a national advocate for sensible gun safety laws, his wit, tactical mind and commitment to duty earned him the admiration of his peers and the media.  After being shot, the duo of Jim and Sarah Brady proved to be one of the most passionate gun control advocates of their time.   Jim Brady’s life was more than just inspirational, it was impactful. He will be missed
Eight members of the Maryland Congressional delegation wrote to President Barack Obama recently urging the administration to reconsider a proposal to allow the use of seismic air guns to search for oil and gas in the Atlantic Ocean, especially off Maryland’s coast.  “ … The cost of the proposed action to Marylanders and the marine life off our coasts is far too great to risk for oil and gas exploration that will keep us tethered to the energy sources of the past,” the joint letter states. “Not only is the proposed action the first major step towards opening the Atlantic Ocean to offshore drilling, but the technology used for this exploration is incredibly harmful to marine mammals and fisheries.”  The letter was signed by U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, Chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, and Representatives Elijah Cummings (MD-7), C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger (MD-2), Chris Van Hollen (MD-8), John Sarbanes (MD-3), Donna F. Edwards (MD-4) and John K. Delaney (MD-6).  “Maryland is famous for its blue crabs and is a state that depends on the ocean,” the letter states. “[T]he gross domestic product (GDP) from Maryland’s living resources, which includes fishing, hatcheries, aquaculture, seafood processing and seafood markets, is valued at over $122 million and the GDP from ocean-based tourism and recreation in the state totals nearly $2.7 billion.  Additionally, there are a total of about 83,000 jobs in the fishing, tourism and recreation sectors in Maryland that are directly dependent on the resources threatened by seismic air guns, and countless others that are indirectly dependent on those resources.”
I am pleased that the Senate passed legislation to provide additional Special Immigrant Visas (SIVs) for Afghans who have worked for our government, many since 2001, as interpreters for our military, alongside our diplomats and with other U.S. entities in Afghanistan. These brave Afghans have put their lives, and the lives of their families, at risk due to their service.  Many have made the ultimate sacrifice.  The State Department informed Congress that they have exhausted the allotment of SIVs authorized last December, meaning that thousands of our Afghan allies would be left stranded and at the mercy of the Taliban as the U.S. withdrawal accelerates. The bill provides an additional 1,000 SIVs through fiscal year 2014 and is identical to the Senate bill authored by Senators Shaheen and McCain which I cosponsored.  We must take additional action later this year as the number of U.S.-affiliated Afghans waiting for SIVs far exceeds the number provided to date.  The United State must fulfill its promises to our Afghan Allies.
NA
The Government of #Azerbaijan has arrested Ms. #Leyla Yunus, Director of the Institute for Peace and Democracy in Azerbaijan, and her husband, #Arif Yunus, and charged them with high treason, tax evasion and other economic crimes.    The charges filed against the #Yunus’s are outrageous. Both Leyla and Arif are long-time supporters of people-to-people contact with #Armenia, and the charge of espionage against them is absurd. We urge the Government of Azerbaijan to drop the charges and to stop the coordinated campaign aimed at the opposition, civil society and journalists in Azerbaijan who are peacefully exercising their right to freedom of speech and freedom of association.
Today I had the pleasure of introducing fellow Marylander Carolyn Watts Colvin today to my committee colleagues at her hearing to be the next Social Security Administrator. Colvin has been serving as Acting SSA Commissioner since February 2013.   Carolyn Colvin is dedicated to public service and committed to bettering the lives of others. As Acting Commissioner, she has brought the integrity needed to ensure that beneficiaries, applicants, and the SSA workforce are treated fairly, and that benefits are administered according to the law.  Colvin’s tenure at Social Security actually began in August 1963, when she was hired as a clerk stenographer at the agency. She held a series of clerical jobs while working her way through college at Morgan State, eventually earning bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Business Administration. She returned to SSA from 1994 until 2001 as Deputy Commissioner, first of Policy and External Affairs, then of Policy and Programs, and finally of Operations. The Maryland Delegation is quite proud of her service as Director of Field Operations for my predecessor, Senator Paul Sarbanes. She knows her way around the Social Security Administration and we know her well.
10:00AM Today:  Ben will introduce Carolyn Watts Colvin of #Maryland before The Senate Finance Committee.Colvin has been nominated to become the next Commissioner of The Social Security Administration for the term expiring January 19, 2019
The Highway Trust Fund is a lifeline for Maryland and other states for highway construction and maintenance resources. The Senate’s strong bipartisan vote in favor of an amendment to provide a five month funding extension for our surface transportation programs was the responsible thing to do. The bill, as amended, that passed the Senate will keep Maryland construction workers on the job during the summer construction season. importantly, it also should provide Congress sufficient time to pass a long-term reauthorization of our surface transportation programs and responsibly address the insolvency problem that currently faces the Highway Trust Fund.
Amazing things happen when NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the University of Maryland team up.   "A laser-based system from the University of Maryland, College Park, will observe the structure of forest canopy." 
I am proud to have joined the overwhelming majority of the Senate in confirming Robert McDonald to lead the Department of #Veterans Affairs and its more than 340,000 employees.  As a veteran, Mr. McDonald comprehends the unique difficulties facing veterans and #military retirees, and as a business leader, he has demonstrated the organizational skills to pinpoint and eliminate intransigent bureaucratic obstacles that have blocked #veterans’ access to needed care.  Today’s vote marks a positive turning point in our treatment of America’s veterans. A solemn trust has been broken and fresh leadership is needed to regain the trust of America’s veterans and their families.   I look forward to working with the next Secretary and the #VA’s leaders to address #homelessness, #unemployment, mental illness, and other pressing issues confronting those who have served our nation.
Announcing #Landover & #Greenbelt as 2/3 finalists for the new location of FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation Hq with U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski,Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards & Rushern Baker.
“if we’re going to give a person full rights and expect full responsibility from them, then we should give them the right to vote.”   Good read from League of Women Voters of the U.S. on my efforts to end wholesale voter disenfranchisement of what are supposed to be free men and women.  
U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez visited the Biotechnical Institute of Maryland (BTI) for a tour and discussion with students and faculty.  BTI provides tuition-free training in basic laboratory skills to unemployed and under-employed residents of Baltimore City in preparation for careers in Maryland’s rapidly expanding biotechnology industry. Our visit came only days after President Obama signed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WOIA) into law. The bipartisan legislation greatly improves and streamlines federal workforce development efforts.   Secretary Perez and I both know that as our economy continues its recovery, workforce training is critically important to help grow our economy. We must continue to do all we can to bridge the widening skills gap that is keeping thousands of unemployed workers from promising 21st Century careers.
There is no moral equivalence between #Israel and #Hamas.  #IsraelSolidarity
"A multi-year transportation bill will help businesses succeed by making sure goods and products get to where they need to go. U.S. trade is expected to double in the next 13 years, and our national transportation assets must serve the growing economic demands for U.S. goods and services. We must modernize and maintain our infrastructure or we risk diminished profits and falling behind our international competitors in the global marketplace."   
We should be proud, as Americans, of our Nation’s leadership in making it easier for people with disabilities to participate fully in society, to have equal access to educational, economic, and social opportunities for self-fulfillment and advancement. Yesterday's vote in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee provided us with another opportunity to demonstrate global leadership in promoting human rights and equal rights for those with disabilities. The #CRPD embodies many of the same ideals the Americans with Disabilities Act promotes: it empowers people with disabilities to be able to make their own choices, to claim personal responsibility for their own lives, and to be independent. I urge all my Senate colleagues to support this international treaty on the Senate floor and give the United States a say in how people with disabilities, including our own citizens, are treated around the world.
Happening Now: Capitol Hill Briefing: Bipartisan Panel on Restoring Voting Rights  Featuring Senator Rand Paul ACLU Nationwide & Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law.   Watch Live.  
"A community that is vulnerable to #antisemitism is also vulnerable to discrimination and hate crimes against people of African ancestry, against Muslims, against Roma, against Christians and any other ethnic or religious minority." - Ben at U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing on Anti-Semitism, Racism and Discrimination in the #OSCE Region  Watch live here.  
Tomorrow (2PM EST) I am teaming up with Senator Rand Paul to host a bipartisan briefing on voting rights restoration. Senator Paul and I may not agree on everything but we both know that the right to vote is the most basic right of citizenship.    Regaining the right to vote reintegrates individuals with criminal convictions into free society, helping to enhance public safety and encourage rehabilitation.  The lack of a uniform standard for voting in Federal elections leads to an unfair disparity and unequal participation in Federal elections, and state disenfranchisement laws disproportionately impact racial and ethnic minorities.    Witnesses include:  ACLU Nationwide, Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law, Bernard Kerik, Crossroad Bible Institute, American Probation and Parole Association & Florida Rights Restoration Coalition.   (Live streaming available at 2PM Tuesday)    
Will be speaking on the Senate floor about the need to address #AntiSemitism, #Racism and #Discrimination in the #OSCE Region.   Watch Live Here.  http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2  I will also be chairing a U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing on the topic tomorrow at 10AM EST. 
The White House took an important step towards defending 11 million #LGBT Americans from workplace discrimination. This #EO establishes basic protections and rules that that most #Fortune500 companies already follow and ensures federal contractors recruit the most skilled workers for the job.  Every American deserves to be judged on the quality and value of their work and not their gender identity or who they love. Proud to join U.S. Senate Democrats in fighting for a #FairShot for all Americans.
Last Friday I had the chance to visit Frederick Prosperity Center to discuss state, local and federal initiatives to ensure that all Americans have a fair shot at achieving and maintaining economic success. The Prosperity Center is a collaborative of social service organizations, local financial institutions and others committed to providing residents of Frederick access to the tools they need to establish financial stability.  There should be no such thing as the ‘working poor’ in America. If you work hard and play by the rules, you should not have to worry about putting food on the table or keeping a roof over your head.  After speaking with the Marylanders on the front lines of the effort to close the wealth gap in America, it's clear that Congress must act. There has never been a better time to pass an increased federal minimum wage, paycheck fairness, tax and immigration reform as well as other commonsense pieces of legislation to give Americans future and present a fair shot at success.  More: http://www.unitedwayfrederick.org/prosperity
My deepest condolences go out to the all the families and friends of those lost on #MH17. This is an international tragedy.
Happening Now:   Dangerous Passage: Central America In Crisis And the Exodus of Unaccompanied Minors 
Frustrated by GOP blockage of the #HobbyLobby fix bill to restore women’s rights.  Religious protections are meant for people and not corporations.  We cannot allow partisan gridlock to jeopardize the health of millions of women across the country. Congress has an opportunity to restore the rights and protections taken away from American women by the Supreme Court. We have a responsibility to act. We should not be complicit in jeopardizing the health of American women while opening the door for private companies that are looking for a reason not to comply with the law. The #ACA guarantees the majority of women coverage for comprehensive preventive health services, including contraception. Imposing additional financial burdens on a woman because the company she works for claims to hold certain beliefs contrary to the law sets a dangerous precedent.
***Today- 3PM***  The Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, will hold a legislative hearing to consider the following items:  - S. 571, Great Lakes Water Protection Act  - S. 1153, Invasive Fish and Wildlife Prevention Act  - S. 1175, Infrastructure Facilitation and Habitat Conservation Act of 2013  - S. 1202, SAFE Act  - S. 1232, Great Lakes Ecological and Economic Protection Act of 2013  - H.R. 1300, To amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer programs and community partnerships for the benefit of national wildlife refuges, and for other purposes.  - S. 1381, Big Cats and Public Safety Protection Act  - S. 1650, A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to exempt certain Alaska Native articles from prohibitions against sale of items containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes.  - S. 2225, Smart Water Resource Management Conservation and Efficiency Act of 2014  - S. 2530, A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the importation or exportation of mussels of certain genus, and for other purposes.  - S. 2560, United States Fish and Wildlife Service Resource Protection Act   
I was appalled to hear the news that such hateful graffiti was found on the walls of the former #Army Reserve Center in #CarrollCounty. America’s immigration system is broken and needs urgent attention, but the way to achieve that is to urge the House of Representatives to pass the comprehensive immigration reform bill approved by the Senate last year. I was pleased to see that the Maryland State Police are investigating this matter as a hate crime and will pursue it to the fullest extent possible. We should have a respectful debate about immigration reform and how to cope with the latest wave of activity at our southern #border. We cannot allow such a conversation to devolve to the lowest common-denominator of xenophobia and ignorance.  The current wave of young children being sent to the U.S. to escape the most desperate situations in their own countries, particularly #Guatemala, #Honduras and #ElSalvador is a #humanitarian crisis. The majority of these children should be sent home to their families, but while they are in our custody, we have a responsibility to treat them humanely, as children, and not as prisoners
Today I called on the Federal Communications Commission to ensure #NetNeutrality. We must prevent broadband providers from creating internet fast lanes for those who can pay, leaving others stuck in traffic.   An open Internet has become the world's most successful platform for innovation, job-creation and entrepreneurialism.  An open Internet enables freedom of expression and the sharing of ideas around the world.  An open Internet is driving economic growth throughout the United States.   Accordingly, it would be appropriate for the FCC to reclassify broadband to reflect the vital role the Internet plays in carrying our most important information and our greatest ideas.
#SCOTUS #HobbyLobby ruling is a direct assault on #womensrights. No employer has similar concerns abt individual healthcare services for men
Congrats to Don Scott on his retirement after 40 dedicated years of journalism at WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore. All the best!
So proud the Senate approved my legislation to create two national historical parks to honor the life of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” on the Underground Railroad.  Harriet Tubman was a true American heroine and patriot, for whom liberty and freedom were not just ideas, but represented a real struggle for human rights. One hundred years after her death, we are properly honoring the legacy of this remarkable woman’s life, work, and contributions to our nation’s history.  The National Historical Park in New York will be located in Auburn and commemorates the later years of Tubman’s life where she was active in the women’s suffrage movement and established a rest home that provided for the welfare of aged African Americans. The National Historical Park in Maryland will trace Tubman’s early life on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, where she was born and later escaped from slavery to become one of the leaders on the Underground Railroad.
Every child deserves a kitchen table to do their homework at each night and a safe place to call home. I look forward to working with  Mayor Julián Castro on the diverse issues of concern to Marylanders.  We have made progress since the housing crisis was at its worst, but, currently, Maryland still hovers at the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation. Too many of our neighbors are still struggling Secretary Castro has a record as a strong leader and proponent of sustainable neighborhoods. I encourage him to hear firsthand from the mayors and housing counselors, faith leaders and community organizers who are working locally to ensure that every Marylander, every family, every senior and every veteran, has an affordable roof over their head.
Staff shared this photo of a lull in the storm last night over #Baltimore.   #MdWeather  US National Weather Service Baltimore/Washington
Moms Clean Air Force stopped by our Washington office today.   The sign reads:  "...It's time to protect Maryland's children from #ClimateChange"  -Agreed
#SCOTUS  got it wrong with #HobbyLobby. That's why I'm supporting the Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act. The legislation would restore the contraceptive coverage requirement guaranteed by the #ACAt and protect coverage of other health services from employers who want to impose their beliefs on their employees by denying benefits.   Allowing employers to force their own religious beliefs on their employees under the guise of religious freedom is inexplicable. The Supreme Court has put the health of American women at risk while opening the door for private employers who are looking for a reason not to comply with the law.  Whether a woman uses contraception should be a private decision not subject to a financial veto by her employer. The Affordable Care Act guarantees the majority of women coverage for comprehensive preventive health services, including contraception.  Imposing additional financial burdens on a woman because her employer claims to hold certain beliefs contrary to the law sets a dangerous precedent.  #NotMyBossBusiness
Ben and Senator  Tom Coburn will sit down with Stephanie Cutter and Newt Gingrich tonight on CNN's Crossfire.   Tune in 6:30PM ET.
Today at 10:30AM Ben will chair a Subcommittee on Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs hearing entitled "Combating Forced Labor and Modern-Day #Slavery in East #Asia And The #Pacific"  Witness include-   The Honorable Scot Marciel Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs U.S. Department of State  Mr. Luis CdeBaca Ambassador-at-Large for the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons U.S. Department of State  Ms. Neha Misra Senior Specialist, Migration & Human Trafficking Solidarity Center  Mr. Jesse Eaves Senior Policy Advisor for Child Protection World Vision USA  http://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/combating-forced-labor-and-modern-day-slavery-in-east-asia-and-the-pacific-07-08-14a
Today U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski joined me for a tour of Baltimore City Department of Public Works Montebello Water Treatment Plant # 1.  I drink Baltimore tap water daily. Our city is blessed with good source water, but to ensure the safety and security of Baltimore tap water, the treatment system needs to be updated. We waste millions of gallons of water each day from leakage alone the cost of which is passed on to ratepayers, while also taking a toll on the health of our natural water resources.   Investing in water infrastructure is the right thing to do for public health, for our environment and to save energy, but it also creates jobs. Our water infrastructure provides a foundation for economic growth in every community across this nation.   The U.S. Conference of Mayors notes that each public dollar invested in water infrastructure increases private long-term GDP output by more than $6. The Department of Commerce has found that that same dollar yields close to $3 worth of economic output in other industries. Every job created in local water and sewer industries creates close to four jobs elsewhere in the national economy.
Have a safe & happy #4thofJuly. Thinking of all the Americans who aren't w/ family today as they serve this great nation overseas. Thanks.
Thank you for following me on Facebook. If you use Twitter you can follow me at @SenatorCardin to keep up with what's going on in  United States Senate and across Maryland.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Wayne Curry. He was a force in Prince George's County
The 1964 Civil Rights Act is as important now as it was when it was signed 50 years ago today. LBJ's remarks are masterful.  "Its purpose is to promote a more abiding commitment to freedom, a more constant pursuit of justice, and a deeper respect for human dignity.  We will achieve these goals because most Americans are law-abiding citizens who want to do what is right."   
Ted Kennedy often referred to #CivilRights as "America's great unfinished business". I am proud of the progress we have made since #CivilRightsAct1964. Though I am proud, I am not satisfied. There is a great deal of unfinished business to attend to so that "we may promote a more abiding commitment to freedom  a more constant pursuit of justice, and a deeper respect for human dignity."
#AreYouReady?
My heart is breaking for the families of Eyal Yifrach, Gilad Shaar and Naftali Fraenkel who received news of the tragic end to the kidnapping of their sons. My thoughts and prayers are with these families, and the #Israeli people. Innocent children should never be made targets for violent agendas.
NA
Share if you agree-   "Whether a woman uses contraception should be a private decision not subject to a financial veto by her employer"
With the #HobbyLoby decision, #SCOTUS has put the health of American women at risk while opening the door for private employers who are looking for a reason not to comply with the law. Exempting secular, for-profit corporations from the Affordable Care Act’s contraceptive-coverage requirement is inconsistent with the plain language and legislative intent of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (#RFRA), and undermines the government’s compelling interest in providing women access to preventive health care under the ACA, including contraceptive coverage.  Corporations are not people.Whether or not a woman uses #contraception should be a private decision not subject to a financial veto by her employer. The #ACA guarantees the majority of women coverage for comprehensive preventive health services, including contraception. Imposing additional financial burdens on a woman because her employer claims to hold certain beliefs contrary to the law is harmful and sets a dangerous precedent.
On the 45th anniversary of #Stonewall I am proud of the progress we, as a nation, have made toward greater equality and protection of civil rights for all Americans, but I refuse to be satisfied. I join Allies of the #LGBT community across the country in redoubling our efforts to move towards America in which all Americans are treated with the same dignity no matter who they love or how they identify.   Finally, as communities across the country celebrate #LGBTPride Month, I would like to express a deep sense of solidarity for members of LGBT communities abroad. Far too often in the past year we have seen unabashed ignorance guide foreign governments to pass laws that codifying hate and discrimination. This behavior is unacceptable and I will continue to speak out against such actions wherever they arise.
Good news for fans of  Heavy Seas Beer- there's about to be more #HeavySeas Beer!  #Maryland is home to many small breweries. Small breweries create solid jobs, bolster local supply chains and make some fine products. I am proud to have introduced the #SmallBrew Act in the Senate to help breweries like Heavy Seas expand and create more jobs. 
No matter what side of this debate you are on, most of us agree that America’s immigration system is broken. One year ago U.S. Senate Democrats and Senate Republicans passed a strong, yet fair #ImmigrationRefform bill. For a year Republican leadership in the House has refused to allow a vote to fix our broken system.   The #TimeIsNow.
Today I cosponsored legislation authored by Senator  Bernie Sanders  to give federal regulators emergency power to stop speculators from taking advantage of turmoil in #Iraq to drive up oil prices and make motorists pay more for gasoline.  Wall Street has pushed up the price of crude oil by more than 5 percent since June 12, when #militants attacked and took control of several Iraqi cities. In the longer term, oil prices have risen 53 percent since 2009.    While developments in Iraq have had no impact on the supply of gasoline in the United States today, gas is more expensive now than it’s been in six years at the beginning of the summer driving season, according to #AAA.  The increase has occurred despite the fact that the supply of gasoline is 4.3 percent higher and demand is 1 percent lower than it was five years ago, when national gas prices averaged $2.69 a gallon.
There is no logical reason why gas prices should continue to rise if oil supplies are up and demand is down. Big Oil and Wall Street speculators are preying on Americans’ pocketbooks and it’s just wrong. Using the ongoing conflict in Iraq and every other geopolitical excuse possible to increase profits is a truly disappointing tactic to artificially inflate the price of oil. Our bill reigns in the excessive and malicious speculation that should have no place in the market.  Read more...  
#TBT   365 days ago U.S. Senate Democrats and Republican Senators  passed a bipartisan #ImmigrationReform bill. What is the House waiting on? House #GOP should allow a vote.  #TimeIsNow
Protecting our environment used to be a nonpartisan issue. Sadly- these days all the attacks on the nonpartisan U.S. Environmental Protection Agency are staunchly partisan.   
#MoreThanAProfile
The best way to honor the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act is to move forward additional changes that are critically needed to strengthen the civil rights of all Americans. I am proud to join the leaders of the House Quad Caucuses in this effort. Racial profiling is un-American. It has no place within the values of our country. It should have no place in law enforcement. It wastes valuable resources. It turns communities against the partnerships needed to keep our communities safe. It can harm people. It has to end.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVzHW2qzT0s
About to talk #ChesapeakeBay health with Chuck Todd on the The Daily Rundown. Tune into msnbc now.
Freedom of the press is part of a stable counrty. The crackdown on media in #EGYPT must stop and jailed #AlJazeera journos should be freed. #FreeAJStaff
The proliferation of #carbon pollution in our air is a public health issue, an economic issue and a national security issue. #SCOTUS today affirmed the ability and the responsibility of the federal government to set standards with a goal of reducing pollution in the air. While not absolute, this power will protect our communities from air pollutants like lead and mercury. Pollution does not stop at state borders. Strong but flexible carbon pollution standards for power plants are needed at the federal level, which is welcome news for America’s public health and our clean energy future.
Today U.S. U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Dutch Ruppersberger and Congressman John Sarbanes joined me for a tour the #Baltimore U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center. We had a chance to greet patients and participate in a briefing on the results of the recent audit of the VA Health Care System. We have to make sure that our veterans have access to the high quality care they have earned.
On this 149th anniversary of #Juneteenth, America celebrates the end of slavery in the United States.  Juneteenth – or June 19th – is the day in 1865 when Major General Gordon Granger and Union soldiers enforced ‘General Order No. 3’, finally freeing the remaining slaves in the United States.    Thanks to the hard work of Americans committed to living up to our highest ideals, we have come a long way since that first Juneteenth.  This is a time for joy but also reflection for African Americans. We should use our collective history, and days like Juneteenth, to grow, learn and become more connected to one another. We owe it to those who endured the brutal institution of slavery and to those who dedicated their lives to ending such an injustice.      Today, our children study Marylanders like Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass, both former slaves who helped deliver freedom to millions. As we observe Juneteenth in #Maryland and across the country, we also reflect on the reality that human bondage has not been abolished worldwide.   The continued existence of slavery anywhere is an affront to the progress made since that first Juneteenth and a cause for action.
It’s time for the #Iraqi people to take responsibility for the security and sustainability of their own country.  I voted against granting President #Bush the authority to invade #Iraq in 2003 and I strongly oppose additional forces on the ground today. Rather, the U.S. must act together with the international community to achieve our common goals of a stable Iraq and preventing the entrenchment of extremists in Iraq. Violent groups like #ISIL that seek to spread their extremist activity, are primary examples of why legislation such as the #Syrian War Crimes Act of 2014 is critical to U.S. national security and greater stability in the Middle East.
Yesterday I met with six-year-old Zuri Lancaster of #Bowie, Md., and three-year-old Joshua McCoy of Richmond, Va., both of whom suffer from severe food allergies and eosinophilic esophagitis (#EoE). Along with their parents, these brave toddlers shared their courageous stories of dealing with this rare disease that makes it impossible for them to eat most normal foods.  APFED - American Partnership for Eosinophilic Disorders
I want to thank Acting Secretary Gibson for his urgency in responding to the needs of our #veterans and efforts to improve services in #Maryland. I was pleased to hear from him this afternoon, following his visit to the #Baltimore #VA Regional Medical Center.  I look forward to personally visiting the Baltimore VA Regional Medical Center next week and meeting with our veterans to discuss first hand how we can better address their concerns and help ensure they receive the timely quality #healthcare they have so nobly earned in service to our nation.
Best of luck to the U.S. Soccer team as they get ready to play their first game of the #WorldCup. Especially excited to see Kyle Beckerman of #Arundel High getting the start. #OneNationOneTeam
Had the pleasure of visiting my old school, #Liberty Elementary last Friday. Out of 158 schools in Baltimore, Liberty is the 10th highest performing on state exams--one of only three high-poverty schools that achieved similar results. The folks at Liberty are going above and beyond to break the link between poverty and low achievement.
Happy #FathersDay to all. Special thanks to all the dads who are serving this nation overseas today.
We should use #FlagDay to remember what our flag stands for. Flag Day is about honoring our nation’s history paying special tribute to all that our flag represents, including the principles of justice, equality and liberty.  Flag Day gives us an opportunity to reflect on these core beliefs and to celebrate the ideals that the symbol of our nation represents to all Americans and to people around the world.      We must remember that the ideals for which we stand are defended by brave Americans in uniform. In the days since the Second Continental Congress adopted a flag to represent “a new constellation”, millions of Americans have carried the flag into battle. Our banner still waves and our values endure because of their sacrifices.  By flying the flag, we thank them for their service and reaffirm our commitment to keep America strong and free.”
Today in '67 #Baltimore's Thurgood Marshall was nominated to #SCOTUS. He was confirmed in August and became the first African American to serve on the Court. 
Senator Jay Rockefeller introduced the Children’s Health Insurance Program (#CHIP)  Extension Act of 2014. Created in 1997, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) provides high-quality, cost-effective health care to children and pregnant women across the United States through state-run health insurance plans. Since 1997 the number of uninsured children has been cut in half and 8 million children have access to care who otherwise would not- because of CHIP.   Current funding for CHIP is set to expire Sept. 30 2015, it is critically important that we pass this reauthorization to make sure the most vulnerable among us have access to the care they need.   Please share this and join me in urging the Senate to pass this legislation ASAP. #EXTENDCHIP
#StudentLoan debt is out of control. It slows economic growth and essentially prices many bright Americans out of higher education (at a time when our country needs an educated workforce). Today, U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and U.S. Senate Democrats brought The #BankonStudent Act to the floor in an attempt to give students a #FairShot at an affordable education by allowing them to pay off their loans at a reasonable rate. Sadly, the Senate Minority filibustered the measure- showing they would rather shield billionaires then invest in students. Disappointing.
What's your call, will #CaliforniaChrome become #TripleChrome or will there be a true upset?
Today, we remember the tremendous efforts of Allied Forces as they signaled to the world that unprovoked aggression and genocide have no place in our international order and will be met with our greatest resolve.  I am reminded of the Maryland National Guard units who participated in the D-Day landings.  These brave Marylanders served with great distinction in the 29th Infantry Division, fighting their way across Western Europe and liberating France and Holland.  The 29th Division suffered one of the highest casualty rates of any American division during World War II.  We must honor those heroes by safeguarding all that they fought and sacrificed for.   Today, there are one million surviving World War II veterans in the U.S., and 17,346 of them are Marylanders.  These same heroes who landed on those beaches in Normandy and parachuted behind enemy lines 70 years ago are joined by veterans who have served in conflicts spanning from the Korean War to the War in Afghanistan.  Today, I call on each of my colleges to commit themselves to the work of meeting our obligations to all of these veterans.  The best way to honor their sacrifices is to ensure that we are unwavering in our support for them and their families.
The Chesapeake Bay Watershed has just been officially designated as one of eight Critical Conservation Areas that is eligible for set-aside funding as part of the consolidated RCPP. The new program benefits the region’s farmers and continues a strong foundation for restoring the health of the Chesapeake Bay Watershed.  Ivisited a local Baltimore County farm Friday and met with national and state conservation partners for a kickoff of the new Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP).  The Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP), which will receive more than $100 million annually in mandatory funds - $400 million for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 –emphasizes cooperation between producers and regional stakeholders to work together to improve the effectiveness of agricultural conservation activities by leveraging non-government funds in support of conservation projects. The RCPP also focuses conservation funds on regions with the greatest conservation needs. Allocation of the funding is divided between a state competitive process (25%), USDA’s National Resource Conservation Service (NRCS) for projects based on national competitive process (40%) and projects in up to eight critical conservation areas (35%)- of which the Chesapeake Bay watershed is one.
I was pleased to hear that Army Sgt. Bowe #Bergdahl was coming home after being held captive by the #Taliban for more than five years as a Prisoner of War. We have a solemn commitment to our Prisoners of War to make every effort to secure their freedom. Unfortunately, in this case, there has been a rush to judgment by individuals without all the facts. For this reason, I urge President Obama to move quickly to declassify as much material as possible to help all of us gain a better understanding of Sgt. Bergdahl’s capture and recent release, and the circumstances concerning the detainees who were transferred to #Qatar. I would encourage the public and my fellow lawmakers to wait for all the facts to come out before we begin to draw conclusions.
Today we mark  the twenty-fifth anniversary of the  brutal crackdown on dissidents in #Tiananmen Square.As Chair of the Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, I support a growing and robust bilateral relationship with #China. But we cannot do this without placing a priority on human rights, and I will continue to elevate these issues.  I hope to look back on the next twenty-five years as an era that brought peace and healing through open dialogue, sustainable reforms, and a deep respect of fundamental human rights.
#MD crabcakes need your vote to take down buffalo wings in Roll Call's annual Taste of America Contest.This round ends Friday, vote and share to show your #MDPride
June 4 marks a painful history for many within #China and around the world. The images of #Tiananmen Square on that day, 25 years ago, are seared into our memory.  We hope the tragedy of the events can be the foundation for an accounting of and discussion of the past and modern-day reforms that will ensure that these events are never repeated. A quarter century later, it is disappointing that more progress has not been made and that individuals associated with the events continue to face harassment and imprisonment.  On this important anniversary, we must continue to voice our concerns on restrictions and abuses against freedom of speech, internet freedom, freedom of association, and persecution of religious and ethnic minorities in China.
NA
Good news for users of the Charm City Circulator, the Baltimore City Department of Transportation has received an $854,130 grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation to fund the Charm City Circulator Harbor Connector water taxi service. This grant will allow for the continued operation of the state-of-the-art, all-electric water taxi and high-powered smart charging infrastructure.  Prioritizing public transit is good for Baltimore. It keeps our cities moving safely and efficiently, fueling economic growth and reducing pollution. This grant for the Charm City Circulator represents a smart federal investment in continuing this Chesapeake Bay friendly transit for Baltimoreans and our visitors
Yesterday I met with  students, faculty and administrators at the College of Southern Maryland  to discuss the growing cost of higher education. Student loan debt has ballooned to roughly $1 trillion, a sum larger than the amount of credit card debt held by Americans. At the same time, prices at public four-year institutions have risen more rapidly from 2012-13 than over either of the two preceding decades. All Marylanders – all Americans – deserve a fair shot at pursuing their dreams and succeeding in a field of their choice. We want more of our students to be able to attend outstanding colleges like the College of Southern Maryland. But our students are drowning in college loan debt. In Maryland, more than half of graduating students are borrowing to pay for their education. Nationwide, almost one-third of all undergraduate students rely on subsidized, federal Stafford loans. The fact that the United States Government is making money off of these already overburdened students is shameful. The federal government is earning an estimated $66 billion in profits from student loans originated between 2007 and 2012. This was never congressional intent, and it makes absolutely no sense.
Strong but flexible carbon pollution standards for power plants are needed and welcome news for America’s clean energy future.  For years we have had power plant standards that protect our communities from air pollutants like lead and mercury.  We are finally seeing similar standards for the carbon pollution that is fueling #climatechange, the biggest threat to life on Earth as we know it.  Science tells us climate change is real. It is a threat to our environment but also a public health issue, economic issue and a national security issue. The good news is that the solutions to each of these challenges are intertwined. The notion that we must choose between economic growth and environmental protection is just plain wrong.  “The bold goals set by the Obama Administration today are achievable and will help grow our economy. Already, the U.S. is creating good-paying domestic clean energy jobs to help mitigate the causes of climate change, increase energy efficiency, reduce our carbon footprint and better prepare us for the extreme weather. Where leadership is willing, we are making strides to green our infrastructure, as well as restore and integrate natural defenses against sea level rise and extreme weather. The U.S. must continue to lead globally and by example. Pollution, storms and droughts do not abide by border signs.  In #Maryland, where 70 percent of Marylanders live in coastal zones, we have some of the strictest air pollution standards in the country. We have seen our strong rules contribute to healthier communities and new jobs from a growing economy. The federal standards just announced are important not only in the fight against climate change, but also in our push toward a healthier Chesapeake Bay that fuels our regional economy.
I have been deeply disturbed by the accusations and reports regarding the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs leadership and their failure to care for our ill and injured veterans. Like President Obama, I find these issues with the #VA completely unacceptable. I am committed to meeting the obligations made to those who have sacrificed for our freedom.  General Eric #Shinseki has served this country honorably for nearly five decades. His dedication to his fellow veterans is unmatched. Now that he has resigned his position, we should collectively turn to the real problem at hand which is to make significant changes in the VA system so that our military veterans can receive the timely, quality health care they deserve.  Millions are helped each year by the VA health care system, but more than a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan has overwhelmed a system already bursting at the seams. There must be other options made available.
I am concerned about the investigation into Leyla Yunus and her husband, Arif Yunus, by the Government of #Azerbaijan. Their detention, the search of their home and their continued inability to freely travel to and from Azerbaijan is a troubling indication that they may become the targets of a politically-motivated prosecution.  I strongly urge the Government of Azerbaijan to abide by its commitment to the rule of law and due process
Wishing a Happy birthday to the The Sierra Club. For the last 121 years Sierra Club members have been on the front lines of environmental conservancy. Their efforts have saved natural treasures, improved public health, and constantly reminded us of the environmental wealth and beauty we have in this great land. Thank you and here's to another 121 amazing years.
Maya Angelou’s words were powerful. She chose each one carefully and with purpose. Her life was not an easy one, but she understood that the lessons she shared with the world were important.  Her stories were filled with spirit and resonance. Maya Angelou will be profoundly missed, but she will continue to be a presence, influencing generations with her words, her hope, and her love for all people of this world.
This #MemorialDay should be a time when all Americans can reconnect with our history and core values by honoring those who gave their lives for the ideals we cherish. Memorial Day is a time we hold close to our hearts. In our hectic daily lives, let us not forget why our country remains free.     Throughout this month we have seen many American flags and flowers adorning the graves of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation. We honor them and remember their families, who wear the Gold Star Pin, because they bear the greatest burden of sacrifice.  I remember in particular the 114 Marylanders who have been killed in our most recent conflicts and am reminded that our freedom is not free.
On this #MemorialDay, we recognize our veterans who have sacrificed in the service of this great country.   After a long winter, Americans are finally enjoying the outdoors and spending precious time with their loved ones.  We must always remember that we enjoy these freedoms because the members of the United States Military remain diligent, ready and willing to serve.  This year, 24-year-old Petty Officer Second Class Mark Mayo of Hagerstown, Maryland gave his life, as a civilian assaulted a fellow sailor and grabbed her gun, Petty Officer Mayo stepped into harm’s way, shielded his shipmate, and died so that she could live. 
Had to bring the Maryland Terrapins to Kyiv.
In #Ukraine with Senator Rob Portman. We are about to start a #UkraineVotes press conference. You can watch live here. www.uacrisis.org
The addition of 12 names to the #Magnitsky sanctions list is yet another step toward holding human rights violators accountable when their home countries refuse to act. These sanctions are not sanctions against #Russia, but against individuals who have committed serious human rights violations against #Russians. Most significantly, these additions come as a direct result of an unprecedented Congressional trigger we built into the Magnitsky Act. I am fully committed to continuing the collaboration between Congress and the #Obama Administration in implementing the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, working with administration officials like Tom Malinowski—our new Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor—to advance human rights in Russia and around the world.
I introduced a resolution with Senator Mark Kirk recognizing May as Jewish American Heritage Month and honoring Holocaust survivors for their contributions to the United States of America.  #Jewish American Heritage month is about celebrating the innumerable contributions people of the Jewish faith have been making in Maryland and across America since before our founding. I am thankful for the many Jewish American trailblazers, especially those who have overcome the greatest of obstacles, to strengthen our country through civic engagement and enrich our American culture. My hope is that this resolution will help inspire the next generation of innovators and leaders.
Congrats to all the Goucher College grads. Humbled to share this momentous day with you and your families.
Join U.S. Senate Democrats and help us #SoundtheAlarm4Climate – set your phone to ring at 5 p.m. ET today #ActOnClimate
Tomorrow I will chair a joint United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing titled "The Escalating International Wildlife Trafficking Crisis: Ecological, Economic and National Security Issues " with U.S. Senator Chris Coons.   Worth an estimated $8–10 billion annually, the illegal wildlife trade is among the world's most lucrative criminal activities, and increased demand in Asia for elephant ivory and rhino horn, among other species, has driven poaching to crisis levels in source countries across Africa.  Conserving and protecting natural resources, such as wildlife, requires a coordinated, holistic, and global effort – from the United States to Africa to Asia. As the second largest consumer of wildlife in the world, the United States has an important role to play in this fight. Wednesday's hearing will examine major factors contributing to the crisis, including the involvement of illicit transnational criminal networks and armed terrorist groups, increased demand for illegal wildlife products in Asia, and weak enforcement capacity in source and demand countries in Africa and Asia. The Subcommittees will also examine the scope and implementation of the U.S. Government’s National Strategy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking, released in February 2014.   WHAT:                  Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittees on African Affairs and East Asian and Pacific Affairs joint hearing: “The Escalating International Wildlife Trafficking Crisis: Ecological, Economic and National Security Issues”  WHEN:                  Wednesday, May 21 at 2:15 p.m.  WHERE:                419 Dirksen Senate Office Building   
Today I went to the floor to voice my strong support for the commonsense, bipartisan & much needed #EXPIREACT 
Marriage Equality in #Pennsylvania! Now loving families can be made whole. Today #ItGetsBetter in the North East.  #DecisionDayPA
I urge all parties in #Thailand to refrain from violence, engage in dialogue, and seek a peaceful way forward.  There a quick return to civilian rule, a demonstration of support for #freedom of speech, democratic institutions.     Human Rights Watch
#CaliforniaChrome had a good day in #Baltimore. Congrats, hope everyone enjoyed #Preakness.
#Preakness is finally here, a great day in an amazing city in the best state. Who's your pick to take the second jewel in the triple crown?
Thanks Senator Roy Blunt for standing up for law enforcement by supporting Blue Alert US.   We have a duty to do all we can to protect those who risk their lives to protect us. That's why I introduced the National #BlueAlert Act.  The National Blue Alert Act would create a nationwide alert system to apprehend violent criminals who have seriously injured or killed #police officers. The nationwide alert system would be used to disseminate critical information about the suspect to law enforcement agencies, the public and the media- much in the same way Amber Alert does.     #PoliceWeek
Senator Mitch McConnell and I might not always agree on everything- I am glad we do agree on the need to pass Blue Alert US.    We have a duty to do all we can to protect those who risk their lives to protect us. That's why I introduced the National #BlueAlert Act.   The National Blue Alert Act would create a nationwide alert system to apprehend violent criminals who have seriously injured or killed #police officers. The nationwide alert system would be used to disseminate critical information about the suspect to law enforcement agencies, the public and the media- much in the same way Amber Alert does.      #PoliceWeek
Would like to thank all the #MD law enforcement and first responders who helped end the barricade situation at WMAR-TV - abc2news.com.
***Tuesday May 13 2014- 3PMET***  Ben, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, will hold a hearing to discuss the impacts of #polluted stormwater runoff from #highways and other federally funded transportation infrastructure. This hearing will provide an overview of the serious threats to water quality, structural integrity and effectiveness of our infrastructure; the added cost that highway stormwater poses to these public assets that our tax dollars support; and policy solutions to address those impacts.  http://www.epw.senate.gov
We can never repay the debts we owe to our mothers- but we can try. Wishing everyone a #HappyMothersDay
This Mother’s Day, let’s honor all the women across our nation with the gift of equality by removing the deadline for states to ratify the #EqualRightsAmendment (#ERA).   I think it’s time to give the ERA another chance and I am not alone.   My resolution – S.J. Res. 15 – has bipartisan support in the Senate and strong support among groups including the National Council of Women's Organizations, United 4 Equality, American Association of University Women, Federally Employed Women, Progressive Democrats of America, National Council of Jewish Women, National Organization of Women (NOW), Feminist Majority, and the U.S. Women’s Chamber of Commerce.    You can now add your name to the growing list of supporters as a Citizen Cosponsor.  
Looking for the perfect  #MothersDay gift?  How about  the gift of equality by removing the deadline for states to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment (#ERA).   Follow the link to become a citizen cosponsor.  
Great meeting with some talented Howard University Dental students yesterday at a National Dental Association event.
Turns out OLD BAY® Seasoning IS as good as #MD knows it is. #MadeinMD
Welcome to Baltimore CJ Mosley.
Had the pleasure of addressing members of the National Dental Association today.   Good oral health has proven to be essential to general health and well-being. It is critical that individuals with unmet dental needs within the U.S. health care system obtain timely and cost-effective treatment. It will save lives. It will save money.  Both the Children’s Health Insurance Program and the Affordable Care Act have made great strides toward getting American children access to needed coverage.  But still too many needs are unmet.
Today Senator Richard Blumenthal Christopher Murphy Senator Jeff Flake  Congressman Steve Cohen and I met with with members of #PussyRiot. Very productive conversation about our moral and strategic interests in protecting and advancing #humanrights world wide and in #Russia.
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and member of the Subcommittee on #African Affairs, released the following statement regarding the kidnapping of more than 200 #Nigerian school girls:  It is unconscionable that more than 200 young women attempting to gain an education have been kidnapped by the extremist terrorist group #BokoHaram. Even more disturbing is the fact that they intend to sell these girls into slavery and forced marriages.  There is no question that time is of the essence. I urge the United States and our allies around the world to coordinate efforts to bring these girls home safely. Human trafficking is inexcusable, and Boko Haram must be brought to justice.    I join many of my Congressional colleagues and people around the world in thinking of the families of the kidnapped girls and praying for their speedy and safe return.  #BringOurGirlsBack
#TeacherAppreciationWeek I am a proud product of Baltimore City Public Schools.   My favorite teacher was Ms. Eddie Brown at Garrison Jr. High. She was my English teacher and really made her students love to learn.   #ThankATeacher
Tomorrow I will join Senator Richard Blumenthal and  Congressman Steve Cohen in welcoming Nadya Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina of the #Russian protest group  Pussy Riot to Washington D.C.   Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina are visiting Washington to highlight the need for prompt, full, and ongoing implementation of the #Magnitsky Act.   #PussyRiot is not a band, but rather a #feminist #punk protest group. They do not give concerts, but stage provocative performances in public locations, one of which led to the arrest of Ms. Tolokonnikova and Ms. Alyokhina on charges of hooliganism for which they served two years in prison. After experiencing firsthand the harsh and political nature of Russia’s judicial system, upon their release they immediately focused their advocacy work on those—like Sergei Magnitsky—who suffer and die all too often in #Russia’s vast penal system.
***Tuesday, May 6, 2014 12:00 p.m.***  U.S. Helsinki Commission Hearing: #Georgia 2008, #Ukraine 2014:  Is #Moldova Next?  #Russia’s annexation of #Crimea has raised concerns that a scenario whereby Russia annexes Transnistria, Moldova’s secessionist region, is a very realistic possibility. Similar to Russia’s de facto annexation of Georgia’s two secessionist regions and Ukraine’s Crimea, Russia’s aggression against Moldova would be occurring as citizens of Moldova are considering accession to the major Euro-Atlantic institutions. The #Transnistria “Parliament” has called for Russia to annex Transnistria, a breakaway region of Moldova. The briefing offers a timely opportunity to examine Russia’s intentions with regard to Transnistria and Moldova given President Putin’s recent assertion to President #Obama that Transnistria remains under an economic blockade and that the residents of the region suffer severe hardships as a result. This was the principal justification advanced by Russia at the #OSCE during 2008, shortly before Russia provoked Georgia into military action.      
Great day for Maryland workers. Martin O'Malley signed #MinimumWage bill raising the rate to $10.10. This is a good step in ensuring all Marylanders get a #Fairshot at success. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will follow #Maryland's lead.
Let's see how #CaliforniaChrome holds up in #Baltimore. Looking forward to the 2nd and most glimmering jewel in the Triple Crown- #Preakness
Quite simply the international community may disagree on many things but the effort to #bringourgirlsback should unite all nations.
2014 Color of Wealth Summit Presented by The Center for Global Policy Solutions.  Live webcast of the summit starts on Thursday, May 1, at 8:45 a.m. EDT!  "For every dollar in wealth held by the typical white family in 2009, the typical Latino and African-American families only own six and five cents respectively. Lost in the conversation about inequality in America has been the fact that racial and ethnic wealth inequality is more stark, has a devastating impact on households of color, and, if left unchecked, will have profound implications for the U.S. economy as the nation’s demographics shift over the next few decades.  The summit seeks to engage Members of Congress, Congressional staff, the media, and the public in a dialogue about the racial wealth gap, its effect on marginalized households, its impact on the U.S. economy, and solutions for closing the gap."    Speakers include Nancy Pelosi Representative Marcia L. FudgeRepresentative Elijah E. Cummings Barbara Lee Gwen S. Moore U.S. Rep. Tony Cárdenas Judy Chu and more.   Summit National Partners: NAACP The National Urban League National Council of La Raza First Peoples Worldwide Center for Responsible Lending New American Foundation and more.   
Americans deserve a #fairshot at making ends meet and supporting their family, not yet another procedural #filibuster. I am disappointed that we were blocked from even debating a measure that would help our economy and 28 million hard-working Americans making the minimum wage. If you work 40 hours a week, there is not a state in this country where you can find affordable housing. You cannot support your family on the minimum wage in 2014 in the United States of America. I find that unacceptable. Maryland and other states have taken a step forward to raise the minimum wage on their own. It’s time for the federal government to stand up for workers all across this country. History has shown that when we previously raised the minimum wage, our economy as whole grew stronger. It’s time we give a raise to American workers and their families.
The #Senate passed a resolution coauthored by Chuck Grassley recognizing the importance of  #Civics Education as a means to strengthen our democracy.   “The health of our democracy depends on having well informed and involved citizens. Civics education is key to cultivating a generation of future leaders, who -- with the lessons learned from our rich democratic history -- will lead us to a bright future.” said Senator Cardin. “I thank my Senate colleagues for uniting in behind civics education and pledging to support our dedicated teachers and administrators.”   MORE  
Joining Senator Roger Wicker in raising alarms about the treatment of Jews and other minorities by Pro-#Russians militants in Eastern Ukraine.  “In addition to the OSCE – The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe observers, several dozen people — #journalists, #activists, #police officers, #politicians — are reportedly being held captive in makeshift jails in Slovyansk … we continue to be deeply dismayed at the other flagrant violations of human rights by pro-#Russian militants in eastern and southern #Ukraine,” the senators wrote. “These attacks and threats underscore the importance of the #OSCE Special Monitoring Mission and other OSCE institutions in Ukraine in assessing the situation on the ground and helping to de-escalate tensions. …"  MORE 
Americans deserve a #FairShot, not another #GOP #Filibuster.
Heading the the Senate floor to support U.S. Senate Democrats #RaiseTheWage initiative.   "In 1968 nominal #minimumwage was $1.60 per hour. If adjusted for inflation to July 2013 dollars, it should be close to $10.77.  Here's the problem- now wage is $7.25"     
It doesn’t take a scientist to understand that air pollution doesn’t stop at a state borderline. I applaud the strong decision by #SCOTUS that reaffirms the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's role in protecting our children from cross-state air pollution. #MD, despite having some of the strictest #cleanair rules in the country, continues to suffer from dirty air – and the resulting harm to public #health – because of #pollution from other states. It’s time for the excuses to end when it comes to polluters cleaning up their act.
"The #Navy will award Master-at-Arms 2nd Class Mark Mayo the Navy and #Marine Corps Medal at a ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery, where Mayo will be buried Friday, Naval Station #Norfolk, Va., said in a Wednesday news release.  Mayo, 24, was shot and killed March 24 by a civilian intruder who disarmed the Mahan’s petty officer of the watch. Mayo was shot four times by Jeffrey Savage after placing himself between the sailor and Savage in order to protect the disarmed watchstander."  
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day, I join people from all nations and all faiths in remembering the six million Jews and others who had their lives and families torn apart in the Shoah. We honor the memory of those humanity lost and cherish the lives of the survivors. In the United States, Israel and across the world, Holocaust Survivors still bear the physical and mental scars, proof of the barbarism some are capable of. Survivors are a testament to the strength of the human spirit and the power of faith. Sadly we are losing Holocaust Survivors daily, along with their priceless knowledge of our history. They have our utmost respect. Now, more than ever, we must do all that is possible to allow the Survivors among us to age with comfort and dignity.   In memory of those who fought back in Warsaw and elsewhere, this Day of Remembrance must also be a day of action.  ‘Never again’ must not be words left to history but actions that we take daily to protect the basic human rights of all peoples. We must be vigilant in the fight to erase ignorance and blind hate from our communities. We owe it to past and future generations work towards a more just and caring world for all people.
Azerbaijan should respect the rule of law & acquit the NIDA defendants. #Freedom to prisoners of conscience in #Azerbaijan #NIDA #azadet
#MD and the #ChesapeakeBay lost a true friend with the passing of Torrey Brown. I had the pleasure of serving with Torrey in the Maryland General Assembly and working with him when he headed Access DNR.   
Join the National Aquarium in Baltimore in going beyond #EarthDay and beyond #EarthWeek. Their  #48DaysofBlue campaign is focused on sustained action to #SaveTheBay and change the world. You can take a few small steps to make a big difference.  
This #EarthDay we must demonstrate to the next generation that change is possible.
As we celebrate #EarthWeek, more than four decades after the first #EarthDay in 1970, one of the most important lessons we can pass along to our children and grandchildren is that we must work to protect and improve the livability and environmental health of our planet.   This is an urgent issue. From the dead zones in the #Chesapeake Bay - an icon at the heart of #Maryland's #economy and culture - to thick air in downtown #Beijing, #China, and places in between, climate change is the biggest global threat facing humanity. Deadlier storms, rising sea levels, crippling droughts and deadly wildfires are leaving #American taxpayers with growing tabs for mounting costs of disaster recovery. The cost of preparation is far less.  As a Nation, we must demonstrate to the next generation that change is possible.  We must act now to reduce our carbon footprint. We can reduce pollution, and in doing so we can help our environment and grow our economy by continuing the American tradition of technological innovation.   Seventy percent of Marylanders live in coastal zones. We see the scientific impact of climate change on Smith Island and the Inner Harbor, in the fields of Western Maryland and the edges of Ocean City. But in Maryland, strong clean energy rules have had an impact for the better. We saw it in the lesser damage incurred during Hurricane Sandy and we've seen it in job creation and economic growth. Investing in renewable energy, energy efficiency and infrastructure resiliency will result in cleaner, healthier communities, it will create jobs and it will bolster our economy regionally and nationally.
Join me in congratulating #MD's own Tatyana McFadden on winning the #BostonMarathon's women's wheelchair race. #Maryland raised and #BostonStrong! Congrats & happy birthday!
Good luck to all the #BostonMarathon runners. Would like to express special support for the ~600 #MD marathoners. #BostonStrong
Observing a moment of silence at 10:03ET in memory of those we lost in the attack on the #Oklahoma City federal building 19 years ago today
Update on the tragic loss of Master-at-Arms 2nd Class Mark Mayo.  "Mayo, the chief of the guard, raced to the scene as the assault unfolded. The now-armed Savage was poised to shoot the female sailor when Mayo rushed in and, placed himself between them...  Many are calling for the posthumously awarding Mayo the Navy and Marine Corps Medal, the highest non-combat heroism award."
The world has lost an amazing author. Gabriel García Márquez will be dearly missed.   "It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams."
This is beyond impressive.   "Firefighter William Fisher returned to work at Odenton Volunteer Fire Company this month, eight months after having his right leg amputated below the knee, the result of a lingering injury from his U.S. Army service in #Iraq.  Eventually, the repeated surgeries got to be too much, and Fisher said he asked for an amputation — a decision he hasn't regretted"  The Baltimore Sun
Great news coming out of Clarksburg, Maryland.   BrightFocus is awarding 8.7 $8.7 million in research grant awards to find a cure for #Alzheimers & #glaucoma.   This act of generosity in #Maryland will help people across the world. 
Sending thoughts and prayers to all in South Korea touched by the ferry sinking. USS Bonhomme Richard (LHD 6) has been dispatched to aid in the rescue operation. Will continue to watch the situation as it unfolds.
Those affected by the the Boston Marathon bombing are still in my thoughts and prayers. First responders, everyday citizens and the entire City of Boston met the worst the world could throw at them with their best. They were, and still are making us proud by being  #BostonStrong.
A Progressive Consumption Tax would take the headache out of #TaxDay for millions of Americans.   #PCT
As true today as it was then.    "The right of every American to first-class citizenship is the most important issue of our time." - Jackie Robinson   #JackieRobinsonDay
Yesterday I met with members of Maryland’s Ukrainian community for a roundtable discussion to share the latest information on the U.S. and international response to the crisis in Ukraine, including the continued hostility by Russia.  Ukraine is an incredibly important country and #Ukrainian Americans are rightly concerned for their family and friends about Russia’s actions in #Crimea and what #Russia might do next. The U.S. and the international community will ensure that Russia is held accountable for its blatant violations of international agreements and unlawful violation of #Crimea’s sovereign borders. The sanctions leveled against Russia are directed at Mr. Putin and his inner circle that are responsible for this ongoing aggression, not the people of Russia. We will ensure that Mr. Putin pays a heavy price for his inability to conform to international norms, and honor Russia’s agreements. The government in #Kyiv has the full support of United States and we will use all available diplomatic and economic tools to return stability to Ukraine.  Through our economic policies, particularly energy, we need to help Prime Minister Yatsenyuk and the new leadership in Kyiv succeed without being beholden to Russia. The message clearly received from Maryland’s Ukrainian American clergy, local Ukrainian leaders and advocacy organizations is one of worry for their family in Ukraine. They are united in a strong determination that the U.S. and international partners keep the pressure on Russia for what they have done in Crimea, and so additional regions are not put at greater risk.
Yesterday I had the pleasure of hosting members of the Fort George G. Meade, Md Alliance and other #MD businesses for a roundtable about the future of #cybersecurity in Maryland.   For Marylanders, cybersecurity means a growing base of high quality, high tech #jobs on the forefront of protecting both national security and civil rights. Maryland is the place to be for cybersecurity and the federal government should be a valuable partner that brings predictability to the marketplace. Developing a workforce that is proficient in #STEM and cyber skills is good for our regional economy and our national security. We need strong public-private partnerships to match skills training with the high-tech cyber jobs available today and long into the future. And we must maintain and modernize our public transportation infrastructure to attract the most qualified businesses and workers to our communities
I was deeply saddened to hear about the tragic shooting in Kansas. The hate that motivated this act of violence flies in the face of everything we believe as Americans.  We have made so much progress against prejudice and intolerance in this nation, but this senseless killing illustrates just how far we still have to go.  Anti-Semitism has no place in our society, and I urge all Americans to stand with the people of Overland Park.  My prayers are with the victims’ families at this difficult time.
In #Baltimore meeting with members of the #MD #Ukrainian community about the ongoing situation in #Ukraine.
NA
Often an organization closes its doors because they've accomplished a goal or outlived their usefulness to society or the market. But Russia's decision to force ADC Memorial( АДЦ Мемориал)in St. Petersburg to close if it does not register as a foreign agent is proof-positive that this #NGO’s work is needed and their message is powerful. The affiliated Memorial in #Moscow was founded during the #Soviet period of perestroika to address a totalitarian past. Now, as the darkness of lies and propaganda appear again on the #Russian horizon, we will not waiver in our support for groups like Memorial that are dedicated to telling the truth about the past and the present no matter the cost.” ADC Memorial Anti-discrimination Center is one of many nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) in Russia forced to fight for their right to operate in the wake of tremendous government pressure against them. Russian president Vladimir Putin has conducted a systematic campaign to shrink the space for independent voices in Russia. The “foreign agents law” enacted by Russia in 2012 requires all NGOs that accept foreign funds to register as foreign agents. Many groups such as ADC Memorial have decided to cease operations rather than submit to the onerous labeling and reporting requirements that are clearly meant to smear them as traitors and force them to close.
"The Democracy Restoration Act, important legislation that seeks to restore voting rights in federal elections to millions of disfranchised Americans, was introduced today in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives by Senator Ben Cardin and Congressman John Conyers, Jr.."- via ACLU Nationwide  
Today I introduced a bill, S. 2235, the Democracy Restoration Act that would reduce recidivism rates by restoring voting rights to individuals after they have served their time and have been released from incarceration. Studies indicate that former prisoners who have voting rights restored are less likely to reoffend, and that disenfranchisement hinders their rehabilitation and reintegration into their community. Original cosponsors of S. 2235 include Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Senator Patrick Leahy, Senator Dick Durbin, Cory Booker, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Senator Tom Harkin and Bernie Sanders. Companion legislation also was introduced today in the House of Representatives by Congressman John Conyers, Jr., Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee.  An estimated 5.85 million citizens of the United States – about 1 in 40 adults in the United States – currently cannot vote as a result of a felony conviction. Of the estimated 5.85 million citizens barred from voting, only 25% are in prison. By contrast, 75% of the disenfranchised reside in their communities while on probation or parole or after having completed their sentences.  Approximately 2.6 million citizens who have completed their sentences remain disenfranchised due to restrictive state laws.  In 35 States, convicted individuals may not vote while they are on parole. In 11 States, a conviction can result in lifetime disenfranchisement. Several States require prisoners to seek discretionary pardons from Governors, or action by the parole or pardon board, in order to regain their right to vote. Several States deny the right to vote to individuals convicted of certain misdemeanors. States are slowly moving or repeal or loosen many of these barriers to voting for ex-prisoners.  State disenfranchisement laws have a disproportionate impact on racial and ethnic minorities. Eight percent of the African-American population, or 2 million #AfricanAmericans, are disenfranchised, compared to less than 2 percent of non-African-Americans. Currently, 1 of every 13 African-Americans is rendered unable to vote because of felony disenfranchisement– a rate four times greater than non-African Americans. In three states, more than one in five African Americans is unable to vote because of prior convictions (#Florida-23 percent; #Kentucky-22 percent; #Virginia-20 percent). #Latino citizens and #NativeAmericans are also disproportionately disenfranchised based on their representation in the criminal #justice system. In four states, Latinos were disenfranchised by a rate of more than 25 percent (#California- 37 percent; #NewYork-34 percent; #Texas-30 percent; #Arizona-27 percent).  The Democracy Restoration Act has been endorsed by a large coalition of public interest organizations, including: civil rights and reform organizations; religious and faith-based organizations; and law enforcement and criminal justice organizations. In particular, Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law, ACLU Nationwide, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, NAACP and Blacks in Law Enforcement of America have played a leadership role advancing this legislation. Most recently, in a February 2014 speech, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Holder called on elected officials to reexamine disenfranchisement statutes and enact reforms to restore voting rights. S. 2235, the Democracy Restoration Act, follows the precedent of the Second Chance Act, signed into law by President  George W. Bush in 2008, as a measure to reduce #recidivism rates, strengthen the quality of life in our communities and make them safer, and reduce the burden on taxpayers.
4,450- #MD #Veterans Cut Off UI as of 4/5 125-MD Veterans Cut Off UI Each Week 5,463- Veteran Job Seekers Helped if the #House would pass the Senate #RenewUI
Share if you agree:   #EqualPay for equal work is an American value.   #PayCheckFairness was filibustered by the Senate GOP for a 3rd straight time earlier today. Despite their refusal to even allow debate on how to level the playing field for working women-  U.S. Senate Democrats will continue to fight for equal pay. 
NA
                           ***TODAY 10AM EST*** Senator Ben Cardin will chair a hearing of the U.S. Helsinki Commission  Ukraine: Confronting Internal Challenges and External Threats  The hearing will offer an assessment of the current situation in Ukraine as it addresses difficult internal challenges exacerbated by #Russian seizure of #Crimea as well as an assessment of ongoing threats and challenges to other countries in the region. The hearing will address current U.S. policy, and how the United States, together with the international community, including the #EU and the #OSCE, can best continue to assist Ukraine and deter further Russian aggression.    WATCH LIVE HERE http://csce.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=ContentRecords.ViewDetail&ContentRecord_id=1130&ContentRecordType=P&ContentType=P&CFID=13366278&CFTOKEN=ebe0797d36d12a50-C172FFD0-9EF1-D117-28DD8E956BF3F2A9
$8,323,369,708- The average combined amount of money #Maryland women who are employed full time lose in a year due to the #wagegap. Think what that translates to into mortgage, car, and tuition payments. How much in gas and groceries? How much longer will a woman have to be employed to enjoy the same retirement security as a man who worked the same job? #EqualPay for equal work, I support the #PayCheckFairnessAct because I  believe in a level playing field.
On #EqualPayDay we remember that #EqualPay for equal work isn't just a women's issue- Its a matter of basic fairness that concerns all Americans. I stand with U.S. Senate Democrats in supporting the #PaycheckFairnessAct. I hope our friends on the other side of the aisle will join us in giving everyone a #FairShot at success.
“Extending Emergency Unemployment Insurance benefits is the right thing to do.  We never should have let the program expire at the end of 2013. I am pleased that the Senate has taken action but the House must complete their job and bring relief to the millions of Americans who, through no fault of their own, are still in limbo waiting for us to end this needless gridlock. Unemployment rates are getting lower and we’ve restored the number of jobs lost in the recession, but if you're one of the millions still unemployed and you're looking for work, it's pretty tough out there. Americans who are looking for work continue to face an historically tight job market. We cannot just leave them and their families to fall into poverty when there is a clear path to support them that also boosts our overall economy.”  #RenewUI
I had the pleasure of attending the FIRST Robotics Competition last Friday. Teams from across the tri-state area put their robotics skills to the test.  It was great to meet so many teams from across Maryland. Events like these are so important to honing and popularizing the STEM skills that are critical to empowering the workforce of tomorrow.
NA
Kudos #MD General Assembly on passage of #minimumwage bill. #Congress should follow their example & promote #OpportunityForAll.
Great to have Barack Obama in Prince George's County, Maryland announcing a $7 million federal grant to expand a program that helps students prepare for jobs in the region.   Watch his remarks live here. 
Proud to introduce introduced the Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act of 2014 with Senator Marco Rubio. The bill would require the U.S. Department of State to report to relevant congressional committees on #warcrimes and crimes against humanity committed in Syria. This would include an account of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both the regime of President Bashar al-#Assad and violent extremist groups and other combatants involved in the conflict. The report also requires a description of U.S. government efforts to ensure accountability for #humanrights violations in #Syria. U.S. Senator Tim Kaine also a member of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , is an original cosponsor of the legislation.   Read more here:
Joining Senator Mike Crapo in celebrating the voice vote approval today in the Environment and Public Works Committee of The National Fish Habitat Conservation Act (#NFHCA) authorizes $7.2 million annually for fish #habitat restoration and protection projects that are supported by regional #Fish Habitat Partnerships. The bill leverages public-private partnerships and engage stakeholders like commercial #fisherman, anglers, outfitters and other angling and sportsmen industries to make lasting improvements to the health and sustainability of our nation’s fish habitats.  Choosing to protect our natural resources is good for our environment and our economy. We need deliberate and targeted action to stem the loss of our precious fisheries resources and millions of related jobs, by ensuring that these important aquatic habitats are better preserved. Our bill takes a comprehensive approach to stopping the single greatest cause of declining fish populations, by stemming the decline of healthy aquatic ecosystems that are critical to all fish species. We need to encourage healthier habitats for waterfowl and other wildlife as well as safer recreational waters for Americans to swim, boat and fish.  According to the most recent data available from the National Survey of Fishing, Hunting, and Wildlife-Associated Recreation, in 2011, more than 90 million U.S. residents – 40 percent of all those over age 16 – participated in wildlife-related activities, including fishing, hunting and wildlife watching. These recreationists spent over $145 billion pursuing these activities, contributing to millions of jobs in industries and businesses that support wildlife-related recreation.
Certainly keeping all those affected by the shooting at Fort Hood in my thoughts and prayers as we head into the night.
NA
#AutismAwareness Day  On this World Autism Awareness Day we turn our attention to those touched by autism. Many Americans have a family member, friend or neighbor with the condition or have autism themselves. For them one day of awareness is great- 365 days of action is much better. With that in mind, I urge all Americans to look at April 2, 2014 as a call to action. On this day let us reflect on what we can do to make sure that Autistic Americans and their families have the tools they need to succeed. We must do more to make sure that those diagnosed with autism and their families have the full support of the American people and Congress. I look forward to seeing the progress we have made together one year from today.
Ben is live on Washington Journal discussing the situation in #Russia and #Ukraine, tune into C-SPAN now.
Excited to introduce  (S. 2189) the Energy Efficiency Tax Incentives Act with Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Brian Schatz. The legislation will boost energy efficiency in government, in industry, and in commercial and residential buildings which account for more than 40 percent of energy consumption in the United States.  #Energyefficiency improvements are a smart, cost-effective way to reduce #pollution, increase the competitiveness of our manufacturers, and put Americans back to work. It’s simply good business and good policy. As a nation, we are becoming more energy efficient, but we have a long way to go. Encouraging the retrofitting of existing buildings needs to be a priority as up to 80 percent of the buildings standing today will still be here in 2050. Our #Tax Code can be an effective tool in promoting energy efficiency building and retrofits in all sectors.
The birds are back in town! Great win for the Baltimore Orioles, great win for #birdland!
Open enrollment for 2014 coverage ends today(MARCH 31). If you need health insurance, #GetCoveredNow, visit HealthCare.gov or call 1-800-318-2596  
#OpeningDay (March 31) is also the close of the 1st round of #ACA open enrollment. #GetCovered today. Visit www.healthcare.gov or call 1-800-318-2596
"Today we celebrate the life of fellow Marylander, Master-At-Arms Second Class Mark Mayo. His heroic sacrifice is the truest display of the U.S. Navy’s Core Values of Honor, Courage, and Commitment. The U.S. Navy confirmed yesterday that Petty Officer Mayo put himself in harm’s way to save his shipmate.  On behalf of a grateful Nation and my fellow Senators, I offer my sincerest condolences to the family, friends, and shipmates of Petty Officer Mayo."   Watch Senator Senator Ben Cardin's full remarks below.   
Congrats to Calvert Memorial Hospital for earning the title of  safest hospital in the D.C. area.
Join Senator Ben Cardin for a Briefing-  "The Equal Rights Amendment - Unfinished Business for the Constitution"  Thursday, March 27, 2014 3:00 pm- 4:30 pm  Live streaming on www.cardin.senate.gov
Since being signed into law the #ACA has been protecting Americans from free-wheeling insurance company tactics that used to drop people when they got sick, charged women more for coverage than men, capped benefits, and spent more than a reasonable amount lining their own pockets than providing quality health coverage. With only 5 days left to sign up before the March 31 deadline, now is the time to #GetCovered.     "The Hunt family of Frederick County described the bankruptcy and anxiety they endured before the Affordable Care Act's mandates started. Their son Corey was in college and diagnosed with a brain tumor just as they were switching to a new health insurance policy.  The new insurer originally declined to cover Corey because of the tumor, said his mother, Michelle Hunt.  The Affordable Care Act required insurers to cover him with the pre-existing condition, and his treatment has been a success.  Because of the Affordable Care Act, “he's here today,” Michelle Hunt said." - Via Frederick News-Post  
Great #RetroBaltimore/ The Baltimore Sun piece on the Senior U.S Senator from Maryland, my colleague and our friend-   U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski  "No matter how much time she spends in Washington, however, Mikulski remains a certified Baltimorean; few Bawlamer accents have gained such national notoriety. She’s equally at home pressing her fellow senators, as chair of the Appropriations Committee, to restore money earmarked for needy families that had been cut during the sequestration battle, or speaking movingly to an audience at the Maryland Film Festival about why the movie “To Kill a Mockingbird” had such a profound effect on her."   #MDWomenLead #MarylandDay #MdPolitics #WHM 
A boss can veto your vacation request but they shouldn't be able to veto your use of #contraception #NotMyBossBusiness
Let's #HearTheCrunch in #Maryland and across America. Proud to partner with Maryland Hunger Solutions to fight food insecurity.
Ben is about to deliver keynote remarks on a #Progressive Consumption Tax and #TaxReform at the  #AtlanticTaxSummit. The remarks will be followed by an interview and conversation moderated by Nancy Cook of the National Journal   Watch live here
Had a great time visiting Frederick High School today. Frederick County Public Schools are ahead of many other schools systems in the country in equipping students with the skills they need to find high quality, fulfilling jobs and keep our economy growing.  Fostering a love of STEM in our young people today means that we will have a generation of problem solvers and innovators ready to take on the challenges of tomorrow.   Those future problem solvers and innovators wanted a "selfie".
Today is @un #worldwaterday. Let's #ToastToWater. No matter who you are- clean water is essential to social, economic well being and public health. Cheers!
In 3 days we will mark the passage of the Affordable Care Act, it has already given millions of Americans important consumer protections and access to quality, affordable healthcare.
Please Share ***#AmberAlert***  Relisha Rudd (8 years-old) Vehicle:      1976 GMC Truck, White     Maryland license plate #305015  The Metropolitan Police Department is seeking the publics assistance in locating 8 year-old Relisha Rudd in a White 1976 GMC truck MD tag 305015. She may be traveling with Kahlil Malik Tatum. If you have information, contact: MPD Command Information Center Call: 202-727-9099 or 911   Relisha Rudd      Age now: 8 years-old     Sex: Female     Skin: Black     Hair: Black     Eyes: Brown     Height: 4 feet 0 inches     Weight: 70 to 80 pounds
Here's a #SaveTheBay #TBT with the good folks from the  Chesapeake Bay Foundation.   #ThrowBackThursday
Senator Ben Cardin, co-author of the Cardin-Lugar extractive industries provision in Section 1504 of the #DoddFrank Reform Act, praised the latest step toward greater #transparency in the #oil, #gas and #mining industries.  The White House announced that the United States has become the first #G8  country to achieve candidate status and become an Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (#EITI) implementing country. Per the White House, “we join a group of 41 countries around the world that are working actively to improve the management of their oil, gas, and mining sectors.”    “The transparency frameworks that are integral to the Cardin-Lugar provision and the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative should be the norm around the world for both developing and more developed countries.  As the first G-8 country to join EITI, the United States is leading by example to strengthen efforts to combat corruption, increase energy security, and support economic development for impoverished communities in resource-rich nations. We are not immune to corruption in this country, so the more tools we have to publicize information about our natural resources the more transparent and accountable we become to the American people." - Ben   cc. Publish What You Pay, Oxfam America, Revenue Watch Institute The Lugar Center
Senator Dick Durbin shares some well deserved kind words about the University of Maryland on the #Senate floor last week.   "...The best example I can come up with of worthy education through the #military, University of Maryland"
“Working together, the Senate took needed action to slow down and limit the unconscionable rate increases for federal flood insurance, which would have been unaffordable for many homeowners and made it more difficult to sell homes on the market.  The legislation caps annual premium increases and grandfathers certain properties into their original flood risk zones and rates.  The legislation also improves the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) process for remapping of flood zones, requiring greater community input and affordability studies.  Congress must continue to work with FEMA to ensure both the affordability of flood insurance and the long-term solvency of the National Flood Insurance Program.”
Thanks to Voice of America  and Reuters for pausing their interviews so I could catch the final few seconds of the Maryland Terrapins ACC basketball. Rough day, looking forward to next season.
I am proud to have a fellow Marylander among the financial leaders that are guiding our economy towards future growth and stability. Sarah Bloom Raskin’s impressive résumé and reverence for public service make her particularly well-suited to be at the upper ranks of America’s fiscal leadership.  Once sworn into office, she will be the highest ranking woman in the history of the Treasury Department.  
Today I would like to express my strong support for S.Res. 265, a resolution I co-sponsored deploring the violent repression of peaceful demonstrators in #Venezuela, calling for full accountability for human rights violations taking place in Venezuela, and supporting the right of the Venezuelan people to the free and peaceful exercise of representative democracy.  Since February 4, 2014 the #Venezuelan people have taken to the streets on a daily basis to express frustration with the country’s high inflation, corruption, food shortages, lack of press freedoms, lack of due process, violent crime, and other grievances.  Addressing these legitimate concerns is a basic function of a democratic government.  Instead, we’ve seen a crackdown on protests through unlawful use of force, a stifling of the media, and the detention of opposition leaders.  Over 22 people have been killed, hundreds injured, and over a thousand people arrested during these protests.  The Venezuelan Government is an elected government, and as such, it should act like a democratic government by immediately addressing the core concerns of its people through meaningful dialogue, halting the use of force, and providing a safe space for the Venezuelan people to express their views peacefully.  Without a genuine, transparent conversation to address the central concerns raised by the protestors, Venezuela faces a bleak future. Contrary to comments by the Venezuelan government, this crisis is not about the United States; it is about the Venezuelan people.  But the crisis does have implications for peace and security in the hemisphere and the broader international community.  The United States always has stood and always will stand for basic freedoms, including freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, and freedom of the press.  We will not back down on protecting and promoting these universal values.  Nor should the international community.  It’s incumbent upon neighboring countries and regional organizations to be vocal during this critical point, to take a stand for universal human rights, and to expect the highest level of respect for representative democracy from its hemispheric neighbor.  Today, we see tension and unrest around the world.  Each situation is unique; however, the desire for fundamental human rights is universally-recognized.  I call on my colleagues and nations around the world to stand up for these basic freedoms and support a path toward a stable, peaceful, and prosperous Venezuela.
#ICYMI Ben's #Up4Climate speech from earlier today.    “We can leave our children and grandchildren a cleaner planet and a better future. That's what's at stake here, and that's why we've taken this time.” 
Interested in an #internship with Senator Cardin? Time is running out, the deadline to apply for the summer session is March 15. If you’ve ever wanted to get a behind the scenes look at a congressional office, learn unique skills, and meet new people- this is your chance.  Apply now, hope to see you in the summer.
Final prep for #Up4Climate speech. Should be on the floor at ~8am watch here or tune into cspan radio. 
No one is looking to say "I told you so" when it comes to #climatechange. We need to act today (tonight) so we can all enjoy a better tomorrow. #up4climate
I'm #Up4Climate because we can't go down without a fight.
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.) released the following statement expressing his deepest respects for the late Leo Bretholz who passed Saturday at his home in Pikesville. Bretholz was a Holocaust survivor and resistance fighter who turned his story into the memoir Leap Into Darkness. In 1947 Bretholz emigrated to Baltimore, entered the publishing business and shared his story with audiences worldwide. At the time of his death Bretholz was advocating for reparations for Holocaust survivors who were transported to the camps by the French railroad company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer Francais (SNCF).    “Myrna and I are mourning the loss of Leo Bretholz. Leo was a warm and loving man who inspired countless people around the world. He was a man of unique strength and courage. As a young man he used every ounce of that strength and courage to escape a Nazi railcar bound for Auschwitz. After escaping Leo joined the underground resistance movement in France as part of Armée Juvie. His efforts during the war saved countless lives. Leo was more than a hero; he was a role model for us all. After witnessing humanity at its worst, he responded with his best. His effort to seek justice for Holocaust victims was beyond admirable. I take solace in the fact that Leo Bretholz was able to contribute so much to this world in his 93 years.  My prayers go out to his children and grandchildren.”
Caitlyn Virts found safe. Such wonderful news. thanks to state and local law enforcement, and to vigilant citizens. Special thanks to Baltimore County Police Department and FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Tonight 630 EST PM on CNN Ben will be on Crossfire  opposite U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham discussing the situation in #Ukraine, #Russia, and the way forward. Newt Gingrich and Sally Kohn will are hosting.
Please Share ***#AmberAlert***  Caitlyn Virts (11 years old) Vehicle:      1999 Dodge Durango, Black     Maryland license plate #5AJ4458  UPDATE: Added photos. Maryland Child Abduction Emergency: Caitlyn Marie Virts an 11 year old W/F in the company of Timothy Virts a 38 year old W/M last seen in #Dundalk, #MD operating a 1999 Dodge Durango MD tag 5AJ4458. Do not take action call #77 OR 911.  The Maryland State Police at the request of Baltimore County Police Department have issued a Maryland Child AMBER Alert for Caitlyn Marie Virts.  LOCATION: The child was last observed at approximately 7 am in the area of Dundalk, MD. The child is believed to have been abducted by the suspect.  VEHICLE: A possible suspect vehicle is a black 1999 Dodge Durango bearing MD registration: 5AJ4458.  Anyone with information is asked to immediately call 911 or Baltimore County Police Department at 410-887-7320. Do not take action which could endanger your safety or further endanger the abducted child. If you have information, contact: Baltimore County Police Department  Call: 410-887-7320   
AMBER Alert issues in #Maryland  Caitlyn Virts (11 years old) Vehicle:      1999 Dodge Durango, Black     Maryland license plate #5AJ4458  Maryland Child Abduction Emergency: Caitlyn Marie Virts an 11 year old W/F in the company of Timothy Virts a 38 year old W/M last seen in Dundalk, MD operating a 1999 Dodge Durango MD tag 5AJ4458. Do not take action call #77 OR 911.  The Maryland State Police at the request of Baltimore County Police Department have issued a Maryland Child AMBER Alert for Caitlyn Marie Virts.  LOCATION: The child was last observed at approximately 7 am in the area of Dundalk, MD. The child is believed to have been abducted by the suspect.  VEHICLE: A possible suspect vehicle is a black 1999 Dodge Durango bearing MD registration: 5AJ4458.  Anyone with information is asked to immediately call 911 or Baltimore County Police Department at 410-887-7320. Do not take action which could endanger your safety or further endanger the abducted child.    
Proud to work across the aisle with Senator Mike Crapo of Idaho to leverage public-private partnerships and engage stakeholders like commercial fisherman, anglers, outfitters and other angling and sportsmen industries to make lasting improvements to the health and sustainability of our nation’s fish habitats.   The National Fish Habitat Conservation Act (NFHCA) authorizes $7.2 million annually for fish habitat restoration and protection projects that are supported by regional Fish Habitat Partnerships.  Choosing to protect our natural resources is good for our environment and our economy. Right now we need deliberate and targeted action to stem the loss of our precious fisheries resources and millions of related jobs, by ensuring that these important aquatic habitats are better preserved. Our bill takes a comprehensive approach to stopping the single greatest cause of declining fish populations, by stemming the decline of healthy aquatic ecosystems that are critical to all fish species. We need to encourage healthier habitats for waterfowl and other wildlife as well as safer recreational waters for Americans to swim, boat and fish.   This is good news for the #Chesapeake Bay and for all Americans who rely on clean water and healthy fisheries for recreational and economic reasons. According to the most recent data available from the National Survey of Fishing, Hunting, and Wildlife-Associated Recreation, in 2011, more than 90 million U.S. residents – 40 percent of all those over age 16 – participated in wildlife-related activities, including fishing, hunting and wildlife watching. These recreationists spent over $145 billion pursuing these activities, contributing to millions of jobs in industries and businesses that support wildlife-related recreation.
Wednesday, March 5, 2014- 10:00 am  Cardin to Chair U.S. Helsinki Commission Hearing on Developments in the Western #Balkans and Policy Responses   The countries of the Western Balkan region of #Europe – Albania, #Bosnia-#Herzegovina, #Croatia, #Kosovo, #Macedonia, #Montenegro and #Serbia – have started 2014 with a mix of challenges and expectations. Elections, dialogue and ongoing reform will be shaped by the hope of taking the next steps toward #European and #Euro-#Atlantic integration, with each country at a different stage of achievement or preparedness but all of them sharing an interest in progress, advancement and stability across the entire region. The hearing will feature the official views and policy approaches of the United States toward the countries of the Western Balkans, supplemented by the insights and analysis of experts from both sides of the Atlantic.    The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, also known as the U.S. Helsinki Commission, is a U.S. Government agency that monitors progress in the implementation of the provisions of the 1975 #Helsinki Accords. The Commission consists of nine members from the United States Senate , nine from the US House of Representatives and one member each from the U.S. Department of State U.S. Department of Commerce and U.S. Department of Defense
*Cardin Statement on President  Barack Obama's #FY15 Budget Plan*  “President Obama’s #budget outline is a helpful tool to fill in the details of the budget agreed to by the #Congress last year. Overall, I share the President’s commitment to investing in America and working to ensure our economy is working for all Americans. While I am still reviewing all the details, there are some good specifics in this budget plan, including: increased funding for education, support for low- and middle-income households, boosts to public transit projects in Maryland and transportation infrastructure projects, funding to support the special needs of #Holocaust survivors living in the U.S., as well as a modest adjustment for federal workers’ pay – as opposed to the years of a pay freeze. However, I am extremely disappointed in the lack of investment in overall funding for the National Institutes of Health , particularly with regard to eliminating health disparities and improving oral health. Even if the President’s budget is not translated into a budget resolution, I am concerned about many of the  markers set down for appropriators, such as  flat  funding for the The Chesapeake Bay , additional cost sharing burdens on Medicare beneficiaries, reductions in water infrastructure funding, and cuts to LIHEAP after one of the coldest winters on record.   “To put our nation on a healthy fiscal track, we need a long-term budget agreement that raises sufficient revenue to fund a government that promotes growth and controls the long-term costs of mandatory spending. Such a plan would be incomplete without changes to our tax code and consideration of health care savings already realized, as well as future reforms. A balanced plan that reforms our tax code, invests in America and reduces our deficit is possible with reasonable compromise. Compromise is not easy, but it is necessary.”
Tomorrow at 12:20 PM EST Ben will discuss the situation in #Ukraine with Dan Rodricks on WYPR. Tune in here http://wypr.org/listen-live
From Fort McHenry National Monument & Historic Shrine to Antietam National Battlefield to Assateague Island National Seashore - Maryland is home to many stunning natural and historic treasures. The National Park Service connects us to our rich past and allows us to share in a bright future.  "Almost 7 million people visited #nationalparks in #Maryland in 2012, generating some $217.2 #million in spending and 2,770 #jobs, according to the National Park Service."- The Baltimore Sun  
SENATE FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE MEMBERS URGE PRESIDENT OBAMA TO ASSIST PEACEFUL, DEMOCRATIC TRANSITION IN UKRAINE Warn of Russia’s “Provocative and Dangerous Tactics” that Undermine Ukraine’s Unity Friday, February 28, 2014 WASHINGTON – In a letter to President Barack Obama, U.S. @Senators Robert Menendez, D-N.J., @Bob Corker, R-#Tenn., John Barrasso, R-#Wy., Ben Cardin, D-#Md., Richard Durbin, D-Ill., Ron Johnson, R-Wis., Edward Markey, D-#Mass., John McCain, R-Ariz., Chris Murphy, D-Conn., Jim Risch, R-Idaho, Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., all members of the Foreign Relations Committee, expressed support for U.S. assistance in Ukraine and warned of Russian intervention that undermines Ukraine’s unity.  “We write in support of the administration’s efforts to help Ukraine to consolidate democratically elected government, preserve its territorial integrity, and enjoy the freedom to exercise a sovereign decision to sign and implement an Association Agreement with the European Union,” said the senators in their letter. “We are prepared to work with your Administration to reinforce your efforts by authorizing U.S. loan guarantees to Ukraine and increasing assistance to facilitate a peaceful transition of power.  We also believe that the U.S. should make use of the tools at its disposal, including targeted sanctions; and asset recovery targeting corruption, to dissuade individuals who would foment unrest to undermine Ukraine's territorial integrity or employ coercive economic measures against the Ukrainian people and the new Ukrainian government.”  The senators also raised concerns about “actions and rhetoric” of the Russian government “to actively undermine Ukraine’s unity” and “use provocative and dangerous tactics to extend their control on the ground.”   “We do not seek confrontation with President Putin and his government, but simply to ensure that Russia abides by its commitments and adheres to core principles of international law.  A peaceful, democratic, stable, and sovereign Ukraine is in our national interest,” wrote the senators.      Full text of letter is included below and in the attached document.  Dear President Obama,  We write in support of the administration's efforts to help Ukraine to consolidate democratically elected government, preserve its territorial integrity, and enjoy the freedom to exercise a sovereign decision to sign and implement an Association Agreement with the #European Union.   The courage and determination of ordinary Ukrainians in the face of sustained repression and violence to defy an unresponsive and corrupt government has given Ukraine a chance for a better future. The United States has an important, fundamentally positive role to play.  We note and welcome our Administration calling on all actors to refrain from violence to ensure the independence and territorial integrity of Ukraine. Both Secretary Kerry and National Security Adviser Susan Rice have correctly warned Russia that military intervention in Ukraine would be a “grave mistake.”  However, through its actions and rhetoric, the Russian government is aggressively acting to exploit regional, cultural, and linguistic schisms to actively undermine Ukraine's unity.  #Moscow’s goals appear to be two: destabilize the Ukrainian government while it struggles to cope with former President #Yanukovych’s corrupt mismanagement of their economy; and use provocative and dangerous tactics to extend their control on the ground.   In 1994, the United States, the United Kingdom and Russia jointly signed the #Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances, which committed #Russia to recognize the independence, sovereignty, and existing borders of Ukraine and, explicitly, to not engage in economic coercion. The United States has a responsibility to see that these commitments are respected and to use all necessary diplomatic and, if required, punitive measures in concert with the European Union.  By manipulating the price of natural gas and blocking commerce with its neighbors—including Ukraine—in contravention of its World Trade Organization obligations, Russia has already patently violated these commitments.  Now it seems that Russian coercion is expanding beyond the economic sphere.  We do not seek confrontation with President Putin and his government, but simply to ensure that Russia abides by its commitments and adheres to core principles of international law.  A peaceful, democratic, stable, and sovereign Ukraine is in our national interest.  There must be no question about our commitment and clarity of purpose in this regard. This clarity should extend to our allies, such as Poland and Lithuania, but also partner countries like Georgia and Moldova that continue to reform themselves in a way that is in contrast to Russia’s growing domestic repression.  Russian foreign policy too often relies on the use of intimidation and fear to achieve its aims, as exhibited by Russia’s provocative actions along Ukraine’s border in recent days.  We are prepared to work with your Administration to reinforce your efforts by authorizing U.S. loan guarantees to #Ukraine and increasing assistance to facilitate a peaceful transition of power.  We also believe that the U.S. should make use of the tools at its disposal, including targeted sanctions; and asset recovery targeting corruption, to dissuade individuals who would foment unrest to undermine Ukraine's territorial integrity or employ coercive economic measures against the Ukrainian people and the new Ukrainian government.  We are gravely concerned about the future of Ukraine and are committed to working with you to support a peaceful political transition that serves the interests of the #Ukrainian people who have demanded that their voices be heard.
From #Russia to #Ukraine to #Venezuela #Uganda & beyond- Global #Magnitsky holds #HumanRights violators accountable http://goo.gl/NYSgvm
NA
The year 2013 was a particularly challenging year for #humanrights, and today we cannot afford to be silent. The Global Human Rights Accountability Act (Global #Magnitskty) serves as encouragement for champions of democracy, promoters of civil rights, and advocates of free speech across the globe. As the great human rights defender Nelson #Mandela once said “There are times when a leader must move out ahead of the flock, go off in a new direction, confident that he is leading his people the right way.”   In this great body, the Senate, we have a responsibility to lead the way toward accountability for global human rights.  I hope you will join me in cosponsoring this important legislation today.
Are you following Ben on Twitter? Stay up to date on what's going on the Senate Floor and across Maryland by following @SenatorCardin
Congrats to Berlin, Maryland for being voted "The Coolest Small Town In America"! It is one of many great cities and towns around Maryland.   Beach And Beyond  
“#Freedom means the supremacy of #humanrights everywhere. Our support goes to those who struggle to gain those rights and keep them. Our strength is our unity of purpose. To that high concept there can be no end save #victory.” - FDR
LGBT rights are human rights. #Uganda's anti #LGBT law is an affront to human dignity and represents a deeply concerning backslide in international human rights. This legislation is designed to oppress, discriminate, and disenfranchise and should be repealed as soon as possible.
Good news for #ChesBay boaters, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is making PDF nautical maps free to the public. Good move, hopefully this makes it a little easier for people all over to enjoy the The Chesapeake Bay
U.S. Helsinki Commission  Chairman Sen. Ben Cardin (#MD), a senior member of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , and Co-Chairman Congressman Chris Smith a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , today issued the following statement:  “We’ve all been shocked by the images and news from #Kyiv. This violence is the result of a regime which has repeatedly displayed contempt for its people, who want nothing more than to be afforded the dignity which is their right as citizens. We unequivocally deplore the renewal of violence in Kyiv. We stand in solidarity with the #Ukrainian people in their struggle for #justice.  “The time has come to immediately impose personal sanctions, including visa bans, asset freezes and other measures, against the organizers and perpetrators of the violence and other egregious #humanrights abuses. Rather than blaming opposition leaders, #Yanukovych needs to engage in serious dialogue with them in order to achieve a meaningful political solution that would get Ukraine back on the road to peace, prosperity and democracy. The U.S. and European Union should use the available tools at its disposal to contribute to a peaceful resolution of this crisis. The OSCE in particular should employ its resources and mechanisms to monitor and mitigate the serious human rights concerns.”
Just when you thought Flying Dog Brewery couldn't possibly be any better they go and something like this...  "On March 1, the Frederick company will present its latest donation to the ORP (from 2013 sales), which will lead to an additional 2 million oysters planted in the Bay, according to Weston."   Kudos to your great #MDBeer and doing your part to #SaveTheBay. 
Tooth decay is the most prevalent chronic disease amongst our children. It is five times more common than asthma, and can be just as debilitating and fatal. In 2007, we lost a young Marylander named Deamonte Driver because he did not have adequate access to pediatric #dental care. After that I began working with Representative  Representative Elijah E. Cummings, and many others around #MD to fight against this 100% preventable disease.   Today, we celebrate the news the news that the number of children in Maryland with untreated tooth decay dropped 41 percent from 2001 to 2011.   This is a great step forward, but we are far from the finish line.    America has never promised its children success, but it has always promised them opportunity. Children who suffer from untreated tooth decay are often denied this opportunity because of dental pain that limits their ability to eat, sleep, learn or, as in the case of Deamonte Driver, enjoy life itself.  Thanks to all who have helped expand access to and awareness of pediatric dental health- let's keep up the fight.
Maryland is full of amazing cities, towns and villages. This year Berlin, Maryland has the chance to be crowned the "Coolest Small Town in America -2014" Vote at the link below and show your support for #Berlin and all of #MD.   Beach And Beyond Visit Worcester County Maryland!
“I am so proud to have an organization as venerable as the NAACP based out of #Baltimore City. Today in 1909 the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People began their crusade for civil rights. 105 years later the NAACP continues to build on a rich and noble history of protecting and advancing the civil rights of all Americans. Through strength and strategy the NAACP has helped enact some of the most important legal and social reforms in the last century. After 105 years of striving to make us ‘a more perfect union’ it is clear that the #NAACP is far from contented. From voting rights to fair and equal access to all our great nation offers her citizens; the NAACP remains on watch. I congratulate the NAACP for 105 successful years and thank them for their past, present, and future hard work in the name of equality.”
We could renew the critical lifeline that is unemployment insurance today if one Republican would change their vote and end this destructive filibuster.   Via the Washington Post   Mitchell Hirsch of National Employment Law Project said people were “thrust essentially overnight from a situation where they were struggling to make ends meet with their benefits into one where they’re now struggling just to survive.” Six weeks later, he said, “what we’re hearing ... is increasingly desperate.”  #RenewUI
Very proud to receive a perfect score from the League of Conservation Voters. I will continue to to defend and advance environmental issues in Maryland and across the United States.  http://scorecard.lcv.org/  
“Maryland has lost a true friend in Willard Hackerman. I send my deepest condolences to both the Hackerman family and his extended Whiting-Turner family; both of whom he loved deeply. Willard was a man of quiet strength who professionally and philanthropically enriched his beloved Baltimore. He was an active alumnus of Johns Hopkins University who gave back to the school and its hospital in countless ways. He was a humble man and rarely stood still to take credit for his many successes because he had already begun to tackle the next challenge. Despite being at the helm of one of the largest general building companies in America, Willard never outgrew his city or his fellow citizens. The Meyerhoff, The National Aquarium and M&T Bank Stadium all stand as enduring monuments to a great man. His benevolent legacy extended to our synagogue, Beth Tfiloh Congregation as well, where he will be missed as a man of great faith. My prayers go out to his wife Lillian, daughter Nancy, son Steven Mordecai, as well as his grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Willard Hackerman was a true son of Baltimore. Myrna and I join the City and all Marylanders in celebrating his life. ”
"We are losing too many of our wives, mothers, aunts, sisters, and daughters to heart disease.We are not going to sit back and allow the disease to continue taking its toll.  Heart disease is a preventable and controllable.  Red Dress Sunday is all about empowering people with the knowledge they need to be healthier, and to take preventative measures against heart disease. "                                                                       - Ben Cardin 2.9.2014
Just left SMECO, now heading over to the Tri-County Council ( St. Mary's County Government, Charles County Government Calvert County Maryland ) to discuss how the Federal Gov can work better with our partners on the local level.
Senator Cardin met with the Board of the Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative (SMECO) and then toured their new Platinum-LEED certified engineering and operating center.
Best of luck to the entire US Olympic Team. I know I join the Baltimore City Fire Department in cheering a little louder for #Baltimore native Summer Britcher.   http://www.baltimoresun.com/sports/olympics/bs-sp-olympics-summer-britcher-20140206,0,6569821,full.story
Disappointing that something as vital as unemployment insurance was filibustered today and not even given an up/down vote.   U.S. Senate Democrats will continue to push to #RenewUI
With three job seekers for every job, there are still too many Americans who are having trouble finding work. Now is not the time to make things harder for them by ending emergency unemployment assistance. We need to act to restore these benefits as quickly as possible. #RenewUI
Kudos to CVS on adhering to its core mission by putting good health first. #CVSQuits and public health wins. By not selling tobacco products they are setting a strong example in the health care industry as to what leadership means.
#ICYMI  Yesterday Ben chaired an Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife hearing to examine the circumstances that contributed to the chemical spill and water contamination in Central #WestVirginia. The hearing included testimony that reviewed what measures might be necessary to ensure that drinking #water sources throughout the country are safe and protected from hazards.  Federal law requires the states to conduct risk assessments within the watersheds or boundaries of known drinking water sources. Federal law does not, however, require these surveys to be updated or provide any guidance on how this information is to be used. What we have is a patchwork of state data with varying degrees of reliability. This creates uncertainty of risks for water providers. Our laws are just not strong enough to deal with these situations. Updates to our national laws are needed for greater public safety.     I want to believe that most companies that produce, store, ship and sell potentially hazardous chemicals are responsible actors. The responsibility to provide safe drinking water to thousands of customers is enormous and highly complex. We can’t expect every water provider to test and treat their water for every known chemical. But it is situations like this that clearly demonstrate that even if most actors are good, one bad actor can put at risk the health and safety of hundreds of thousands of people and that there is a very appropriate and essential role for government to play to protect those people from the potential negligence of others.    Watch the hearing at the link below. 
"The #Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure that we all have responsibility to protect and restore. I worked hard to ensure that the #FarmBill we are sending to President #Obama delivers on our responsibilities to the Bay. The Farm Bill will continue to provide Maryland farmers with the resources they need to ensure their ability to continue to do their part to conserve the #ChesapeakeBay watershed,” said Senator Cardin.    “Agriculture is Maryland’s number one industry despite the great challenges that come with farming in our state. Pressure from developers is compounded by the water quality concerns that persist in the Bay and its tributaries causing farms to meet extremely high standards of operation to prevent sediment and nutrient loss.  But Maryland farmers understand how valuable a healthy Chesapeake Bay is: a healthier Bay means better water and soil for regional farming and a healthier overall economy for the region and the nation.  “I was proud to champion the effort to ensure a more level the playing field for #Maryland farmers who have been good stewards of the watershed but forced to compete with producers whose costs are lower because their operations are located in states that do not have the same environmental concerns. The bill passed by Congress re-establishes that farmers must protect highly erodible lands and wetlands in order to qualify for crop insurance premium assistance. In Maryland, these practices are commonplace not just because our farmers want help protect the Bay but because our state requires farmers to manage for wetland and soil loss.”    Senator Cardin expressed his concern that the final bill makes cuts to critical programs, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (#SNAP) that are significantly deeper than the reductions made in the Senate-passed bill, although far less than the extreme measures wanted by the House of Representatives.   “I believe in a strong, robust SNAP program that provides resources to Americans in need. This is not the time to be cutting off core safety net programs that help families put food on the table for their children,” Senator Cardin added.
Watch Barack Obama speaking live from #Adelphi Maryland about the #ConnectED initiate- a plan to enrich K-12 education for every student in America by connecting them  to next-generation connectivity within five years.   http://www.whitehouse.gov/live
The safety and security of our drinking water is a critical issue that impacts every American-- past, present and future.
The newest member of the  U.S. Senate DemocratsSenator  Cory Booker will be delivering his 1st floor speech today and he could not have picked a more timely and important topic- Unemployment Insurance.   Unemployment rates are getting lower and we're all working to make sure they get as low as we can, but if you're unemployed and you're looking for work, it's still pretty tough out there. Americans who are looking for work continue to face an historically tight job market. We cannot just leave them and their families to fall into poverty because some in Congress prefer gridlock to accomplishing something that helps individuals in need and boosts our overall economy.  We need to make sure those benefits are continued.   #ReNewUI watch Senator Booker live 5:45 ET
Some might argue that we don’t need to raise the #minimumwage because of a pernicious myth that most minimum wage workers are just teenagers living at home with their parents who are trying to earn a little extra pocket money.  Here’s the reality: according to the Economic Policy Institute (#EPI), 88 percent of workers who would benefit from an increase in the minimum wage are not teenagers; in fact, the average age of the worker is 35 and the median age is 31.  Thirty-six percent are 40 or older.  Fifty-six percent of the workers who would benefit from an increase in the minimum wage are women; 28 percent have children; 55 percent work full-time.  On average, these workers earn on-half of their family’s total income. #RaiseTheWage
What did everyone think of the #SOTU?
We’ve seen a growing gap in this country of #income and opportunity. We should be united in our commitment to investing in #education and #job growth, rebuilding our #infrastructure and modern schools, helping to increase our competitiveness and bolster our manufacturing sector. All this will increase opportunities, help expand the middle class, and grow our whole economy. #SOTU
Before #SOTU U.S. Senate Democrats want to hear from you-    "The most important issue for #Congress to work on this year is..."    Give your response here.
NA
24 hours until Barack Obama delivers his #STOU. What are you expecting from his speech?
We've seen some pretty amazing #mdsnow pictures today, here's a great #baltimore shot
The birthday of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., became a national holiday more than 25 years ago so that our nation – and future generations – would understand and appreciate the legacy of Dr. King’s many accomplishments.   On this day, we celebrate the birthday of a true national hero and trailblazer. Much has changed in the 85 years since #MLK was born; this country has made great strides thanks to Dr. King and the millions of Americans who were inspired by his message.  However, inequality and injustice still exist in many forms. Thankfully, then and now, there are good people willing to stand up against hate and bigotry.   Though today is a national holiday, it is hardly a day of rest. Dr. King once said, “Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable... Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless exertions and passionate concern of dedicated individuals.”   For Marylanders and all Americans, this is a day to recommit ourselves to the “tireless exertions and passionate concern” so that we may make his Dream a reality. #MLKDay
CARDIN, MCCAIN INTRODUCE GLOBAL HUMAN RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT   “Visiting the United States and having access to our financial system, including U.S. dollars, are privileges that should not be extended to those who violate basic human rights and the rule of law.” WASHINGTON- U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and Senator John McCain WASHINGTON- U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and John McCain (R-Ariz.), both members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, have introduced the Global #HumanRights Accountability Act, legislation that would ensure human rights abusers from anywhere in the world are denied entry into the United States and barred from using our financial institutions. The bill, S. 1933, would expand the #Russia-specific sanctions in the Sergei #Magnitsky Rule of #Law Accountability Act (Public Law 112-208) to apply globally, as outlined in the 2012 Senate Foreign Relations Committee- and #Senate Finance Committee-passed versions of the bill.   “The United States must maintain its global leadership in the fight against corruption and human rights abuses wherever they occur,” said Senator Cardin. “This #bipartisan bill gives us the tools to deter future abuses throughout the world, while also protecting our strategic financial infrastructure from those who would use it to launder or shelter ill-gotten gains.  Gross violators of human rights from #Zimbabwe to #Ukraine, and #Honduras to Papua New Guinea, are put on notice that they cannot escape the consequences of their actions even when their home country fails to act.”   “#Congress passed the Magnitsky Act in 2012 to place the United States firmly on the side of those struggling for human rights and the rule of law in Russia,” said Senator McCain. “This bipartisan legislation extends that effort, holding accountable those who commit gross violations of human rights across the world. Standing up for the rule of law and establishing clear consequences for abuses of fundamental human rights serves our nation’s interests and reflects of deepest values, and I am proud to join Senator Cardin in this effort.” Cosponsors of the Global Human Rights Accountability Act (S. 1933) include Senator Dick Durbin Roger Wicker Carl Levin Senator Richard Blumenthal Edward J. Markey Senator Jeanne Shaheen
Outraged that the Senate missed yet another opportunity to #RenewUI
#BREAKING   U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a member of the #Senate Finance Committee, today criticized Senate #Republicans for their continuing opposition to extending Emergency #UI benefits during this time of high unemployment. The modest benefits provided by unemployment insurance kept 2.5 million #Americans, including 600,000 children, out of poverty last year.    “Extending Emergency #Unemployment Insurance benefits is the right thing to do.  We never should have let it expire at the end of 2013, and I am outraged that the Senate missed yet another opportunity to bring economic stability to millions of Americans,” Senator Cardin said. “Unemployment rates are getting lower and we're all working to make sure they get as low as we can, but if you're unemployed and you're looking for work, it's still pretty tough out there. Americans who are looking for work continue to face an historically tight #job market. We cannot just leave them and their families to fall into poverty because some in Congress prefer gridlock to accomplishing something that helps individuals in need and boosts our overall #economy.  We need to make sure those benefits are continued.   “Before last month, Congress had never allowed special extended unemployment benefits to expire when the long-term unemployment rate was as high as it is today. Our failure to act is leaving millions of job-seekers in limbo.”  An estimated 22,900 #Marylanders lost benefits when the program expired last month.  Over the course of 2014, a total of 82,600 Marylanders will lose their benefits if the program isn’t extended.  Nearly 40 percent of beneficiaries live in households with children.
We didn't offset #unemployment under President Bush. Now all of a sudden Republicans want to change precedent at the cost of millions of Americans and our economy? Ben on  CNN Crossfire
Looking forward to a robust debate with John Barrasso tonight on Crossfire. We'll be discussing #unemployment Insurance and the health of the #economy with hosts Van Jones and Kevin Madden. Tune in, CNN 630PM EST. #MDPolitics #WyPolitics
"My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Ariel Sharon and the people of Israel at this very difficult time. For eight years, they have stood vigil as a great general fought the greatest battle of his life. His legacy shall always be an unwavering dedication to the security of the Jewish State of #Israel and his willingness to move the peace process forward. May he now find the #shalom he always sought for the land of our ancestors."
“Mr. President, I have taken the floor of the United States Senate -- and when I was a member of the House on the Floor of the House -- to talk about circumstances that are occurring somewhere in the world where people are being killed, displaced, people are being uprooted simply because of their  ethnicity. Ethnic cleansing has occurred around the world, and I have taken the opportunity, put a spotlight on it in an effort to say that the civilized world needs to put an end to that type of crime against humanity. America needs to be a leader in the world to prevent ethnic cleansing. Many of us believed after World War II the world would never again see circumstances where people were killed simply because of the ethnic community that they belonged to. I've talked about Bosnia, Rwanda, Darfur, Syria, and now, Mr. President, we see the same thing happening again in the #SouthSudan.”
As Americans, we watch each other’s backs when times are bad. Renewing unemployment benefits is the right thing to do as our economy continues to recover. This has never been a political issue before and it should not be now. Unemployment benefits allow Americans to provide the basics for their families while still putting money back into a recovering economy. In more than 50 years, we have never cut off emergency unemployment insurance when the rate of long-term unemployment was even above 50% of its current level, even though none of those recessions were nearly as deep as the one we are now recovering from. This is the right thing to do for millions of Americans who are out of work and for our economy as a whole.
Today Ben sat down with fellow Baltimorean  Adam May to discuss #Unemployment Insurance and the legislative outlook for 2014. Tune into America Tonight at 9pm to see the full interview.
Today, a new era of safety, comfort and convenience arrived at Metro as the first 7000-series train pulled into Greenbelt Station. The newest addition to the rail fleet will fulfill a critical National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) recommendation by replacing the oldest cars in the fleet, while also adding train capacity. Metro General Manager and CEO Richard Sarles was joined by Senator Ben Cardin,Senator Barbara Mikulski, Governor Martin O’Malley, Mayor Vincent Gray and other officials for a tour of the new cars, which include many new design features that were suggested by customers.   “This is all about safety. Metro has a recognized responsibility to keep its riders and its employees as safe as possible. The arrival of new 7000-series cars, made possible by dedicated funding from the federal government and local jurisdictions, translates into greater safety and expanded service for our communities, especially the federal government which relies on Metro daily and in times of crisis,” said Senator Cardin, who, as a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, pushed forward the authorization needed to provide Metro with consistent, annual funding that would give Metro the ability to make such major capital investments.
Can't wait to see the #Tigers take down the North Dakota State Bison. #FightOn Towson University
Merry Christmas and seasons greetings. Hope everyone is enjoying time with their families. Thinking of all those who are away from loved ones today -serving our Nation in many different ways. Thanks and best wishes!
Glad that the members of #PussyRiot are no longer being held as political prisoners. Hopefully this is a sincere move by Russia, an honest embrace of the rule of law. As we mark the release of these political prisoners we remember all those still imprisoned worldwide.
"We can do extraordinary things if we work together. "
"Freeing political prisoners is always a good thing and necessary step. Releasing Mikhail #Khodorkovsky and others brings #Russia closer to where it should be as a modern #European state. It is too early to tell if this could lead to broader reform. For now, I share the joyful anticipation of those who may get to greet 2014 in #freedom and the company of loved ones."
"We should not be asking them to ante up even more."  The American people want both parties in Congress to work together to get done the business of our nation. This budget, while not the budget I would have written, is a sign that Democrats and Republicans can actually work together. It is truly bipartisan and represents real compromise, which should be encouraging.    I strongly support this budget agreement, but I do so with some concerns about what is included and what is left out. I would have liked to see a long-term agreement or so-called grand bargain.  Two years is longer than we’ve had recently. But I am disappointed that it is only a two-year agreement and does not completely remove sequestration. Sequestration equates to mindless, across-the-board cuts that have hurt our economy and cost us jobs in Maryland and nationally.     It is regrettable that this agreement adds a 1.3 percent increase in the retirement contributions for new hires to federal service and that it cuts the COLA for military veterans. After a three-year pay freeze, sequestration-related furloughs and other cuts, federal workers have contributed more than $120 billion toward deficit reduction. Congress should be asking what we need to ensure we have a federal workforce with the necessary skills to execute the responsibilities with maximum effect at a reasonable cost. We should not be asking them to ante up even more.     I am also disappointed that we are recessing without extending unemployment insurance for 1.3 million workers who are in danger of losing benefits on January 1. Unemployment rates are getting lower and we're all working to make sure they get as low as we can, but if you're unemployed and you're looking for work, it's tough out there. The right thing for us to do is to continue these insurance benefits …The money is there. We need to make sure those benefits are continued. It will help millions of Americans who are trying to keep their families together during these very challenging times.
WASHINGTON – U.S. #Senators Ben Cardin  and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski along with  Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer and Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards .) today voiced their continued strong support for a proposed site in Greenbelt, Maryland to serve as the future home of the FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation As a leading candidate for the new location for the FBI headquarters, Prince George’s  County Executive Rushern Baker Baker today submitted a proposal to meet the GSA’s December 17 deadline.  “We stand firmly behind #PrinceGeorges County as the right choice for the new headquarters of the FBI and support County Executive Baker’s proposal for the #Greenbelt site. Prince George’s County has the ability to donate, at no cost to the federal government, the proposed location that meets the size requirements and is located directly adjacent to a #Metro station,” Team #Maryland said. “An honest analysis of the cost of operations, security, convenience of location for staff, transportation options, and the promotion of regional equity in federal facility distribution should make the proposed Greenbelt, Maryland site the choice location for FBI. This project would bring thousands of jobs to the County, boost our local economy and generate additional revenues for our community. As #GSA continues to move forward with the process of selecting a site, we will be working closely together to advocate for bringing this project, and the new #economic opportunities that will accompany it, to Prince George's County.”  Earlier this year, Senators Cardin and Mikulski along with the entire Maryland Congressional delegation, including Representatives Steny H. Hoyer, Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Chris Van Hollen, Dutch Ruppersberger Congressman John Sarbanes, , Donna F. Edwards Andy Harris and Congressman John K. Delaney sent a letter to the heads of the FBI and GSA that strongly support a site in Prince George’s County, Maryland, for the future home of the #FBI. Their letter notes a Maryland state report that found 43 percent of FBI employees call Maryland home, more than any other jurisdiction.
Ben is live on the Senate floor discussing the pending budget deal. Watch live http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Thanks to #ACA insurance companies are required to spend at least 80% (85% in the large group market) of premiums on medical care and efforts to improve the quality of care, instead of inflating overhead and profit.
 
 That means ~150,000 Marylanders received an average rebate of approximately $143 per family in 2012.
4000 likes on Facebook! Thanks to everyone who has kept up with the page, we'll continue to give you insight into what's going in DC and across the #MD. Have a good weekend and a very #purplefriday. Thanks
Really enjoyed this
Today we said thanks and farewell to our US  Airforce fellow Maj. Somers. Major Somers represented his branch with distinction and provided critical insights that helped the people of Maryland and the United States. Best wishes and good luck (not that he needs luck)!
Since #ACA was enacted in 2010- 320,000 #Maryland kids w/ pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage or charged more to #GetCovered
I continue to stand with the people of Ukraine in their aspirations for a more democratic future, in which the rule of law and respect for human rights prevail.  I am deeply dismayed by yesterday’s decision by #Ukrainian authorities to use Interior Ministry troops against peaceful #protests in central #Kyiv, coming after the already brutal dispersal of protestors last week.   There is no justification for these actions, which, along with other #humanrights violations, are grossly at odds with #Ukraine’s Organization for #Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) commitments and a serious blot on Ukraine’s #OSCE Chairmanship. I call upon the Ukrainian authorities to take immediate, resolute steps to ensure that #freedom of assembly and expression are respected.   These recent events come against the backdrop of the overall deterioration of human rights and #democracy in Ukraine in the last few years.  The #US., #Canada and the #EU have spoken out forcefully on these assaults on basic freedoms.  Unless the Ukrainian authorities take concrete actions to improve the situation, the international community should seriously consider undertaking additional measures such as the imposition of targeted #sanctions against Ukrainian officials responsible for human rights abuses, including the suppression of peaceful protests.
Looks like it's going to be a late night/early morning in the Senate.
NA
#WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.) lauded the announcement by Vice President  Joe Biden that the #Obama Administration will take steps to help #Holocaust survivors living in the United States access needed services, such as #health care and #nutritional services, without having to live in a nursing home or assisted living facility.  The Holocaust Survivor Assistance Initiative announced today complements bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Cardin and Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) – S.999,  the “Responding to Urgent Needs of #Survivors of the Holocaust Act or the ‘‘#RUSH Act”  – which would create a point person within the Administration for connecting nonprofit and community partners with Holocaust survivors in need.   S. 999 would also add Holocaust survivors to the list of groups receiving priority for #social services through the Older Americans Act (OAA.  In October 2013, the HELP Committee approved  legislation reauthorizing the OAA that includes Cardin-Kirk ( Senator Mark Kirk) language providing for greater Administration focus on the needs of the survivor community.  “As survivors of terror and torture, these #victims of the #Holocaust came to our country seeking the #American Dream, and they have enriched our nation.   Now they need additional social services that will allow them to age in place,” said Senator Cardin. “Time is running short for this community. The Administration has taken meaningful steps to fulfill our obligation to provide them with community supports.”  Approximately 120,000 Holocaust survivors live in the United States, with an average age of 80. Nearly one-quarter are age 85 or older and three-in-five are women. Two-thirds of Holocaust survivors live alone, placing them at greater risk of institutionalization. In addition, more than half of all Holocaust survivors who immigrated to the United States after 1965 live below the federal poverty level and have few resources.
On this International Human Rights Day let us honor those who fought and those who are still fighting to advance universal human rights globally.
“No other group of predominantly middle class Americans has contributed to deficit reduction the way federal workers have.”   WASHINGTON – Saying clearly that “federal workers have sacrificed enough,” U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-#Md.) sent a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-#Nev.) urging him to abide by budget agreements made last year that “federal workers would not serve as a ‘piggybank’ again, especially for shorter term budget deals.”   Senator Cardin was specific in his request: “… in any budget agreement, there should be no further erosion in federal workers’ compensation or benefits, even in exchange for a limited respite from #sequestration, however desirable that goal is.”   Totally more than $115 billion, federal workers have contributed enough to end our #fiscal crisis through multi-year pay freezes, #furloughs and budget cuts, Senator Cardin said. “No other group of predominantly #middleclass Americans has contributed to deficit reduction the way federal workers have.  This relentless attack isn’t just devastating to morale; it’s hurting our country and the economy,” he warned in his letter. The impact goes well beyond the National Capital Region.    The full text of the letter follows    http://www.cardin.senate.gov/download/federal-workers-letter
WASHINGTON - U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.) today released figures highlighting the more than 2.5 million consumers in Maryland with pre-existing conditions who, under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), will be protected from discrimination by insurance companies based on their health status.  Beginning January 1, 2014, because of the health care law, insurance companies will be prohibited from denying health coverage for the up to 129 million Americans – including up to 2,543,000 1 in Maryland – with pre-existing conditions such as cancer, asthma, diabetes, or seemingly minor issues like back problems or allergies. Insurance companies also will no longer be able to charge higher premiums based on health status or history. Since 2010, the Affordable Care Act has prohibited insurance companies from denying coverage to the up to 17 million children with pre-existing conditions – including up to 320,000 in Maryland.     “Better, more affordable coverage is finally going to be available to the million Americans with pre-existing conditions. For years, constituents have complained to me that they have been blocked from taking better jobs or trapped in subpar policies because they feared a minor pre-existing condition would keep them from getting new coverage. No longer will they be at the mercy of insurance companies that care more about profits than people,” said Senator Cardin. “The fundamentals of the Affordable Care Act continue to pay dividends for Marylanders, including providing access to preventive and lifesaving health services that will help them stay healthy and avoid more serious medical complications.”     The ACA contains several patient-friendly protections that Senator Cardin championed, including: universal dental coverage for children; a guarantee of patients’ rights, including access to emergency medical services; patient choice of primary care providers and pediatricians; and direct access to ob/gyns for women.  He also fought for the elimination of copays and deductibles for Medicare preventive services and secured the establishment of the HHS Offices of Minority Health and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities at the National Institutes of Health.
Humanity has lost one of its greatest leaders with the passing of Nelson Mandela.  My prayers go out to his family and all the people of South Africa. He was a personal hero of mine, and of those who work to uphold human rights around the world.  Ten thousand days in prison were not enough to break Mandela’s spirit and his devotion to the freedom of all people.  He led his nation not only in overcoming the divisions of racism, but in reconciling and healing.   Mandela’s influence does not end with his passing.  His story and moral courage has changed countless lives forever. As he once said, ‘the true test of our devotion to freedom is just beginning.’  State and federal lawmakers across the U.S. looked to Mandela as an inspiration when crafting laws that mandated divestment from South Africa’s cruel Apartheid regime.  I had the privilege of serving as Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates when we passed such legislation.  Years later, our Nation is still striving to follow in Mandela’s footsteps and fully realize his dream of peace and equality for all of mankind. -Ben
NA
NA
#Solidarity w/ #FastFoodStrikes. Their fight for fair pay is our fight for a just society. 
 
 Solidarity forever
Today in 1933 Prohibition ended in the United States. Good thing it did,- #Maryland wouldn't have such a wealth of great small breweries like Flying Dog Brewery.  
 
 
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/25/flying-dog-brewery-ben-cardin_n_3494500.html
In honor of today- the International Day of Persons With Disabilities, in honor of the ~1billion disabled persons world wide and in honor of each and every disabled American- I call on my colleagues to ratify the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities #IDPD2013 #CRPD #WithoutLimits
Proud to have been joined by 64 other United States Senators in a letter to Barack Obama urging him to do all in his power to have #AlanGross returned to the United States from the #Cuban Government. Today marks the fourth year Mr. Gross has been imprisoned in #Cuba. 
 
 "We are united in the belief that Mr. Gross' #freedom is a #humanitarian priority "
“Let us observe this day with reverence and with prayer that will rekindle in us the will and show us the way not only to preserve our blessings, but also to extend them to the four corners of the earth. Let us by our example, as well as by our material aid, assist all peoples of all nations who are striving to achieve a better life in freedom.”  -President John F. Kennedy
Ben will be on Fox News Sunday in about 15 minutes. Check local listing and tune in http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm. #fns #mdpolitics
The Senate is supposed to be the world’s greatest deliberative body.  We are supposed to be able to debate issues but then come together to find a compromise that moves our country forward. The #Senate is broken. Our rules of consensus and comity have been abused.  Respecting the Senate’s Constitutional duty of Advise and Consent with respect to the President’s nominees doesn’t mean automatic confirmation, but it does mean that we should respect the process, the presidency, and these individuals enough to routinely give them an up-or-down vote.   I have been in the Congress sufficient years to have served in the majority and the minority. I understand the consequences of changing the rules, but what we are doing is returning to where the Senate can actually fulfill its Constitutional responsibilities.
Thanks to CNN Crossfire hosts Newt Gingrichand Van Jones. Enjoyed the debate with Tim Scott. Now time to get back to #Baltimore.
Ben will be on Crossfire with Tim Scott, Van Jones and Newt Gingrich. Tune in, 630PM EST on CNN. #MDPolitics
Ben was joined by U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski in calling on U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen #Sebelius to immediately expand and publicize alternate methods for eligible Americans to enroll in health plans.  "As proponents of universal health care coverage and supporters of the Affordable Care Act, we appreciate your ongoing focused efforts to implement the law.   As the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ work to repair the healthcare.gov website continues, we urge you to ensure that uninsured Americans are able to enroll in health plans through all available means.  "   Read more:
To put #GettysburgAddress into different context, it was ~10 tweets-ish? Modern metric of how brief & moving it was/ is. Awesome power of words
***Update*** Despite being unanimously awarded the highest possible peer rating from the American Bar Association, despite a 27% vacancy rate on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and despite not a single Republican voicing opposition to Judge Wilkins—he was the latest victim of a filibuster.   Judge Robert L. Wilkins has been nominated for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which is often referred to as the nation's second highest court due to the importance of its caseload. The Court has an over 25% vacancy rate, so the Senate should act quickly to fill these critical seats. The Senate unanimously confirmed Judge Wilkins in 2010 for his current position. I hope that the full Senate will vote to confirm Judge Wilkins- an extremely qualified nominee with a strong legal mind and a solid track record of administering justice.
Ben- 150 years later what does the Gettysburg Address mean to you?
Ben is chairing U.S. #Senate Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs hearing "Assessing the Response to Typhoon Yolanda/#Haiyan"  Watch live here
NA
Disappointed that Judge Wilkins was #filibustered in the Senate today. Non controversial , well respected and accomplished -Senate Republicans refused to allow a straight up down vote. What's telling  is that they know he's qualified. Not a single Republican went to the floor to voice a concern, he was blocked simply because President Obama nominated him. Troubling that so many qualified women and minorities are being victimized by #GOP obstruction.
Judge Robert L. Wilkins has been nominated for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which is often referred to as the nation’s second highest court due to the importance of its caseload.  The Court has an over 25% vacancy rate, so the Senate should act quickly to fill these critical seats.  The Senate unanimously confirmed Judge Wilkins in 2010 for his current position.  I hope that the full Senate will vote to confirm Judge Wilkins- an extremely qualified nominee with a strong legal mind and a solid track record of administering justice.
Looking forward to a productive roundtable discussion on #Haiyan relief efforts with members of the #Philippino-American community, officials from USAID, and U.S. Department of State. In Bowie, Maryland
***BREAKING***-  Cardin Hails SFRC Passage Of New Transparency Measures For U.S. Foreign Aid  WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a member of the Senate #Foreign Relations Committee, praised committee passage of  his bill, S. 1271, the Foreign Aid #Transparency and #Accountability Act of 2013. Introduced with Senator Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), this legislation requires regular evaluations of foreign assistance programs to be made publicly available to the American people.     “Foreign aid makes up approximately one percent of the federal #budget but this small investment has the power to radically transform lives,” said Senator Cardin. “The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act will allow American citizens to better understand our foreign assistance efforts and ensure that every dollar of our scarce foreign assistance dollars is used in the most effective and efficient way possible.”      The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2013 directs the President to establish goals, performance, and evaluation guidelines for U.S. foreign assistance programs, country assistance plans, and international and multilateral assistance programs. It builds upon previous efforts by including specific measurement guidelines from the Government Accountability Office and the American Evaluation Association.  The bill requires federal agencies administering #foreignaid to regularly monitor and evaluate these programs against specific metrics, as well as to publish the results of these evaluations online. If enacted, the bill would give federal agencies up to two years to fully comply with a mandate to post semi-annual reports on their management of any foreign aid funds. It also mandates biennial reports from the GAO on the different agencies’ implementation of the bill. The bill also recommends that Congress take into account these reports when appropriating funds for federal agencies administering foreign aid programs.
Ben is about to be live on C-SPAN Washington Journal.
Tomorrow, 11/13 830AM EST. Ben will be live on @Cspan Washington Journal discussing #ObamaCare, #Budget, nominations, and other current events. Tag questions on Facebook and Twitter with #cspanchat
“I am deeply saddened to hear about the tragic loss of life, injuries and devastation sustained from #Typhoon #Yolanda/#Haiyan in the Philippines this weekend. The extent of the damage and loss of life is almost unimaginable, with 9.7 million people affected and reports of deaths ranging from between an officially confirmed estimate of over 1,700 to unofficial estimates of over ten thousand possible deaths. As Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations East #Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee, I have spoken with the Filipino Ambassador to the U.S. Jose Cuisia, Jr., and offered my personal condolences and willingness to help.     “The #Philippines has long been a trusted, close U.S. ally. We share strong economic, security and people-to-people ties. I assured the Ambassador that I would look for every opportunity for Congress and the Administration to support a coordinated, international response that provides immediate disaster assistance and long-term support to rebuild affected communities. Already, the U.S. government is providing $20 million in humanitarian assistance to benefit typhoon-affected populations in the Philippines. We have also sent a USAID - US Agency for International Development Disaster Assistance Response Team to conduct humanitarian assessments and assistance in heavily affected Leyte Province, and are coordinating our efforts with other international donors.    “#Filipino #Americans enrich our communities in my home state of Maryland and many communities throughout the United States. My heart goes out to them and their families. We will continue to stand by our good friends in the Philippines to help them recover from this terrible disaster.”
Was honored to spend part of Veteran's day 2013 with the men and women of Vietnam Veterans of America, Baltimore Chapter 451.
We should honor our veterans every day, but I believe that this annual holiday is especially important as it allows us to reflect on the true aspect of the sacrifices that our service members have made.
***Breaking U.S. Senate Democrats were joined by 10 Republicans in passing the historic Employment Non-Discrimination Act (#ENDA). The bill, S. 815 would prohibit employment discrimination based on #sexualorientation and #gender identity. Senator Cardin is a cosponsor of ENDA and has been in previous Congressional sessions.   “I’m proud to join my colleagues in supporting this important legislation that protects all Americans against discrimination in the workplace regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. I urge the House of Representatives to move quickly and provide final approval of ENDA so that it can be signed into law. We should leave no doubt that Congress is united against discrimination in any form.   “Passage of #ENDA will reinforce U.S. leadership around the world and help support the #LGBT community in places like #Russia, #Africa and some countries in #Europe that have taken discriminatory actions to marginalize lesbians, gays, and those who, because of their sexual orientation or gender identity, have been discriminated against. #America's core values are based upon equal rights for all, and that is what passage of ENDA means to our citizens and people around the world. It’s also a powerful tool to boost our #economy. If we are going to be able to adequately compete globally, we need to #empower all of the people of this country. We can't leave anyone behind.”
Are you following Ben on Twitter? Stay up to date on what's going on the Senate Floor and across Maryland by following @SenatorCardin
CARDIN SAYS U.S. SHOULD SUPPORT PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES WORLDWIDE  “Accessibility and Opportunity Should Not End at Our Border”  WASHINGTON -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, called today for #Senate ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD). The United States has already established strong support for the rights of people with disabilities through the Americans with Disabilities Act and ratification of the CRPD would provide an opportunity to advance these values worldwide.  “We should be proud, as Americans, of our Nation’s leadership in making it easier for people with disabilities to participate fully in society, to have equal access to educational, economic, and social opportunities for self-fulfillment and advancement. By ratifying the CRPD, the United States would have a say in how people with disabilities are treated around the world,” Senator Cardin said, “And with Veterans Day just around the corner, we owe it to our disabled veterans and our wounded warriors to ensure that they have the same opportunities and protections as other Americans when they travel, work, and study abroad.”  Today’s hearing in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee was one of two hearings on the United Nations Convention of on the Rights of Persons with #Disabilities. Senator Cardin was pleased to acknowledge Marylander Rhonda Neuhaus who attended today’s hearing. Ms. Neuhaus is a graduate of the University of Maryland School of Law and a bilateral amputee. Ms. Neuhaus knows firsthand the importance of ratifying the treaty and has spent much of her career working to implement the #CRPD internationally.
#MD prohibits employment discrimination based on sexual orientation. Most states allow it, we need to #PassENDA.
“I’m proud to join my colleagues in supporting this important legislation that protects all Americans against any form of discrimination in the workplace regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Our country was founded on the core principle that all citizens are created equal.  It’s time to remember that principle, and work to protect the civil rights of all Americans.” #ENDA
It was great to see all of the progress made on the historic Stone House in Druid Hill Park.  The Parks & People Foundation for lead the way  restoring this part of Druid Hill Park. This park was the first large municipal park in Baltimore.  Druid Hill is an icon in not only our city, but our nation too.  It’s listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Druid Hill was developed in the 19th century as part of a nationwide movement to provide large parks in America’s great cities.  It was the same movement that inspired Central Park.  After a lot of hard work, they reclaimed these nine acres of Druid Hill Park for the people of Baltimore.
Welcome to the Senate Cory Booker. We've got heavy lifting to do down here and we're glad you're on board.
Interested in #InternationalRelations? Interested in making a difference in the world? Check out this fellowship opportunity being made possible by two great institutions committed to  creating a better tomorrow. Howard University and USAID - US Agency for International Development are teaming up to present the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program.   The Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program seeks to attract and prepare outstanding young people who desire careers in the USAID Foreign Service.  Funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development and managed by the Ralph J. Bunche International Affairs Center at Howard University, these Fellowships prepare students to enter exciting and rewarding careers in international development as USAID Foreign Service Officers.  The Payne Program encourages the involvement of members of minority groups and those with financial need.  This program is named in honor of the late Congressman Donald M. Payne because of his long history of service to the nation and the world in promoting international development.  Payne Fellows will represent the excellence and diversity of America and advance USAID’s commitment to creating a more secure, healthy and prosperous world through engagement in international development work.  USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah announced the Payne Fellowship at Howard University on October 15, 2012, stating “This new fellowship will help USAID to attract and support a diverse group of talented young people who are dedicated to public service and international development.”  The Payne Fellowship provides significant benefits.  The Fellows receive up to $45,000 annually in assistance for tuition, room, board and other related expenses for a two-year master’s degree in international development or a related topic, as well as support for internships.  They do internships at a USAID Mission overseas and one in Washington DC.  Each Fellow is committed to a minimum of three years of service in an appointment as a USAID Foreign Service Officer.  Information and application materials for both programs are at www.paynefellows.org.  The application deadline is January 27, 2014.
***INCYMI***  Via The Baltimore Sun-   "It's also wrong to assume food stamp benefits are too generous. Beginning Friday, an individual living in Maryland is eligible for no more than $189 per month. In a 30-day month, that translates to slightly more than $2 per meal. That's not exactly living in the lap of luxury. And, of course, the payment may be reduced if the household receives other benefits such as Social Security or child support."- Editorial Board
The 2013 Farm Bill conference committee members are working on a compromise between the two different pieces of legislation passed by the Senate and House earlier this year. In June, the Senate passed a Farm Bill which included $4.5 billion in reductions to the SNAP program while the House passed legislation last month with even steeper cuts, slashing $40 billion over 10 years.   Deep cuts to #SNAP resulting from the #Farm Bill’s expiration at the end of September are about to hit our most vulnerable Marylanders. Fast action by the #FarmBill Conference Committee is essential to minimizing the hurt to our #seniors, #children and families. The Senate conferees need to hold firm in their defense of SNAP and reject the severe budget cuts being offered by House Republicans.  It is incomprehensible that lawmakers would support such a roll back of basic nutritional support that helps Marylanders in need
WASHINGTON –U.S. Senators Ben Cardin, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Lt. Governor Anthony G. Brown  today announced that the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development  (HUD) will award $19 million in federal funding through the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program to Maryland communities hardest-hit by Super-Storm Sandy. These funds follow a previous award of $8.6 million in CDBG funding included in the Super-Storm #Sandy Supplemental Appropriations bill passed by the Senate in January.     “Much needed federal assistance has arrived for the families and businesses that are still rebuilding long after Hurricane Sandy. We have not and will not forget about their struggles," said Senator Cardin. "These additional Community Development Block Grants from HUD will help bridge the distance to making the region whole again. I will continue to work with all appropriate federal agencies to ensure that funds reach the people and neighborhoods most in need.”     The State of #Maryland will be required to develop and submit an action plan to HUD. This plan must describe the needs, strategies and planned uses of the funds. HUD will review and approve the action plans to ensure that funds will flow to areas of greatest need within the state. CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy.     CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy. With this most recent announcement, Maryland communities will have received more than $73.5 million in federal funds related to Super-Storm Sandy. This includes $33.2 million in federal individual and public assistance through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), $27.6 million in CDBG funding through HUD, and $12.5 million through the Department of the Interior to mitigate future storm damage for shore communities.
Mikhail  #Khodorkovsky 's been a prisoner of conscience for 10 yrs in #Russia. Selective prosecutions have no place in 2013. Read his The New York Times Op-Ed. http://goo.gl/6kU8bs
Spent the morning in #HoCo for the #StandUpHoco campaign against #bullying with Ken Ulman. 
 October is Bullying Prevention Awareness Month—an important time to bring awareness to an issue that children and adolescents are experiencing all across this country. Bullying is a huge problem in our schools and our communities.  It’s something that most Americans, of all ages, genders and races, have experienced in their lifetimes.  Just because most of us have experienced bullying does not mean we should experience it.
Thoughts and prayers are with the officer wounded in the line of duty in Howard County. Also thinking of the men and women out there looking for the suspect. Thanks for all you do.
NA
Welcome to #SoBo Amazon.com! 1,000 well paying jobs are coming to #Baltimore, this is great news for all of #Maryland.
Proud to announce new walk in office hours at our #EasternShore Field Office in #Salisbury.  http://goo.gl/RKfecN
Tom Foley was a public servant of the highest honor who put the future of our nation, our environment and even our fiscal health, above party and even his own political future. I had the privilege of serving in the House of Representatives for the full length of his tenure as Speaker. I appreciated his understated style, immense skills as a legislator, and sheer love of his home state of Washington. My prayers and condolences go out to Heather and the entire Foley family at this time of great loss.
Cardin Statement On Senate Passage Of Compromise To Reopen Government & Avoid Default   “The American people expect us to govern and not lurch from crisis to crisis. We cannot keep doing this to our country. Real people are getting hurt.”  WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, released the following statement after the Senate voted 81-18 to approve a bipartisan deal that will reopen the federal government, provide backpay for federal workers, and allow for long-term negotiations on our federal budget.  “America is open for business once again. It took us too long to get to this point, but I am pleased that we were able to come to a bipartisan compromise to reopen the government, pay our bills and negotiate an end our long-term budget impasse. To the relief of millions of Americans, this agreement also gets our federal workers back on the job. I fought to ensure they would be made whole after this crisis concluded and I will continue to fight to keep them from being pawns in every budget battle that lies ahead.   “Shutting down the federal government and teetering on the edge of default hurt America’s economy and our reputation as the world economic leader. This cannot be repeated. The American people expect us to govern and not lurch from crisis to crisis. Our long-term negotiations must find a middle ground – we won’t get everything we want and neither will they. Working together, we should seize this opportunity to bring long-term stability and promote growth in our economy.”
Ask an overwhelming majority of Americans if the recent theatrics in Washington pass as governing, and they will rightly respond with a resounding “no.” Only a small, extremist group of Republican members in the House and their sympathizers in the Senate have forgotten the meaning of the word “govern.” American families might find their sideshow comedic if they were mere spectators to the Republicans’ antics—but they are the props of this Republican game.      Republicans have manufactured a crisis that will cost taxpayers even more money while inconveniencing, if not harming, individuals, families and businesses across the country. By repeatedly voting to fund the government only in exchange for a delay in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act – with the specific knowledge that it will not pass the Senate or President Obama will veto the measure – House Republicans deliberately put our country and its government into shutdown mode.  The House GOP’s grandstanding is knowingly risking financial harm to 90,000 federal workers and 180,000 federal contractors, as well as their families and local communities, in Maryland alone.  Our state could lose 3 to 7 percent of our state’s daily income, up to $5 million in State revenues lost for each shutdown day, and somewhere between $24 million and $89 million in economic output each day.      All states will feel an impact from the shutdown, but Maryland would be hit even harder than most because our economy is inextricably linked to the federal workforce.  If you’re a federal employee and you don’t know when your next paycheck is coming, chances are you’re going to be tightening your purse strings.  When that happens hundreds of thousands of times over, the economy is going to feel it.     To certain members of the GOP, these numbers are a small price to pay for media attention.  The New York Times described House Republicans as “downright giddy” as they moved our government closer to a shutdown. But to Marylanders, a government shutdown is nothing to celebrate. These numbers mean real financial pain for millions of hardworking employees and their families in our State and all across our Nation.     Some House and Senate Republicans defend their decision to play chicken with millions of jobs by claiming that they are taking a stand against the Affordable Care Act. But by standing against health care reform, they are also standing against the 100 million Americans who are benefitting from the consumer protections and access to secure health coverage that the ACA has brought them. This includes more than 34 million seniors who have received free preventive services, more than three million children who’ve been able to stay on their parents’ insurance plans, and all the people in their own districts who have or will receive affordable health care under the ACA. These Republicans are also standing against all three branches of our government:  the Supreme Court, who upheld the Affordable Care Act, the Executive Branch, who signed the law, and their own branch of government that passed the law.  Finally, they’re standing against rational members of their own political party, who are warning them not to gamble with our economy and the livelihoods of millions.       Sometimes I wonder why these Tea Party extremists ran for elected office if they refuse to actually govern. When you hold the economy hostage in an act of political showmanship, you’re sending a clear message that you want gridlock rather than government. The only progress these extremists have been interested in was the progress towards a shutdown.      But that’s not the progress that the American people need and deserve. We need to continue strengthening our economy, which has created 7.5 million private-sector jobs over the last 42 months.  And we desperately need to come together on a comprehensive budget solution that’s fair to all Americans.      We have enough problems to face without gratuitously creating new ones.  We need to overcome the problems that we can control so that together, we can face those problems that are much more vexing.  That’s the promise we make to the American people as public servants, and a promise that our Nation is depending on us to fulfill.
Very proud of this.   CARDIN, MIKULSKI ANNOUNCE FEDERAL FUNDING TO PROVIDE CRITICAL SERVICES TO DEVELOPMENTALLY DISABLED IN ALLEGANY COUNTY CUMBERLAND, MD – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (both D-Md.) today announced that Friends Aware Incorporated has received a grant in the amount of $185,000 from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for the expansion of facilities and capabilities. Friends Aware provides vocational training, employment services and day habitation to individuals with developmental disabilities in Allegany County.   “I am proud that this grant will empower Marylanders with developmental disabilities to live up to their full potential,” said Senator Cardin. “By providing tools, skills and opportunities, Friends Aware, in conjunction with Appalachian Regional Commission, are strengthening families and communities in Western Maryland.”   “Friends Aware in Allegany County helps Marylanders with mental and intellectual challenges to have a way to a better life,” Senator Mikulski said. “This grant will help people move into the workplace and find success there. The result is good for individuals receiving these services, good for employers and good for Maryland’s economy.”   The grant will expand and upgrade the 22,000 square foot facility on Holland Street in Cumberland. Currently Friends Aware provides day habitation to 140 individuals. The expansion will enable more community partnerships and create greater opportunity for skills training and employment. Friends Aware works with the Maryland Department of Education Division of Rehabilitation to provide career counseling, medical rehabilitation, and job placement to those who qualify. This grant will enable Friends Aware to create 15 new direct care staffing jobs by 2015.   In addition to the $185,000 in ARC funding, local sources will provide an additional $185,000 bringing the total amount to $370,000. Each year ARC provides funding for several hundred projects in the Appalachian Region, in areas such as business development, education and job training, telecommunications, infrastructure, community development, housing, and transportation.
“Americans are counting on Congress to do its job and pass a fiscally responsible budget. We cannot continue to govern from crisis to crisis ,as we have been forced to do recently, without putting out economy at risk. I urge the majority in the House to come to their senses and quickly pass the continuing resolution just approved by the Senate. A continuing resolution is not good policy because you cannot adjust spending levels, but it is a better alternative than shutting down the government and putting families, seniors and communities across the country at risk. Once we can move beyond this current deadline, we should be sitting down as adults, as national leaders, and negotiating a budget that funds national priorities and essential services through all of FY14.   “We started this Congress with the House passing a budget and the Senate passing a budget. They were very different budgets. Democrats want to get rid of sequestration; Republicans don’t. Democrats want to ensure more Americans have access to affordable, quality health care through Obamacare; Republicans don’t. Democrats want to actually reconcile our two budgets into one; Republicans don’t. In the House, there is a minority in the majority caucus that wants to see government fail and wants to see gridlock rule the day. These Republicans want to hold the economy hostage so they can try to defund Obamacare. Obamacare will not be defunded. We are not turning back the clock. We are not putting our seniors, our families, our children and small businesses at risk. These extremists were elected to actually govern. They need to do just that. We all need to move on to the current business of paying our bills and boosting the economy rather than playing games with the full faith and credit of the United States of America.”
In #MD we decided affordable health care should be a right for all--- not a privilege for some, so we sat down and made it work. Now quality affordable healthcare will be a reality for Marylanders.
Yesterday in Rockville, Maryland  Chris Van Hollen, Jamie Raskin Councilmember Nancy Navarro joined me to show our strong support for preserving and advancing voting rights in the face of recent roadblocks across the Country. While there I stood with Mayor Vincent C. Gray against the injustice of denying proper Congressional representation to nearly a half million #DC voters. #taxationwithoutrepresentation
I join the Department of State and the much of the international community in condemning #Sudanese President al-#Bashir’s request for a United States visa to attend the opening of the #UN General Assembly in #NewYork. President #al-Bashir has been indicted by the International Criminal Court for #genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity and must answer to these accusations.  He has proven once again that he has no respect for the international community and the norms that we hold dear. President al-Bashir needs to go to The #Hague, not the United Nations.”
The fatal shooting at the Washington #NavyYard this morning is a senseless tragedy. I mourn the loss of life and offer my prayers to all who have been affected by this heinous act, especially the families of the victims. Our #Navy and their civilian colleagues work day and night to protect the American public. An attack on the people tasked with keeping this nation safe is beyond unacceptable. While we are still waiting to for a better understanding of the events to emerge, it is my hope that all those who were responsible will be brought to justice. I thank our Federal, State and Local first responders and law enforcement for swiftly and dutifully responding to this appalling attack despite the personal dangers. - Ben
“Twelve years ago, America was dealt an unspeakable blow, but in the years since, we have continued to rebuke the message of hate that was brought to our door step. What’s more is that we affirm our core American values that were magnified in the days following those attacks. We are still a diverse nation of many races, religions, and ideas united under the same flag. Maybe most importantly, we are still at our best when we come together.     “Every year and every day since 9/11, we are reminded that though we are a strong and determined nation, the wounds we suffered that day 12 years ago will never be fully healed. No amount of time can rationalize the senseless violence, or bring back those lost. We take time to remember those Americans who perished on that day and to remember them and their families with a special prayer. We reflect on the heroism of the firefighters, police officers, medical workers, city officials, and ordinary citizens who gave their own lives trying to save others.      “I also salute the brave members of our military, the intelligence community, Foreign Service officers, and the people entrusted with safe guarding our borders, bridges, air and sea ports, and key infrastructure, who have all made great sacrifices to ensure our continued safety in a post- 9/11 world. Through their efforts, we have brought many of the responsible terrorists, including Osama Bin Laden, to justice and we have made great strides in reducing the capacity for others who wish to do similar harm like was done on 9/11. We have come a long way since that day and we owe so much to these men and women, and especially the families who support them.     “On this solemn day, we join together to show the world that our nation is united, and firmly resolved to defend our freedom and safeguard our liberty against any enemy. On September 11, 2001, we showed the world a brand of resilience, compassion, and strength that could only be made in America. Twelve years after the most heinous attacks in our Nation’s history, we stand tall. We stand tall, not weighed down the gravity of 9-11- but made stronger by it. We remain united in our diversity like no other nation on earth, “…One Nation under G-d, indivisible with liberty and justice for all.”
Ben- What did you think of The Presidents speech on #Syria tonight? Certainly welcome constructive opinions.
Follow Ben on @Twitter for the latest news coming out of Washington and around Maryland   Twitter - @SenatorCardin
Ben is on his way to the United States Senate Floor to deliver remarks concerning the ongoing conflict in #Syria. Watch live via C-SPAN at the link below.  http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Ben is live on WBAL Radio discussing #Syria now, tune in now http://www.wbal.com/listen/player
#ICYMI Ben appeared on the The Ed Show  on msnbc last night and discussed the most recent developments in #Syria
Cardin Votes To Support Narrow Engagement In #Syria With Explicit Prohibition On The Use Of American Combat Troops  “I do not take this vote lightly but inaction would simply bolster those who wish to lash out and do harm to others”  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, voted today to approve a limited use of force for a limited period of time in Syria to deter the future use of chemical weapons. After days of briefings and hearings, Senator Cardin continues to believe that the recent use of #chemical weapons against Syrian civilians cannot go unchallenged; however he does not support sending U.S. #military forces for combat in Syria. The authorization approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee today will be considered by the full Senate next week.  “America does not want to go to war. Congress has no intention of authorizing a war, let alone another long and costly war in the Middle East. The evidence presented to our committee, which has been backed by numerous sources, makes it clear that President Assad has perpetrated grave crimes against humanity. Assad's blatant use of chemical weapons against the people of Syria flies in the face of the rules of war and, for the sake of America’s national #security and the stability of the region; we cannot turn a blind eye to this heinous act.  “The authorization our committee approved gives the President the authority he needs to take limited action in response to the Assad regime’s illegal use of chemical weapons. It also sends a strong signal to rogue actors around the globe—from Tehran to Pyongyang- that we will not tolerate their belligerence.  America’s allies and friends in the region- including Jordan, Israel and Turkey- must know that we are serious about protecting our shared national security interests. Inaction would simply bolster those who wish to lash out and do harm to us.  “I did not take this vote lightly. Any time #Congress is asked to authorize the lethal use of our military, it is a weighty and heart-wrenching decision. During our deliberations, I argued that we needed a tailored mission that deals with the chemical weapons threat and I pushed for language to specify that that Congress in no way intends to send American troops into Syria. The Senate resolution language is especially clear on this last point.  I also noted that our mission should be carried out in a way that protects civilians as best possible, and it must be for a limited duration.”
#ICYMI Here is Ben's appearance on the The Rachel Maddow Show from last night. Ben gave his stance on the situation in #Syria.
Ben will be on the  The Rachel Maddow Show tonight at 9 PM ET discussing today's United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations meeting on #Syria and what's coming next. Tune in.
Here is a very helpful Washington Post running transcript of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on #Syria
Coming up at 230pm watch Ben live at the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on The Authorization of Force in #Syria   http://alturl.com/qp3h2
Sitting down for an interview on @msnbc. Will be discussing Syria, look for it to air at 330 ET.
Despite how far we have come, we cannot be satisfied. We cannot be satisfied until “the riches of freedom and the security of justice” are available to all Americans regardless of race, religion or gender.  
 
 As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, we have to remember that we are fighting many of the same battles. We are still working to end racial profiling, strengthen voting rights and eliminate racial disparities in health care—all work that requires the united efforts of many.
 
 Ben at the  March on Washington Foot Soldiers Memorial Dedication
Ben's prepared remarks from March on Washington Foot Soldiers Memorial dedication earlier today in #Annapolis   Good morning.  What an honor it is to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom with so many of the people who were there.  I want to thank all who were part of  making the Foot Soldiers Memorial happen.     We gather here to celebrate the unsung heroes of “the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation.”   50 years ago, people from many different backgrounds gathered in this park to board buses bound for Washington D.C. Not knowing what dangers they might face,  foot soldiers in the fight for Civil Rights stood up for the  inalienable rights of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness. The great gains we have made in the last 50 years have been fueled in large part by the blood sweat and tears of the foot soldiers.    America has come a long way since the day Martin Luther King told 250,000 marchers about his dream.   Despite how far we have come, we cannot be satisfied. We cannot be satisfied until “the riches of freedom and the security of justice” are available to all Americans regardless of race, religion or gender.    As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, we have to remember that we are fighting many of the same battles. We are still working to end racial profiling, strengthen voting rights and eliminate racial disparities in health care—all work that requires the united efforts of many.  In the Senate I have introduced the End Racial Profiling Act, The Deceptive Practices and Voter Intimidation Prevention Act and fought for the establishment of the HHS Offices of Minority Health and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities at the National Institutes of Health.   I am proud to stand with you, committed to the ideals put forward by Dr. King 50 years ago.   In the two years after the March on Washington we saw two of the most significant pieces of civil rights legislation land on the President’s desk.  The 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act both became the law of the land because of the hard work and sacrifice of millions of foot soldiers.   You fought for his dream and it became a reality.  Now is the time to recommit to the fight, and I cannot think of any better leaders than those who have witnessed social change before. Your experiences are invaluable to the next generation campaigning for social justice.   This memorial will stand as a reminder of the power of unity over division and conviction over apathy.  I would like to end with some words from Dr. King that are as apt today as they were 50 years ago.   “We are not satisfied, and we will not be satisfied until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream.”  #MarchOnWashington #MLK #MoW50 #MLK50
Proud to partner with U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski and USDA Rural Development to bring critical funds to to extend Allegany County water mains to connect to the Rawlings community water system and replace the existing aged distribution system.    "All Marylanders deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on outlives its expected lifespan,” said Senator Cardin. "I applaud USDA-RD’s proactive approach, and strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems in Allegany County and across the nation. We must continue to take a proactive approach, making strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems."   Read More. http://alturl.com/2vqug
Heading over to the #Baltimore Urban  League later this afternoon for a roundtable  discussion on legislative efforts to end racial profiling.   I recently joined with Rep. John Conyers (D-MI), author of the House companion bill, and leading civil rights groups to urge their colleagues in the Senate and House to come together to pass this important legislation.     The End Racial Profiling Act (#ERPA) is designed to enforce the constitutional right to equal protection of the laws by eliminating racial profiling through changing the policies and procedures underlying the practice. It has been endorsed by the NAACP The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights Rights Working Group ACLU Nationwide
#HappyWomensEqualityDay today we recommit to many worthy efforts to ensure liberty & justice for all, #RatifyEra #VRA #PayCheckFairness.
Today Ben visited Holy Cross Hospital in Silver Spring today for a roundtable discussion with Montgomery County health care providers and health partners. Key to the discussion was the upcoming enrollment period for the Maryland Health Connection, one of the major provisions of the Affordable Care Act that begins in 2014.   “I am proud that Maryland's hospitals, healthcare providers and health systems have been on the leading edge of implementing the benefits and consumer-protections of the Affordable Care Act,” said Senator Cardin. “The Affordable Care Act is already providing stable and secure coverage for families in Montgomery County and across Maryland. The law is slowing the growth of healthcare costs to provide Americans with better value, better options, and better health. Obamacare is here to stay and we should be working together to build on the progress we’ve made through the law.”    Read More  http://alturl.com/sommw
Gay rights are human rights. For a number of reasons recent anti-LGBT legislation coming out of Russia is disturbing. It's time to explore political means of pressuring Russia to protect LGBT rights.  The Jewish Daily Forward ADL - Anti-Defamation League
Here is an amazing story about an amazing young man. I had the honor of having Thomas McRae intern in my office this summer, he's an incredibly gifted young man who will no doubt go on to do great things. This story maybe the best thing you'll read all week.
Senator Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Announce $110,000 Head Start Grant For  Cumberland, Maryland  Cumberland, MD – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (Both D-MD) today announced that the City of Cumberland has received a $110,000 grant from the Appalachian Regional Commission for the #Allegany County Human Resources Development Commission (HRDC) Head Start Program.  The new program will serve 47 children ages 0-5 years old from households with incomes at or below 100% #poverty.   “From the very start, we need to give our children every opportunity to learn and succeed. Head Start programs work, helping students be better prepared for #school. They should be expanded wherever possible,” said #Senator Cardin. “Federal investment in the future of our children and their developmental success is where we should be putting our resources. Children who have participated in Head Start arrive at school better prepared and do better academically than #children who do not attend Head Start. #Cumberland and the region will benefit from this important partnership.”    "Head Start helps the children who are most in need to keep up with their age group in school,” said Senator Mikulski. “It gets children to the doctor to get immunizations or hearing checks. It provides nutritious meals for children who might otherwise go hungry. I'm a social worker. I've seen firsthand children whose lives were changed by a simple hearing aid. Programs like these can make all the difference in the world in the life of a child.”   "Head Start is a program that gives the youngest among us a jump start on learning.  #Education directly correlates with good citizenship, good jobs, and strong families.  This funding will help to prepare better citizens and is a direct investment in our community's youth,” said Cumberland Mayor Brian K. Grim  The City of Cumberland through Allegany County HRDC will be renovating an existing building in the 300-block of Seymour Street to support the new #HeadStart Program. The renovation of the Seymour Street property will remove existing blight, and will also place the new program centrally located to the participating families.    In addition to the $100,000 in ARC funds, state sources will provide $250,000, and local sources will provide an additional $200,000, bringing the total project funding to $560,000.
Cardin Calls On Treasury/IRS To Quickly Provide Legally Married Same-Sex Couples With Clear Guidance On Tax Rules   U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee which has oversight responsibility for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), has written to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel urging them to promptly resolve questions and clarify tax guidelines for legally married same-sex couples, and those in legal civil unions. Since the June 26 Supreme Court decision in United States v. Windsor, same-sex couples who hold a valid marriage license issued by a U.S. state or a foreign country are now considered married under federal law and each party to such a marriage is considered a spouse wherever that term is found in the Tax Code.   Follow the link to continue reading.  http://alturl.com/ohtf6   Human Rights Campaign
Very proud to partner with the Baltimore City Fire Department
Saddened to hear about the passing of Jack Germond. He was an incredibly talented journalist with the The Baltimore Sun and other publications. He was dedicated to getting to the bottom of a story and providing readers with the facts they needed to form an opinion. Great journalist, great person, he will be dearly missed.
“A healthy water infrastructure system is as important to America’s economy as paved roads and sturdy bridges”   Laurel, MD – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, Chairman of the #Senate Water and Wildlife Subcommittee, visited with the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission Tuesday for a briefing by WSSC CEO and General Manager Jerry N. Johnson at the Patuxent Water Filtration Plant and to discuss federal options for improving our nation’s aging water infrastructure. The region has seen a growing number of water main breaks. As recently as July, a water main serving 100,000 people in Prince George’s County began to fail.  Mandatory water restrictions were instituted, limiting access to water for homes and businesses during an intense heat wave that saw the heat index repeatedly reach the triple digits.    "#Americans deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on outlives its 50-year expected lifespan. Several cities have water systems over 100 years old, so it is no surprise that industry experts say that since January 2000, water main breaks have cost this nation over $42 billion dollars in repair costs," said Senator Cardin. "Our aging water infrastructure system represents a clear and present danger to public #health, as well as our #economic #security and therefore our national security. The federal government cannot meet this need alone, but we must take a proactive approach, making strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems."   Wastewater treatment plants prevent billions of tons of pollutants each year from reaching America’s rivers, lakes, and coastlines. In so doing, they help prevent water-borne #disease and make our waters safe for fishing and swimming. Similarly, some 54,000 community drinking water systems provide drinking water to more than 250 million Americans, keeping water supplies free of contaminants that cause disease.  The ongoing degradation of these systems puts human #health directly at risk. “We very much appreciate Senator Cardin's hard work to keep renewal of our aging underground pipes and other assets in the national conversation about rebuilding America’s infrastructure. As we say, we are out of sight and out of mind,” said Johnson. "We face many of the same issues other utilities around the country face; aging water and sewer systems, regulatory mandates to ensure water quality and protect the environment; and ever-changing technology that improves every aspect of what we do. But all of this costs more and that affects our customers."   It’s estimated that by 2020, the forecasted deficit for sustaining water delivery and wastewater treatment infrastructure, will trigger a $206 billion increase in costs for businesses.  In a worst case scenario, a lack of water infrastructure investment will cause the United States to lose nearly 700,000 jobs by 2020. The #EPA has estimated that more than $630 billion will be needed over the next 20 years to meet the nation's water and wastewater infrastructure needs.   The immediate and long-term dividends of investing in water infrastructure are significant. Research shows that water infrastructure investment has one of the highest job creation potentials when compared across other broad categories of public infrastructure investment. The U.S. Conference of Mayors notes that each public dollar invested in water infrastructure increases private long-term #GDP output by more than $6.  The National Association of Utility Contractors estimates that one billion dollars of water infrastructure investment can create over 26,000 jobs. The     Department of Commerce has found that that same dollar yields close to $3 worth of economic output in other industries.  Every #job created in local water and sewer industries creates close to four jobs elsewhere in the national economy.   #Senator Cardin talked in detail about two federal bills that would help alleviate many of the problems facing #Maryland and the nation. the first, the Water Infrastructure Resiliency and Sustainability Act, which will be formally introduced in September, will help local communities with matching grants to help meet the challenges of upgrading water infrastructure systems to meet the hydrological changes we are seeing today.  Communities across the country will be able to compete for federal matching funds to help #finance water infrastructure projects. This type of grant funding meets a growing need in our communities, but it is meant to complement, not replace, the federal funding structure that is the longstanding foundation for water infrastructure support in this country: the Clean #Water State Revolving Fund and Drinking #Water State Revolving Fund (#SRFs), which are long overdue for reauthorization. These programs provide critical funding to communities for water #infrastructure maintenance and improvement, and they are operating in an atmosphere of uncertainty and decreasing resources due to the longstanding failure to reauthorize them.
"Americans deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on outlives its 50-year expected lifespan. Several cities have water systems over 100 years old, so it is no surprise that industry experts say that since January 2000, water main breaks have cost this nation over $42 billion dollars in repair costs," said Senator Cardin. "Our aging water infrastructure system represents a clear and present danger to public health, as well as our economic security and therefore our national security. The federal government cannot meet this need alone, but we must take a proactive approach, making strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and future needs of our water systems."  http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-visits-wssc-in-push-to-make-water-infrastructure-upgrades-a-national-priority-
Was glad to be joined by Martin O'Malley for the ribbon cutting at the Halethorpe MARC Station. Investments in transportation infrastructure keep our environment healthy, our workforce on the move, and our economy growing.
Watch Ben at his roundtable discussion on the #ACA live from Highlandtown. http://cs.pn/19Zsilc
Ben- Would like to extend warm greetings to Muslims celebrating Eid al-Fitr here in #MD, across the United States and the entire world. Eid Mubarak
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today announced that the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHLBank Atlanta) will provide $3 million in funding to create greater affordable housing opportunities in #Maryland.  “Every Marylander – every American – deserves a safe and affordable place to call home. Three million dollars will go a long way toward revitalizing Maryland communities by expanding affordable housing and creating quality #jobs and opportunities,” said Senator Cardin, a senior member of the #Senate Finance Committee. “I am proud to support investments like this, which reinforce the federal government’s commitment to affordable housing.”  Maryland community developers will partner with local FHL Bank Atlanta member financial institutions to build or repair 693 housing units in seven affordable housing developments in #Baltimore City, Baltimore County, #Frederick, and #Cecil County through the Bank’s Affordable Housing Program.  Follow the link to read more.  http://alturl.com/76qbn
“The future of our #environment and our #economy require that we respond to the climate threat with seriousness and urgency.  Supporting the scientific research that results in new, efficient technologies to move us away from fossil fuels is a crucial step in the battle against #climate change that will also boost our economy by creating a new sector of inherently domestic #jobs,” - Senator Ben Cardin  Read more from the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change Releases Recommendations for the U.S. Department of Energy  Henry Waxman Senator Sheldon Whitehouse Congressman Bobby L. Rush Earl Blumenauer Edward J. Markey
Maryland has a great tradition of joining the National Night Out. This is a fantastic program that brings together community members and local law enforcement to connect. The goal is to build positive relationships and open communication channels that will pay dividends throughout the year.     By turning on your porch light to make the streets a little brighter, and getting to know who else lives and works in your community, you can make a positive difference and help keep our streets and our children safe. I am proud that you represent Maryland within a growing network more than 37 million strong from all 50 states, as well as territories and military bases who are all celebrating the National Night Out.   There is more work to be done, so tell your neighbors who are not with you tonight. Talk to family and colleagues and help make every night an opportunity to come together and make every neighborhood a place worth calling home.
•	It was great to host an event at the Library of Congress which featured a tour of its exhibit commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Civil War. The event brought to DC a diverse group of Marylanders including  -civil rights leaders and representatives from Maryland historical societies, museums, tourism groups, the Maryland Humanities Council and Maryland History Day student awardees and participating teachers. Pleasure to have been joined by U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards Chris Van Hollen
Kudos to Sec Def  Chuck Hagel  for finding a way to reduce furlough days for Department of Defense (DOD) civilians from 11 to six. It’s welcome news for DOD families and the communities that support our military installations. But losing six days pay is still not acceptable. #Sequestration cuts and the resulting #furloughs are harming our national security by reducing readiness, cutting morale and distracting hardworking public servants from carrying out their vital missions. In addition, it is hurting our regional and national economies. Our civilian #defense workforce has showed great patience and patriotism in recent months, Congress owes them a sequester replacement before they are subjected to even deeper cuts in FY 14.
The Preventive Health Savings Act of 2013 (S. 1422) would allow the Chairman or Ranking Member of the House or Senate Budget Committee, or the health committees—HELP, Finance, Ways and Means, or Energy and Commerce – to  request an analysis of preventive measures extending  beyond the existing 10-year window to two additional 10-year periods. 
I am deeply troubled by #Russia’s decision to grant temporary asylum to Edward Snowden. Had a Russian citizen hacked into computers to gain sensitive national security information, there is no question that they would be in prison or worse. Edward #Snowden broke the law, and as such, Russia should have facilitated his return to the United States to stand trial.
Cardin, Mikulski Announce HUD Approval Of $8.6 Million Federal Community Development Block Grant Recovery Plan For Lower Shore Recovering From Super-Storm #Sandy   WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski, Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, (both D-Md.) today announced that the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has approved Maryland’s recovery plan to use $8.6 million in federal funding through the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program to help Lower Shore communities struggling to recover from Super-Storm Sandy. These funds were included in the Super-Storm Sandy Supplemental Appropriations bill which passed the Senate in January to help restore infrastructure and housing in communities hit hardest by the storm.  “Marylanders continue to rebuild their lives, their homes and their businesses long after Hurricane Sandy. The federal government has been a partner since day one with resources and support. The Community Development Block Grants from HUD are sorely needed and will help bridge the distance to making Crisfield and the surrounding area whole again,” said Senator Ben Cardin. “I will continue to work with HUD and other agencies to ensure that funds reach the people and neighborhoods most in need.”     “Super-Storm Sandy was one of the most destructive storms to ever hit the United States and had a measurable impact on Marylanders, especially on the residents of Somerset County. These funds in the federal checkbook will help those still reeling from the devastation of Sandy to recover and rebuild their lives, their livelihoods and their communities,” said Senator Mikulski, Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee that puts funds in the federal checkbook for all federal housing programs. “I’ve continued to fight hard with Team Maryland so that those hit hardest by this storm know they have a federal government on their side. I’ve seen first-hand the impact Super-Storm Sandy has had on communities like Crisfield. We’ve got businesses that need to restart and homes that need to be rebuilt. This Community Development Block Grant funding is welcome relief to residents of Somerset County that will help restore infrastructure and housing and help restore lives.”      Following HUD’s announcement in February that it would award Maryland $8.6 million in CDBG funding, grantees were required to develop and submit an action plan to HUD within 90 days to detail where funds will be allocated. Maryland’s initial recovery plan calls for a $4.4 million investment in a variety of housing and infrastructure activities in Somerset County.  It also includes $3 million to help owner-occupants rehabilitate or replace their homes.  In addition, the state plans to invest $1 million to assist small businesses that have unmet recovery needs.  Read Maryland’s disaster recovery plan here.     CDBG disaster funds are flexible aid for states and localities that can be used to address severely damaged housing, infrastructure, and assist with economic development in areas impacted by Sandy. To date, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has provided $33.2 million in federal individual and public assistance in #Maryland.  With the full support and backing of Team Maryland, FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency reversed its initial denial of Individual Disaster Assistance for Somerset County, approving approved this assistance, which provides critical housing assistance and disaster-related support for families and individuals coping with the immediate aftermath of the storm.
NA
“#Racial profiling is simply wrong. It doesn’t work, it wastes valuable resources and diminishes the willingness of targeted communities from trusting and working with police when the need is real,” said #Senator #Cardin. “We need a uniform definition of racial profiling so that law enforcement can concentrate on investigating real crimes and real leads, and men and women across the country can feel secure that they are not being pulled over or harassed by law enforcement solely based on their race, religion, national origin, or ethnicity. The vast majority of law enforcement officials, who put their lives on the line every day, work with professionalism, diligence, and fidelity to the rule of law. But racial profiling is legal in far too many states and we need to end this bad policy now.”     #Racialprofiling is defined in a standard, consistent definition as the practice of a law enforcement agent relying on #race, #ethnicity, #religion, or #national origin as a factor in their investigations and activities. The legislation creates an exception for the use of these factors where there is trustworthy information, relevant to the locality and time frame, which links persons of a particular race, ethnicity, or national origin to an identified incident or scheme.
Cardin Says Momentum Is Building For Legislation To End Racial Profiling By Law Enforcement  Washington, DC -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today joined  Congressman John Conyers, Jr. and leading #civilrights groups to urge their colleagues in the Senate and House to come together and pass the End Racial Profiling Act. #Senator Cardin is the author of S. 1038, the Senate version of the bill, which has 16 cosponsors including Majority Leader  Senator Harry Reid (D-NV) and Assistant Majority Leader/Judiciary Committee Member Dick Durbin (D-IL), Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Christopher Coons (D-DE), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Tom Harkin (D-IA), Mazie Hirono (D-HI), the late Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ), Carl Levin (D-MI), Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Barbara Mikulski (D-MD), Christopher Murphy (D-CT), Debbie Stabenow (D-MI), Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), and Ron Wyden (D-OR). Congressman Conyers introduced his House companion bill today. This is the second time the two have been partners on this legislation.   “#Racial profiling is simply wrong. It doesn’t work, it wastes valuable resources and diminishes the willingness of targeted communities from trusting and working with police when the need is real,” said Senator Cardin. “We need a uniform definition of racial profiling so that law enforcement can concentrate on investigating real crimes and real leads, and men and women across the country can feel secure that they are not being pulled over or harassed by law enforcement solely based on their race, religion, national origin, or ethnicity. The vast majority of law enforcement officials, who put their lives on the line every day, work with professionalism, diligence, and fidelity to the rule of law. But racial profiling is legal in far too many states and we need to end this bad policy now.”  Racial profiling is defined in a standard, consistent definition as the practice of a law enforcement agent relying on race, ethnicity, religion, or national origin as a factor in their investigations and activities. The legislation creates an exception for the use of these factors where there is trustworthy information, relevant to the locality and time frame, which links persons of a particular race, ethnicity, or national origin to an identified incident or scheme.  The #Senate #Judiciary Committee held a hearing on “Ending Racial Profiling in America” in April 2012, in which Sen. Cardin testified about his legislation. The End Racial Profiling Act has been endorsed by  The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, The NAACP The Rights Working Group The ACLU Nationwide Blacks in Law Enforcement of America The Sikh Coalition and over 130 other national, state, and local civil and legal rights organizations.
Cardin, Hoyer Host Healthcare Providers On Progress Of Affordable Care Act And Upcoming Exchanges   Waldorf, MD – Days after rates were announced for Maryland’s health exchange, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin and Congressman Steny Hoyer (both D-MD) hosted healthcare providers and health partners from Calvert, Charles and St. Mary’s Counties for a discussion about healthcare reform and the upcoming Maryland Health Exchanges. Health care exchanges that begin in January 2014 are a centerpiece of the Affordable Care Act. Participants in the roundtable will be on the front lines of navigating the Maryland exchange in the individual market and will be dealing mainly with the uninsured.   “I am proud that Maryland has been on the leading edge of implementing the benefits and consumer-protections of the Affordable Care Act. As we move closer to the initial enrollment period, we are learning that rates in Maryland are among the lowest in the nation and that Marylanders will have a wider choice of plans available to them. We want to ensure that providers, hospitals and health partners are ready. Our community health centers especially, will grow in their role providing quality healthcare to Marylanders,” said Senator Cardin. “We have very limited information about the plans that will offer pediatric dental coverage. Today, I am requesting additional information from state officials regarding the benefit levels and cost-sharing for these plans, and I will continue to seek improvements at the national level. I would like to see improvements in the plans offered and benefits for pediatric dental care.”  “Maryland has been leading the nation when it comes to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, and I was pleased to join Southern Maryland health care providers today to hear from them about how their efforts are progressing,” stated Congressman Hoyer.  “Our state exchange, the Maryland Health Connection, will be ready for open enrollment this October, and choice and competition in our marketplace will be strong.  I look forward to continuing to work with our providers, the Maryland Congressional delegation and other stakeholders as implementation, outreach and enrollment move forward.”   The Maryland Health Connection is expected to enroll 180,000 of our state’s approximately 800,000 uninsured residents through private insurance and 100,000 more through Medicaid within the first year of enrollment, which begins October 1st. An estimated three out of four Marylanders purchasing coverage through the Maryland Health Connection will be eligible for tax credits to reduce the cost of coverage, bringing $7.5 billion in premium and cost sharing tax credits into Maryland during the first five years of the health insurance Exchange.   All health insurance coverage through the Maryland Health Connection and health exchanges across the country include comprehensive care, including outpatient and inpatient care, mental health and substance abuse treatment, laboratory testing and radiology, and prescription drug coverage; emphasis on preventive services, available free of charge; a cap on out-of-pocket expenses; and no lifetime or yearly dollar limits on coverage. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, no one can be rejected due to pre-existing conditions.  The Affordable Care Act is working to lower costs, increase efficiency, and deliver better patient outcomes around the nation. We are already seeing benefits and savings from this legislation: Health care spending grew by 3.9% in 2011, continuing for the third consecutive year the slowest growth rate in 50 years; health-care costs grew slower than the rest of the economy in 2011 for the first time in more than a decade; the proportion of requests for double-digit premium increases plummeted from 75% in 2010 to 14% so far in 2013; Medicaid spending per beneficiary decreased by 1.9% from 2011 to 2012; Medicare spending per beneficiary grew by only 0.4% in fiscal year 2012. The Affordable Care Act is driving down cost growth while strengthening and expanding coverage.
Here in Waldorf with Steny Hoyer talking to Southern #MD #healthcare providers about #ACA / #Obamacare. Letting them know about the coming benefits of the exchanges and answering questions.
Dickerson, MD - U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance and Small Business committees, toured the state-of-the-art facilities at the Sugarloaf Mountain Vineyard today. The visit was the first stop in Montgomery County for his ‘Made in Maryland’ tour of companies that are making innovative products and reinvesting in our communities to help grow Maryland’s economy. Following the tour, Senator Cardin was joined by local businesses, including other Maryland wineries, catering and tourism representatives to discuss how the federal government could best support regional businesses.    http://alturl.com/sv6g5
#Washington, DC – As part of the blank-slate process established by the #Finance Committee leadership, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-#MD), a member of the #Senate Finance Committee, has submitted his ideas on how to best reform the U.S. #Tax Code.  His priorities include enhanced progressivity, encouraging savings, promoting job-creating energy sector investments, and other proposals that would invest in our current and future economy.  “It is time we embraced a balanced approach to our budget. This requires reforming our current tax structure and reforming it in such a way that makes sense and is fair so that no one, especially the middle class is left to bear our fiscal burden alone. Chairman Max Baucus and Ranking Member Senator Orrin Hatch have provided an opportunity for all members of the Senate to participate in comprehensive tax reform and they will need this kind of input and partnership to write a bill that can be supported by a majority of the Senate. As a member of the Finance Committee, I have been and plan to continue to be actively engaged in this process.   “I believe that comprehensive tax reform should produce sufficient and sustainable revenues that will encourage economic growth, help deal with our budget deficit and support ongoing investments in our future. Within that framework, I have shared some areas of high concern with the committee, including:     • the need to maintain or increase the #fairness and progressivity in the tax code • the outlines of a progressive consumption tax that would reduce or eliminate #incometaxes for many #Americans and lower corporate taxes for small businesses and others • the essential goal of protecting savings, especially retirement savings • incentives for innovation in the energy sector that will make energy cleaner, more secure and affordable; help build an industry of inherently domestic jobs; enhance our national security by decreasing our reliance on foreign energy sources; enhance economic stability; and reduce global #environmental impacts   “As we debate #taxreform, we should set partisanship aside to encourage investments in programs that will create jobs and enable more Americans to take home a growing paycheck.”     ###
#ICYMI Senator Cardin on Washington Journal earlier this morning discussing #Syria, #gridlock, the #economy and more. He took calls and responded to constituents on Twitter.
Cardin Troubled By Deteriorating Security And #Humanitarian Crisis In South Sudan  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa, and Senate Chair of the U.S. #Helsinki Commission, released the following statement on the recent political crisis, violence and escalating humanitarian emergency in South Sudan:     “I am deeply troubled by recent reports on the deteriorating security and humanitarian situation in the #Jonglei State in South Sudan. Reports indicate that there are over 100,000 internally displaced persons in Jonglei as a result of the violence and dozens more have been beaten and killed.  The senseless murder and abuse of civilians is inexcusable. I call on both state and non-state actors to renounce violence immediately and instead work towards peaceful reconciliation. I am pleased that the U.S. Department of State  is working with our international partners to ensure that the UN Mission to South Sudan has access to the communities in crisis.     “#SouthSudan is also facing a crisis of leadership. President Kirr’s recent decision to remove his vice president, dissolve his cabinet, and suspend the ruling political party is particularly concerning. I urge President Kirr to swiftly rebuild his government by appointing a cabinet that reflects the diversity of the South #Sudanese people.        “In addition to the political, security and humanitarian crises South Sudan is facing an impending oil shutdown due to continuing disagreements with Sudan. An oil shutdown at this juncture would have a disastrous effect on the already volatile social and political situation, and I encourage Sudan and South Sudan to work towards a solution through a constructive dialogue.     “The United States was instrumental in helping South Sudan gain independence just two years ago and we remain committed to bringing the vision of a peaceful, inclusive, and prosperous South Sudan into fruition.  We stand by the people of South Sudan at this difficult time and urge the Government of South Sudan to ensure the safety, security and universal #humanrights of all civilians.”       ###  http://alturl.com/ubve2
Senator Ben Cardin will be on Washington Journal in a few minutes talking about the #Congress, the #Economy #Sequestration and more watch live here   C-SPAN
CARDIN CALLS STUDENT LOAN “COMPROMISE” A SHORT-TERM ANSWER TO A LONG-TERM PROBLEM  Washington, DC -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, made the following remarks after Senate passage of H.R. 1911, the Student Loan Act.  Senator Cardin voted against the bill, considering the current 6.8 percent fixed interest rate to be better for Maryland students than the terms included in the bill.  “The federal government should not be making a profit off student loans. College is already too expensive. It is short-sighted to do anything that would put at risk the ability of students to start or continue their higher education. While the bipartisan deal voted upon in the Senate looks reasonable in the short term, the long-term view is not as positive. Treasury rates can only go up and as they do, according to this plan, student interest rates will go up and up. In #Maryland, nearly 55 percent of students in the graduating Class of 2011 borrowed to pay for their education. Student loan debt has surpassed credit card debt at more than $1 trillion. It makes more sense to freeze rates at 3.4 percent until we can work out a viable, long-term fix to bring down the cost of higher education.  “I am deeply concerned about where we are headed in higher education. Last week, I sat down with Maryland students to talk about the cost of college. Most had previously needed loans to afford their tuition. Higher interest rates on federal student loans are essentially #tax hikes on students and their families. We not only risk their future, but we shortchange the future of our national and regional economies by pricing certain Americans out of the college market. I applaud my colleagues for working through the #gridlock and developing a bipartisan solution to the problem of high student loan interest rates. #Compromise is the way the Senate should be working through the issues of concern to the American people. But I cannot support an agreement that provides short-term relief at the expense of adding to the long-term lack of affordability of higher education."
Team Maryland Announces more than $1 Million to Recruit and Retain Firefighters in Baltimore   WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski along with Representative Elijah E. Cummings,  Dutch Ruppersberger and Congressman John Sarbanes (all D-Md.) today announced that the the #Baltimore County Fire Department has been awarded $1,052,403 in federal funding to hire 11 firefighters through the Department of Homeland Security Staffing for Adequate Fire & Emergency Response (SAFER) grant program. A hiring preference will be given to military #veterans.  "Neighborhoods across Baltimore will be safer now that we have federal funding to fill these essential firefighter positions. We will be able to attract and retain the most capable first responders, while also providing opportunities for our veterans to utilize their military training in the civilian workplace," said Senator Cardin. "These dedicated men and women put their lives on the line for all of us and we owe them our support."    "I know how important this funding is to Maryland communities – often it's the difference between life and death. First responders protect our homes and communities, and the federal government has a responsibility to protect them by providing them with the tools and training they need to do their jobs safer and smarter. These funds in the federal checkbook will better safeguard Baltimore County families and businesses by putting more firefighter boots on the ground protecting lives and livelihoods. By hiring veterans first, we will ensure promises made are promises kept. Our veterans who have fought on the front lines shouldn't have to stand in line for a job," Senator Mikulski said. "Every day when our first responders report for duty, they don't know what they will face. That's why I fight every year for the equipment, training, and staffing our protectors and communities deserve."    "I congratulate the Baltimore County Fire Department for earning the SAFER Grant.  These funds will ensure that our firemen and women will have all of the critical resources they need - including sufficient depth in staffing - to serve the County most efficiently and effectively," Congressman Cummings said. "I am pleased that the Department of Homeland Security has made this investment in our first responders and I am confident that this endowment will only further the Department's commitment to serving and protecting the residents of Baltimore County."    "This grant funds just the type of basic needs governments should be investing in during tough times - jobs and citizen safety," Congressman Ruppersberger said. "I am thrilled that Baltimore County will now be able to hire 11 new firefighters and particularly pleased that every effort will be made to hire U.S. veterans. This is about protecting those that protect us."   "This critical investment will help ensure the Baltimore County Fire Department can protect our communities and keep our families safe," said Congressman Sarbanes. "Our first responders are ready to roll at the sound of the alarm, but they can't do their job safely if the department is understaffed. I will continue working hard to make sure these brave men and women have the resources they need."  The Baltimore County Fire Department will use the award funds to hire and fill 11 firefighter positions that were eliminated in fiscal year 2013 due to budget restrictions. Using grant funds would decrease the current expenses related to filling vacancies and ensure that the department will not need to reduce services or shift the staffing burden to volunteers. These 11 #firefighters will directly provide fire suppression, hazard mitigation, fire and safety education and emergency medicals services to #Baltimore communities. The goal of any SAFER grant is to enhance the ability of grantees to attain and maintain 24-hour staffing. The objective of the program is to award grants directly to volunteer, combination, and career fire departments to help the departments increase the number of frontline firefighters, and to rehire firefighters who were laid off due to the economy.   Since 2001, Maryland fire departments and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) units have received over $131.5 million in fire grant funding, approximately $13.8 million of which was awarded to Fire and EMS departments in Baltimore County.
Congratulations to Gina McCarthy, she has been confirmed as the new head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Ben- #Senate has just voted to confirm Tom #Perez to head the U.S. Department of Labor. This is a win for working Americans and our economy, Tom has had a stellar track record as a dedicated public servant willing to  compromise to seek the greater good. I know he will continue to work hard in his new position. Official statement to follow.  Congrats.
NA
***TODAY FROM 2pm ET***
 
 Senator Ben Cardin, U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer Members of Maryland House Delegation 
 to Hold Twitter Town Hall on #Sequestration
 
 Senator Cardin, Senator Mikulski, Whip Hoyer, Representative Elijah E. Cummings Dutch Ruppersberger Congressman John Sarbanes Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards Chris Van Hollen and Congressman John K. Delaney will host a Twitter Town Hall on Thursday, July 18 from 2:00 – 3:00 p.m. to discuss furloughs at Maryland defense installations and federal facilities, as well as other ways Marylanders are being impacted by the arbitrary, across-the-board spending cuts known as sequestration. 
 
 Maryland Delegation members will be responding to constituent questions through their Twitter accounts: @WhipHoyer (Hoyer), @SenatorBarb (Mikulski), @SenatorCardin (Cardin), @ElijahECummings (Cummings), @Call_Me_Dutch (Ruppersberger), @ChrisVanHollen (Van Hollen), @RepJohnSarbanes (Sarbanes), @RepDonnaEdwards (Edwards), and @RepJohnDelaney (Delaney).
Qualified nominees  like Tom Perez  are being held up in the Senate by partisan gridlock, that in turn holds this Nation back.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance and Small Business Committees, praised the long-awaited Senate confirmation today of Richard Cordray to be the first Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Three years ago, #Congress created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an independent agency focused on protecting consumers – like #military families, #students, and older Americans – from abusive financial practices.     “American consumers deserve to have a watchdog on their side, focused on standards to protect and inform individuals and families as they use financial products. I am pleased that Richard #Cordray finally will be on the job, allowing the #CFPB to be fully functional, giving Americans greater confidence in the security and stability of their major and every day finances, including mortgages, credit cards and other products or services. CFPB will work to eliminate tricks and traps that could make proposed products or services unfit for the marketplace. Finally, it will give consumers the tools they need to avoid becoming victims as they purchase homes and prepare for retirement.      “With a strong leader now at the helm, the CFPB will be able to weave together the functions of consumer protection and education so we have a strong foundation to improve the financial literacy of Americans. #Maryland has successfully crafted laws that protect consumers from many predatory lending practices, but many states are still working to improve these standards. I believe that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, under the leadership of Richard Cordray, will help avoid many of the issues we saw at the height of our economic meltdown – including the mortgage crisis and credit defaults. Every segment of the financial services industry can benefit from improvements to the system of regulation and oversight.      “I am especially pleased that the #Senate was able to set aside unproductive posturing and move forward on this nomination in a bipartisan manner, allowing for an up or down vote on the nomination. I hope this is the start of a long-term trend that puts the business of our nation before #partisan #gridlock.”     ###
***Cardin Statement on Zimmerman Acquittal***  "The fact that an unarmed #Trayvon Martin was killed by George #Zimmerman was never in dispute. How and why this young man was shot to death, was left for a jury to determine. Many of us may not agree with the verdict, but we should abide by the wishes of Trayvon's grieving parents and not allow our emotions to cause greater hurt and sadness for any family," said Senator Cardin.  "Now that the criminal trial has concluded, I urge the Civil Rights Division of the Department of #Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to finalize their investigations into whether young Trayvon Martin's civil rights were violated as a victim of racial profiling, as well as how local law enforcement handled this case and whether it was treated any differently because Trayvon Martin was African American. I have called for putting an end to racial profiling by law enforcement, a wasteful practice that singles out individuals based on race, ethnic origin, or religious. The African-American community and other minority communities have a right to be outraged by the fact that their young men continue to be singled out for suspicion and viewed as dangerous – even walking home from a convenience store. Profiling based on race, ethnicity, national origin or religion - by law enforcement or anyone - has no place in America. We should stop making excuses and have a frank, conversation in our neighborhoods and at a national level, about how to break down the racial barriers that continue to erode trust within and between communities." ###
“Beginning this week, hundreds of thousands of civilian defense employees in Maryland and across the country will experience furloughs as a result of Congress’s inability to compromise on a balanced, responsible agreement to reduce the deficit. In addition to the non-defense federal employees in Maryland who have already taken furlough days, over 41,000 of our constituents who work at defense installations will begin furloughs this week, and we once again urge the House to take action to replace the sequester in its entirety with a balanced alternative and end these unnecessary furloughs.     “Our civilian defense employees are talented, dedicated men and women who work alongside uniformed personnel and ensure our war-fighters have the resources and support they need while serving in Afghanistan and fulfilling their missions elsewhere in the world. Unfortunately, civilian employees at our seventeen defense installations in Maryland will see their ability to support our uniformed personnel significantly eroded as they are forced to take unpaid leave for one day each week over the next eleven weeks. Many of these hardworking civil servants expect significant financial hardship due to this unfair 20% pay cut, which will cost our state over $137 million and will impact local businesses outside of the gates of these facilities, as well. We are deeply concerned about the harm these furloughs will have on Maryland’s economy and on our nation’s military readiness.     “Congress ought to be working toward a balanced agreement to replace the sequester, end furloughs for all federal employees, and put our nation back on a fiscally sustainable path. We continue to urge our colleagues to reach such an agreement as soon as possible. For the sake of working families in Maryland, our uniformed military personnel, and the mission of our defense installations and other federal facilities, we cannot delay.”
***Cardin Statement On Russia’s Posthumous Conviction Of Sergei #Magnitsky***  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission and a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, issued the following statement in response to a #Russian court finding deceased whistleblower Sergei Magnitsky guilty of tax evasion.  Senator Cardin is the author of the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act that was signed into law in conjunction with Permanent Normal Trade Relations for Russia.     “Russia continues to do damage to itself with the shameful, posthumous conviction of whistleblower Sergei Magnitsky. Sadly, we have come to expect this sort of behavior from the Putin regime. Such a verdict does no further harm to Sergei, though it must be torturous for his family and friends. What this does is continue the downward spiral of Russia’s reputation as a law-abiding state and member of the international community. Those who are currently abusing the rights of the Russian people will one day pass into history and Sergei will be honored as a decent man, trying to do the right thing, who gave his life for a more just and free Russia. My hope for the Russian people is that such a day will come soon.”     Sergei Magnitsky was a 37-year-old Russian lawyer who uncovered massive fraud and corruption in Russia and then was arrested for his whistleblowing. He died in 2009 after suffering torturous conditions in pre-trial detention, being repeatedly denied medical treatment. Those who committed the corruption uncovered by Magnitsky and those responsible for his death have not been brought to justice. In some cases, they have been promoted since Magnitsky's death. Magnitsky currently is being tried posthumously. Since 2010, at the encouragement of Senator Cardin and his colleagues, the State Department has barred dozens of Russians implicated in Magnitsky's death from receiving travel visas.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, a member of the Senate Finance Committee and a cosponsor of the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act of 2013 (S. 1238), responded quickly to the Senate’s failure to garner sufficient votes to proceed to consider the bill.    “I am deeply disappointed that the some members of the Senate continue to play politics with student loans, putting an affordable higher education for many Americans at risk due to the higher price tag forced upon them by congressional gridlock.  I hear many of my colleagues talk about how we don't want to increase tax burdens on American families. But now we are telling our most vulnerable students and their families that they are going to have to pay more money for their student loans, and by the way, the government is going to make a profit off their education. We have got to stop this now.     “Making college more affordable is just common sense. Saddling young adults with even more debt will not help jumpstart our economy. There's more debt in student loans than there is in credit cards in America. 60% of the students must borrow money in order to afford a college education. 35% of Americans, 35 million students, are behind in their loan payments. This is an enormous problem. And on July 1, it became a more difficult burden for American students. It makes little sense to add to their already substantial college debt by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double.”     On July 1, the 3.4 percent interest rate on subsidized federal Stafford loans doubled when Congress failed to act on an extension. This rate hike will add about $1,000 of additional debt on the average student over the life of the loan. If enacted, the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act of 2013 would retroactively set the interest rate for any subsidized Stafford loan made between July 1, 2013 and June 30, 2014 at 3.4 percent. The bill is fully paid for by closing a loophole that currently allows those who inherit certain IRAs and 401(k)s to avoid paying the taxes on those accounts for many years. The bill does not create a new tax; it would simply cap the amount of time payment of taxes can be delayed at five years.       ###
Had the pleasure of talking with Joe Madison - "The Black Eagle" this morning about an exciting federal investment in Baltimore, Maryland. This is the type of win-win-win grant that will move Baltimore and the entire State forward.   The YouthBuild program is a workforce and community development program that serves youth ages 16-24. The target population for YouthBuild is high school dropouts who may be youth aging out of foster care, youth with disabilities, adjudicated youth or other at-risk youth.    YouthBuild mixes academic instruction and job training leading to the completion of a high school diploma or GED.  Participants receive an opportunity to gain industry-recognized credentials in construction trades while gaining hands-on experience in the construction industry.     Stephanie Rawlings-Blake Civic Works U.S. Department of Labor Baltimore City Community College Baltimore City Public Schools Baltimore Housing
***Statement From Senator Ben Cardin And Senator Marco Rubio On The Opening Of The Fifth Us-China Strategic And Economic Dialogue***   Washington, DC – US Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Chairman and Ranking Member, respectively, of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, issued the following statement today regarding the opening of the Fifth US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Washington:     “We welcome the Chinese delegates to the Fifth Strategic and Economic Dialogue to Washington. The relationship between the United States and China will affect the lives of much of the world’s population in the decades to come.  The Dialogue is an opportunity to pursue cooperative solutions to important bilateral, regional and global challenges while also fostering a frank and honest exchange on issues important to the American and Chinese people.     “Last week, we celebrated our country’s independence and were reminded that our founders recognized that all men and women are created with unalienable rights.  It has been a consistent theme of American foreign policy to support the Declaration of Independence’s goals of, in the words of President Lincoln, ‘spreading and deepening the influence and augmenting the happiness and value of life to all people of all colors everywhere.’     “As President Obama told President Xi during their Summit last month, history shows that upholding universal rights is ultimately a key to the success, prosperity and justice for all nations. We welcome those sentiments and call upon the Administration to continue to uphold its pledge to make human rights a primary focus of this year’s Dialogue.   While the U.S. and China engage in a separate human rights dialogue process, we believe that the importance of this issue necessitates its prominent inclusion in all senior-level U.S.-China bilateral meetings, including this Dialogue.     “Last month marked the 24th anniversary of the violent crackdown on political activists in Tiananmen Square.  Today, the Chinese people, like all of mankind, continue to express their desire to be free.  Unfortunately, the Chinese government continues to enforce policies that deny Chinese citizens their fundamental and universally accepted human rights by limiting freedoms of expression, religion and assembly, and persecuting religious and political minorities.        “In addition to broader concerns about Chinese policies that limit human freedom, we urge the Obama administration to raise specific issues such as the Chinese government’s handling of unrest in Xinjiang, its policy toward Tibet, and the treatment of human rights defenders, political prisoners and their families, including Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo.     “The People’s Republic of China has made tremendous economic strides by lifting millions of people out of poverty; however, the government’s clamp down on fundamental freedoms limits the innovation and creativity required for truly sustainable growth.     “We urge the US officials involved in this week’s Dialogue to emphasize the critical importance of progress on human rights for our bilateral relationship and for China’s continued success and prosperity.”     ###
If you missed today’s  Twitter Town Hall where we talked about student loan #debt and our solution to keeping college affordable here are some highlights. 
 
 
 Follow @SenatorCardin on Twitter to stay updated on the fight to keep student loan interest rates from doubling. #DontDooubleMyRates
Join us today at 3pm Et on Twitter to discuss what can be done to keep higer education affordable and manageable for millions of Americans .
 
 
  Follow @SenatorCardin- send in your questions, comments, concerns and stories about what this rate hike means to you. #DontDoubleMyRate
 
 
 “Making college more affordable – not less – is just common sense.  Saddling young adults with even more debt will not help jumpstart our economy and it makes little sense to add to their already substantial college debt by allowing the interest rate on student loans to double. We must stop this increase in student loan interest rates from taking effect while we work out a long-term solution to protect our students and our nation’s future,” - Ben
Health care is a right for all Americans. The Affordable Care Act brings us closer to the goal of universal coverage by extending coverage to over 30 million more Americans.  I would prefer to see implementation move forward as quickly as possible with clear and consistent guidance for all enrollees and employers. But recognizing the need for clarification of the rules, I believe the Administration is demonstrating the necessary flexibility to ensure a smooth rollout of the coverage provisions that should minimize the need to spend taxpayer resources fixing things later. While the employer responsibility requirement will only affect the small percentage of employers with more than 50 workers who do not already provide health insurance to their employees, the one-year delay is an opportunity to find a path forward that works for those employers and their employees.  - Ben
I’m proud to formally announce the winners of the Maryland My Maryland Photo Contest. I received amazing pictures from across the state showcasing our rich environmental, historical and cultural wealth.  From Deep Creek to Assateague and everywhere in between, you sent some of the most impressive scenery anywhere in the United States.   Thank you to everyone who shared a view of their Maryland with the rest of us. I extend special congratulations to the winning photographers:  •	Overall Winner- Ronald Reid- “Thomas Point Shoal Lighthouse” •	 Baltimore Central-Steve Lowther- “Baltimore Skyline from Federal Hill” •	Eastern Shore- Chris Richard – “The Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum” •	National Capital-Jackson Davis- “North Chevy Chase Elementary School Flags”  •	Western Maryland- Pamela Mesite–“Western Maryland Scenic Railroad” •	Southern Maryland- Michael E. Chernesky- “Rt. 5 Bridge over the Patuxent River”
Ben- Thoughts and prayers are with the friends and families of the 19 first-responders who gave their lives in the line of duty. It is a sobering reminder of the great risks and sacrifices our first responders endure to protect us all.
NA
This week as part of his Made In Maryland tour and to tout the Small BREW Act, Senator Cardin visited the Flying Dog BreweryBrewery .  Under current law, brewers generally pay an $18 excise tax on each barrel brewed.  Small brewers, currently defined as those that brew fewer than 2 million barrels of beer a year, pay a reduced excise tax of $7 per barrel for the first 60,000 barrels of beer they brew each year. The Cardin-Collins Small BREW Act would reduce the excise tax applicable to brewers producing up to 6 million barrels per year to just $3.50 on the first 60,000 barrels and $16 on additional barrels below 2 million per year.    “Small brewers have been anchors of local communities and America’s economy since the start of our history. In addition to making high-quality beers, Maryland craft brewers like Flying Dog, Heavy Seas and Union Craft, Ruddy Duck, Baying Hound and Evolution create jobs and reinvest their profits back into their local economies,” said Senator Cardin, a member of the Senate Finance and Small Business committees. “The federal government needs to be investing in industries that invest in America and create real jobs here at home. Companies like Flying Dog are doing it right, they make a quality product, provide good jobs to Marylanders and have deep roots in the community. With more than 2,400 small and independent breweries currently operating in the US, now is the time to take meaningful action to help them and our economy grow.”
***SENATE PASSES  #CIR***   Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) called Senate passage of the Border #Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (#S744) an important step in the effort to return balance and fairness to the U.S. #immigration system, and essential to our economic growth and security. He urges the House to work in a bipartisan manner to pass the bill and send comprehensive immigration reform to the President to sign into law. Senator Cardin looks forward to future debates on complementary legislation that will improve our immigration system further.  His recent floor statement on immigration reform and S. 744 can be viewed here and downloaded here.     “Comprehensive immigration reform is long overdue. No matter what side of this debate you are on, most of us agree that America’s immigration system is badly broken.  What we need is a balanced immigration system that is fair.     “I was pleased when we started this process that bipartisanship and a spirit of healthy compromise were guiding this legislation. But this is not the bill I would have drafted. I am disappointed at the disproportionate amount of money provided for border protection. The cost benefit of the billions of dollars added to the bill in recent days is marginal and is subject to waste, fraud, and abuse without proper oversight.     “Border protection alone will not fix all the challenges facing our immigration system.  Immigrants should come legally through a door, not over or under a fence. #Visa holders should leave when their visas expire. But balance also must cut off the demand for undocumented workers by strengthening E-Verify for employers, to make sure employers only hire those who are in this country legally. Balance must provide a tough but fair way forward that allows some 11 million individuals and their families to come out of the shadows, get legal status, and earn a pathway to #citizenship.  Balance must reduce the legal immigration backlog and promote family reunification. And balance must continue to welcome refugees and asylees to our shores who are fleeing natural disasters and persecution in their home countries.     “I wish that we would have had the opportunity to make this bill better. Hundreds of amendments were considered and adopted on this bill but many non-controversial amendments, including some of my own, were blocked by partisans seemingly to throw a wrench in what had been a collegial process. Working with civil rights groups as I did, we could have improved the prohibitions and data collection regarding ethnic and racial profiling, encouraged immigrants on the pathway to citizenship to perform community service, provided better social services for Holocaust survivors, and made it more difficult for human rights violators to enter the United States.      “Despite my disappointments, my support for this bill is solidly grounded in the fact that our current system is broken. Reforming our immigration system is in the best interests of our country and the needs of our economy for both skilled and seasonal workers.  I urge my colleagues in the House to follow the example of the Senate, to listen to each other and revive a spirit of bipartisanship by working across party lines so we can pass comprehensive immigration reform.”
Equal under the law. Out With #DOMA in with #EqualProtection. #MarriageEquality
I believe that every American should have the opportunity to fulfill their American Dream. This is only possible when the government can provide robust civil rights for all citizens. There is still much that only we in Congress can do to make sure that every American enjoys the right of equal protection under the law.
 Fifty years ago this month President Kennedy asked the nation a simple question as the fight for civil rights raged across the country,  
 “The heart of the question is whether all Americans are to be afforded equal rights and equal opportunities, whether we are going to treat our fellow Americans as we want to be treated”. 
 
 The answer then, as it is now should be a resounding yes. I hope the Supreme Court will today rule in favor of civil rights, equality and equal protection under the law.
***Floor Statement 6-25-2013***  We must take advantage of this rare opportunity to make robust changes in our broken immigration system.
***Breaking*** CARDIN RESPONDS TO SUPREME COURT DECISION HARMING VOTING RIGHTS  “American Voters Will Pay a Price for the Supreme Court’s Judicial Activism”  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) responded to the Supreme Court decision today in Shelby County v. Holder, which struck down Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act, invalidating the coverage formula that determines which jurisdictions are subject to the preclearance provisions of the Act. The Court majority has passed the issue back to Congress.   “Congress must act quickly to reverse today’s erroneous decision by the Supreme Court which overturned several important precedents in a fit of judicial activism. As much as we wish it wasn’t so, racism has not disappeared from America and there continue to be individuals and groups who would use our voting system to deliberately minimize the rights of minority voters. Congress overwhelmingly reauthorized the Voting Rights Act in 2006 after building an extensive record that made a compelling case for the continued need to protect minority voters from discrimination.  I strongly agree with Justice Ginsburg’s dissent that ‘in truth, the evolution of voting discrimination into more subtle second-generation barriers is powerful evidence that a remedy as effective as preclearance remains vital to protect minority voting rights and prevent backsliding.’”  I am deeply disappointed that the Court put voting rights in jeopardy by ignoring reality and disregarding the power of Congress to enforce the Fifteenth Amendment of the Constitution by ‘appropriate legislation.”  Senator Cardin has previously introduced legislation, the Deceptive Practices and Voter Intimidation Prevention Act, which would institute tough new criminal and civil penalties for individuals who create and distribute false and deceptive literature designed to suppress minority voters.
Met with the great Anquan Boldin to discuss his work with the good folks at Oxfam America
Ben- Had the pleasure of meeting Ben Simon of Food Recovery Network yesterday. You all are doing great work, congrats. 
Yesterday Ben Simon of the Food Recovery Network came by the office. Founded at University of Maryland, FRN is fighting hunger in America using common sense and collaboration. After seeing how much food was being wasted at universities across the country, as well as the amazing need that exists for food- the FRN found their calling. By recovering perfectly good food that would have otherwise been wasted they are providing those in need with quality meals. I’m proud that FRN was founded here in Maryland and I am proud that it has expanded to 23 other campuses. Hunger in America is a serious problem but there are many things we can all do to make sure no one goes to bed hungry.  Look at their website for more on the great working being done nationwide http://www.foodrecoverynetwork.org/about-us/our-work/
Today, we celebrate the 148th anniversary of Juneteenth, the oldest national celebration commemorating the end of slavery in the United States.  Juneteenth -- or June 19th -- is the day in 1865 when Union soldiers enforced the Emancipation Proclamation and freed all remaining slaves in Texas.    While we have closed the door on this painful chapter of our nation’s history, we cannot allow ourselves to forget.  We owe it to those who endured the brutal institution of slavery – including 100,000 people in Maryland -- and to those who dedicated their lives to ending it.    Today, our children study about Marylanders like Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass, both former slaves who became leaders in the abolition movement. As we celebrate Juneteeth, we remain committed to our nation’s ideals of liberty, equality, and justice.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, praised the continuing effort by the United States to combat AIDS in Africa and every corner of the world that AIDS touches. He joined Secretary of State John Kerry Tuesday for a commemoration of the 10th anniversary of  The U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR)     “Ten years ago, AIDS threatened the very foundation of societies in Africa– creating millions of orphans, stalling economic development and leaving countries stuck in poverty.  The good news is that thanks to the ongoing, bipartisan U.S. commitment to the Presidents Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), hope has replaced despair, life has replaced death, and productivity has replaced illness and disability. PEPFAR is the largest commitment by any nation to combat a single disease internationally, and it has saved and improved millions of lives.      “PEPFAR has bridged partisan divides and represents the best of America and our commitment to global humanitarian values. The numbers speak for themselves, and they are accelerating. Our initial goal was to provide antiretroviral treatment to 2 million people living with HIV in resource-limited settings, to prevent 7 million new HIV infections, and to provide care and support to 10 million people by 2010.  PEPFAR now directly supports nearly 5.1 million people on antiretroviral treatment, contributing to a 20 percent drop in new HIV infections globally. PEPFAR also supports antiretroviral drugs to prevent the transmission of HIV from mother to baby during birth, providing drugs to pregnant women living with HIV.  Thanks to this effort, approximately one million infants were born without HIV. More than 49 million people received testing and counseling through PEPFAR.  Research being done by Maryland institutions including the National Institutes of Health, Johns Hopkins University and the University of Maryland are making a difference globally.     “We still have challenges ahead of us. Our new goal is an HIV/AIDS-free generation. It is within our reach, but according to UNAIDS, an estimated 1.7 million people are dying annually from AIDS-related causes. Global health and development resources are being squeezed due to difficult economic times. And issues of stigma and discrimination continue to limit access to treatment and care to those in need.  The U.S. will continue to lead this global fight, but we need the commitment and leadership of partner countries, reinforced with support from donor nations, civil society, people living with HIV, faith-based organizations, the private sector, foundations and multilateral institutions. We are able to leverage the commitment of our partners through US investments in the Global Fund. We have helped improve host country health care delivery systems, and countries are now taking ownership in their responsibility to care for their people.”
January, Baltimore VA office was ranked the  slowest processing center in nation      BALTIMORE -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today received a tour and briefing by Veterans Affairs (VA) officials on the progress that has been made since January in reducing the disability claims backlog in the Baltimore Regional VA office.     In January, Senators Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski demanded that the VA institute an immediate action plan to address the more than 20,000 pending claims.  The average wait for claims to be processed in Baltimore had been almost one year.  The VA has stated that its goal is to ensure that disability claims are fully processed within 125 days by 2015.     In the briefing today by VA officials on the backlog of cases, Senator Cardin was told that in February there had been a backlog of 17,000 cases that were more than 125 days old and that by June the backlog had been reduced to 11,000 cases.  In May, the Baltimore Regional VA Office processed more than 3,200 cases.     “I am pleased that progress has made in reducing the backlog and that there is a pathway to improvement, but I am not happy that there is any backlog at all,” said Senator Cardin.  “I will continue to monitor the situation to make sure that we are devoting the resources that are necessary to ensure prompt processing of disability claims and that there is adequate staffing in place to ensure the timely decisions on claims.”     “Over the past several months, the Baltimore Regional Office and its partners have renewed efforts to provide faster and more accurate decisions to Maryland’s Veterans.  In pursuit of Veterans Benefits Administration’s Transformation Plan, the Baltimore VA has enhanced claims processing through implementation of the new organizational model and deployment of paperless claims processing in the Veterans Benefits Management System. This has resulted in significant reductions in the backlog of pending claims in the Baltimore VA.  VA appreciates the continued support, partnership and leadership of the entire Maryland congressional delegation and we look forward to continuing our work together serving Maryland’s Veterans,” said Michael Scheibel, Director of VA Baltimore Regional Office.     The Baltimore Regional Office serves 484,013 veterans living in the State of Maryland, 2 percent of the national veteran population. The Regional Office's jurisdiction includes all counties in the State of Maryland. The Baltimore Regional Office has an assigned staffing of 218. They provide services at the VA Medical Center in Baltimore and Transition Assistance throughout the State.     Nationally, more than 900,000 veterans wait an average of nine months for their disability claim to be process. Over the last two years, there has been an increase in the wait for an initial decision from 166 days to 262 days for veterans across the United States.
In 1777, the Second Continental Congress honored the 13 original States by establishing our nation’s flag with the design comprised of 13 stars and 13 alternating red and white stripes. Since our nation's founding, the Stars and Strips have come to symbolize America's strength, unity, and liberty.  
 Maryland has a special place in our nation’s history because it is the birthplace of our nation’s flag and Pause for the Pledge originated in Baltimore in 1980. Five years later, President Reagan signed a law recognizing Pause for the Pledge as part of the National Flag Day ceremonies.  Now, every June 14th at 7 p.m., Americans across the country pause to recite the Pledge of Allegiance.  
 As we celebrate Flag Day and National Flag Week, we honor our nation’s rich history and traditions and pay special tribute to all that our flag represents, including the principles of justice, equality and liberty.  Flag Day and Pause for the Pledge gives us an opportunity to reflect on these core beliefs and to celebrate the ideals that the symbol of our nation represents to all Americans and to people around the world.   
 During Flag Day and National Flag Week, we also honor the men and women who are members of our Armed Forces, and who are called upon to carry our flag into battle.  We can never forget their dedication and sacrifice to keep us safe. By flying the flag, we thank them for their service and reaffirm our commitment to keep America strong and free.
Great work
U.S. Helsinki Commission  ***LIVE WEBCAST: U.S. HELSINKI COMMISSION TO HOLD HEARING ON SYRIAN REFUGEES 2:00 p.m.***  This hearing will focus on the more than 1.6 million Syrian civilians who have fled the ongoing violence in their country, their impact on the countries that are hosting them, and international efforts to support these refugees as well as the more than 5 million Syrians who are displaced in their own country. The countries that have opened their borders, and in many cases their homes, to the Syrian refugees include Turkey, The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe participating State, Jordan an OSCE Mediterranean Partner Country, and Lebanon, a country that has been historically engaged in the OSCE process. OSCE Partner, Egypt, and Iraq have been impacted by this crisis as well.   The United National High Commissioner for Refugees( UNHCR ) estimates that by the end of 2013 there will be one million refugees each in Turkey, Jordan and Lebanon.  After more than two years, a resolution to the conflict remains elusive and the suffering of the Syrian people continues unabated. The hearing will examine the U.S. and international response to this unprecedented and expanding humanitarian crisis that threatens to destabilize the entire region.    The following witnesses are scheduled to testify:  Anne C. Richard, Assistant Secretary for Population, Refugees and Migration,  U.S. Department of State  Michel Gabaudan, President,  Refugees International  Jana Mason, Senior Advisor for Government Relations, UNHCR Washington Regional Office  Yassar Bittar, Government Relations and Advocacy Associate,  Coalition for a Democratic Syria - CDS  التحالف من أجل سورية ديمقراطية  The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Susan Collins (R-ME) today introduced bipartisan legislation (S. 1141) that would create jobs across the nation by encouraging the restoration of historic buildings into useful economic properties. Projects that receive Historic Tax Credits under the Creating American Prosperity Through Preservation (CAPP) Act help revitalize communities, encourage private investment and create safer, more secure neighborhoods. The bill is being cosponsored by Senators Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and Debbie Stabenow (D-MI).     “We can create jobs by preserving the abundant history that reaches to every corner of Maryland and across America. Extending the Historic Tax Credit will save many historically significant buildings and homes in Maryland and elsewhere while creating quality jobs, stimulating long-term economic development and bringing life to forgotten neighborhoods,” said Senator Cardin, a member of the Senate Finance Committee.  “The Historic Tax Credit has created some 2 million jobs nationwide since 1978 and by expanding the program to include energy-efficient improvements and additional restoration projects, we can create thousands of jobs renovating historic properties and working in many of the restored, modernized buildings.”     Congress created historic preservation tax benefits in 1976 to encourage voluntary, private-sector investment in preserving historic buildings. The program is jointly managed by the National Park Service (NPS) and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), in partnership with State Historic Preservation Offices.     “The National Trust for Historic Preservation supports the CAPP Act, for its power to protect our heritage, fuel our economy and create jobs,” said Stephanie Meeks, president of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. “This bipartisan legislation will make the historic tax credit easier to use, and expand its impact on Main Street and in economically disadvantaged areas.  We urge the Senate to follow the leadership of Senators Cardin and Collins by cosponsoring this important bill.”        Since their creation, these tax incentives have leveraged more than $106 billion of private-sector investment ($5 of private investment for every $1 of HTC) to preserve and rehabilitate more than 38,000 historic properties, including the creation of over 185,000 housing units, of which more than 75,000 are low and moderate-income units.  According to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, since 2002, more than 75 percent of all HTC projects have been located in neighborhoods with family incomes below 80 percent of the area media. Historic preservation programs have created more than 2.35 million jobs nationwide since 1978 (57,783 new jobs in FY12).      In Maryland, $234 million in federal historic tax credits have leveraged $1.4 billion in rehabilitation expenditures on 370 projects since 2001. They have created more than 19,000 jobs from 2001 to 2012. Some of these projects include:       American Brewery   Building in Baltimore, a $24 million development that received $5.3 million in HTC and New Market Tax Credit.  The rehabilitation of the building created 157 construction jobs and 175 permanent jobs.    CASA de Maryland   Hyattsville, which received $1.4 million in federal HTC equity (total funding cost of $10 million).   Tidewater Inn , located in Easton, received nearly $1.2 million in federal HTC funding to leverage renovations totaling more than $5.9 million.  Francis Scott Key Hotel Frederick was refurbished as affordable housing utilizing $1.67 million in federal HTC funds ($8.35 million total project cost)  ·         Klotz Throwing Company Mill in Cumberland, once the last silk mill remaining in the U.S., is being redeveloped as affordable housing with the help of $1.5 million in federal HTC funding. ($7.5 million total project cost)     The Creating American Prosperity Through Preservation (CAPP) Act (S. 1141) would:    ·         Help smaller projects by increasing the credit from 20 percent to 30 percent for projects with $5 million or less in Qualified Rehabilitation Expenditures.  The increase in the credit amount will aid the financing for rehabilitation of small buildings and buildings in rural areas.  ·         Index the date for the 10 percent credit for non-historic older buildings so more are eligible for rehabilitation.  ·         Support the 30 states that have enacted state historic tax credits by encouraging the development of historic properties. The bill would eliminate federal taxation of the proceeds of state credits transferred through partnerships and sold as state tax certificates.  ·         Promote energy-efficiency and operating cost-savings by encouraging developers to use energy-efficient technology.  ·         Facilitate the reuse of older buildings by nonprofits, creating projects with high community benefit, while also stimulating on-going job and economic growth in low-income, underserved areas.
Exerpt from today's Senate Finance hearing  re: Sex Trafficking and Exploitation in America: Child Welfare's Role in Prevention and Intervention with Baltimore witnesses from  FAIR Girls    Human trafficking is a menace no one should endure. We often think of this issue as one that occurs in faraway nations but too often it happens here in the United States. We can do much more to help end sex trafficking here and overseas. No victim of human trafficking should ever be defined by that experience.  By empowering victims and caring for them, we can help them move beyond the past, and embrace a more hopeful future.
Ben- I was proud to attend the dedication of the Flora M. Singer Elementary School in Silver Spring last night with Chris Van Hollen.
Washington, DC – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and John @Boozman (R-AR), have taken the lead on sending a bipartisan letter to President Obama urging his Administration to make a strong commitment to tackling malnutrition at the June 8, 2013 Nutrition for Growth Summit.     “Too many children in the U.S. and around the world go to bed without knowing where or when their next meal may come. Nutrition is vital to cognitive development and individual’ productivity within societies and the U.S. must continue to leverage its global leadership on nutrition and food security,” said Senator Cardin.  “Malnutrition accounts for one-third of all child deaths and is something that is simply and cheaply prevented. It is in our national security and economic security to work to ensure this happens.”     “We have the safest, most reliable and affordable food supply in the world, but hunger has no boundaries. Unfortunately there are children in our country who go to bed hungry every night. The same stories play out all over the globe.  Investments in nutrition that focus on the first thousand days, from pregnancy to age two, not only saves lives, but also contribute directly to other development outcomes, including improved economic growth. Taking steps to address malnutrition and food security will make a real impact in the future success of these children,” Senator Boozman said.     In addition to Senators Cardin and Boozman, the letter signed by Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Tim Kaine (D-VA), Sherrod Brown (D-OH), Thad Cochran (R-MS), Susan Collins (R-ME), Dick Durbin (D-IL), Diane Feinstein (D-CA), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Carl Levin (D-MI), Barbara A. Mikulski (D-MD), Patty Murray (D-WA), Roger Wicker (R-MS), Ron Wyden (D-OR), and Marco Rubio (R-FL) asks the President to use this G8 opportunity to leverage U.S. leadership on nutrition and food security.     The full text of the letter can be found here:     President Barack Obama  The White House  1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW  Washington, DC 20500     Dear President Obama:     As members of Congress committed to reducing hunger, advancing food security and improving global health, we urge your administration to maintain the strong U.S. commitment at the Nutrition for Growth summit being convened by the UK Government on June 8, 2013 in London.  This event presents a key opportunity for the U.S. to continue to demonstrate its leadership on nutrition.     Malnutrition remains one of the world’s most pressing but preventable problems.  Globally, nearly 200 million children are chronically malnourished and suffer from serious, often irreversible, physical and cognitive damage.  For 2.5 million young children every year, malnutrition is a death sentence.     While the human and economic costs of under-nutrition are enormous, the solutions are basic, proven, and cost-effective.  Nutrition programs – especially those that target women and children during the critical 1,000 day window from pregnancy to age two – offer one of the best returns on investment.  Every $1 invested in nutrition generates as much as $138 in better health and increased productivity. In contrast, malnutrition can cost individuals up to 10 percent of their lifetime earnings and countries up to 11 percent of their annual GDP in lost productivity.     We capitalize on other international development investments when we address nutrition.  An undernourished child has a diminished capacity to learn and work, therefore, malnourishment puts at risk the potential for continued progress in education, health, and economic growth around the world.     On June 8th, global leaders – from donor and developing countries, foundations, civil society and the private sector – will gather at the Nutrition for Growth summit in advance of the G8 Summit to commit to tackling malnutrition.  This is a unique opportunity to leverage U.S. leadership on these issues and we urge your administration to seize this opportunity by:     1.      Pledging support for plans in poor countries to strengthen and expand nutrition interventions;  2.      Developing a whole-of-government nutrition strategy to coordinate and align U.S. nutrition efforts; and  3.      Committing to transparency and accountability by reporting and tracking U.S. investments in nutrition across programs and accounts.     The U.S. has a strong, bipartisan history of supporting international nutrition and food security efforts. Such interventions strengthen our national security and the security of our allies. We urge you to make the most of this opportunity by continuing the tradition of U.S. leadership to fight malnutrition.     Sincerely,     Benjamin L. Cardin  John Boozman  Richard Blumenthal  Tim Kaine  Sherrod Brown  Thad Cochran  Susan Collins  Dick Durbin  Diane Feinstein  Kirsten Gillibrand  Johnny Isakson  Carl Levin  Barbara A. Mikulski  Patty Murray  Roger Wicker  Ron Wyden  Marco Rubio        CC:  The Honorable John Kerry, Secretary of State  The Honorable Rajiv Shah, USAID Administrator  The Honorable Tom Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture
On this the 69th anniversary of the Invasion of Normandy, we pause to honor the D-Day veterans in Maryland --and the millions of veterans across the country. Our thoughts and prayers are with those who are currently deployed all over the world.  We pray for their safe return home, and we are committed to providing them with the resources and benefits that they have earned and deserve.
Stay up to date on current events, know where Ben stands on the issues and gain access to constituent services. Our website is a helpful tool for Marylanders looking to stay connected to their representation in Congress.  Check in daily for press releases, statements, photos and much more . 
 
 
 http://www.cardin.senate.gov/
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee (SFRC) has written to President Barack Obama in advance of the President’s meetings June 7-8 in California with President Xi Jinping of China. Senator Cardin visited Beijing, as well as Seoul and Tokyo, during the Memorial Day work period for his first trip to Asia as Chairman of the SFRC Subcommittee on East Asia and the Pacific.
 
  
 
 “I am pleased to see that you and President Xi have committed to building a positive bilateral relationship, which will allow the United States and China to pursue cooperative solutions to regional and global challenges,” Senator Cardin wrote.  “The United States and China are well poised to work together on global climate change and environmental issues…; to promote positive progress on North Korea denuclearization; and to ensure robust implementation of sanctions against Iran.”
 
  
 
 Senator Cardin noted the June 4th anniversary of the violent crackdown on political dissidents at Tiananmen Square and encouraged dialogue on China’s respect for universally accepted human rights norms.  Senator Cardin said: “I am hopeful that your summit with President Xi will usher in a new era of U.S.-China engagement and cooperation, while also fostering constructive and honest dialogue on human rights and civil liberties issues.” The Senator urged President Obama to “encourage President Xi to make meaningful progress on his proposed reforms, and to take further steps to abolish China’s most egregious policies.”
 
 
 
 alturl.com/zfw7d
Our Superbowl Champion  Baltimore Ravens at the The White House with President Barack Obama . 92 days until Ravens Nation mobilizes again to defend that trophy!
Our world is cleaner and  public health is safer today because of Sen. Lautenberg. We lost an irreplaceable champion of the environment. He will be dearly missed.
 
 
 
  League of Conservation Voters
“Frank Lautenberg lived the American Dream. The child of immigrant parents, he built a successful business from the ground up and gave back to his community through public service. He has left a legacy of hard work and the determination to improve the lives of millions of Americans, including veterans like himself, children, women and families in New Jersey and across the country. I cherished my friendship with Frank and know just how much he will be missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Bonnie and his family that he loved dearly, and the people of New Jersey who he represented with pride.  “The nation also has lost a true champion of the environment. For decades, Frank Lautenberg fought tirelessly for decades to keep toxic chemicals out of our communities, to ensure that our water is safe for drinking and our beaches are safe for swimming, and to protect our citizens from the threat of climate change. Our world is cleaner, and our public health safer today, because of his efforts.  I have had the honor to work side-by-side with him on the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, where his skill and dedication were an inspiration to all of us.  I will miss his brave voice and his principled example.”
The Maryland My Maryland contest ends TODAY at 5pm. If you have photos or other visual this is your chance to share them with your fellow Marylanders. There's so much beauty and history in Maryland we hope you'll participate! 
 
 
 http://alturl.com/ixfgd
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski(both D-Md.) today announced $1.24 million in federal grants through U.S. Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to provide permanent homes for homeless veterans in Maryland. The Housing Authority of Baltimore City will receive $744,586, Housing Opportunity Commission of Montgomery County will receive $196,835 and Housing Authority of Prince George’s County will receive $301,182.
  
 
 “The men and women who have served in our nation’s military have made enormous sacrifices in defense of our democracy and freedoms,” said Senator Cardin. “Now it is our turn to provide them with the support they need, and that includes making sure they have a place they can call home.  We need to do all we can to thank them for their service by easing the transition from military to civilian life.”
 
 “I believe our support for our military in the field must be matched by support for our veterans at home,” Senator Mikulski said. “Promises made to veterans must be promises kept. These federal dollars will help our vets find homes. The nation owes a debt of gratitude to our men and women in uniform, these grants will show that gratitude not just with words, but with deeds.”
 The supportive housing assistance is provided through the HUD – Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) Program, which combines rental assistance from HUD with case management and clinical services provided by VA. Since 2008, a total of 48,385 vouchers have been awarded and 42,557 formerly homeless veterans are currently in homes because of HUD-VASH. 
 
  
 HUD-VASH is a critical part of the Obama Administration’s commitment to end Veteran and long-term chronic homelessness in 2015.  Opening Doors: Federal Strategic Plan to Prevent and End Homelessness serves as a roadmap for how the federal government will work with state and local communities to confront the root causes of homelessness, especially among former servicemen and women. HUD’s annual “point in time” estimate of the number of homeless persons and families for 2012 found that Veteran homelessness fell by 7.2 percent (or 4,876 people) since January 2011 and by 17.2 percent since January 2009.  On a single night in January 2012, 62,619 veterans were homeless.
 
  
 
 The grants announced today are part of $75 million appropriated this year to support the housing needs of homeless veterans.  Local public housing authorities provide rental assistance to homeless Veterans while nearby VA Medical Centers (VAMC) offer supportive services and case management.  This is the first round of the 2013 HUD-VASH funding.  HUD expects to announce more HUD-VASH funding this summer.
 
  
 
 VAMCs work closely with homeless Veterans then refer them to public housing agencies for these vouchers, based upon a variety of factors, most importantly the duration of the homelessness and the need for longer term more intensive support to obtain and maintain permanent housing.  The HUD-VASH program includes both the rental assistance the voucher provides and the comprehensive case management that VAMC staff provides.
 
  
 
 Veterans participating in the HUD-VASH program rent privately owned housing and generally contribute no more than 30 percent of their income toward rent.  VA offers eligible homeless Veterans clinical and supportive services through its medical centers across the U.S., Guam and Puerto Rico. 
 
 
 U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski
We're the best state with the best cuisine! Take a second to vote for Maryland crab-cakes in  CQ Roll Call's Taste of America. Voting for Round 3 ends May 24th at 12:00 P.M.  Maryland
I had a great time over on the House side preparing USO care packages for our troops. What a great experience offered by a great organization.
*****Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife, will hold a hearing to gain a national perspective on the effectiveness of nutrient trading as a water quality improvement approach.  The Committee will examine ongoing nutrient trading programs and explore the standards needed for effective and environmentally sound nutrient trading programs.    Panel I:  •	Mr. Michael H. Shapiro, Deputy Assistant Administrator for the Office of Water,  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  Panel II:  •	Dr. Beth McGee, Senior Water Quality Scientist, Chesapeake Bay Foundation  •	Mr. George Hawkins, General Manager, DC Water   •	Dr. Marty Matlock, Professor, Department of Biological and Agricultural Engineering, Area Director, Center for Agricultural and Rural Sustainability, University of Arkansas  •	Ms. Susan Bodine, Partner, Barnes & Thornburg LLP
Hyattsville, MD – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) met today with community leaders from across Prince George’s and Montgomery counties in Maryland for a roundtable on immigration reform. Hosted by CASA de Maryland, the roundtable discussion provided an opportunity for Senator Cardin to hear from key stakeholders in the immigration debate and to share the latest proposals coming from Washington. The event follows the first week of deliberation by the Senate Judiciary Committee of comprehensive immigration reform legislation (S. 744). It also comes just days after a group in the House of Representatives announced that they had reached a bipartisan agreement on immigration reform. 
 
 “We need to seize this unprecedented opportunity to pass real, bipartisan immigration reform. We cannot do this in pieces; it must be a comprehensive effort that allows for a fair pathway to citizenship for the approximately 11 million undocumented immigrants now living in the United States. 
 
 “Now that the Senate is moving forward on a bipartisan plan and Members of the House of Representatives have developed a bipartisan plan, there is real hope that we can achieve reforms that would strengthen border security, create a fair legalization program, and create a workable system to ensure that employers only hire legal workers in the future. We also should not forget that immigration reform also is about keeping families together and ensuring that immigration laws are respected.”
 
 Maryland has an estimated 275,000 undocumented immigrants, accounting for 4.6 percent of the state’s population and 6.2 percent of the labor force, according to a 2010 estimate by the Pew Research Hispanic Center. Senator Cardin has spoken out in support of comprehensive reform legislation that will ensure our borders are secure and develop a process that will give millions of undocumented immigrants an opportunity to emerge from the shadows and find a path toward citizenship if they want to stay in this country.
 
 CASA of Maryland is a community organization that was founded in 1985 by Central American refugees and North Americans.  CASA's primary mission is to work with the community to improve the quality of life and fight for equal treatment and full access to resources and opportunities for low-income Latinos and their families. CASA also works with other low-income immigrant communities and organizations, makes its programs and activities available to them, and advocates for social, political, and economic justice for all low-income communities.
Dear Friends :  I’m proud to be a Marylander and I take every opportunity to show off the greatness of our state. Maryland’s been called “America in miniature” for good reason.  I think it’s our proud history, rich culture, and scenic vistas make this state truly unique. I invite you to help me showcase the beauty of Maryland.  Please send me your original photography or other visual works to Photos@cardin.senate.gov. One image will be selected as the featured background on my Facebook page. Runners-up will be featured on my homepage: cardin.senate.gov.    You may submit more than one image, but please send just one image per email submission. In addition to your photo, please include: 1. Your name 2. Where you live (Maryland County, City/Town) 3. The location of the photo (Include which region of the state Western, Baltimore/Central, National Capital Region, Southern, Eastern Shore) 4. Brief  description of submission (No more than 100 words) Submissions are due 5pm ET May 31. Winners will be announced on or about June 5. One image from each region will be selected as background on my homepage (cardin.senate.gov). From the top five regional submissions, one overall winner will be chosen to be my Facebook cover photo. Space permitting, all submissions will be displayed on my Facebook and Flickr.  I look forward to seeing great submissions.   Ben  PLEASE NOTE: Copyrighted material is not eligible.
Blue Alert is an essential tool that our law enforcement officers, need and deserve.
Moments ago the Senate rejected an amendment that would have seriously and critically weakened standing provisions of the Clean Water Act that protect our access to clean water. This was a win for the Chesapeake Bay and the people of Maryland. Pollution doesn’t stop at state borders-- we need to act responsibility and legislate responsibly on the local, state and federal levels to ensure our sustained physical and economic health.
Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for the Dundalk Veteran Center. The center will provide a broad range of services including counseling, outreach and referral services to eligible veterans to help with readjustment to civilian life. Centers like this are where the rubber meets the road as far as providing valuable care to our veterans. Veterans will be treated in their community by the community- in a cutting edge facility. Our vets have earned this care and we look forward to more opportunities to address veterans issues on a local, statewide, and federal level.
In honor of National Police Week, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) toured the new Rockville City Police Station today and urged the passage of a national Blue Alert System. Senator Cardin was joined in Rockville by Mayor Phyllis Marcuccio, Rockville Police Chief Terry Treschuk, Montgomery County Executive Ike Leggett, and Captain James DeWees, who is the Washington-Metro Troop Commander for the Maryland State Police.    Based on the success of the Amber Alerts for missing children and Silver Alerts for missing seniors, The National Blue Alert Act of 2013 (S. 357) would create a nationwide system that would be used to disseminate critical information to law enforcement agencies, the public and the media to help apprehend violent criminals who have injured or killed police officers.  According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), 72 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in 2011. Tens of thousands of law enforcement officers are assaulted every year, and many sustain serious injuries as a result of the attack.    “During this National Police Week, we acknowledge the valor and sacrifice of those brave men and women who officers put their lives on the line every day to protect Marylanders and citizens nationwide. We thank them for making us and our communities safer,” Senator Cardin said. “I am proud that Maryland has been a leader in the use of the Blue Alert System. It works. We now need to expand this valuable tool put in place a national alert system that will ensure the speedy apprehension of violent criminals. Our public service officers go above and beyond to protect our communities, and in return, we need to go above and beyond for them.”  The National Blue Alert Act of 2013 (S. 357) has been endorsed by the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the Concerns of Police Survivors, and the Sergeants Benevolent Association of the New York City Police Department. During the 112th Congress, similar legislation passed the House of Representatives 394-1 and also was passed by the Senate Judiciary Committee. The National Blue Alert Act of 2013 currently has 13 cosponsors including Senators  Lindsey Graham (R-SC),  Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Richard Durbin (D-IL), Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Amy Klobuchar (D-MN), Senate Judiciary Chairman Senator Patrick Leahy(D-VT), Sherrod Brown (D-OH), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Chris Coons (D-DE), Jeff Merkley (D-OR).
Not one single Republican showed up for today’s scheduled EPW  committee markup. This is very sad.  This is obstructionism, pure and simple. It has nothing to do with Gina McCarthy. It has nothing to do with the answers she supplied this committee. It is Republican obstructionism.   She has answered over 1000 questions, which is unprecedented. The maximum number before was in the three hundreds. When Lisa Jackson was confirmed, there were about 100 questions asked.    This has been a pattern on the Republican side of the aisle with obstructing President Obama’s nominations. Yesterday we saw, in one of our committees, a technical rule used to block the vote for Tom Perez to be Secretary of Labor.  This is a pattern of blocking confirmation votes for President Obama’s nominees for key cabinet positions. This is wrong.
Gene M. Kirchner, a Baltimore County volunteer firefighter died in the line of duty while attempting to save lives. . Gene was posthumously awarded the Fire Department’s Medal of Honor because he embodied what we as a nation come to look for in our first responders -- courage, bravery and dedication to duty. I want to thank his family for giving our community such a special young man.
Nurses are on the front lines of healthcare in the United States. In our schools, hospitals, homes and almost everywhere else, nurses work every day and every night to provide Americans with top quality healthcare. In their all their diverse roles- nurses are pivotal in keeping America healthy in every sense of the word. Their dedication, compassion and talents deserve our deepest thanks. During this #NursesWeek and every week we should be thankful and proud of America’s nurses.   Many Thanks,
Ukraine’s Leadership of the OSCE- Chaired by Senator Cardin Wednesday, May 8, 2013  2:00 pm    Scheduled to testify: His Excellency Leonid Kozhara, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine and Chair-in-Office of the OSCE Ukraine’s Foreign Minister, Leonid Kozhara, will testify before the U.S. Helsinki Commission in his capacity as Chairman-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The hearing takes place one-third of the way through Ukraine’s 2013 chairmanship of the 57-country OSCE, an organization based in Vienna Austria, and best known for its work in promoting democracy, human rights and the rule of law. Minister Kozhara is expected to discuss the Chairmanship’s priorities and provide insights regarding the ongoing work of the OSCE. Ukraine’s Chairmanship faces formidable tasks in leading an organization that operates on the basis of consensus and includes countries ranging from democracies to dictatorships.  The Ukrainian Chairmanship’s priorities include finding new ways to address protracted regional conflicts, energy security, and human dimension issues such as human trafficking, media freedom, tolerance, democratic elections and efforts to improve implementation of commitments regarding fundamental human rights and freedoms.   OSCE Parliamentary Assembly                                                                              ### Hearing will be streamed live here at 2PM EST http://www.senate.gov/isvp/?type=live&comm=srs&filename=csce050813
My grandparents settled in Baltimore and made sure that their children received the best education – by enrolling them in the Baltimore City Public Schools.  My mother became a school teacher and my father became a lawyer and a judge.  I am a product of the Baltimore City public schools.  I owe so much to those years – including meeting my future wife in elementary school!  My wife, Myrna, went on to become a Baltimore County Public Schools teacher.    My favorite teacher was Ms. Eddie Brown at Garrison Jr. High. She taught English and made me see the deep and abiding importance of education at a young age.   So I, a grandchild of immigrants and a product of public schools, now serve in the United States Senate. Much of what I have achieved and in fact --what we all achieve is thanks in part to educators who invest themselves in their students. Teachers understand that the reward for hard work is often more hard work, and for that I thank them. Take a minute today to mention an educator who impacted you. #NationalTeacherDay
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today issued the following statement after the Maryland Chapter of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in Americavisited his state office to thank him for his support of gun control legislation.  “Last month the Senate failed to pass, bipartisan, commonsense gun control that 90% of Americans favored. Today, I met with members of the Maryland Chapter of Moms Demand Action on Gun Sense in America. I stand with them in continuing to call for passage of gun control legislation that will save lives. I told the mothers who visited my state office today that I will continue to support background checks, a ban on military style assault weapons and high capacity magazines as well as regulations designed to stop interstate gun trafficking and increase access to mental health services.  “I also want to thank Moms Demand Action for their passionate, common sense advocacy and for putting a face on an issue that claims many thousands of American lives each year. As lawmakers, we cannot stand idle after each tragedy, failing to take action. We know that we won’t be able to stop every tragedy, but we absolutely can save lives.”  http://alturl.com/g2r7j
NA
The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe( U.S. Helsinki Commission), Chaired by Senator Cardin   Democracy in Albania: the Pace of Progress  Monday, May 6, 2013  3:00 p.m.  Prior to 1991, Albania was ruled by one of the communist world’s most repressive regimes and was the only country in Europe refusing to participate in the Helsinki process.  In the two decades since, the country made enormous strides to become a democratic state where human rights are respected and to become an active participant in European affairs, including as a member of   North Atlantic Treaty Organization since 2009.   Despite this progress, Albania continues to struggle in building its democratic institutions and practices, including respect for the rule of law.  As Albania prepares for parliamentary elections in June, this hearing hopes to assess the degree to which progress has begun to fall short of expectations at home and abroad, and what can be done to accelerate the pace of further reforms related to good governance.  The following witnesses are scheduled to testify:  Philip T. Reeker, Deputy Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs, U.S. Department of State  Gilbert Galanxhi, Ambassador of Albania to the United States of America  Elez Biberaj, Director, Eurasia Division, Voice of America  Besa Shahini, Senior Analyst, European Stability Initiative  **Streaming will be available 3pm EST**  http://www.senate.gov/isvp?type=live&comm=srs&filename=csce050613
NA
NA
Stopped by FLIR Systems (GS) with Ken Ulman today.  In 2008, FLIR Systems (GS) only had 3 employees in Elkridge and annual sales of $130K.  Now they have close to 100 employees and had sales last year of over $40M.    They employ engineers, scientists, program management professionals, contract professionals and skilled production workers.  They provide exactly the kinds of highly-skilled, STEM-based jobs that we love to see here in Maryland.    They work they do keep us safe at home and abroad, Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured in large part due to FLIR surveillance technology.  They are #MadeInMD
Ben- Stopped by Walter Reed in Bethesda to see some of the tools our wounded warriors are being given during rehab. We ask so much of our men and women in uniform it is critical that they have access to the best support structure when they return and while deployed.
Maryland manufacturing is thriving and I want to do all I can to help make it even stronger. ‘Made in Maryland’ is my way to highlight the diverse products being produced in our great state, adding to the growth of our state’s economy. My tour and conversations with employees at the Paul Reed Smith Guitar Factory, as well as the roundtable discussion with Eastern Shore Economic Development officials, have given me great insights into what is working and what the challenges are for businesses on the Eastern Shore. I plan to take their ideas back to Washington so the federal government can better assist them in growing our economy.    The Paul Reed Smith (PRS) Electric Guitars  Factory makes high-end guitars favored by some of the most prominent musicians in the world, including guitar great Carlos Santana.  The company was founded in 1985 and today employs 230 workers with revenues of $24 million.
Just Joined MyMaryland.net. Looking forward to hearing from everyone, suggestions, questions and comments are always welcome.
“Sequestration says every priority in government is the same. That is just wrong.”   Washington, DC -- U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, took to the floor of the United States Senate this week to continue his call for a replacement of what he calls “mindless across-the-board” sequestration cuts.  He believes we should replace the entire sequester with smarter cuts so we aren’t forced to choose between helping air travelers, children in Head Start, or life-saving research at NIH.  “I have never supported sequestration. I always thought that was a big mistake. These are across-the-board mindless cuts that say every priority in government is identical to the other. That's not the case. They also are not directed where we really need them to reduce the deficit. This is having very damaging impact on the economy of this country.  Our federal work force and the Americans they serve every day deserve more.  “If you had a problem with your family budget and you had to reduce some spending and you had money set aside for your mortgage or rent payment, your family food budget and maybe some money for a weekend trip, you wouldn't cut every category identically. You may give up that weekend trip in order to save the roof over your family's home or put food on table. Sequestration says every priority in government is the same. That is just wrong. And that's why I have said from the beginning, let's replace sequestration.  “It's time for us to take action to do what we were supposed to do: make the tough decisions. Let us consider a way to avoid these mindless across-the-board cuts and substitute it for sensible reductions that we know will not have the same type of unintended consequences on services that are vitally important to our economy and to the people of this country.  We have savings in the Overseas Contingency Accounts for the Department of Defense and we know we can find savings in tax expenditures -- we spend $1.2 trillion a year in tax expenditures.  We have to look at a broader level than just these discretionary spending accounts that are particularly devastated by these sequestration cuts.  I would urge the Senate to find a way that we can replace sequestration for this current fiscal year with more responsible budget savings and then working through the appropriate committees for FY14.”  ###
***Watch LIVE TODAY/Thursday, April 25 at 2:00PM***  U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), Chairman of the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee will convene a hearing to examine the objectives of the defense and security elements of the Administration’s “Rebalance to Asia” strategy.  In advance of the Shangri-La dialogue May 31-June 2, the subcommittee will review plans for bilateral and multilateral cooperation, assess our strategy to strengthen alliances and deepen partnerships with emerging powers, and evaluate military-to-military relationships in the EAP region as a as means to securing democracy and rule of law.  Rebalance To Asia II: Security And Defense: Cooperation And Challenges, will be the second in a series of hearings examining different elements of the Administration’s “Rebalance to Asia” policy, which realigns U.S. diplomatic, economic, and military resources toward the Asia Pacific Region to help create a regional set of norms that lead to greater peace, stability and economic growth in Asia.   Witnesses Include: The Honorable Joseph Y. Yun Acting Assistant Secretary  Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs U.S. Department of State  The Honorable David F. Helvey Deputy Assistant Secretary for Defense for East Asia Office of Security and Department of Defense (DOD)  Dr. Janine Davidson Senior Fellow  @CenterforaNewAmericanSecurity  Dr. Michael J. Green Senior Vice President for Asia and Japan Chair @CenterforStrategicandInternationalStudies
Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, met at the U.S. Capitol with the family of the late Sergei Magnitsky who died in a Russian prison. Natalya Magnitskaya (mother of Sergei Magnitsky), Natasha Magnitskaya (widow of Sergei Magnitsky) and Nikita Magnitsky (son of Sergei Magnitsky) are visiting the U.S. for the first time just one week after the Administration released the first list of sanctioned individuals required under the provisions of the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, which was authored by Senator Cardin.  “We applaud the courage of the Magnitsky family. Their son, husband and father exercised tremendous courage in doing what we hope that any citizen would do: As a young lawyer who discovered corruption, he reported it to local authorities. But as a result of doing the right thing, Sergei Magnitsky was arrested.  He was tortured. He was denied medical care and he died in a Russian prison.  “Sergei Magnitsky is an inspiration for human rights advocates around the world. He offers a legacy of courage and that people will in fact stand up for basic human rights,” Senator Cardin added.  “The work that the Magnitsky family is doing today -- being the face of this issue -- is so important. They personalize this human rights issue and help the international community understand that what happened in Russia cannot go unpunished.  “We now have a public list. If Russia would prosecute legitimate criminals who have committed these human rights violations, instead of wasting their time prosecuting a dead man who simply wanted to do the right thing, this list would not be necessary.  “It is our intention that this is an international standard. Those who violate human rights around the world are put on notice that they can no longer seek legitimacy and refuge when their home country fails to follow internationally recognized standards and the rule of law.”  Sergei Magnitsky was a 37-year-old Russian lawyer who uncovered massive fraud and corruption in Russia and then was arrested for his whistleblowing. He died in 2009 after suffering torturous conditions in pre-trial detention, being repeatedly denied medical treatment. Those who committed the corruption uncovered by Magnitsky and those responsible for his death have not been brought to justice. In some cases, they have been promoted since Magnitsky's death. Magnitsky currently is being tried posthumously. Since 2010, at the encouragement of Senator Cardin and his colleagues, the State Department has barred dozens of Russians implicated in Magnitsky's death from receiving travel visas.    http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-thanks-sergei-magnitskys-family-for-their-sacrifice
“We won’t be able to stop every tragedy, but we absolutely can save lives.”  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) issued the following statement after the Senate failed to pass amendments to the Safe Communities, Safe Schools Act of 2013 (S. 649).  “The safety of our children and communities should never be put at risk by partisan gridlock. It is outrageous that the Senate could not come together on common sense gun safety legislation despite public support for so many of these measures.  I support universal background checks for all firearms buyers but I was willing to accept a bipartisan compromise that at least moved us in the right direction.  Ninety percent of Americans – Democrats, Republicans, NRA members and others – support some kind of expanded background checks, yet the Senate fell short of the supermajority needed to approve a bipartisan compromise.    “I am sympathetic to the interests of legitimate hunters and collectors, but we cannot allow political fear to take hold when almost 3,500 individuals have lost their lives to gun violence in the U.S. just since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary. We should reinstate the Federal ban on military style assault weapons. We should prohibit high-capacity ammunition magazines, clips and other mechanisms that hold more than 10 rounds at a time. We also must take steps together to strengthen our mental health system, make our schools safer, crack down on gun traffickers, straw purchasers, and reduce the glorification of violence. As lawmakers, we cannot stand idle after each tragedy, failing to take action. We know that we won’t be able to stop every tragedy, but we absolutely can save lives.”  ###
Video from Senator Cardin's interview this morning on C-SPAN.   Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) discussed current issues before Congress including- the attacks in Boston, gun sale background checks, immigration reform, and the President's budget.*He also discussed tensions with North Korea from his perspective as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific…
Thought this should be shared
The Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation, Inc.   is one of the largest private charitable foundations in the United States.  The Weinberg Foundation provides approximately $100 million each year to nonprofits that provide direct services to low-income and vulnerable individuals and families, primarily in the U.S. and Israel.  Since 1990, the Foundation has made grants totaling $1.6 billion dollars -- that's billion, with a "b". We are thankful for the work they have done in Baltimore and around the world.
It is with great pleasure and pride that I join in the celebration this month of a landmark moment for democracies and free societies worldwide:  the 65th anniversary of the founding of the modern State of Israel.    On May 14, 1948, pioneering statesman David Ben-Gurion proclaimed Israel’s independence. This established a sovereign homeland for the Jewish people in a land which has had a continuous Jewish presence for thousands of years. Israelis mark this day annually on the 5th day of the Jewish month of Iyar with an Independence Day, called Yom Ha'atzmaut. This year that falls on April 16.   Modern Israel is a relatively young nation which is a vibrant oasis of democracy in a region of the world replete with secular and religious dictators.  Israel has withstood near constant military and terrorist threats, economic boycotts, and diplomatic hostility. Yet it still stands as a thriving, pluralistic democracy where the rule of law and an independent judiciary work to protect freedoms of speech, association and religion; a free press; and, fair and open elections.    This year, as it has on many occasions, we in Congress recognize the special relationship between the United States and Israel based on democratic values and strategic interests. As an institution, we have reaffirmed our support for Israel as it pursues peace with its neighbors. We staunchly support Israel’s right to defend itself against threats to its security and its existence. We are committed to strengthen the bonds of friendship and cooperation between our two countries.   Over six decades, Israel has transformed an arid desert into thriving farmlands and a worldwide hub for agricultural technology, information and communications, energy and medical research, theoretical physics and engineering.  Israel also has become a world leader in search-and-rescue techniques, responding with humanitarian aid and emergency relief to help victims of natural and man-made disasters on nearly every continent. Without a doubt, they are a major player on the global social and economic stage.     I congratulate the people of Israel on the milestone of the 65th anniversary of the founding of the modern state of Israel and wish them a prosperous future built on a foundation of peace and security.
Ben will be joining Dan Rodricks shortly on WYPR tune in
I want to express my most heartfelt sympathies to all those affected by today’s horrific events in Boston.
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin, D-MD visits Goddard Space Flight Center  Center Director Chris Scolese and U.S. Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland addressed Goddard April 12 in the Bldg. 8 Auditorium. The event was a town hall format with a question and answer period following Senator Cardin’s comments.
“Visiting the United States and having access to our financial system, including U.S. dollars, are privileges that should not be extended to those who violate basic human rights and the rule of law.”    Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Finance committees, Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and author of the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, made the following statement regarding the first public release of individuals held accountable for gross human rights violations under the new law.   “This first batch of names released by the administration pursuant to the Magnitsky Act is a serious and historic first step. With this concrete action we send more than just a symbolic message that gross violators of human rights in Russia, and around the world, cannot escape the consequences of their actions even when their home country fails to act.  I look forward to continuing the collaboration between Congress and the Obama Administration in implementing the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act to ensure that those who should be on this list are in fact on this list. I am pleased that the initial list includes officials who were involved at every stage of the death of Sergei Magnitsky, as well as other crimes. I am fully confident that this list, and future names that will be added, can stand up to international scrutiny.”
– Following the bipartisan cloture vote on S. 649, the Safe Communities, Safe Schools Act of 2013, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) released the following statement:  “We must seize this moment, set our political fears aside, and act responsibly. America has mourned more than 3,300 victims of gun violence nationwide since the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newton, Connecticut.  Each heartbreaking event is shocking in its own right but also tears us apart wondering what could have been done to prevent it from happening. I am proud that the Senate has come together to engage in a real debate on what steps should be taken to minimize the risk of future shootings. The safety of our children and our communities should never be put at risk by partisan gridlock.   “I agree with President Obama that we cannot wait for another tragedy to enact common sense, reasonable gun safety measures, especially on weapons of war that have no legitimate civilian use.  I am sympathetic to the interests of legitimate hunters and collectors, but we should reinstate the federal ban on assault weapons and prohibit high-capacity ammunition clips. We must take steps to strengthen our mental health system and reduce the glorification of violence in our culture. I support requiring universal background checks for all firearms buyers, but I congratulate my colleagues for coming to a bipartisan consensus on strengthening the current background check system.  “Despite lobbying efforts to the contrary, I know that we can protect our children while still protecting the Constitutional rights of legitimate hunters and existing gun owners.”
Equal pay for equal work is a matter of basic fairness. Yet some 
 employers pay higher wages to men than women for the same work? Time for the PayCheck Fairness Act, time for basic fairness.
Congratulations to the EU for enacting strong transparency rules for oil, gas and mining companies. Now the U.S. and the EU are united in strengthening financial markets and fighting the scourge of corruption in resource-rich countries.   Special Thanks to Global Financial Integrity Publish What You Pay Oxfam GB Global Witness  Arlene McCarthy MEP and many more.
Ben- Just saw a wave of posts regarding firearm legislation. Thanks for getting involved, have always supported common sense gun control. We can respect the 2nd amendment while still keeping people safe. Certainty  like to know where you stand on the issue welcome civil dialogue   on this matter. Hope everyone enjoys their weekend.
***U.S. Dot Agrees To Cardin Request To Postpone Closure Of Federal Contract Air Traffic Control Towers***  WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski along with Representatives C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger and John Delaney (all D-Md.) today praised the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) Secretary Ray LaHood’s decision to agree with their request to postpone plans to close federal contract air traffic control towers, including at five Maryland regional airports. The announcement follows their letter yesterday calling for a postponement as members of Congress continue to work on efforts to cancel sequestration. That letter is available here.  “Today’s announcement by the FAA to postpone closure of the 149 federal contract air traffic control towers -- including five in Maryland -- is an important step in trying to reach a solution that ensures public safety and addresses the multiples challenges such closures would cause,” said Senator Cardin.  “It is one more example of why sequestration is a bad policy that results in jobs loss for American workers and economic hardships for affected communities.   I am committed to ending sequestration as soon as possible; it’s bad economic policy for our state and our nation.”  “The decision to postpone these tower closures is a hard-fought important step in ensuring Maryland’s safety and economic security,” Senator Mikulski said. “Sequester is having real impacts in real communities with real consequences. I will continue to fight as we work towards a balanced solution to cancel sequester, protect jobs and get our economy rolling.”  “I am pleased that the FAA has decided to postpone this decision which would have had negative impacts on Martin State Airport in the 2nd District of Maryland,” Congressman Ruppersberger said.  “I applaud the FAA’s decision to delay the closures of the control towers in Frederick and Hagerstown. Keeping these towers open is important to local economic development. Hopefully, with this additional time, we can find a long-term solution that works,” said Congressman John Delaney.  The U.S. DOT has announced that it will delay closure of 149 federal contract air traffic control towers across the nation until June 15, 2013, which were set to be closed as early as this month. Secretary LaHood has stated that  sequester will slash more than $600 million from the FAA resulting in mandatory furloughs for nearly 47,000 air transportation employees and the closure of 149 federal contract air traffic control towers across the country. Air traffic control towers nationwide with fewer than 150,000 flight operations or 10,000 commercial operations annually are going to be closed. The Maryland closures would negatively impact national security as well as regional economic security.  The postponement keeps federal contract air traffic control towers operating at the following Maryland regional airports, which were set to close later this month or in May:      Easton/Newnam Field     Frederick Municipal Airport     Hagerstown Regional Airport     Martin State Airport     Salisbury-Ocean City Wicomico Regional Airport  # # #
On March 9, 2013,  several hundred national, state and local supporters -- broke ground for the 17-acre Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad State Park and Visitor Center, commemorating the life and legacy of the legendary abolitionist. The 125-mile Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad Byway was also unveiled during the Join the Journey Centennial Celebration, which marked the 100th anniversary of Tubman’s death.
While in Turkey, our delegation met with representatives of the Syrian opposition. We visited the Kilis refugee camp which shelters more than 13,000 Syrian refugees on the Turkey-Syria border and is one of 17 camps that have been established by the Turkish government. I commend Turkey for keeping its border open to those fleeing the violence in Syria, and for not only sheltering and feeding these refugees, but also providing medical care and educating their children.  Just prior to our visit, the camp residents had held an election and selected leaders for their temporary community. Our delegation met with these elected officials who shared stories of their triumph in leading their families to safety in Turkey. Their frustration with the lack of support from the international community was clear. These leaders repeatedly expressed their expectations that the United States would take decisive action. Our conversation also reinforced concerns that destabilizing elements may take advantage of the void of cohesive leadership in the opposition as time drags on.
Proud to receive a 100% rating from the Defenders of Wildlife on their annual report card.
This has been in the works for quite sometime, glad we've taken the next step.    U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today announced that the U.S. Department of Transportation has given final approval of a $10 million grant to complete the Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens section of the Anacostia Regional Trail Network. The project extends, for almost 4 miles, the bicycle and pedestrian trail south from the end of the Bladensburg Path (on the D.C. border and Prince George’s County, MD, along the east bank of the Anacostia River) to the existing path terminus under the Benning Road Bridge.  “The Anacostia River Trail Network provides the Greater Washington community with access to safe and attractive trails for bikers, hikers, runners and commuters to get around and travel among our region’s great neighborhoods,” said Senator Cardin, a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.  “This segment is critical to connecting Maryland communities to our neighbors in the District of Columbia. It also will increase accessibility to transit stations and make it easier for Marylanders to use the trail as a way to bike to work.”  This segment of the trail will connect 60 miles of trails in Maryland and in the District Columbia. Within the District, the segment is part of the planned 20-mile Anacostia Riverwalk Trail that will connect 16 waterfront neighborhoods to the Anacostia River, including Southwest Waterfront, Nationals Park, Washington Navy Yard, RFK Stadium, National Arboretum, and other popular destinations. The Anacostia River Trail Network also connects numerous schools, businesses, libraries, museums, shopping centers and Metro and MARC transit stations.  The $15 million trail project is jointly funded by a $10 million U.S. Department of Transportation 2012 TIGER (Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery) grant, $3.5 million from the District of Columbia and $1.5 million from Maryland’s Cycle Maryland Bikeways Program.
Vote-A-Rama is underway. You can watch live on C-SPAN2, or follow @SenatorCardin on Twitter for updates.
You grow an economy by creating jobs not cutting them.
The main difference between this Democratic budget and what they rolled out in the House is that our budget manages the deficit in a credible way. It cuts our deficit; it builds on the $2.4 trillion we’ve already done since we started this debate-$1.8 trillion in spending $600 billion in revenues. This budget is built in reality- using plausible baselines—not smoke and mirrors -not parlor accounting tricks. This budget is achievable- it’s doable- it’s credible. Finally, it looks at tax expenditures; it says the middle class has done more to earn a tax break than an oil company. This framework is a good place to start, it’s time to come to the table and get the nation’s work done.
Cardin statement on senate passage of FY13 Continuing Resolution that funds the federal government through Sept. 30, 2013, the end of the current fiscal year:  “The good news is that the federal government will not shut down because the Senate failed to act; that is the result of passage of the Continuing Resolution passed today that funds the federal government for the remainder of FY13. The bad news is that keeping the government running came at a heavy price for Maryland, federal workers across the country, low-income Americans, as well as our schools, law enforcement and public health. It is a sad day when we are forced to choose between partisan gridlock and voting to allow furloughs for civilian defense employees, closing the door to Head Start programs for needy children, extending a pay freeze for federal workers into a full third year, and shuttering air traffic control towers that serve as magnets for commerce and jobs in local communities nationwide. Sequestration was supposed to be such an extreme measure that it motivated Democrats and Republicans to come together and find a reasonable path out of our fiscal mess. Based on my personal discussions with colleagues, I know that there were willing members on both sides of the aisle. However, such compromise was blocked at every turn by those whose sole agenda has been to take a hatchet to the federal government and the very hard working men and women who carry out its essential functions – protecting our borders, finding cures for disease, keeping our skies safe, supporting our military and veterans, and much more. There is a better way and we need to work together to find it.  “I am pleased that the Senate was able to give the Department of Defense and other agencies some degree of flexibility to allow for sequestration cuts to be more strategic and slightly less hurtful across-the-board. Hundreds of thousands of our military members also will be pleased that we voted to restore their tuition assistance, which had fallen victim to sequestration. Unfortunately, many others impacted by the harsh knife of sequestration were not so lucky. My hope is that we can now turn our attention quickly to the FY14 budget and use it to set real, thoughtful priorities for spending and revenue that will restore strategic investments in job-creating, economy boosting programs while also addressing our long-term deficit in a responsible and adult manner.”    http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-statement-on-senate-passage-of-fy13-continuing-resolution
Below is an expert from an editorial  in the The Huffington Post inspired by Senator Cardin's recent Congressional Delegation Trip to The Middle East. During his trip he visited the Kilis Oncupinar  refugee camp on Turkish and Syrian border and observed first hand the ongoing humanitarian cirsis. 
 
 "The first response needed from the international community is to fully fund the UN appeal to provide humanitarian assistance to the people of Syria. To date, the United States has contributed nearly $385 million in humanitarian assistance for the Syrian people and approximately $115 million in nonlethal support to the Syrian Opposition Coalition. This funding also includes the $60 million in food rations and medical equipment recently announced by Secretary of State John Kerry that will be provided to both the Syrian Opposition Coalition and to the opposition's Supreme Military Council. "
 
 
 "Bashar Al Assad must go. The United Nations is investigating reports of 20 massacres in Syria, including three just since December. Assad is murdering his people and has lost all legitimacy. The international community must be united in its call for an end to the Assad regime and a transition to a peaceful, inclusive and democratic Syria. The more assistance that is provided to the Syrian Opposition Coalition, the sooner Assad will realize that his bloody grip on Syria is over and he will be held accountable under international law for his crimes."
 
 The Huffington Post has the full editorial.
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sen-benjamin-l-cardin/syria-drives-middle-east_b_2915187.html
A bipartisan group of 77 senators led by Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Susan Collins (R-ME) today sent a letter to the President urging him to reaffirm his commitment to working closely with the new government of Israel, and to oppose Palestinian efforts to either circumvent direct negotiations with Israel or delegitimize Israel.  “Palestinian efforts to bypass direct negotiations with Israel by taking unilateral steps for international recognition are, in our view, unacceptable,” the letter reads.  “When you meet with Palestinian leaders, you should make clear that the pathway for peace is through unconditional direct negotiations between both the Israelis and Palestinians and that the United States vigorously opposes any Palestinian efforts to circumvent direct negotiations.”  The senators also urge the President to identify and promote policy solutions, such as Iron Dome, that address the urgent and important security challenges facing both Israel and the United States. “We also hope that you will reiterate the United States’ support for Israel, her right to defend herself, and the Iron Dome project.  In such a tumultuous region of the world, and during such challenging times, a strong relationship between our two countries has never been more important.”  Below is the full text of the letter:  Dear Mr. President:  We applaud your decision to travel to Israel so early in your second term as president.  Your upcoming trip will offer you the opportunity to meet with the leaders of Israel’s new government and to reaffirm the unshakeable bond between our two nations. In your meetings in Jerusalem and Ramallah later this month, we hope that you will reaffirm your commitment to working closely with the new government of Israel.  As you may know, in May 2011, the Senate passed S.Res.185: a resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to a negotiated two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  The bipartisan resolution was cosponsored by 90 Senators.  Palestinian efforts to bypass direct negotiations with Israel by taking unilateral steps for international recognition are, in our view, unacceptable. When you meet with Palestinian leaders, you should make clear that the pathway for peace is through unconditional direct negotiations between both the Israelis and Palestinians and that the United States vigorously opposes any Palestinian efforts to circumvent direct negotiations.   It is important to re-emphasize that the United States will not tolerate efforts to isolate or delegitimize Israel. During your first term, you and your administration actively stood by Israel at the UN and other agencies to try to block such efforts.  It is critical that you now make clear that our relationship with Palestinians will be jeopardized by seeking action against Israel at the International Criminal Court.  We encourage you to also stress the importance of the Palestinian Authority’s close security cooperation with Israel.  If peace is to be possible, the Palestinian Authority also needs to confront the recent surge in violence on the West Bank, cease all anti-Israel incitement and renounce Hamas until it unequivocally meets the three Quartet requirements.  We believe that by espousing these principles during your historic trip, you will reaffirm the United States’ commitment to enhancing Israeli security, improving the prospect for peace with the Palestinians and furthering our own interests in this troubled region of the world.   We are strongly committed to the restart of the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians. However, we also recognize that the violence and chaos that have sprung up in Syria, North Africa, Egypt, including insecurity along the Sinai Peninsula, and Yemen are not related to the peace process.  As you pursue peace in the Middle East in the long-run, we hope that your agenda will identify policy solutions to address the urgent and important threats facing Israel and the United States today.  We also hope that you will reiterate the United States’ support for Israel, her right to defend herself, and the Iron Dome project.  In such a tumultuous region of the world, and during such challenging times, a strong relationship between our two countries has never been more important. Israel has challenging times ahead. Israel needs our unwavering commitment now more than ever.   In addition to Senators Cardin and Collins, the letter was signed by  Menendez  Corker Senator Barbara BoxerMarco Rubio Casey, Flake Shaheen Barrasso, McConnell Murphy, Chambliss, Chuck Schumerr, John Cornyn, Stabenow, Vitter, Cantwell, Kirk, Mikulski, Coats, Klobuchar,  Blunt, Whitehouse, Moran, Mark Udall, Boozman, Hagan, Grassley, Landrieu, Lee, Bennet, Cruz, Kirsten Gillibrandnd, Fischer, Manchin, Cochran, Wyden, Isakson, Blumenthal, Johanns, Tester, Burr, Heinrich, Crapo, Schatz,  Hatch, Hirono, Roberts, Franken, Murkowski, Baucus, Scott, Senator Claire McCaskillaskill, Wicker, Merkley, Heller, Begich, Portman, Donnelly, Thune, Pryor, Tim Johnson, Lautenberg, Sherrod Brown, King, Warner, Ayotte, Graham, Hoeven, Toomey, Sessions, Ron Johnson, Reed, Alexander and Rand Paul.
Today at 3pm Et we will be live streaming a Helsinki Committee hearing chaired by Senator Ben Cardin. The topic will be “The Trajectory of Democracy: Why Hungary Matters”. Witnesses include Kim Lane of Princeton University; Sylvna Habdank-Kolaczkowska of Freedom House  and  Paul Shapiro of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
Ben appeared on msnbc 's Jansing & Co. earlier today and discussed his recent Co-Del to Israel and President Obama's upcoming trip. Take a look and please share your thoughts.   http://tv.msnbc.com/2013/03/19/obamas-israeli-charm-offensive/
Ben- Federal workers and their families have made great sacrifices in the past years. It is disappointing to see a lack of bipartisan work to avoid placing an undue burden on them, and the important missions their agencies carry out.  Our federal workforce has already been through pay freezes and hiring freezes -all the while being asked to do more (with less). Right now Washington has got to come together in a bipartisan way to give agencies the flexibility to keep doing their missions and to keep the most qualified government workers in the world on the job. Going forward we need bipartisan solutions to our fiscal issues. While we move forward we cannot forget how important our federal workforce is on many different levels.
Ben- It is clear we need a balanced approach to dealing with the budget- so we can continue to grow our economy and pull ourselves out of sequestration. It is disappointing to see such an unbalanced approach in the form of the Ryan budget. Instead of balance it uses smoke and mirrors to place an undue burden on middle income Americans and those in the Medicare program.  Senator Murray’s budget will be balanced between smart spending cuts -and revenue coming from rational tax reform.
This morning Senator Cardin-a long-time cosponsor of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) was joined by  Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder in Rockville today to announce grants for programs across the country that will be modeled after Maryland’s successful effort to help reduce domestic violence homicides. Speaking at the Montgomery County Family Justice Center, the Vice President and Attorney General shined a national spotlight on the Maryland Network Against Domestic Violence, which has utilized a comprehensive program to reduce Maryland’s domestic violence homicide rate by 34 percent over the past five years through a network of law enforcement, health professionals, faith organizations and others, to identify and support high risk victims with key services.  
 
 “Too many in our community – too many of our neighbors – suffer in silence at the hands of domestic violence, too afraid or ashamed to ask for help. Most often the victims are women, but the statistics permeate all socioeconomic, ethnic, racial, religious and gender groups,” said Senator Cardin. “Victims need our support, not just from law enforcement, which is at the core of ending the violence, but also medical care and economic opportunity. 
 
 “Maryland has not been immune to this problem but we are making a difference in the lives of women and men across our state. I am proud that our state is a model for the nation, demonstrating to victims of domestic violence that there is a way out; they deserve our respect and love, not violence and fear.
 
 “One in four women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime. An estimated 1.3 million women are victims of physical assault by an intimate partner every year. In Maryland, in 2009, there were more than 18,500 reported cases of domestic abuse and 38 fatalities.  This most recent reporting period has been the lowest number of domestic violence-related deaths on record for the state, but these numbers are still unacceptable.”
 
 In total, the Department of Justice will award $2.3 million to twelve sites across the country as part of the new Domestic Violence Homicide Prevention Demonstration Initiative (DVHP Initiative).  The DVHP Initiative, created by the Justice Department’s Office on Violence Against Women, (OVW) helps state and local jurisdictions reduce domestic violence homicides by effectively identifying potential victims and monitoring high-risk offenders.  The DVHP Initiative is modeled after programs in Maryland and Massachusetts, where the use of coordinated teams of law enforcement, prosecutors, health professionals and victims’ services significantly reduced the domestic violence homicide rate. 
 
 
 ###
NA
Today is International Women’s Day and March 10th marks an important anniversary—the 100th anniversary of Harriet Tubman’s passing.    Harriet Tubman was a remarkable woman, and a remarkable Marylander, for whom I’m so proud to help lead the efforts to commemorate her legacy in the form of the Harriet Tubman National Historical Parks Act.  Her story of dedication to the principles of freedom and justice is known around the world. Her strength and the courage of her convictions are timeless lessons- from which we can all make ourselves better.  Harriet transformed herself from a woman who had never experienced liberty, to one who came to embody precisely what liberty is.    After Emancipation, Tubman began to fight for women to have the right to vote.  Harriet Tubman’s legacy is an essential part of the story of America’s evolution. She was devoted to human rights for all Americans.
Pleased to see this in  Baltimore magazine. Small investments in making Baltimore and other cities more bike friendly pay off huge dividends in many arenas.  
Senator Cardin spoke to the Baltimore Council on Foreign Affairs about the newly enacted Magnitsky Rule -as well as a number of other foreign affairs topics and current events.
Senator Cardin writes periodic columns for Maryland publications.  The following column about  women’s history month, and the importance of The Violence Against Women Act.   March is Women’s History Month, a time we usually celebrate or honor a specific woman in history.  This year, I would like to do something different. I would like to focus on domestic violence, an issue that has received a lot of attention in recent months because of legislation in Congress to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act.   I want to use this opportunity to gain a greater understanding of the issue, the progress we have made since the 1980s and what still needs to be done.   Until the 1970s, there really was very little attention paid to domestic violence in our nation. But that changed with the advent of the women’s liberation movement.  As women sought greater control over their lives, there was also increased awareness of problems associated with domestic violence.   Attitudes toward domestic violence have changed dramatically in the last 30 years.  In 1980, health and law enforcement professionals did not know how to respond to domestic violence and often felt many women just needed to go home and try harder to be better wives.   In the early 1980s, domestic violence was considered a family issue that mainly affected wives and few laws existed to address the problem.  At the time, there was very little understanding that domestic violence also could involve girlfriends, men, children or other family members. Consequently, very little attention was paid to dating violence, stalking, sexual assault, and other offenses often associated with domestic violence.   But attitudes toward domestic violence have changed significantly since the 1980s.  From 1980 to 2012, the Maryland General Assembly enacted 98 bills to address domestic violence, including expanding protective orders, marital rape, funding for domestic violence programs, among many other programs.  The Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) was first passed by Congress in 1994 with strong bipartisan support.  VAWA, which was reauthorized in 2000 and 2005, has had an enormous impact; it has strengthened stalking penalties, added protections for battered women, enhanced investigations and prosecutions of domestic violence and provided funding for domestic violence programs.   We have made tremendous progress in addressing domestic violence.  In 1980, there was no federal funding for programs to aid domestic violence victims and combat domestic abuse; today, $12 million in federal funds are devoted to domestic violence programs.  In 1980, there were only 13 programs in Maryland to assist victims of domestic violence; today, there are 20 comprehensive programs serving every jurisdiction in our state.    I am extremely pleased that both the Senate and House recently approved reauthorization of VAWA, which will make it possible to continue to provide the resources that are necessary to combat domestic violence.     We have made real progress in increasing awareness of domestic violence, but now is not the time to turn our attention away from the problem.  A number of studies show that one-in-four American women report experiencing intimate partner abuse in their lifetime.  It affects people from all walks of life, regardless of economic, ethnic and cultural circumstances.  They deserve our support and that’s why we need to reauthorize VAWA, to protect women and others from domestic violence.
12-year-old Marylander Deamonte Driver, lost his life after a tooth infection, six years ago.  HHS has weakened the provisions that would guarantee affordable dental coverage for all American children. “Deamonte Driver’s story is a heart-breaking example of how important oral health is to overall health. If this rule is allowed to stay as-is, HHS will take the bite out of the provisions we fought for that would ensure no child would ever again have to risk his life from something as treatable as tooth decay. I will pursue every route available to make certain that children can receive the affordable oral health benefits that Congress intended,” said Senator Cardin, whose provision creating a guaranteed dental benefit was included in the 2009 reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and then in the Affordable Care Act (ACA).  “Unfortunately, with this new rule, American families could be subjected to prohibitive out-of-pocket costs and the definition of ‘affordable’ cost-sharing for pediatric dental coverage would be left to the states.”
Tomorrow, Thursday February 28 join  Maryland Delegation members  for a twitter town-hall. We will be responding to constituent questions regarding the sequester through their Twitter accounts: 
 
 @SenatorCardin 
 @WhipHoyer Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer
 @SenatorBarb U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski 
 @ElijahECummings Representative Elijah E. Cummings
 @Call_Me_Dutch Dutch Ruppersberger 
 @ChrisVanHollen Chris Van Hollen
 @RepJohnSarbanes John Sarbanes
 @RepDonnaEdwards Congresswoman Donna F. Edwards
 @RepJohnDelaney  Congressman John K. Delaney . 
 
 To follow the Twitter Town Hall questions and responses, follow @AskMDDems. 
 
 
 Submit questions and comments by tagging them on Twitter with #AskMDDems or by e-mailing them to AskMDDems@gmail.com.
From Senator Cardin's visit to the Social Security Administration in Woodlawn earlier today : 
 
 " Our Federal workers are once again under attack. There are some out there who want to reduce the federal workforce through the next 10 years. They are saying that for every 3 workers that retire, you can only rehire one. I'm not going to allow the federal workforce to be a scapegoat for problems they did not cause. Sequestration is a mindless across the board cut that we must try to avoid because it doesn't allow for priorities to be set.  We need approximately $1.4 trillion in deficit reduction, which I believe is achievable through a balanced approach that includes both increased revenues and decreased spending.  Furloughing our federal workers and across-the-board spending cuts do not make a lot of sense and will greatly  jeopardize our economic recovery "
Ben- Was very pleased to receive a 100% rating from the League of Conservation Voters.
Excerpt from Senator Cardin's op-ed on avoiding sequestration with thoughtful reductions instead of meat axe cuts. For more follow the link below-- "Sequestration is not just about numbers; it is about Americans, and if it happens, it will take a terrible human toll. I have met with federal employees from across Maryland, and there is great alarm at the thought of sequestration — not just because of a loss of wages, but because Americans depend on what our federal workers do."
Today Senator Cardin made his first post to the Daily Kos with an entry titled "Climate Change is Here, Now".
Please read this release concerning a new study to diagnose and treat military PTSD and depression.   CARDIN PRAISES START OF NEW STUDY TO IDENTIFY BEST TREATMENTS FOR MILITARY DEPRESSION AND PTSD  U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), who in 2009 first introduced legislation to study the increased use of antidepressants among our combat troops and what impact these drugs may be having on the mental health of our troops, today lauded the start of a new multi-site clinical trial utilizing PEER interactive that will finally help determine if DOD is prescribing anti-depressants to its service members appropriately and what is the best form of treatment for Depression, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and related mental health conditions.  “For years, I have been troubled by the deteriorating mental health of so many of our combat troops and the potential correlation between widely used prescription medications and the record-high suicide rate among active-duty soldiers.  We ask so much of our men and women in uniform without knowing the full extent of the mental trauma inflicted by combat.  We can take steps to limit multiple deployments and extended separations, but we also must work to remedy the strains and deteriorating mental health of so many of our combat troops,” Senator Cardin said.   “I am proud to announce that Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, will begin using its new technology, PEER Interactive to help identify how we can best help the mental health of our brave military men and women. PEER Interactive is an emerging technology designed to support physicians in identifying the best treatments for certain psychiatric disorders. During the clinical trial, military physicians will treat 2,000 volunteer study patients with a primary diagnosis of Depression. The patients may also have comorbid disorders such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), and other psychiatric disorders.    “The mental health and well-being of those who have volunteered to serve our Nation must remain one of our highest priorities.  There is more work to do and we will use this data in this study to continue to strengthen suicide prevention and overall mental health efforts.”  The statistics are disturbing. From 2005-2008 -- the last year full data were provided by DOD -- there was a 400 percent increase in the prescription of antidepressants and other drugs used to treat anxiety.  Just two weeks ago, the military released data showing that suicides among those on active duty hit a record high in 2012. There were 349 suicides among active duty personnel – almost one a day and the highest since the Pentagon began tracking numbers in 2001 and exceeds the 295 Americans who died in combat in Afghanistan last year. It’s not only our Active Duty Members, but our veterans as well.  According to a recent report from the Department of Veterans Affairs that examined suicide data from 1999 to 2010, almost once an hour – every 65 minutes to be precise – a military veteran commits suicide.   “We need to know why has there been such a large increase in the use of antidepressants among our combat troops and whether or not these soldiers receiving proper medical supervision. We must gain a better understanding of the relationship between the use of antidepressants and the alarming rate of suicides within the military,” Senator Cardin added.  “DOD has made significant strides in addressing its pre-deployment health care screenings and post-deployment health care follow-ups and treatment, when necessary.  It also has taken many positive steps towards de-stigmatizing the process of seeking and obtaining mental health care for our troops.  But the use of prescription antidepressant drugs – most notably those known to have adverse side effects – pose an unacceptably high risk to our troops, particularly while they are serving in forward operating areas.  My concern is not the long-term efficacy of these drugs, but the volume and manner in which these drugs are being administered to our troops overseas.”  Senator Cardin testified in 2010 before the Senate Armed Services Personnel Subcommittee to voice his concerns about the use of antidepressants among our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan and ongoing questions about whether there is a connection between the reported use of such prescription medications and the record-high suicide rate among active-duty soldiers.    ###
Ben- #RavensNation is everywhere, even on the Senate floor! Congrats to the Super Bowl Champion Baltimore Ravens, thanks for a great season- can't wait until next September.
Cardin To Chair East Asia And Pacific Affairs Subcommittee, Lead U.S. Helsinki Commission  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senator Foreign Relations Committee, has been named the Chairman of the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee. He takes over this position from retired Senator Jim Webb.  In addition, at the start of the 113th Congress, Senator Cardin was appointed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to resume leadership of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission). Rotating between the House and Senate each Congress, Senator Cardin previously held the post of Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission during the 111th Congress.  “It is a privilege and an honor to chair both the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee and the U.S. Helsinki Commission, which focus on very different parts of the world but share a common mission of encouraging economic cooperation with global partners, protecting human rights and fighting corruption.    “Together with the entire Senate Foreign Relations Committee, we will continue to engage the East Asia and Pacific region to promote our security and global geopolitical stability. We face serious challenges such as maritime sovereignty issues, nuclear testing, and regimes taking their first tentative steps toward inclusive governance. We should explore every opportunity for a peaceful, fair resolution of regional conflicts. Economic issues such as increasing trade and growing entrepreneurship also deserve our attention.  “We must work together with our partners in Asia to foster region-wide mutual understanding and constructive dialogue on good governance, transparency and human rights issues including empowering women; protecting children; and ensuring civil liberties. We must foster cooperation across borders through continued scientific collaboration on how to protect our oceans and forests and keep our water and air clean. We should encourage educational exchanges that will bring our countries closer together.  “As the author of the recently passed Sergei Magnitsky Accountability Act and the Cardin-Lugar transparency initiative for oil, gas and mining industries, I expect the U.S. Helsinki Commission to continue to focus a bright spotlight on Russia and other countries that abuse human rights across the OSCE region. Fighting corruption and human rights abuses can have a direct, positive effect on economic and national security for the U.S. and countries around the world. My goal is to return the Commission to its roots of looking at all 57 countries that have signed the Helsinki final act and how those countries are implementing its requirements.”     The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, also known as the U.S. Helsinki Commission, is an independent agency of the Federal Government charged with monitoring compliance with the Helsinki Accords and advancing comprehensive security through promotion of human rights, democracy, and economic, environmental and military cooperation in 56 countries. The Commission consists of nine members from the U.S. Senate, nine from the House of Representatives, and one member each from the Departments of State, Defense, and Commerce.
WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (both D-MD) today were joined by U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and  Kirsten Gillibrand (both D-NY) in introducing legislation in the 113th Congress to honor the life of Harriet Ross Tubman, the most famous “conductor” of the anti-slavery resistance network known as the Underground Railroad.  U.S. Congressman Dan Maffei (NY-24) also will be introducing a companion bill in the House of Representatives.   The Harriet Tubman National Historical Park and The Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Historical Park Act, S. 247, will establish two National Historic Parks, one in Maryland and one in New York. The National Historical Park in Maryland will trace Tubman’s early life on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, where she was born and later escaped from slavery to become one of the leaders on the Underground Railroad.  The National Historical Park in New York will be located in Auburn and will focus on her later years where she was active in the women’s suffrage movement and in providing for the welfare of aged African Americans.
Ben- Tonight's State of the Union will be a key opportunity for President Obama to outline his goals for the next year and to show where we've come as a country. What would you like to hear the President discuss?
Women’s rights are human rights and fighting to guarantee and protect human rights has always been one of my top priorities.  It is hard to understand why some of my colleagues have opposed the reauthorization of legislation with the goal of curbing domestic violence. Domestic abuse is not a Democratic issue or a Republican issue.  To some of my colleagues and others who opposed reauthorizing VAWA because it would extend protections to certain groups or categories, I want to remind them just how successful the VAWA has been.  Since initial passage in 1994, there has been a 51 percent increase in the reporting of domestic and sexual assaults on women. There has also been a 34 percent reduction in the number of women killed by a partner.  From 1994 to 2000, the VAWA saved American taxpayers more than $14 million.
Friday Feb. 8th at 11 am join Senator Cardin for a town hall discussion about  sequestration, the federal workforce and how it could potentially impact us all.
Senators Cardin  and U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski challenged Senator Barbara Boxerand Senator Dianne Feinstein  to the wager in a letter prior to the game. The Maryland Senators wagered Faidley’s crab cakes from Baltimore’s Lexington Market, Berger cookies made in Cherry Hill of Baltimore and Heavy Seas    brewed in Lansdowne. Senator Mikulski also threw in a can of one of Baltimore’s favorite hair sprays.
Last Friday I had a chance to sit down for an interview on the  The Kojo Nnamdi Show. We discussed the 113th Congress- Senate Rules Changes- The Nomination of Chuck Hagel- Gun Legislation- Fiscal Issues- Sequestration- DC Statehood- and more. 
 
 
 
 http://thekojonnamdishow.org/audio-player?nid=22768
NA
Shots from staff- family and friends of your Super Bowl CHAMPION Baltimore Ravens
Ben- Its time to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).The Violence Against Women Act has a proven track record of protecting women from domestic violence and it is hard to understand opposition to legislation with the goal of curbing domestic violence.  Saving women’s lives should not be a partisan issue.
CELBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH AND THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF MARYLANDER LORD NICKENS  African Americans have been part of the American story from the founding of our nation.  Men and women of African ancestry have been instrumental in forging the great nation we have today.  For too long, racism and prejudice obscured the rich history of African Americans.   Since 1926, February has been Black History Month, a time to celebrate America’s beautiful diversity, and to honor those who have worked hard to ensure that our diversity would forever be one of our greatest strengths. This month we celebrate well-known heroes -- Rosa Parks, W.E.B. Du Bois, Jackie Robinson, Thurgood Marshall, Frederick Douglass – and the list goes on.  While Black History Month is a national celebration, there are a number of African Americans from Maryland who deserve special recognition.   I wanted to take this opportunity to talk about one such Marylander -- a man of conviction, a veteran, a civil rights leader and a humanitarian.  Lord Nickens, a longtime resident of Frederick, Maryland, is a name many Marylanders may not know, but he is someone who deserves to have his story told.   Born in 1913, his parents moved the family from Virginia to Frederick to escape the malignant and dangerous climate of Virginia’s Jim Crow laws.  As a young man, although denied many of the rights of a citizen because of his race, Nickens was drafted into World War II. During the war, he served in the Pacific rose to the rank of Sergeant Major before being honorably discharged.   After the war, Nickens married and began working as a lab technician at Fort Detrick.  In the following years, Nickens was a part of history; he attended Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I Have a Dream Speech,” organized boycotts against businesses supporting segregationalist George Wallace, and founded the Frederick Community Action Agency (FCAA), helping Frederick families in need.    Nickens served 22 years as President of the Frederick County NAACP. During his tenure as President he was targeted for assassination by the Ku Klux Klan, a plan that was foiled by a tip to police.  The following year, Nickens changed the law by successfully suing Frederick County for issuing discriminatory public-rally permits to the KKK.   On January 4, Lord Nickens passed away at the age of 99.  Many people honored him in his passing, paying special tribute to his vision of a better world.  He once invited members of the KKK to a meeting of the NAACP to show the futility of hatred.  He will certainly be remembered as a civil rights pioneer and model Marylander, who had received special recognition and praise from both Dr. King and Rosa Parks.    But he will also be remembered for much more by those who knew him.  He made our state and our nation a better place through his commitment to core principles of equality, justice and fairness. As we celebrate Black History Month, we celebrate Lord Nickens -- and people like him -- who devote their lives to ending racism and hatred.
“Congress cannot continue to kick the can down the road, stalling the decision making process at every turn”  Following a Senate vote on H.R. 325, a temporary extension of the debt ceiling limit, U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Finance Committee, called on his colleagues to come together to find a bipartisan, long-term solution to our nation’s fiscal problems.   “Like every American family that has used a credit card, when a bill is due, it needs to be paid in a timely manner. The United States of America also has to pay its bills. At no time in our history has our country been unable or unwilling to pay its debts. Raising our debt ceiling had to be done – not so we can spend more, but to pay the bills we already have.  Default is not an option. Even delaying the decision to increase the debt limit has put our standing in the world economy in jeopardy and would cost our country and American families. America’s borrowing costs would be permanently higher, and the market’s confidence in our political system would be harmed, perhaps permanently.  “After we approve a debt ceiling increase, we have just a few weeks before sequestration occurs.  We were supposed to avoid sequestration. But here we are again, edging closer and closer to these draconian, automatic spending cuts. Soon after that our continuing resolution to temporarily fund the government expires, and then we are back to debating the debt ceiling. Congress must stop stalling.  It is time for bipartisan solutions to our fiscal challenges.  Americans deserve certainty and stability in the financial markets; small businesses need access to affordable credit.  Our seniors who depend on Social Security and working families who are struggling to pay their monthly bills deserve more from their elected leaders. It’s time to move away from stopgap measures and develop comprehensive and fair solutions to solving our long-term deficit and debt problem.”
Ben- More staff photos from the RAYvens Rally earlier this week. Getting very close to game time, would love to see some Purple Passion pictures.
“I am confident that John’s legacy of fighting for democracy, human rights, and global peace will continue at the Department of State. He played an essential role in bringing our troops home from Iraq and ending the war, and has been an advocate for peace and democratic transition in some of the most challenging conflict zones, from Sudan to Afghanistan."
“John Kerry has dedicated his life to public service in the finest manner”  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, lauded the swift confirmation of Senator John Kerry to be U.S. Secretary of State.    “John Kerry will serve our nation well as America’s top diplomat. I had the privilege of serving on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with Senator Kerry since arriving in the U.S. Senate six years ago and I know that he is committed to ensuring that robust diplomacy and development can function alongside defense at the heart of America’s foreign policy.  American diplomats and development professionals abroad are facing serious security and political challenges at the same time our nation faces serious fiscal and political challenges at home.  I believe that Secretary Kerry will be open to systemic reforms within the Department while remaining a strong advocate for America’s interests around the world.  “I am confident that John’s legacy of fighting for democracy, human rights, and global peace will continue at the Department of State. He played an essential role in bringing our troops home from Iraq and ending the war, and has been an advocate for peace and democratic transition in some of the most challenging conflict zones, from Sudan to Afghanistan.  He is committed to continuing efforts to promote development assistance and recovery in Haiti, fighting global HIV/AIDS, and supporting democracy and human dignity, poverty assistance and the advancement of women’s empowerment throughout the world.  I have been pleased to work with him on efforts to combat global climate change. He has convened eight major hearings and roundtables on climate change and energy security since taking the gavel of the Foreign Relations Committee. His support for global human rights led to U.S. action to end ethnic cleansing in Kosovo, to impose sanctions on Burma, and to help create a genocide tribunal in Cambodia.”
Equal pay for equal work is not a slogan it’s an American virtue. When women work the same hours in the same job as a male colleague they should receive the same pay. Right now women on average make 77 cents to every dollar a man makes. This isn't just at odds with our sense of equality and fairness- it hurts women- families and communities. As a father and grandfather of strong, intelligent women, pay equity is a personal issue for me. I want my two granddaughters to know that when they grow up, they will be paid fairly for the work and not 77 cents for every dollar of their male counterparts.
Cardin  On Bipartisan Framework For Comprehensive Immigration Reform Monday, January 28, 2013-----  Washington, DC – U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a supporter of comprehensive immigration reform, released the following statement in response to the bipartisan immigration framework announced today. The measure would strengthen our border security, create a tough but fair legalization program, create a workable system to ensure that employers only hire legal workers in the future, and make sure we admit workers that can help America better compete in the 21st century global marketplace.   “There is bipartisan agreement that our nation's immigration and border security system is broken and must be fixed. We must ensure that our borders are secure. At the same time, we must find a tough but fair process that allows illegal immigrants to come out of the shadows and find a path toward citizenship if they want to stay in this country. This is about keeping families whole and ensuring that immigration laws are respected. I commend my colleagues, including Senators Schumer and McCain, for coming together across party lines to develop a bipartisan framework for comprehensive immigration reform.  I also appreciate that the principles announced ‘will strengthen prohibitions against racial profiling and inappropriate use of force.’”
Shots snapped by Senator Cardin during the second swearing in of President Obama.
Ben- Staff in Baltimore sent this in. No way a wintry mix is going to keep Ravens Nation from showing their Purple Pride!
“International Holocaust Remembrance Day is about remembering and never forgetting.  On January 27, 1945 Soviet troops liberated the extermination camp at Auschwitz-Birkenau. The atrocities at Auschwitz and across Europe that were committed by the Nazi regime cost the lives of 11 million people -- 6 million of them Jews -- none deserving such an end.  “On this anniversary, and every day, the world community grieves for those who were lost and share in the anguish of the survivors whose lives were forever changed. We also remember and honor all those who took risks and stood against Hitler, many of whom sacrificed their own lives on behalf of others.  “We all know too well the horrors of the Holocaust and we cannot stand by as other, modern-day genocides occur.  I am determined to make sure that such a dark history never repeats.  We owe the victims and their families our united resolve to prevent future crimes against humanity.”         ###
“Gridlock does not create jobs, it does not improve our schools and it does not clean the air we breathe or the water we drink. We are public servants and we were sent here to do a job, and I am committed to getting the work of the American people done.”   U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) voted to support a reasonable package of changes to the Senate rules designed to improve the efficiency of the Senate and minimize the ability of any one senator to block consideration of legislation or certain nominations. Senator Cardin has worked for months with a bipartisan group to develop recommendations on rules changes.  The Senate approved two resolutions tonight by votes of 78-16 and 86-9 that contain nearly all of the bipartisan group’s recommendations.  “The U.S. Senate has too frequently been paralyzed and blocked from carrying out the business of the American people. The reasonable rules changes enacted for the 113th Congress were negotiated based on the frustrations of Senators from both the majority and minority parties. It became apparent to all of us that individual senators were abusing the system and blocking consideration of amendments and bills indefinitely. That’s not how the Senate should operate. The rules changes agreed to should allow the Senate to carry out its responsibilities in a more effective way.  “I strongly supported this bipartisan effort to change the rules of the Senate, but I do believe in majority rule. I think rules changes should be done in a bipartisan manner but after a full debate that decisions should be made by a majority of the Senators elected to the Senate.  “Let’s hope that the cooperation that grew out of developing rules changes will carry through to other work, allowing us to tackle the hard problems facing our nation in a more collegial way, recognizing that compromise is how this country was formed.”
Ben- Was honored  by the  Development District Association of Appalachia (DDAA)  with the 2012 Congressional Award during the Mountain Maryland PACE Legislative Breakfast in Annapolis. Mountain Maryland has some of our state’s greatest natural resources and we have a great opportunity to develop its natural beauty while also spurring economic development. Honored to have worked with so many amazing people to ensure interests key to Western Md are protected and advanced.
 
 
 http://www.cardin.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/cardin-receives-award-from-the-development-district-association-of-appalachia
Senator Cardin and Senator Hagel  Senator Cardin Meets with Secretary of Defense Nominee Senator Chuck Hagel Senate Democrats
Senator Cardin on move to open combat roles to women: “Yet another glass ceiling is about to be shattered. I applaud Secretary Panetta’s actions that will open up thousands of front-line combat positions to America’s brave military women, giving them an equal opportunity to serve their nation, earn promotions and move up through the ranks as their male counterparts. America’s military is the greatest in the world and it has been made stronger today with the promise of equal opportunity for women and men.  “Every day, we honor the service of our men and women who volunteer to protect our nation. Maryland is home to nearly 30,000 Active, 16,000 Reserve and hundreds of thousands of veteran Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines and Coast Guardsmen.  These Marylanders have our utmost respect and appreciation.”
Ben- U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski is taking the lead on bringing the Pay Check Fairness Act back to the Senate, lets have her back! Equal pay for equal work is a core American value.
Ben- Commonsense laws concerning things as powerful as guns should not be a partisan issue. In the wake of  mass shootings, and in the face of daily shootings across the U.S- it is time to say enough is enough. We can reduce the needless violence by making logical policy decisions that respect the Second Amendment while protecting human lives. President Obama should be supported in his efforts to explore how we can make the Country safer by looking at our laws, health system, culture and more.   Follow link for official press release.
•	Empowering individuals to make informed financial decisions is essential to our economic recovery.  Our country is stronger when individuals and families are able to pay their bills on time, maintain their homes, manage credit and build savings.
NA
--  U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today toured areas impacted by Hurricane Sandy and visited the Disaster Recovery Center to see first-hand how recovery efforts are proceeding.  In December, U.S. Senators Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski and Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley appealed to the Obama Administration to reverse its original denial of Individual Assistance.   On December 15, President Obama reversed the original denial and designated Somerset County as a Major Disaster Area, eligible for Individual Assistance.  The Individual Assistance designation enabled the state to apply for the Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (D-SNAP). The MD Department of Human Resources estimates that 1,400 households in Somerset County are eligible for D-SNAP  Somerset County and the City of Crisfield were particularly hard hit by Hurricane Sandy.   Crisfield, the most economically disadvantaged city in Somerset County, suffered the most devastation from the hurricane.  A total of 585 homes were affected by the storm, including 71 homes that suffered major damage.  More than 100 Crisfield residents were displaced when the city was covered by 5 feet of water.  Additionally, more than 50 businesses were seriously impacted by what has been dubbed as “Super Storm Sandy.”     “Somerset County residents have been deeply affected by Hurricane Sandy, and the D-SNAP program is an important benefit of the Individual Assistance designation that is providing residents with temporary food assistance while they get back on their feet,” said Senator Ben Cardin. “I am here today because I want the people of Crisfield and Somerset County to know that I stand with them as they recover from the devastation of Sandy, and I am committed to doing all I can to ensure that assistance and recovery efforts go as smoothly as possible.”
I look forward to a fair and open confirmation process, during which we can fully examine Mr. Lew’s extensive experience in finding thoughtful and appropriate solutions for our fiscal challenges.
Ben- In case you missed it here's an interview from MPT in which we discuss the budget, the debt, the deficit, the filibuster, healthcare Senator Hagel and much more. Take a look
Great view this morning.
Ben- Proud and excited for the newest member of Team Maryland.
U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD), a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, released the following statement regarding the announcement that former Senator Chuck Hagel will be nominated to fill the position of Secretary of Defense.  “The responsibility of Advice and Consent is an important Constitutional duty and I look forward to the confirmation process with my former Senate colleague Chuck Hagel. I will be requesting an opportunity to meet with him one-on-one to discuss many of the issues he will face as a key member of the President’s national security team. I have concerns based on positions he has taken and statements he has made on a variety of topics. Despite my reservations, I will not prejudge his nomination but will give him ample opportunity to explain himself and current thinking on the future state and scope of our military, relationships with our allies, including Israel, and how he believes we should address challenges to our national security like Iran. I also want to be reassured that if confirmed, a Secretary Hagel would aggressively defend the forward progress made by the Department of Defense in removing discrimination based on sexual orientation from regulations and daily life among our troops.”
A message from Senator Cardin before being sworn in earlier today.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJFZBW1ccbk
Ben- As of Jan 1 2013 many new life and cost saving provisions of the Affordable Healthcare Act went into effect. These provisions help everyone. Many previsions specifically make preventive healthcare a possibility for women who previously would have been denied. Below are just some of the new benefits, please take a moment to read more about the ACA.        •	Well-woman visits  •	Breastfeeding support, supplies, and counseling •	Contraceptive methods and counseling •	Screening and counseling for domestic partner violence •	Screening for gestational diabetes •	Counseling for sexually transmitted infections, including HIV  •	Screening for HIV •	DNA testing for high-risk strains of HPV
Ben- Disappointed the House leadership walked away from voting on the bipartisan Sandy relief bill passed in the Senate. All up and down the East Coast and right here in Maryland there are people who need help now.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=CuvvjuZ_L_w
