“Congratulations to Marcus Mariota on receiving the Heisman Trophy.  We are all justly proud that he is the first Heisman Trophy recipient from Hawai‘i. I had the privilege of meeting Marcus last summer, and he exemplifies the best that Hawai‘i has to offer.  I congratulate him on his accomplishments on and off the field, and we all look forward to seeing him continue his successful football career in the upcoming College Football Playoff.” - BES
"Mahalo to Congressman-elect Mark Takai and all the Hawaii legislators who came to talk story with me today!" - BES
“Today, we remember the thousands who lost their lives during the attack on Pearl Harbor and we honor our service members in Hawai‘i who made the ultimate sacrifice. Seventy-three years later, we remain grateful to the men and women who fought with bravery to protect the daily liberties all Americans enjoy, and we keep our current service members and their families in our hearts and minds.” - BES  Senator Schatz joined Governor Ige, Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., USS Arizona Memorial Superintendent Paul DePrey, and many others to honor the bravery and sacrifices of those who served during the attack on Pearl Harbor at today's 73rd Pearl Harbor Day Commemoration Ceremony.
“This impending typhoon that is expected to make landfall this weekend could potentially cause devastating losses for the Philippines. Many people are still recovering from the tragedy left by Typhoon Haiyan that wreaked havoc just 13 months ago. My prayers go out to the people of the Philippines as they prepare for the storm and I encourage all of us in Hawai‘i to extend the same aloha to our families and friends in the Philippines as we’ve done in the past. I will work just as I have always done to be sure that if necessary, the people of the Philippines receive the emergency support they need to assist in any recovery efforts.” - BES  Helpful information can be accessed at the links below:   http://www.gov.ph/emergency-hotlines/   http://www.philippineshonolulu.org/
“The Department of Housing and Urban Development will gain an outstanding, well-qualified Deputy Secretary in Nani Coloretti. This is a proud moment for Hawai‘i and the Filipino-American community.  As a native of Kapahulu and the highest-ranking Filipino-American in the Obama Administration, Nani not only brings strong leadership experience, but the ability to inspire the next generation of Filipino-American leaders in Hawai‘i and across the country. I am proud to call Nani a friend, and I look forward to continuing to work with her in her new role.” - BES
“All of Hawai‘i is deeply proud that Patsy Mink has been awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. As a daughter of the islands, she fought every day of her life to make real the possibilities of equal opportunity for all and the rights of minorities and women. Her remarkable achievements were hard earned – born of her unwavering resolve and the values she learned living in Hawai‘i. We know that Patsy would share this award with all of us and especially with the countless women who steadfastly carried on with the legacy and the spirit of Patsy Mink." - BES   Today President Obama posthumously awarded Congresswoman Patsy Mink with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor.
“Encouraging the production of Canadian tar sands – some of the dirtiest oil in the world – is not in America’s national interest. Congress should be focused on transitioning to clean energy and working on things that will have a positive impact on the economy rather than trying to approve an unnecessary pipeline.”  - BES  Today Senator Schatz voted against the authorization of Keystone XL, a pipeline that would encourage the production of dirty tar sands oil and undermine efforts to combat climate change.
“The groundbreaking climate change and clean energy cooperation agreement announced by President Obama and President Xi demonstrates the necessary leadership from the United States and China to continue addressing the global threat of climate change.  The agreement recognizes that as the two leading producers of greenhouse gas emissions, the United States and China must take short and long term measures to reduce the amount of carbon pollution and to encourage the development of clean energy.  By jointly agreeing to specific goals which will reduce carbon emissions by 2030 at the latest, the United States and China are poised to significantly bolster renewable energy research and technology and foster a new industrial revolution fueled by clean energy.” - BES  Last night, the White House announced an historic agreement between President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China to address the global threat of climate change.  To highlight the significance of this agreement, Senator Schatz spoke on the Senate floor today to call on Congress to finally act on climate change.
“On Veterans Day, we pay tribute to the more than 120,000 veterans living in Hawai‘i and the many others around the world who have bravely served our country. Their willingness to put themselves in harm's way to defend the daily liberties all Americans enjoy deserves our deep gratitude and respect. As we observe Veterans Day, let us remember the sacrifices that our veterans and their families have made to protect us, and never forget that we owe them nothing less than the same commitment they have showed us. On this day and every day, please take the time to thank our service members and veterans for their remarkable service, enduring spirit, and steadfast patriotism to our nation.” - BES  Today, Senator Schatz helped honor our service members, veterans, and their families at the Oahu Veterans Council's Veterans Day Ceremony.
"All of Hawai'i is deeply proud that Patsy Mink has been named to posthumously receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. As a daughter of the islands, she fought every day of her life to make real the possibilities of equal opportunity for all and the rights of minorities and women. Her remarkable achievements were hard earned – born of her unwavering resolve and the values she learned living in Hawai'i. We know that Patsy would share this award with all of us and especially with the countless women who steadfastly carried on with the legacy and the spirit of Patsy Mink." - BES
Medicare is open for enrollment until December 7th.  During this time, beneficiaries can choose new health coverage plans for 2015, make changes to an existing plan, learn about discounts on prescription drugs, and take advantage of new benefits from the Affordable Care Act.  To learn more about how to enroll or make changes, please review this guide: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/medicare
As Tropical Storm Ana approaches, it may bring strong winds, heavy rains, and high surf.  It is critical to be prepared.  Please take some time to review this guide to learn how to create an emergency plan and stay safe.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/ana
UPDATE: I am pleased to announce, along with the National Park Service, Mayor Kenoi, and Rep. Gabbard an agreement to rebuild the Chain of Craters Road with 2-way emergency access.  The 2-lane road will be fully restored to the original 22-foot width.  This is welcome news for the people of Puna and a real team effort.  While there is still more to do, I am grateful we were able to work together to find a solution to this issue.
"This is an unusual situation and there's really only one way out, and it's connecting to the Volcanoes National Park. It's the way to provide emergency access for the people of Puna and so we've gotta find a way to make sure it works." - BES  Today, Senator Schatz toured Chain of Craters Road and met with local and federal officials to discuss the need for two-way emergency access through Volcanoes National Park.
"The Big Island is saying goodbye to State Legislator and County Councilman Bob Herkes who recently passed away.  Bob was a straight spoken and steadfast advocate for the Hawaii consumer.  He had a deep understanding of business and an even deeper compassion for people, especially his fellow Big Islanders.  Legislators constantly sought Bob's opinion and advice because he valued the facts and was a true problem solver.  Aloha Bob.  You will be deeply missed." - BES
"Skippa profoundly impacted the lives of countless youths throughout his decades-long teaching and coaching career, particularly in his hometown of Kalihi. A true larger than life figure, Skippa earned the respect of people from all walks of life, and his legendary size and strength were only matched by his heart and compassion for others. My sincerest condolences go out to his wife, Mary, and the rest of the Diaz ohana." - BES  http://www.staradvertiser.com/sports/breaking/20140830_Hawaii_football_legend_Skippa_Diaz_dies.html?id=273321421
"We extend our condolences to the family, many friends and all the people Bob Herkes steadfastly served as a Hawai`i County Council member and Hawai`i State legislator.  Bob was a plain spoken leader who was simultaneously business and community minded.  His colleagues always sought his opinion because he was smart, balanced and valued the facts.  The more I got to know him, the more I understood his compassion for people most in need and his deep love for our island home.  Bob brought a broad talent to public service and he will be missed.” - BES
America’s service men and women are the best in the world.  Yesterday, Senator Schatz joined Marines at the Marine Corps Sunset Parade, where they honored the Hawaii congressional delegation.
“King Kamehameha’s legacy remains part of what makes Hawaii so special. Today, we remember most his strength of purpose, his commitment to Hawaii and her people, and his ever-enduring spirit.  This above all lives on in his name and especially on this day.” – BES  Over the weekend, Senator Schatz helped honor the legacy of King Kamehameha at a lei draping ceremony in the U.S. Capitol.
In remembrance of Maya Angelou: "We can learn to see each other and see ourselves in each other and recognize that human beings are more alike than we are unalike."
We honor our fallen heroes at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific at Punchbowl.
This weekend, Senator Schatz helped reaffirm the new officers of the Ilocos Surian Association of Hawaii and joined them in celebrating the rich history and vibrant culture of the Ilocano community.
The crisis with our climate requires leaders and advocates to join together to build and sustain solutions to save the world’s oceans.  Senator Schatz joined the Polynesian Voyaging Society at its Oahu Departure Event on Saturday to send off the canoes and crews of the Hōkūle‘a and Hikianalia at the Marine Education and Training Center, in Sand Island.  Senator Schatz also entered an official statement into the U.S. Senate Record honoring the Polynesian Voyaging Society’s monumental, worldwide journey.  “For 40 years, the Polynesian Voyaging Society has perpetuated the art and science of traditional Polynesian voyaging. The worldwide voyage of the Hōkūle‘a carries the message that the ocean connects all of us.  Godspeed to all of the crew members throughout this four-year-long journey as they carry the hopes, aspirations and dreams of millions of people who are united in a community that is defined not by geographical or political borders, but by our core values of aloha and mālama to care for each other and the land and ocean that sustain us.” – BES 
The tourism and hospitality industry is a major economic driver and an area where we can work together to create and keep jobs in Hawaii. As Chair of the Senate Subcommittee on Tourism, Senator Schatz announced a tourism package to expand travel promotion and improve the travel experience for visitors and residents, boosting tourism to Hawaii and supporting jobs. 
While two percent of students at non-profit schools in Hawai‘i default on their student loans, the default rate jumps up to 24 percent when it comes to for-profit schools.  Nationally, even though only one in ten students attend for-profit schools, students from for-profit schools account for nearly half of all student loan defaults.  Senator Schatz stood with students on Capitol Hill today, Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin, HELP Committee Chairman Tom Harkin, Senator Chris Murphy, and the Young Invincibles to call on the Department of Education to put in place stronger protections for students at for-profit colleges.  “A college education is supposed to be a path to opportunity, not a life of debt.” – BES
Senator Schatz spent some time with the Hanapepe Seniors Club at Spark Matsunaga Garden this afternoon to talk story and discuss his work in the Senate to protect and expand Social Security.
To celebrate Earth Day, Senator Schatz visited Kauai Community College and spoke to students and administrators about the important work they are doing to promote sustainability and preserve our environment.
Senator Schatz spent the morning in Hanalei and hosted a Community Talk Story with Mike Ching at Ching Young Village.
Today, Senator Schatz joined AARP Hawaii in honoring Hawaii’s caregivers, including his wife Linda Kwok Schatz, a long-time AARP supporter and volunteer.
Senator Schatz partnered with UH Sea Grant to host a day-long conference, Ascent: Building a Secure and Sustainable Water and Energy Future for Hawaii.  The conference featured local and national experts including Senator Barbara Boxer of California, Nainoa Thompson of the Polynesian Voyaging Society, and many others.  Following the conference, former U.S. Vice President Al Gore presented a public lecture to nearly 9,000 people at the UH Stan Sheriff Center.  Vice President Gore spoke about the impacts of climate change in Hawaii and around the world and the urgent need for action.
Join Senator Schatz and the University of Hawaii Sea Grant College Program on Tuesday, April 15th  for a free public lecture on expanding renewable energy and combating climate change, featuring former U.S. Vice President Al Gore at UH Manoa.  For more information, go to: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/ascent
Tax Day is April 15.  If you need assistance preparing your tax returns, there are free services available in Hawai‘i.  To find free tax services near you, visit Senator Schatz’s tax help resource webpage:  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/taxhelp 
We had amazing turnout at our Hawaii Get Online workshops with Google today. More than 200 small businesses packed the Maui Arts and Cultural Center. The morning session attracted so many small businesses that Google added a second workshop.
Congratulations to Punahou School junior Matthew Shimura and Maui High School students Austin Michael Alimbuyuguen and Joseph Griffith for winning national awards at CSPAN’s StudentCam competition.  Their award winning documentaries examined some of our nation’s biggest challenges, including economic inequality and the need for a national clean energy plan.    http://hawaii.education.blogs.civilbeat.com/post/79601328855/three-hawaii-teens-among-winners-in-national-c-span
Our veterans deserve all the benefits they have earned.  The VA home loan program gives them the opportunity to own a home and stay in Hawai‘i.  After the VA dropped the maximum home loan guarantee for Honolulu earlier this year, Senator Schatz worked with the VA to increase the loan guarantees to $721,050 from $625,500, making it easier for Hawai‘i veterans and their families to own a home.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bK1fx8TC8Hk
While 97% of Americans look online for local products and services, 68% of Hawaii businesses do not have a website. Senator Schatz and Google are hosting a workshop to help change that.  Join Senator Schatz at Hawaii Get Your Business Online on Wednesday, March 19. Google experts will be on-hand to help show Maui businesses how to get their business online and growing. #GYBO  Register today: http://www.gybo.com/hawaii/ 
Today the Senate took an important step that will help pave the way for a new VA medical facility, the ALOHA Center, on Oahu which would double clinical services for Hawai‘i veterans. The legislation is the most comprehensive veterans legislation in decades.   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/senate-advances-bill-that-will-make-way-for-new-va-medical-facility-on-oahu-double-clinical-services-for-hawaii-veterans
Senators Schatz and Gillibrand know that it can be tough for families to get by.  They're working on an “Opportunity Plan” to help American families succeed.  http://www.civilbeat.com/voices/2014/02/18/21208-creating-opportunities-for-american-families-to-succeed/
To safeguard military retirees from changes in cost of living adjustments that are set to take effect in 2015, Senator Schatz co-sponsored the Military Retirement Pay Restoration Act.  And today, Senator Schatz, Senate Democrats, and veterans groups called on Republicans to support their legislation and reinstate earned benefits for military retirees.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27WwfqjDWdw
Despite the federal government investing more money than ever before in higher education, the cost keeps going up, and in many ways, schools are not held accountable to students and taxpayers.  To address the rising cost of college, Senators Schatz and Murphy are pushing legislation - the College Affordability and Innovation Act of 2014 - that they introduced with Senators Murray and Sanders to make college more affordable for students in Hawai‘i and across the United States.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbroaEt1Ggg
47,000 pedestrians have died in road accidents in the past decade. To make our streets and communities safer, Senators Schatz and Begich introduced the Safe Streets Act of 2014, legislation to change the approach to how federally funded roads are planned, designed, and built.  This will increase bike lanes and sidewalks and help keep kids and seniors safe.  http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/197771-bill-requires-sidewalks-bike-lanes-on-federal-funded-roads
“The Lunar New Year is a special time for us to celebrate the vibrant customs of the Asian American and Pacific Islander communities. In Hawai‘i and around the world, as families gather to celebrate the Year of the Horse and look towards the future, we are reminded of the diversity that enriches our state. From cuisine to commerce – culture and the arts – the contributions and strong values of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have strengthened the fabric of our society and have made Hawai‘i and America a diverse and special place. On behalf of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, we wish you and your loved ones happiness, prosperity, and good health in the new year.  Happy New Year!” - BES  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTvGw_1uMxw
President Obama will deliver his State of the Union address to Congress at 4pm HST and outline his priorities for the year.  What issues will you be watching for?
“Today, we honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., a civil rights icon whose powerful voice spoke out for the oppressed and marginalized.  When faced with intolerance, injustice, and hatred, Dr. King responded with compassion, hopefulness, and service.  His values and principles have made us a stronger people and a greater country.   “Having recently made marriage equality a reality in Hawai‘i, it is fitting to recall the words of Dr. King to our State Legislature in 1959 when he described Hawai‘i  as 'a place where we see the glowing daybreak of freedom and dignity and racial justice.’  We can be proud that Dr. King saw these virtues in our people, and that we are carrying on in dignity and honor the cause of equal rights for all.” - BES
The Senate today passed the omnibus appropriations bill, which now goes to the President’s desk for his signature.  Senator Schatz helped work to include more than $744 million directly for Hawai‘i’s priorities in the bill.  “Appropriations have always been important to Hawai‘i and we need to make sure Hawai‘i continues to secure our fair share.  We protected investments that matter to jobs and Hawai‘i’s future here, and did well for Hawai‘i in this appropriations process.  I am deeply appreciative that we were able to work with Senate appropriators to protect or increase funding for the East-West Center, transportation, Native Hawaiian health care and education, clean energy, and defense programs.” - BES  http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/20140116_Senate_passes_budget_bill_with_hundreds_of_millions_for_Hawaii.html 
Senator Schatz joined Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman Barbara Boxer, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, and other Senate colleagues to announce the newly formed Senate Climate Action Task Force.  Senator Schatz spoke about the effects of global warming in Hawai‘i and discussed their plan to take action on climate change.
  
 “The only place where there is a remaining debate of the reality of climate change is in the United States Congress.  There is a scientific consensus.  And for those of us who won’t believe the science, we will believe our own eyes and our own experience.  All of us in our home states are seeing the reality of climate change now.  On the North Shore of Oahu, there has always been big surf in the winter time, but there has never been homes floating away into the ocean.  On the South Shore you get your southern swells and the sands shift, but there has never been erosion to the extent that it is happening now. Climate change is real.  Climate change is urgent.  That’s what we’re here to do, to wake up congress.” – BES
Senator Schatz is fighting to protect military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments by helping to introduce an amendment to legislation renewing long-term unemployment benefits.   “The reductions made to military pay increases are unacceptable and need to be reversed. This amendment will reestablish the cost-of-living increase for future military retirees, and this is a commonsense fix that we should be able to get bipartisan support for.  The cost-of-living pay changes won’t take effect until 2015, so we have time to fix this issue, but we must fix this issue.” – BES  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exHJiRZD4cI
Senator Schatz today voted to move forward legislation renewing emergency unemployment insurance for the thousands of Hawai‘i families who rely on it.  These unemployment benefits help families still looking for work get by, and the money is pumped right back into our economy, supporting jobs. 
 
 “Today, the Senate took the first important step to restore this program and help families in Hawai‘i.  This was an uphill fight, but we were able to get Republicans to cross the aisle and join us to move this extension forward. For thousands of families here in Hawai‘i, and millions of Americans across the country, unemployment insurance has been the lifeline that’s meant the difference between keeping their heads above water or losing their homes, or seeing their children go hungry.  The long-term unemployment rate today is more than double what it’s been at any other time that Congress has let emergency jobless assistance expire.  Families are struggling, and they need a little help.  Unemployment benefits are pumped right back into are economy, helping to spur growth and creating jobs.  Renewing unemployment insurance is critical for Hawaii families and for our economy.”  – BES
Senator Schatz sat down with Lara Yamada at KITV to talk about some of his legislation that was signed into law by President Obama.  One law will help move forward a memorial to honor Native American veterans. The other will improve the quality of life for service members and their families on bases and decrease congestion.  He also discussed his priorities for the new year, which include renewing unemployment benefits, making college more affordable for Hawai‘i students and families, and doing more to help middle-class families in Hawai‘i.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SLYAiuLyyA
The cost of college has skyrocketed 300% over the past 30 years. Senator Schatz is working with Senator Chris Murphy on legislation to help make college more affordable and reduce the burden of debt colleges set on students.  http://www.staradvertiser.com/newspremium/20131229__Proposal_would_press_colleges__to_make_education_affordable_.html?id=237863251
“'New base planning and construction have long-term impacts on the surrounding landscape and can influence future development,' said Sen. Brian Schatz, who pushed for the local funding."  http://www.bizjournals.com/pacific/news/2013/12/27/hawaii-military-to-see-spending.html
President Obama today signed into law the 2014 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which included bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Schatz.  The Military Installations Enhancement Act of 2013 will  promote the long-term viability of military bases with smart growth planning and construction that helps preserve Hawai‘i’s precious land and natural resources.  NDAA funds provisions important to Hawai‘i’s economy and military community, and increases overall defense funding in Hawai‘i while other states have seen reductions in defense spending.   “New base planning and construction have long-term impacts on the surrounding landscape and can influence future development.  Our legislation, now law, will provide smarter and more sustainable development at military bases that can cut down on traffic in surrounding communities and preserve Hawai‘i’s precious land and natural resources.” - BES  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/president-signs-national-defense-bill-with-schatz-military-construction-legislation-to-preserve-land-on-bases
Today President Obama signed legislation authored by Senator Schatz that will pave the way forward for a long-awaited Native American Veterans Memorial on the National Mall in Washington, DC.  “It is long past time for our nation to honor the uncommon contributions of Native Hawaiian, Alaskan Natives, American Indian, and other native veterans. I introduced this bill so that our nation can recognize Native Americans’ service and patriotism with a fitting memorial.  A memorial to native veterans will make sure future generations learn about the sacrifices Native Americans made in service to our nation.  The valor of our Native American veterans, their dedication to duty and remarkable record of military service, must forever be remembered.  This memorial will do just that.” - BES  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/schatz-native-american-veterans-memorial-bill-signed-into-law-by-president
Senator Schatz spoke on the floor of the U.S. Senate today about how the long-term budget will protect jobs in Hawai‘i and prevent another government shutdown.  Senator Schatz is working with Senate leaders to protect military retirees from the cost-of-living pay adjustments and extend long-term unemployment benefits.  From Senator Schatz:  “Although this budget is the right choice for many reasons, we know it is not perfect.  And I do believe we can work together to improve parts of it.  I find it unacceptable and inexplicable that the House of Representatives left town for the holidays without extending long-term unemployment benefits.  We must make it a priority to extend them immediately in January.  We need to protect military retirees from the cost-of-living pay adjustment.  The cost-of-living pay adjustment won’t take effect until January, 2015 – so we have time to fix this issue, but we must fix this issue.  Our legislation will fully pay for the change by closing a loophole that some companies are using to avoid paying U.S. taxes with offshore tax havens.  This is a commonsense fix that I believe we can get bipartisan support for.  We need a long-term budget, but not at the expense of our military retirees.  “Without this budget agreement, there would have been an additional $20 billion in cuts to our defense programs, hitting next month.  Those defense cuts would disproportionately hurt my home state of Hawai‘i.  Without this budget agreement, 25,000 federal civilian workers in Hawai‘i would be furloughed or laid off.  Hawai‘i can’t afford that.  I voted for this budget to prevent those cuts.  The bipartisan budget agreement finally provides relief from the sequester and a path forward to get our economy on the right track.  Most importantly, the budget protects Social Security and Medicare benefits.”
Senator Schatz is working with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York on an Opportunity Plan for families and legislation to create a national paid family and medical leave insurance program.  This would ensure that workers in Hawai‘i and across the country would no longer have to choose between a paycheck and caring for themselves or a family member.  Watch their interview on Hawaii News Now this morning:  http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/24253717/sen-brian-schatz-ta
This morning, Senator Schatz will be on Hawaii News Now and KHON2 News with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York to discuss the work they’re doing to create a national paid family and medical leave insurance program, ensuring that workers in Hawai‘i and across the country would no longer have to choose between a paycheck and caring for themselves or a family member.
Senator Schatz helped introduce legislation today to safeguard military retirees from changes in cost of living adjustments (COLA) in the bipartisan budget agreement.  The proposal would be fully-paid for by eliminating a corporate tax loophole for companies that use offshore tax havens to avoid paying U.S. taxes.  “The budget agreement is an important step forward for our country – it protects jobs in Hawai‘i and instills economic certainty, finally rolling back the devastating sequester cuts and stopping billions of dollars’ worth of cuts from taking effect. But we can work together to make it better and I believe this is one important way to do so. The legislation we’re working to pass would preserve military retiree benefits and pay for it by closing an offshore tax haven loophole that some companies are using to avoid paying U.S. taxes.” - BES
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the passing of Senator Daniel K. Inouye, who served Hawai‘i in the United States Senate for nearly 50 years.  “We mark this day by remembering the extraordinary life and service of Senator Daniel K. Inouye, a great leader and a true patriot.  His courage, heroism, and humility earned him the respect and admiration of his fellow service members, his constituents, colleagues, and leaders around the world.  In this remembrance, we commit ourselves to the standards he set, to his deep compassion for all people, his love for Hawai‘i and his belief that together we can shape an ever brighter future for our state and country.” – BES
Senator Schatz voted to advance the two-year Bipartisan Budget Act, which moved forward in the Senate today with a vote of 67-33.  From Senator Schatz:  “In a divided government, the people expect responsible leaders to find ways to govern and work together.  For too long, the United States government has been lurching from crisis to manufactured crisis and using short–term stop gaps to fund the government – eroding the American people's confidence and hurting the economy.  “This two-year budget moves us beyond the reckless threats of government shutdown, and lays a clear path to end sequestration and restore the appropriations process that Hawai‘i depends on, so I will support the agreement.  Washington has to cooperate and work with President Obama to move the country and our economy forward.  While this is not the exact bill I would craft on my own, this is much-needed cooperation in a town where compromise has become a dirty word.    “This agreement rolls back the senseless sequester cuts that have unfairly hurt Hawai‘i’s middle-class families and our economy.  The irresponsible sequester slashed important programs in our state from Meals on Wheels to Head Start, and caused workers to be laid off or furloughed through no fault of their own.  The bipartisan budget agreement finally provides relief from the sequester and a path forward to get our economy on the right track.  The budget prevents a $20 billion defense cut from hitting next month, which would have disproportionately hurt Hawai‘i.  The agreement keeps 25,000 federal civilian workers in Hawai‘i from being furloughed, and it protects Social Security and Medicare benefits.  This agreement is good for Hawai‘i.”   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/schatz-statement-on-the-budget-agreement-supporting-hawaii
“Loretta Fuddy was one of the finest, most capable, and most caring public servants I have ever known. This is a sad day for Hawai‘i. My condolences and aloha go to Loretta's ohana and the Hawai‘i Department of Health family. Loretta was one of the very best.” – BES  http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/24200547/fuddy-remembered-as-quiet-trailblazer
The Senate today passed a ten-year ban on undetectable guns. Senator Schatz and Senate leaders are pushing increased safety measures to ban at-home production of plastic guns, which would do more to protect Hawai‘i families and keep our communities safe.
 
 “We should be able to take action on stopping homemade, virtually invisible firearms. This is a no-brainer. Families across Hawai‘i and the United States deserve more than just an extension of the ban. They deserve to know that it is illegal for dangerous people to make their own plastic gun at home.  We need to stop these guns to help police and security fight criminals and keep our schools, airports, and communities safe. And we're going to keep working to pass these safety measures.” - BES
 
 http://www.schatz.senate.gov/press-releases/senate-passes-ten-year-ban-on-undetectable-guns
Today the Senate is debating a ban on undetectable guns, including plastic and 3D printed guns, which do not show up on x-ray machines or metal detectors.  Senator Schatz is working to pass additional safety measures on these guns.  “This is about the safety of children and families in Hawai‘i and across the country. Without this ban, dangerous people will be free to use new technology, like 3D printing, to produce and carry guns that cannot be detected through x-rays.  The Senate must act to prevent deadly uses of undetectable firearms.” - BES  http://dc808.blogs.civilbeat.com/post/69415648724/schatz-wants-10-year-ban-on-undetectable-guns
Senator Schatz visited UH Manoa to talk story with students about public service.  He also discussed the rising cost of college and the work he’s doing in Congress to make sure college is within reach and affordable for Hawai’i families and students.  “Your opportunity is limited only by your vision.” - BES  http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/20131208_Youngest_US_senators_Schatz_Murphy_want_to_lower_college_costs.html 
Over the last 30 years, the cost of college has increased by 300 percent,  forcing some students to take on crushing student loan burdens or putting a degree entirely out of reach for others. Despite the federal government investing more money than ever to help students pay for college, student loan debt is now the highest form of personal debt in the nation, reaching over $1.1 trillion.
 
 In Hawai‘i, in-state tuition for four-year public colleges has doubled since 2006 - one of the steepest tuition increases in the country.
 
 Senator Schatz thinks the rising college cost of college is one of the biggest middle-class issues of our time, which is why he's introducing legislation to help make college more affordable.
 
 http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/20131208_Youngest_US_senators_Schatz_Murphy_want_to_lower_college_costs.html?mobile=true
“Today as we observe the 72nd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, let us stop to remember and honor those brave service members in Hawai’i who served with honor and made the ultimate sacrifice to protect the freedoms and rights of our great country.” - BES
From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving! Aloha, Brian
“Americans gather on Thanksgiving to express gratitude for our blessings, families, and our country.  I would like to give special thanks to our veterans and service members, in Hawai‘i and all over the world, who serve to protect us here at home. I am so thankful to represent the people of Hawai‘i – our strong values, compassion, hard work, and aloha spirit have made our state a special place to call home. Today and every day let us always remember to be thankful for each other and our blessings.  From my family to yours - Happy Thanksgiving.” – BES
Senator Schatz visited Lanai to hear from residents during this time of transition.  He received updates from Pulama Lanai on their plans for the island under Larry Ellison’s leadership and heard from residents on their community collaboration to address ongoing issues with infrastructure, education, and elder care options for Lanai’s aging population.
“Our condolences to the family and many friends across the State of the former Lieutenant Governor Jean King. She was a trailblazing leader known for her work on the State Sunshine Law, the Shoreline Protection Act and her constant compassion for the downtrodden.  She was an active Democrat throughout her life, a regular at State Conventions and she will be deeply missed.” - BES
"There is a memorial service for Margaret Ushijima in Hilo today. An educator, attorney and remarkable trailblazer, she had a deep and lasting impact on the lives of so many others. Her work, her deeds and her values shine forward and prevail --- bold and clear." - BES
Senator Schatz met with Philippine Ambassador to the United States Jose Cuisia, Jr. and Senator Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) to discuss the progress on the relief effort in the Philippines and how the U.S. Government can continue to help them rebuild.
Senator Schatz attended the Medal of Freedom ceremony today at the White House and applauded President Obama for awarding Senator Daniel K. Inouye with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor.  “No one is more deserving of this honor than Senator Inouye,” said Senator Brian Schatz.  “Senator Inouye is Hawai‘i’s hero, he is an American hero, and great leader who served with incredible bravery, compassion, and humility.  This is an honor for everyone in Hawai‘i that he is being recognized in this way.”  President Obama said at the ceremony, “Daniel Inouye was a humble man and didn’t wear his Medal of Honor very often, instead he liked to wear a pin representing the Good Conduct Medal he earned as a teenage private. ‘To behave yourself takes special effort,’ he said. ‘And I did not want to dishonor my family.’ Danny always honored his family and his country, even when his country didn’t always honor him.  After being classified as an enemy alien, Danny joined a Japanese American unit that became one of the most decorated in World War II.”
Every week when the Senate is in session, Senator Schatz co-hosts a Tuesday Talk Story to meet with Hawai‘i families and listen to their concerns and priorities.  Today, Senator Schatz met with educators and families from across Hawai‘i and discussed the U.S. Government’s response to Typhoon Yolanda in the Philippines and what he’s doing in the Senate to improve education and expand early childhood education.  Here the Senator is pictured with the Yamashita family, including baby Keolinohokai, from Moloka‘i.
Senator Schatz was invited as a special guest by Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee Chairman Ben Cardin to join a hearing to assess the U.S. Government’s relief response to the devastation Typhoon Yolanda caused in the Philippines.  The hearing included important updates from USAID officials and was attended by Philippine Ambassador Jose Cuisia, Jr.
Senator Schatz was on MSNBC to talk about the benefits of the Affordable Care Act, including keeping young adults on their parents' insurance until age 26 and ensuring those with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied health care coverage.  He also discussed Hawai‘i's experience expanding health care, covering 90% of the state's population and lowering overall health care costs.
Tonight, the United States Senate passed Senator Schatz’s resolution expressing the United States’ support for the Philippines and the victims of Typhoon Yolanda.   “The United States and the Philippines share a special bond rooted in strong cultural and historical ties between our two countries. The Philippines is a resilient nation and a true American ally, and they need our help.  Typhoon Yolanda was reportedly the strongest storm ever to make landfall in recorded history – sweeping away almost everything in its path.  Although the storm is over, our work has just begun.” - BES  Yesterday, Schatz spoke on the Senate floor, describing the devastation in the Philippines, the U.S. government’s response efforts, and called on viewers to make donations to help survivors.   For resources on how to locate loved ones in the Philippines or to help with the relief effort, please visit our online resource center linked below.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=348037
Senator Schatz spoke on the Senate floor today to introduce a resolution expressing the United States Senate’s support for the Philippines and the victims of Typhoon Yolanda and to ask viewers to consider helping the relief effort by making a donation to one of the local Hawai‘i or national organizations working to help the Philippines.  Senators Menendez, Durbin, Cardin, Rubio, Hirono, Tom Udall, Boxer, and Begich are co-sponsoring Schatz’s resolution, which will be considered by the Foreign Relations Committee tomorrow.  “The Philippines is a resilient nation and a true American ally, and they need our help.  Please donate,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.
“Today we achieved a long-fought victory for civil rights in Hawai‘i.  This is a celebratory day for many Hawai‘i families, who will now be treated equally under the law, regardless of who they love. I heard that Willie K and Amy Hanaiali'i brought everyone to tears singing ‘Imagine’ at the Marriage Equality bill signing in Honolulu today. And that Senator Hee, Representative Lee and Governor Abercrombie spoke poignantly.  Mahalo Governor Abercrombie for signing this historic act into law. ” – BES
"The stories of loss and devastation coming out of the Philippines are shocking and heartbreaking, and the full extent of the ravage is not yet even known. Millions of people were hit by Typhoon Yolanda, or Typhoon Haiyan, and while there is no official death toll, estimates are upwards of 10,000. My prayers and I know the prayers of all of us in Hawai‘i are with the people of the Philippines. They are a strong people and I know they will come back from this epic tragedy, but they need our help. I'm working to make sure the United States keeps supporting the Philippines now in this emergency and in their recovery efforts in the time to come. I am working to help ensure all U.S. Federal agencies are mobilized to support the Philippines in this time of need. I want the people of Hawai‘i to have all the information possible about what's going on in the Philippines as it becomes available."  The continually updated Resource Center can be found here: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=348037
As we come together to honor our veterans, let us recommit ourselves to ensuring all veterans who have courageously defended our nation receive the support they deserve.  That is why Senator Schatz is fighting to finally give all Filipino World War II veterans the benefits they were promised.  “What our Filipino veterans are asking for is simple and straightforward—to be recognized for the service that they performed for the U.S. during the Second World War, and to have access to the benefits that they were promised,” U.S. Senator Brian Schatz said. “I am committed to advancing their interests and ensuring that they are recognized as American veterans.”  http://www.thefilipinochronicle.com/hfchronicle%20Coverstory-1A_11092013.html
“America would not be what it is without the bravery of our men and women in uniform, and we owe them our deepest gratitude. We have a responsibility to honor this service with not just our words, but with our deeds as well. We need to remember the sacrifices that our veterans, as well as their families, have made to protect us, and remember that we owe them nothing less than the same commitment they have showed us. Honoring the promises we have made to veterans means making sure they have all the benefits, care, and resources they have earned — and that includes a good job when they come home from duty. On this day and all others, we must never forget their service.”
Senator Schatz spent some time with the University of Hawai‘i football team and wished them luck on tomorrow’s game. #GoBows
Senator Schatz voted to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA).  This historic bill will make sure all Americans are judged by their job performance and not by who they are or whom they love.
 
 “Equal treatment under every aspect of the law is right and it is just,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.  “Past fights for equal rights prove that those standing in the way of equality now are on the wrong side of history.”
Senator Schatz is working collaboratively across the aisle to introduce legislation to expand clean energy, cut overall energy use, and taxpayer dollars.  Senator Schatz introduced the Utility Energy Service Contracts Improvement Act of 2013, which would change existing law and give agencies more options to realize cost and energy savings opportunities.  “We need to do everything we can to save energy and taxpayer dollars. This bill makes a commonsense change that has the potential for an enormous impact on energy cost and consumption,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “The federal government is the largest consumer of energy in the country, and this bill will expand our ability to invest in clean energy projects while saving money. I am glad that I was able to work across the aisle to partner with Senators Alexander and Coats on this practical solution.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=348000
“Everyone, in Hawai‘i and across the country, deserves the right to go to work and earn a good living for your family – this is certainly true regardless of the gender of who you love. I’m proud that in Hawai‘i we banned workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation, and I’m committed to ensuring these equal rights are protected nationwide.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346998
Today, U.S. Senator Brian Schatz highlighted the important role after-school programs play in Hawai‘i at a meeting with former Governor Schwarzenegger and Senator Harry Reid.  Senator Schatz also spoke today at the launch of the DC After-School All-Stars chapter, a sister chapter of Hawai‘i’s After School All-Stars program.
 
 “I have seen first-hand the difference after-school programs make for our children and their families,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.  “After-school programs help kids do better in class and give them a place to go.  After-School All-Stars and the 21st Century Community Learning Centers have helped thousands of children in Hawai‘i, and I’ll keep fighting to protect these programs for our kids.  That’s why I was glad to discuss the importance and future of after-school programs in Hawai‘i with Governor Schwarzenegger and Leader Reid, and help launch the DC chapter of After-School All-Stars.”
 
 Schatz is a co-sponsor of the After School for America’s Children Act, which will extend and improve the 21st Century Community Learning Centers after school program. Currently, over 5,600 children in Hawai‘i participate in after school activities through 21st Century Learning Centers, over 1,500 of which participate in the After-School All-Stars programs. The benefits of after-school programs are tangible. Students in after school programs not only do better in school, but are 30 percent less likely to engage in criminal activity, 49 percent less likely to use drugs, and 37 percent less likely to become teen parents.
 
 http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346972
Senator Schatz is fighting to protect Social Security and strengthen the program for our kupuna who rely on it.  Today he joined the Strengthen Social Security Coalition’s conference on Solving the Retirement Income Crisis and talked about how important Social Security is to the 1 in 6 people in Hawai‘i who rely on benefits.
U.S. Senator Brian Schatz introduced two bills that will create high-quality jobs in Hawai‘i and promote American manufacturing as part of a collaborative “Make it in America” initiative with Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) and other Senate colleagues.  “These policies will help create good jobs in Hawai‘i and help Hawai‘i businesses grow,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.  “New clean energy incentives, opportunities for Native Hawaiian small businesses, increasing Hawaii’s exports, and promoting foreign investment in our businesses are all part of a dynamic economy here in Hawai‘i.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=346962
Reminder: Service Academy nomination applications are due this Friday, November 1. For more information, go to: http://www.schatz.senate.gov/service_academy.cfm
Today, Senator Schatz spoke on the Senate floor on why so-called conservatives shutting down the government and threatening default is harming our economy and middle-class families.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-n0KrAWsGWk&feature=youtu.be
On Saturday, Senator Schatz took to the Senate floor to call out House Republicans for their unprecedented and reckless refusal to vote on a Continuing Resolution without unrelated amendments. Because of their “temper tantrum,” people in Hawai‘i are suffering. Senator Schatz highlighted some of those people and their situations in his floor speech.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-Hp5m0af-A
“I want to thank the Capitol Police and all law enforcement agencies involved for their brave and swift response. All staff and members of the Hawai‘i delegation are out of harm's way and accounted for, and we followed the appropriate procedures for this type of emergency. Mahalo to everyone in Hawai‘i who reached out to make sure that we are safe."
From Senators Schatz and Hirono: "Everyone in our offices are safe and accounted for. Our thoughts are with Capitol police & first responders."
Do you have questions about what services will and won't be affected by the government shutdown? Visit our website for answers to some of the most common concerns.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345852
“Despite knowing that a government shutdown would hurt seniors, veterans, families, and dedicated public servants, as well as put our economic well-being at risk, House Republicans have stubbornly refused to agree to fund the federal government. Due to their recklessness, the United States government has been forced to shutdown. Every moment that the government remains closed endangers our economy and American families across the country. I will keep working to pass a Continuing Resolution that reopens the government.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345847
Open enrollment under the Affordable Care Act begins tomorrow.  To enroll or learn more about how to get quality, affordable healthcare through the Hawai‘i Health Connector, visit www.hawaiihealthconnector.com
U.S. Senator Brian Schatz joined his Senate colleagues in voting to get us closer to a deal that will keep the government from shutting down.  “A government shutdown would harm the people of Hawai‘i, and it is irresponsible for unbending and intransigent Tea Party Republicans to continue to hold our economy hostage so that they can get their way,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz. “Enough is enough. While the Continuing Resolution is not perfect, it will keep the government from shutting down. We must now work to pass a budget that removes damaging sequestration cuts and represents the priorities of working families.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345825
MUST READ: Senators Brian Schatz and Christopher Murphy explain the critical need for aggressive reform to make college more affordable for American families.
NA
Welcome to the #SchatzSeniors Team!
NA
U.S. Senator Brian Schatz released the following statement on the elimination of what is known as the “Monsanto Protection Act” from the Senate version of the short-term appropriations bill, the Continuing Resolution.  “The Monsanto Protection Act is bad policy for the country and the State of Hawai‘i,” said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz. “The Senate version of the Continuing Resolution does not include this provision, effectively repealing the Monsanto Protection Act. This provision took the ability of the Secretary of Agriculture to fully exercise his regulatory power over GMOs, and compromised the role of our courts as a check on the legislative and executive systems, making it significantly more difficult for concerned citizens to present their case.  “I strongly urge the House not to sneak the Monsanto Protection Act back into the final version of the appropriations bill. However, if it is slipped back in, rather than letting the issue be deliberated with full transparency and public input, I will immediately introduce legislation to repeal it.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345800
"The VA grant will ensure that the groundskeepers and cemetery officials have access to the resources they need to improve the Maui Veterans Cemetery and honor the final resting place of those veterans that are interred there," said U.S. Senator Brian Schatz. "I am committed to ensuring that our veterans and their families are honored for their services, and that their sacrifices for our nation are remembered long after they have passed."
Senator Brian Schatz announced that he will be co-sponsoring a number of bills to unlock Hawai‘i students’ full potential by expanding early education, providing more counseling and after school opportunities, fostering excellent educators, and modernizing schools.  “In order to build a better future for Hawai‘i, we must begin with our students,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “We know so much about how to help students achieve their full potential, and the federal government can do more to help states provide the conditions for students’ success.  For example, we know that children who have access to early childhood education are much more likely to succeed in school and after they graduate.  We also see real classroom results when we give our teachers relevant and timely training.  These bills would give states more resources in the areas that really matter so that our kids have greater opportunities to succeed.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345786
“This latest attempt to defund Obamacare will never pass the Senate or be signed by the President. House Republicans again voted against the interests of the American people, risking our economic stability just to prove a point.  There have been times in history when both parties are equally to blame for gridlock, but this is not one of them. If Speaker Boehner would stand up to Tea Party extremism and put forward a clean Continuing Resolution, then we can avoid this self-inflicted crisis.”
Senator Schatz released the following statement in response to the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) proposed standard on carbon pollution for new power plants:  “Today the Obama Administration took an important step towards reducing carbon pollution and speeding the transition to more sustainable sources of energy.  Power plants account for 40 percent of the carbon pollution in the United States, and while we currently protect public health with limits on arsenic, lead, and soot from power plants, no federal limits on carbon pollution currently exist.  This sensible standard proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency will limit carbon pollution and protect our children from the health risks and other impacts of climate change,” Senator Schatz said.   “In Hawaii, we have seen that moving to clean energy is good for the environment and the economy.  I applaud President Obama’s leadership on this issue and will continue to work with him and the EPA, as well as in the Senate, to forge commonsense solutions that preserve our environment, keep families healthy, and create new clean energy jobs.”   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345769
If you have been affected by the molasses spill in Honolulu Harbor or have any questions or concerns, please contact the Joint Information Center at 808-842-5058 extensions 457, 458, 459 or email molassesresponsejic@gmail.com   http://www.uscgnews.com/go/doc/4007/1908385/
TODAY, Senator Schatz will host a constituent call on the federal response to the molasses spill in Honolulu Harbor at 12:15 pm HST/6:15 pm EST. Schatz will be joined by representatives from the response agencies involved with the spill. The call-in number is 877-353-4701.
Today, Senator Brian Schatz spoke on the Senate floor to highlight the benefits of health care reform.  The Affordable Care Act will ensure that Hawai‘i families and families across the country have access to quality affordable health care.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ke6gpI2XIo
Senator Brian Schatz will host a constituent call on September 18th on the federal response to the molasses spill in Honolulu Harbor at 12:15 pm HST/6:15 pm EST. Schatz will be joined by representatives from the response agencies involved with the spill.  The call-in number is 877-353-4701.
Today, Senator Brian Schatz released the following statement after 12 people were killed in a shooting at the Washington, DC Navy Yard.  “I joined the rest of the country in being horrified by yesterday’s senseless shooting at the Washington, DC Navy Yard. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims’ families as they begin to cope with the loss of their loved ones.  “We have to do whatever we can to prevent this type of tragedy from occurring again. I call on my colleagues to pass bipartisan gun safety reform. When the Senate debated this issue in April, we saw widespread consensus from the public on commonsense reforms, such as expanding criminal and mental health background checks.  “While legislation can’t put an end to all violence, lawmakers must do what is right and close the gaping holes in our system in order to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the severely mentally ill. Now is the time to do the right thing.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345737
"Sending my thoughts and prayers to the victims of today's tragic shooting at the Navy Yard in Washington, their families, and first responders." -BES
Today, Governor Abercrombie and the Hawai‘i Department of Health formally requested federal assistance with response to the molasses spill. Senator Schatz has mobilized the federal response from agencies including NOAA, the EPA, and the United States Coast Guard.  The State requested assistance from the U.S. Coast Guard, which makes Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) funding available for expenses related to this spill. The Coast Guard will coordinate the response, with direct involvement from the State of Hawai‘i, the EPA, and NOAA.  “This has become a very serious situation,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “We need all hands on deck when it comes to protecting our marine environment, and that’s why we are working to bring federal resources into Hawai‘i as quickly as possible. I have been in direct contact with the Coast Guard, EPA, and NOAA to discuss how the federal government can aid with response and remediation efforts. Our federal partners are to be commended for recognizing the gravity of the spill, and I am grateful they have rallied so quickly to provide aid and resources to support the State. We are confident that CERCLA funding will help in swiftly dealing with this situation before more adverse effects are felt on our state’s beaches and in our harbors.”  To read the full release, click the link below.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345715
"We are also in touch with the governor and his staff, and will work with them to ensure that all appropriate federal resources and expertise are focused on this spill. Through coordination, we can help to minimize damage to our natural resources, marine life, and businesses," Schatz said.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced today that it is sending two on-scene coordinators to Oahu to assist the State in its response to the spill of an estimated 224,000 gallons of molasses on Sunday.    “After several conversations with officials at the Environmental Protection Agency, the agency has decided to send two on-scene coordinators with expertise in spill response to Oahu today to assist the state.  We are also in touch with the Governor and his staff, and will work with them to ensure that all appropriate federal resources and expertise are focused on this spill. Through coordination, we can help to minimize damage to our natural resources, marine life, and businesses,” Schatz said.  "This is a serious situation, and it requires a coordinated, aggressive response at all levels of government."  The EPA personnel have expertise in spill response and plan to meet with State officials and other federal agencies involved with addressing the spill shortly after their arrival.  According to EPA officials, molasses spills can be technically challenging to contain and clean up.  Approaches used on oil spills such as floating booms and skimming to contain the liquid are ineffective.  Pending an on-site assessment, EPA may recommend a technique known as “air curtains” to protect particularly sensitive affected areas.  This technique uses long tubes to oxygenate water and help disperse and break down contaminants.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345709
Today, Senator Brian Schatz announced that he is in contact with federal agencies to aid the State response to the spill of an estimated 224,000 gallons of molasses on Sunday, September 8, 2013.  Since the molasses spill, hundreds of fish have died, and its long term impacts on fish and other marine life are uncertain.  “Today I have contacted state officials and federal officials at NOAA, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Army Corps of Engineers to get briefed on the situation and to ensure that all appropriate federal resources and expertise are focused on this spill,” said Senator Brian Schatz.  “We must take swift action in order to minimize harm to our oceans and natural resources.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345706
“On this day, twelve years ago, our world fundamentally changed forever. Today and every September 11th, we remember the horror of that day, the fear and confusion that rippled across our nation, the heroism of our first responders, the beauty and love shared between friends, neighbors, and perfect strangers, and the unbreakability of the American spirit.”
Today, Senator Brian Schatz lauded the selection of Hawai‘i as the host of the 48th Meeting of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum Telecommunications and Information Working Group (APEC TEL 48).  “I am pleased that the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum Telecommunications and Information Working Group has selected Hawai‘i as its 2013 host,” said Senator Brian Schatz.  “Hawai‘i has much to offer as an international business destination, with unmatched levels of hospitality and professionalism, as well as superior visitor venues and convention centers. Since my time as Lieutenant Governor, I have worked closely with APEC to build upon its relationship with Hawai‘i and expand upon our state’s role as a business hub and gateway to the Asia-Pacific region. I will continue to do so as more businesses, nonprofits, and government entities choose Hawai‘i as an excellent place to do and conduct business.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345683
Today, President Obama nominated Deputy Director of the Hawai‘i Department of Land and Natural Resources Esther Kia‘aina for the position of Assistant Secretary for Insular Areas at the Department of the Interior.   The U.S. Department of the Interior’s Office of Insular Affairs coordinates federal policy in the territories of American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The office also administers U.S. federal assistance to the Freely Associated States of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Republic of Palau under the Compacts of Free Association.  “Esther Kia‘aina is a tremendous choice by President Obama for this important post at the Department of the Interior,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “Esther has had a distinguished career in public service, during which she has developed significant expertise in Native Hawaiian issues and land management. This is one of the few Senate confirmed positions for which a local Hawaiian leader has been nominated. I congratulate her on this worthy nomination, and look forward to a speedy confirmation process. The people and state of Hawai‘i will be better served with Esther Kia‘aina as Assistant Secretary of Insular Areas.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345682
The Hawai‘i Department of Defense will receive a grant worth $872,075 from the U.S. Commerce Department’s National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) under the State and Local Implementation Grant Program (SLIGP) program to support the planning, education and outreach activities in preparation for building the first nationwide public safety broadband network.  “Our police, firefighters and emergency service professionals deserve a compatible and suitable communication network so that they can respond quickly when action is needed most,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “These resources will help Hawai‘i implement the first nationwide interoperable public safety broadband network. I am glad that Hawai‘i is beginning the process of planning for this wireless network.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345681
Meeting with constituents
Tomorrow, Senator Schatz will host a Constituent Coffee Hour for Hawai‘i residents visiting DC.  This is a unique opportunity to share your values and concerns regarding Hawai‘i and our nation.   Senator Schatz will also share with you his views on the important issues facing our great state and the Senate.  For more information or to attend, please call (202) 224-3934 or email diane_miyasato@schatz.senate.gov
Today, Senator Brian Schatz announced seven grants from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) totaling more than $23 million for Hawai‘i including funding for airport projects in Honolulu, Kaunakakai, and Lanai City.  “The FAA and FTA have made transportation in Hawai‘i a priority, and the grants announced today are evidence of that,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “I have confirmed through conversations with Transportation Secretary Foxx and Federal Transit Administration Administrator Rogoff  that our state will continue to receive funding for critical improvements, allowing Hawai‘i to continue to grow as a tourist destination and economic center.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345663
“I have weighed the expert briefings and analysis, and listened closely to the people of Hawaii.  Though all of us are outraged by the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons, I have concluded that a military strike against Syria is not the answer. Therefore, I will oppose this resolution.”  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=345653
Attending the Okinawan Festival in Waikiki
“I’m pleased to announce that TSA has decided to expand its PreCheck Program to three airports in Hawai‘i, allowing for more efficient interisland travel.  As an island state, Hawai‘i has unique travel needs. By making it easier for the 16,000 to 18,000 passengers who travel daily between the four major islands to commute, we are allowing room for economic growth and expansion. After communicating with Administrator Pistole on this issue, I am glad that TSA has chosen to expand this program in Hawai‘i, making it easier for visitors and commuters to fly.”
Senator Schatz recently sat down for an interview with KKOA 107.7/LAVA 105.3 to discuss how he’s working to represent Hawai‘i’s values in the Senate.  Listen and share with your friends!  http://www.bigislandnewscenter.com/audio/II/2013%209-1%20U.S.%20Sen%20Brian%20Schatz%20.mp3
For decades, unions have ensured the rights of workers & protected families. Hawaii is a better place because of our unions. Happy Labor Day!
Yesterday, Senator Brian Schatz issued the following statement regarding Congressional consultation on military action in Syria.   “Friday, I stated the importance of the full participation of the United States Congress with respect to proposed military action in Syria.  Today, President Obama has taken the proper step in announcing that he will seek Congressional authorization before taking military action.   "Congress must weigh in. And this decision should spur an important debate, allowing us to review the facts. Most importantly, this assures the country that the gravity of taking military action is weighed fully before decisions are made. I will continue to participate in briefings with the President’s senior national security advisors and reviewing relevant intelligence in order to give this decision the serious consideration it deserves."
I have been traveling across our state to meet with families and discuss the work that I’m doing in the Senate to protect Social Security and Medicare, make college more affordable, and create new clean energy jobs in Hawai‘i.  I am so pleased to meet with my friends and neighbors whose concerns and values I will bring back with me to Washington.
Yesterday, Senator Brian Schatz received the Hawaii Climate Champion Award from Organizing for Action, the grassroots arm of Obama for America. The group cited the Senator’s leadership role with the Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative and his commitment to the expansion of Hawaii’s clean energy economy as the primary reasons for this accolade. 
 
 “Climate change is an urgent, real issue for Hawai‘i and our nation,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “That is why as Lieutenant Governor, I led the efforts to expand our clean energy economy and reduce our dependence on foreign oil. I will continue to work with President Obama and my colleagues in Congress to build the clean energy sector, which would help to protect our environment, increase our national security, and create the jobs of tomorrow.”
NA
“Today marks the 50th anniversary of one of the most remarkable speeches of our time.  In his historic oration, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. referred to the United States Constitution as ‘a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir.’  Despite the great progress made over the last 50 years, there is much work left to do. The basic right to vote is under fire across our country. Paycheck fairness is still a problem, with women making 77 cents for every dollar made by a man.  And same sex couples still do not enjoy the same rights as heterosexual couples in the state of Hawai‘i and other states. Today is a perfect day to remind ourselves of the mission that lies ahead.  Have the same dream as Dr. King.  Hold on to it, and fight for it.  Not because it’s easy, but because it is right.”
Senator Schatz met with participants of the International Visitor Leadership Program on Pacific Women Climate Leaders to discuss innovative technologies for advancing sustainability and addressing climate change and developing tools to facilitate action, outreach, and women’s empowerment.
Our office is still accepting applications to join our Hawai‘i high school seniors internship program known as #SchatzSeniors.  Students interested in applying can fill out the application linked below and mail it to our Honolulu Office - Senator Brian Schatz, 300 Ala Moana Blvd. Room 7-212, Honolulu, HI 96850.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/documents/seniors_application.pdf
Over the weekend, Senator Schatz attended the MEDB Ke Alahele Education Fund Dinner and saw first-hand the work they do to advance science, technology and math education for our children.  Science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) programs are important investments for the future of  Hawai‘i and our country.  That is why earlier this year, Senator Schatz joined a bi-partisan group of Senators to request that STEM programs be fully funded in FY2014.  Making these investments will ensure our children will be better prepared for the jobs of tomorrow.
Meeting with The Rotary Club of Metropolitan Honolulu
Senator Schatz welcomed Defense Secretary Hagel to Hawaii, where he visited with service members at Marine Corps Base Hawaii.
Excellent work by the Army Corps in cleaning up ordnance from Waimea Elementary School.
I have been traveling across our state to meet with families and discuss the work that I’m doing in the Senate to protect Social Security and Medicare, make college more affordable, and create new clean energy jobs in Hawai‘i.  I am so pleased to meet with my friends and neighbors whose concerns and values I will bring back with me to Washington.
Thank you to the people at Kokua Kalihi Valley Comprehensive Family Services for a great visit last week! Watch Senator Schatz share a special moment with Nana Perpetua, who is 99 years old and a member of the Senior Program.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZ1P1GDZFa0&feature=youtu.be
MUST WATCH: Senator Schatz stopped by KITV studios this morning to talk Social Security, college affordability  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SQMyyWQLEA&feature=youtu.be
Senator Schatz is excited to announce the launch of a new Hawai`i high school internship program known as “Schatz Seniors”.  This is a unique opportunity for students to learn about the legislative process and the issues concerning our state.  Hawai`i high school seniors interested in serving as 2013-14 interns can apply by filling out the application linked below and mailing it to our Honolulu office.  For more information, please call (808) 523-2061 or email seniors@schatz.senate.gov. #SchatzSeniors
“Hawai‘i’s tremendous network of community health centers provide access to affordable, quality care to thousands of families across our state,” said Senator Brian Schatz. “Thank you to staff, providers, and patients at the Moloka‘i Community Health Center, Waimanalo Health Center, Kokua Kalihi Comprehensive Family Services, and Waianae Coast Comprehensive Health Center for taking time to discuss with me the successes and obstacles that each facility faces.”
"On Statehood Day, we acknowledge Hawaii’s diverse history, rich culture, & importance as part of the U.S. Have a great weekend, everyone. Aloha." -BES
NA
For National Health Center Week, Senator Schatz has been travelling the state and visiting with community health care providers. Here he is with Nana Perpetua, who is 99 years old and the most senior member of the Senior Program at Kokua Kalihi Valley Comprehensive Family Services in Honolulu.
“Social Security is the most successful antipoverty program in United States history--we need to be enhancing it, not undermining it.” -BES  On the 78th Anniversary of Social Security, read and share Senator Schatz and Senator Harkin's op-ed on enhancing and strengthening the program.   http://www.staradvertiser.com/editorialspremium/guesteditorialspremium/20130811_Making_wealthy_pay_more_would_allow_Social_Security_to_expand_benefits.html?id=219080541
Great to visit the Molokai Community Health Center. Mahalo to the providers and staff for their dedication to providing affordable and accessible quality care. -BES
Great to be on Maui and Molokai yesterday and today.  Looking forward to speaking at the Maui Native Hawaiian Chamber of Commerce event tonight.
Read the op-ed in today's Star-Advertiser from Senators Brian Schatz and Tom Harkin on why we must expand Social Security benefits.
Senator Schatz was one of three Senators that joined President Obama in the Oval Office for the signing of a bill that will lower student loan interest rates.  Sen. Schatz worked with President Obama to solve a big problem- reversing an increase in student loan rates that threatened students and Hawaii's middle-class and working families.
Today, I had the opportunity to discuss the Harkin-Schatz Social Security bill that will expand the program. The last thing we should do is cut social security benefits.  We ought to be enhancing and expanding the program, rather than undermining it.
WATCH Senator Schatz discussing sequestration and preparing for severe weather.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIzlGxf9EcE&feature=youtu.be
Had an opportunity to meet with President Obama this week and last week to discuss issues important to Hawaii families. I agree with President Obama that we need to grow our economy from the middle out and not the top down, and the only way to do this is to get rid of the sequester and negotiate a budget that will protect working families in Hawaii.
Happy 48th birthday to Medicare and Medicaid. Senator Schatz pledges to protect these programs, which seniors and families in Hawaii depend on.
With #Flossie approaching, being prepared is critical. See this guide my office created, and have an emergency plan.
Mahalo to Vice President Joe Biden and Dr. Jill Biden for visiting our state and spending time with our Hawaii military families today.
"I am honored to welcome Vice President Joe Biden and Dr. Jill Biden to Hawaii to meet with our troops and proud military ohana." -Senator Schatz
The Senate Appropriations Committee took a major step in approving $16.7 million for the East-West Center.  Thank you to Senators Mikulski and Leahy for working with me to secure this funding.  This is a big win for Hawaii.
WATCH Senator Schatz and Chamber of Commerce of Hawaii President-Elect Sherry Menor-McNamara discuss meeting with Majority Leader Reid and other members of Senate leadership to discuss job creation, tourism, development in the clean energy sector, and economic recovery.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgQivnDyQhM
Schatz Hosts President-Elect of Hawaii Chamber of Commerce at Senate Leadership Meeting
Today, Senator Brian Schatz announced that the Senate Appropriations Committee passed the fiscal year 2014 appropriations bill for Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.  The bill includes funding for several Native Hawaiian programs, including those related to health care and education.  This is a key step for securing critical funding to assist Hawaii families in tough budgetary times.
Taylor Kim has juvenile diabetes but juvenile diabetes doesn't have her! Check out her Taekwondo kicking Senator Schatz!
Students across the nation are struggling, and it is our responsibility to keep college within reach. #DontDoubleMyRate
While I’m working with my Democratic colleagues to make college more affordable and freeze student loan rates until we reach a compromise, Republicans are trying to profit off of students. SHARE if you are still paying your student loans and oppose the Republican plan.
Today, we passed immigration reform. For those of us who live in Hawaii, this has special meaning. What makes our state so special is the ability to welcome people from all over the world to make a thriving economy, culture, and community. This vote is consistent with our values – we understand that the American Dream is rooted in immigration.
Senator Schatz attended the President's landmark speech on climate change at Georgetown University today. Read about it here!  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=344180
The Supreme Court's decision to strike down Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act is a major setback for voting rights.  Congress must act quickly to make sure that the Voting Rights Act continues to stop discriminatory changes in voting laws. -BES
“Retail is critical to Hawai‘i’s economy, and we’ve got to do everything we can to help local businesses thrive."  Senator Schatz was named a Hero of Main Street!  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=344145
Star-Advertiser: Hawaiian Airlines and Sen. Schatz want interisland flights to be included in the PreCheck program  http://www.staradvertiser.com/newspremium/20130618__Fliers_may_be_able_to_keep_shoes_on.html?id=211940571&c=n
“The reason that I have chosen to carry forward this fight on behalf of Native Hawaiians is simple:  it’s right to seek justice,” said Senator Brian Schatz.   Watch highlights from his speech: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZKfB7faY6A
Senator Schatz will deliver a major floor speech today at 4:15am HST/10:15am EST on achieving fairness for Native Hawaiians.  Watch the speech live here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
My first vote as United States Senator was against the FISA Amendments Act because it failed to provide transparency, accountability and reasonable limits when the federal government conducts surveillance for intelligence purposes.  While I recognize that the FISA Amendments Act has helped to produce useful intelligence, I fear that we do not have a full understanding of the impact that this law has on the privacy of Americans. We need a comprehensive review of the FISA Amendments Act to ensure that Americans’ privacy and civil liberties are protected.
Over 2,700 constituents joined yesterday's tele-town hall with Senator Brian Schatz to discuss his commitment to Social Security and his opposition to chained CPI. 
Today, we lost a friend and colleague in the United States Senate, Frank Lautenberg. Senator Lautenberg was a WWII hero and progressive voice in the United States Senate who not only fought for the people of New Jersey, but for Americans everywhere.  Whether it was working to ensure universal access to affordable health care, or continuing his efforts to push for legislation that would keep guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals by casting one of his last votes on universal background checks while in a wheelchair, Lautenberg dedicated his life to fighting for working families across the country.  My thoughts and prayers are with the Senator’s family and close friends during this difficult time.  He will be greatly missed.
Hurricane season begins tomorrow. Talk to your family. Make sure you are prepared in case of emergency.  http://www.ready.gov/hurricanes
Yesterday the Senator recorded a great interview with KAOI radio on Maui. It airs today at 1 pm. Share this post to let your friends and family on Maui know to listen in!
Great visit to Kaunoa Kahului this morning! 70 seniors came to meet and discuss Social Security and Medicare with the Senator.
There are two things we need to do for Hawaii's students. First, we have to prevent the student loan rate from doubling on July 1 of this year. Next, we need to ensure that our young people are treated at least as well, from a borrowing standpoint, as Wall Street banks. This is why I'm working with Senator Warren on legislation to address these issues.
Civil Beat: Schatz Carries On Inouye Dream For Native American Memorial  http://www.civilbeat.com/articles/2013/05/24/19148-schatz-carries-on-inouye-dream-for-native-american-memorial/
“It is critical that we recognize [Native American veterans'] bravery and patriotism with a fitting memorial.” -Senator Schatz  http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/native-american-veterans-memorial-gets-legislative-push/2013/05/23/b8c545ee-c3e6-11e2-8c3b-0b5e9247e8ca_story.html
ICYMI: Today, Senator Brian Schatz introduced legislation to build a National American Veterans' Memorial on the National Mall.    “Every Memorial Day we honor the men and women who have served our country in the armed forces, and today’s legislation would allow for construction of a memorial on the National Mall so that people from across the country can honor the extraordinary contributions and sacrifices of our Native American veterans,” said Senator Brian Schatz.
Sen. Schatz voted today to arm states like Hawaii with the right to label foods that contain genetically engineer ingredients.    Schatz said, “I support this amendment because it would give consumers in smaller states like Hawaii the ability to access critical information about the food they are putting on their table.  I have and will continue to support initiatives that give consumers the tools they need to make these important decisions.”
Senator Schatz hosted his first Twitter Town Hall today with the help of Moms Rising. He answered questions on health care, women's health, and the state exchange.
NA
"Thinking and praying for the people of Oklahoma, who have experienced one of the worst tornadoes in the history of our planet ." -BES
"Sexual assault in the military is intolerable and tragic. This bill calls for tough, pragmatic and necessary changes and I fully support Senator Gillibrand’s efforts." -Senator Brian Schatz  http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/gillibrand-collins-boxer-johanns-benishek-gabbard-begich-blumenthal-coons-franken-hirono-mikulski-pryor-schatz-shaheen-hanna-sinema-joined-by-service-members-victimized-by-sexual-assault-in-announcing-bicameral-legislation-reforming-military-justice-system
MUST WATCH: Senator Schatz called for parity in federal policy for Native Hawaiians at an Indian Affairs Committee Hearing with Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzrJpLcktr0&feature=youtu.be
Had a chance to meet Her Excellency Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea, after her address to a Joint Meeting of Congress.
Today is National Teacher Day! Thank you to the incredible teachers across Hawaii, including retired teacher Senator Akaka, who have helped shape our kids' futures. Take some time today to thank a teacher.
In April, Senator Schatz co-sponsored legislation designating this week as Public Service Recognition Week. We now have a chance to honor the thousands of public employees serving communities in Hawaii. They include our fire fighters, food inspectors, public health providers, military personnel, and cancer researchers—to name a few. Please join Senator Schatz in taking a moment to thank our public servants this week.  http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/D?c113:1:./temp/~c1136lZvM1::
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.368559943248819.1073741830.357806137657533&type=1&l=a7b49e875d
Thank you to the staff, residents, and visitors at Pohai Nani for the tour and spirited discussion on Hawaii's future with Senator Schatz.
The Senator answered questions on his office operations, sequestration, and Medicare.
Senator Schatz spoke to a full house at the Ko'olau Senior Hui about protecting the benefits our seniors have earned.
Mahalo to Danny Akaka for a beautiful office blessing in Honolulu this afternoon. -BES
Today, the Senator stopped by the Maritime Ohana BBQ to talk about the importance of the waterfront to Hawaii's economy.
Today, Senator Schatz joined a bipartisan group of Senators, including Senator Bob Casey, urging the President to take steps to reduce the VA backlog.  "These brave men and women put themselves in harm’s way to defend our nation, and now we must keep up our end of the bargain and help them get back to fulfilling their hopes and aspirations." -Senator Schatz  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341581
Yesterday, Senator Schatz spoke at a hearing on President Obama’s FY 2014 Budget for Tribal Programs. Schatz thanked Kevin Washburn,  Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the Department of the Interior,  for supporting Senator Akaka’s bill that achieves parity for Native Hawaiians.  http://www.hawaii247.com/2013/04/24/schatz-praise-for-akaka-bill-support/
Schatz Joins Senate Colleagues in Opposing Cuts to Social Security, Veterans Benefits  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341532
The Senator with Maui County Council Member Michael Victorino and Schatz staff member and Maui girl Christiane Cardoza!
Today the Senator met with Mayor Caldwell of Honolulu in Washington to talk about efforts to ensure that rail receives full funding from the federal government.
Visited the Kawainui Marsh Wetland Restoration Project today! It helps protects the Windward side of Oahu from flooding and helps build up the habitat. This is a great example of how the federal and state governments can work to better the community.
DON'T MISS IT: Senator Schatz chairs first Energy Subcommittee hearing, highlights the amendments to the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhK9Nipf724&feature=youtu.be
Hawaii Delegation Partners to Expand Access to Affordable Care in Rural Areas, Neighbor Islands  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341407
NA
Today, Senator Brian Schatz joined Senator Jay Rockefeller and 17 other Senators in introducing The Medicare Drug Savings Act, which will protect seniors and reduce the deficit by $141.2 billion.  http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341403
I'm praying for those who were injured in today's explosion. Thank you to the local officials and first responders who rushed to the scene. -BES
On April 12th, students from  Hongwanji Mission School met Senator Schatz to talk about life in Washington, DC and what they want to do when they grow up.
Senator Schatz addressed his colleagues and witnesses at an Indian Affairs Committee hearing yesterday, highlighting the need for parity in federal law and policy for Native Hawaiians.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a-C1CH5jV8&feature=youtu.be
In town for their national conference, 4-H leaders met with Senator Schatz in his DC office today!
Don't miss KITV's coverage of Senator Schatz's bill to fulfill the promise of benefits made to thousands of WWII Filipino veterans.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7DmehHw9Kg&feature=youtu.be
Senator Brian Schatz and Congresswoman Jackie Speier today introduced legislation to right an unjust wrong in our nation’s past.   The Filipino Veterans Fairness Act (S. 690) would provide Filipino soldiers who defended the United States during WWII by with the full veterans’ benefits that they deserve.   http://www.schatz.senate.gov/record.cfm?id=341318
Senator Schatz had a great briefing with PMRF today.
Senator Schatz met with West Kauai community business leaders today to talk about how the federal government can help small businesses.
How Senator Schatz Can Help You!  Right after Senator Schatz took the oath of office on December 27, 2012, he immediately got to work opening offices and hiring a staff in Washington, DC, and Hawai‘i. Helping to bridge the gap between Washington and Hawai‘i is a great team of field representatives including Bryan Andaya (O‘ahu), Kari Luna Nunokawa and Helen Nielsen (Maui), Marlena Castro Dixon (East Hawai‘i) and Clyde Kodani (Kaua‘i). The office also has several caseworkers to help constituents. These are men and women who care deeply about Hawai‘i’s future and want to work to help its people. If you need help with a federal agency, plan on visiting Washington, or need help receiving benefits, contact Senator Schatz’s staff in the Honolulu Office at (808) 523-2061.
NA
