Read my op-ed on the Sen. Paul Simon #Water4World Act and why it was critical for Congress to pass it this week http://ow.ly/Gc6RB
Thanks to everyone, inside and outside of Congress, who helped promote & pass #Water4World Act https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efD-N2hkH00&list=UUkbixlNCxcKAffEhe3X5-lw
Check out The League of Conservation Voters 2014 Highlights video, talking about the need to #ActonClimate before it is too late. http://on.fb.me/1yYAPfw
Welcome home, Alan!
After five long years, Alan Gross touches down in the United States https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aTw7bQm2iU&feature=youtu.be
I’m overjoyed to welcome Alan Gross home after five long years in a Cuban prison. Alan’s supposed crime was that he provided Cuba’s small Jewish community with computer equipment to help them access the internet. I have pressed the Cuban government for years to release him. I and my staff visited him in prison in 2012 (pictured here) and again earlier this year. The expected announcement of opening the door with Cuba for trade, travel, and the exchange of ideas will create a force for positive change in Cuba that more than 50 years of our current policy of exclusion could not achieve.
Wishing everyone in Illinois and across the country a wonderful holiday season!   http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=b23bf69e-4074-4c3a-9eb8-30c5aa7b7d69
I am glad the Senate could pass a bipartisan bill I have worked on for the last six years on: The Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act. This bill will ensure that funding for access to clean water and basic sanitation gets to those who need it the most. Next stop for it: the President's desk. #Water4World
Sen. Paul Simon was ahead of his time on the importance of clean water and sanitation for the world’s poor. My bill, the Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act, would refine and establish key criteria to ensure our scarce foreign assistance dollars for water and sanitation are truly reaching the world’s most impoverished populations. #Water4World
Today is the last day to #GetCovered with quality health care coverage that begins on 1/1/2015. Locate your nearest open enrollment event here: https://getcoveredillinois.gov/
A great name choice for the orphaned sea otter pup at @shedd_aquarium. Welcome to Chicago, Luna #sheddpup  http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-shedd-otter-named-met-20141212-column.html
Glad to see the post office on 3349 W. 111th St in Chicago will be named after Fire Captain Herbert Johnson for his bravery and heroism
Our identity as Americans is based on ideas & values, not ethnicity or creed. It is what makes us unique #StateOfCivilRights
In one hour I'll convene my hearing on the #StateOfCivilRights & #HumanRights on the Hill. Stream it live here http://www.c-span.org/
This video will be shown at the #StateOfCivilRights and #HumanRights hearing at 2:30pm ET today. It shows excerpts of witness testimony that has put a human face on the issues the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Human Rights has considered in recent years.   http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=a7901d57-341e-4999-b684-73cc6d46b9e3
Tomorrow, I’ll chair an important Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights hearing on the #StateOfCivilRights & #humanrights in the United States. You can stream it live starting at 2:30pm ET / 1:30pm CT here http://www.c-span.org/
Read this piece from the Huffington Post on the truths behind worldwide access to water, sanitation, and why Congress should pass the Water For The World Act:   http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-schechtman/four-truths-about-water-a_b_6277798.html
A special thank you to Chicago nurse Janet Teasley, who is spending the holidays treating #Ebola patients in Liberia.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nel3m5f8HHk&feature=youtu.be
Enjoyed a thoughtful discussion on government and politics with Archbishop Carroll High School students this morning.
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the Capitol. Photo credit to the Architect of the Capitol.
When I first traveled to Africa, I wasn't looking for a global AIDS epidemic, but I couldn’t avoid it. In every country I visited, I saw more and more people who were doomed to die from this terrible disease—young people, old people, mothers and fathers with children by their side. At that point, there weren’t any drugs, at least not available to these poor countries. Today, things have changed. They have changed because of programs like PEPFAR and the Global Fund. Today is World AIDS Day, and I will continue to support health programs and policies that fight HIV/AIDS so that we can achieve the #WorldWeWant.
Today is National Rural Health Day and it is important to recognize the amazing work rural hospitals do for Illinoisans from Rockford to all the way down to Carbondale. I’ve always been a strong supporter of rural hospitals because of the critical services they offer and the important role they play in keeping Illinoisans healthy. Picture here is from May at a ceremonial groundbreaking for the renovation of Community Memorial Hospital in Staunton, IL.
#TBT to exactly 511 days ago, when the Senate passed a bipartisan comprehensive #immigration reform bill: http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=5d3e75e1-5d76-4009-8550-74103c737c35
Today is #WorldToiletDay and it is important to highlight how important toilets are to public health worldwide. Inadequate access to safe water and sanitation services sickens and kills thousands of children every day, and leads to poverty across the globe. In order to address this growing crisis, I joined Senator Bob Corker to introduce the Paul Simon Water for the World Act of 2014. This bill would improve access to clean water and sanitation around the world.
#TimeIsNow to fix our broken #immigration system
Today, I met with Chairman Ron Gidwitz of the Boys and Girls Clubs of America to hear about the impact its after school programs have had in communities across Illinois and the United States.
Today, I met with CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden to discuss the ongoing U.S. government response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa and measures taken to protect our citizens here at home. In order to eliminate the risk of this horrible virus in America, Ebola must be stopped at its source. The U.S. will continue to help in that effort.
The horrific attack at Kehilat Bnei Torah synagogue in Jerusalem is a senseless tragedy. Praying for peace.
The Child Care and Development Block Grant Program is the primary source for child care assistance in the United States. It serves 1.6 million children a month – 52,000 children in Illinois. Thankfully, the Senate passed this important bipartisan bill today so these children and their families will continue to have access to childcare and after-school services.  It will now go to President Obama for his signature.
When I visited Washington, Illinois nearly one year ago, the tornado damage I witnessed was some of the worst I had ever seen. It is truly amazing to see how far the town has come to rebuild what was lost #WashingtonStrong
Jane Byrne proved Chicago’s first woman mayor was unafraid to tackle the toughest problems. My thoughts go out to her family & friends.
Today marks one year since Sen. Al Franken and I introduced the Affordable College Textbook Act, a bill that would vastly expand the use of “open”, online textbooks and improve the affordability of a college education. Textbook costs can often be overlooked, yet these costs can often be a roadblock to a good, quality education. The below story highlights why Illinois students, and students nationwide, need the Affordable College Textbook Act to pass Congress. http://www.nwherald.com/2014/11/11/mchenry-county-college-bookstore-renting-out-textbooks-amid-soaring-costs/ad52xim/?page=1
Lane Evans made veterans’ concerns the cornerstone of his career.  While he served in Congress, there was no federal program for veterans that didn’t bear his mark. Renaming the Galesburg VA Clinic as the Lane A. Evans VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic is a fitting tribute to his lifetime of service. http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=37ee6cf0-8d39-4c4d-9740-0d34ef9a7386
It’s clear that for-profit colleges have one concern: their bottom line. Too many of these companies have stooped so low that they are willing to take advantage of the benefits veterans have earned under the Post-9/11 GI Bill. Congress must protect veterans and taxpayers from these predatory companies and close the 90/10 loophole. http://fortune.com/2014/11/11/gi-bill-for-profit-colleges/
On this Veterans Day, we pause to honor the brave men and women who have served Illinois and our country proudly. But it isn't enough to simply commemorate our veterans' service and sacrifice through words alone. Supporting and strengthening our veterans' access to health care, education, job training, housing and other services, is every bit about keeping the promise we made to our veterans.
Illinois lost one of its kindest, most caring public servants with the passing of my friend and colleague Lane Evans. We came to Congress together in 1982 and recall many of our common causes for veterans and serving in our downstate districts. Parkinson’s may have trapped his body, but never restrained his great spirit. Thank heavens for Lane Evans.
Though polio was eradicated in the United States over 30 years ago, this horrible disease still effects children worldwide who do not have access to the vaccine. A global movement has brought polio cases down 99 percent since 1988 and has saved 10 million people from paralysis. As we recognize #WorldPolioDay today, join the final push to #endpolio and protect the world’s children. http://www.endpolio.org/worldpolioday?gclid=CjwKEAjwzqKiBRCAydTZzOLi9CISJACm3irWOFM5NhVelCYvtfr0HlK4lRj17jHFszNBuUt5TowRaBoC9m7w_wcB
Happy to see that the University of Chicago is implementing initiatives aimed at expanding access to higher education for low-income students. Everyone deserves a chance at a fair shot at an affordable, top quality college education. It is what the American Dream has been built on. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/01/education/university-of-chicago-acts-to-improve-access-for-lower-income-students-.html
Stopped by Alton Steel today,  a great Illinois company that stands behind their workers and for American values. Discussed my bill, the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act, which rewards companies like these who keep jobs here in the United States and discourages companies from sending jobs and operations overseas. Pictured here with Rep. Bill Enyart.
#TBT to March when I had the opportunity to visit Ukraine with Senate colleagues amid mounting Russian aggression in eastern Ukraine. Pictured here at Maidan Square paying respects to those who were lost during peaceful protests for greater freedoms. Much has happened since then, but the United States position – and my own – has been unwavering in support of the Ukrainian people and their sovereignty.
Spoke at the Rally for Medical Research yesterday about the American Cures Act, my bill that will keep America at the forefront of biomedical research and breakthrough discoveries. Pictured here in the historic Kennedy Caucus Room in the Russell Senate Office Building.
The news of the CFPB lawsuit against Corinthian Colleges should be the end of the road for this shameful company. The Department of Education should immediately prohibit this for-profit college from enrolling new students and accessing federal student aid dollars. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/16/cfpb-corinthian-colleges_n_5832540.html 
Once more, E-Cigarette companies are taking moves right out of Big Tobacco’s old playbook by paying to put their products in the hands of celebrities in upcoming movies. With more kids using e-cigarettes – and data linking them to tobacco use – it is unconscionable that Big Tobacco can still pay to expose their dangerous products on the big screen. http://online.wsj.com/articles/coming-soon-to-theaters-near-you-e-cigarettes-1410748204?KEYWORDS=e-cigarettes
For the second time this year, Republicans in the Senate have stopped the #PaycheckFairness Act from advancing, obstructing a raise for the hard-working women in Illinois who deserve it.  Today’s vote makes clear one thing: the Senate #GOP will protect a millionaire’s salary rather than make sure a woman is paid her fair share.
“Do not let any calamity-howling executive with an income of $1,000 a day, ...tell you...that a wage of $11 a week is going to have a disastrous effect on all American industry." – President Franklin Delano Roosevelt  #RaiseTheWage
We will never forget the dark minutes, hours, days and months after the attacks on September 11, 2001. I will be holding a heavy heart today as I join the nation in remembering those that we lost, as well as honoring the first-responders who gave their lives to help others 13 years ago.
People should be judged on their performance, not by their gender. I support the Paycheck Fairness Act because of this principle. In Illinois, women are paid, on average, $11,596 less than their male counterparts. The Senate should pass the Paycheck Fairness to correct this issue and make equal pay for equal work a reality.
Attended a very moving Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in honor of the Fallen Heroes of 9/11 today. The Gold Medal is the highest civilian honor Congress can bestow. I'm seated here in Emancipation Hall with Senate colleagues.
Decisions like #CitizensUnited and #McCutcheon unleashed a tidal wave of special interest and corporate money into elections which has effectively silenced the voices of average Americans. Corporations don’t get married. They don’t raise kids.  They don’t care for sick relatives. And they cannot vote in elections or run for office. Corporations have the right to be heard, but they shouldn’t be able to use their enormous economic power to sway federal elections. That’s why I’ll be supporting S.J. Resolution 19, which would undo this damage.
Today, CVS followed through on their promise, and set out to prove what many of us already believe: that looking out for the long-term well-being of their customers isn’t just good for public health, it is also good business. I applaud their decision to halt all tobacco sales and thank them for their leadership on this issue. #OneGoodReason
I am standing for women and worker’s religious liberty and access to health care by supporting the #NotMyBossBusiness act. This bill is a good first step to #FixHobbyLobby. It will ensure workers at private companies can access the care they need without their boss interfering.
Best of luck to Jackie Robinson West as they play today in the 2014 Little League World Series. You make Chicago and Illinois proud.
I visited Pritzker Military Library in Chicago today to discuss the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act that passed with bipartisan support yesterday. The bill will help give our vets the health care services they deserve.
Congratulations to Steven Sanders, 9th through 12th grade band teacher at UIC College Prep, on his Fishman Prize for teaching excellence.
Today, I joined a discussion on college affordability in the Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee. Student loan debt has surpassed credit card debt in America. If Congress doesn’t act soon, we risk creating a generation of young people burdened by debt, unable to start their lives after school. I will continue to support and sponsor legislation that eases their burden.
On this day 49 years ago, Medicare and Medicaid were signed into law. Since then, these two programs have served the vital health care needs of millions in Illinois and across America. Happy anniversary to these two critical programs.
This morning, I’ll be voting in favor of the Bring Jobs Home Act. The bill ends taxpayer subsidies for moving costs when corporations ship jobs overseas and gives an additional 20% tax credit to companies who move production back to the United States. Let’s incentivize American businesses to keep production at home, and reward the companies that do.
It was great to meet  (from left to right) USA Paralympic champions Muffy Davis, Dr. Cheri Blauwet, Keith Gabel and Candice Cable today during the National Council on Independent Living’s rally on the National Mall. #ISupportCRPD
Stood by the Capitol reflecting pool today in proud support of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. People living with disabilities around the world should be afforded the same rights we’ve worked to provide here at home #ISupportCRPD
25 years ago as a Congressman from Springfield, Illinois, I reminded my House colleagues about why the wooden bat should always remain a part of America's past-time. http://www.nbcchicago.com/blogs/ward-room/How-Dick-Durbin-Saved-the-Wooden-Bat-217415711.html
In the coming days, the Senate will consider the President’s emergency funding request to help deal with the child refugee crisis at our border. Politics need to be put aside so a heartbreaking and awful situation can be addressed. http://ow.ly/zAQHi   
This teacher did her part to help students who were struggling with student loan debt at the for-profit college where she taught. Now, it’s time for Congress to do their part to help students buried in debt. http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/23/as-a-teacher-i-fought-predatory-for-profit-schools-from-the-inside/
When it comes to for-profit colleges, they will say anything to make students sign on the dotted line to take out a loan. Read about some the predatory marketing tactics they’ve used: http://www.stltoday.com/news/opinion/editorial-bottom-line-first-students-second-at-some-for-profit/article_040b8362-825b-544e-a816-9a17e8d031a1.html
Today, the Senate will hold a vote on the #BringJobsHome bill. I’ll be voting for it because our tax code should reward companies that stay in America and not the ones that ship jobs overseas.
Tune in here: http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2 to watch me speak about the need to stop the practice of corporate tax dodging
They’re going out of business, but that hasn’t stopped for-profit Corinthian Colleges Inc. from aggressively targeting veterans and servicemembers who too often don’t receive the quality of education they deserve from these schools and become buried in student loan debt. We can’t let this continue.http://www.marinecorpstimes.com/article/20140718/EDU/307180061/Colleges-sale-they-continue-recruit-bases
The White House took an important step to protect LGBT federal contractors from discrimination in the workplace today. I applaud the decision. Workers should be judged on their work, not sexual orientation or gender identity.
I believe women have a right to know if their bosses are going to pick and choose what goes into their medicine cabinets. I hope the Senate will consider a bill which would make sure women are notified about a company’s decision to deny preventative care #NotMyBossBusiness
As a father and a grandfather, it breaks my heart to see the child refugee crisis on the border. It is a human tragedy. Yesterday, I had the chance to visit some of the kids. I wish some of the critics of child refugees would spend an hour like I did yesterday. http://politics.suntimes.com/article/chicago/sen-durbin-says-border-kids-not-danger-illinois-citizens/mon-07142014-1012pm
Over the years, many for-profit colleges have put their bottom line ahead of their students. This Chicago Sun-Times editorial explains why the Department of Education should implement a strong Gainful Employment rule which will hold these companies accountable for exploiting their students. http://www.suntimes.com/opinions/28607262-474/for-profit-schools-cant-prey-on-students.html#.U8P9XBE98wo
This New York Times Op-Ed explains why a strong Gainful Employment Rule – and more federal oversight of For-profit schools –is needed to protect students from schools that leave them buried in debt with little to show for it. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/09/opinion/lessons-of-a-for-profit-college-collapse.html?_r=2
Alan Dixon was well-loved in the United States Senate, where his friendships reached across the aisle. Al and his brand of politics – honest and honorable – will be missed both here in Washington and at home in Illinois.
I come to the issue of immigration like most: with a family story. My mother was an immigrant to this country, brought here at the age of two from Lithuania. She landed in Baltimore and made her way to East St. Louis, Illinois, where I grew up, looking for opportunity. That’s my story. That’s my family’s story. But, it’s also America’s story. I hope House Republicans can realize that in the coming weeks, and call comprehensive immigration reform up for a vote. Eleven million undocumented immigrants and Dreamers have waited 365 days for their chance at opportunity. How much longer will they need to wait? The time is now.
This week marks the five-year anniversary of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act. This landmark bill gave the FDA authority to regulate the marketing of cigarettes, helping curb youth smoking rates dramatically in recent years. However, the fight against Big Tobacco isn’t over just yet. E-cigarette companies have taken a page out of the old playbook of Big Tobacco advertisers. The below link from Tobacco Free Kids demonstrates why we must continue to fight tactics aimed at hooking our youth to a deadly habit.  http://www.tobaccofreekids.org/tobacco_unfiltered/post/2013_10_02_ecigarettes 
The dream of a fair shot at an affordable college education has become a long shot for too many. I stood with Senator Elizabeth Warren and other Senate Democrats today urging Republicans to back the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act. This bill would help 1.7 million Illinoisans, currently with outstanding student loan debt, refinance their loans at lower federal interest rates. http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=deef14a7-2287-4a1d-a92f-99f1114e4e73
It’s a fact that for-profit colleges and universities account for 46 percent of all student loan defaults. I’ve met too many students who were lured into attending one of these schools, graduate with a worthless degree, then are buried in insurmountable amounts of student loan debt.  I will stand with students in demanding accountability for the actions of the for-profit college industry, will you?   Got to www.protectstudentsandtaxpayers.org now to add your name.
Pictured here are two of the young DREAMers currently enrolled at Phoenix Military Academy in Chicago, as well as other witnesses. I was fortunate enough to hear their stories and desire to serve the country they love so much. Allowing them to enlist in the armed forces will build a stronger, more inclusive, military, and is another reason why the House should pass comprehensive immigration reform. I am confident that Dreamers will soon have the chance to serve honorably in the armed forces. On that day America will be a stronger and better country.
#TBT to 2011 when Senator Mike Enzi (R-WY), Senator Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and I discussed #efairness bill. The House should act in 2014 to pass this bill.
From 2003 to 2012, United States investments towards the National Institutes of Health didn’t even keep up with inflation. The result was a 22 percent decline in real purchasing power in a single decade. Ten years ago, 30 percent of qualified NIH grant proposals were funded. Today it’s down to 15% – the lowest rate in history. I believe in #medprogressnow, which is why I introduced the American Cures Act. This bill would help preserve America’s global leadership in innovation and discovery by investing in breakthrough biomedical research, and by making that funding more predictable and less political.
This week I spoke on the Senate Floor to recognize World Immunization Week and the breakthrough research of Dr. Jonas Salk, who discovered the polio vaccine. Federal funding for innovative research, like Salk’s, has to be a national priority. Over the past decade, budget cuts have caused a sharp decline in investments in biomedical research.  In order to reverse that trend, I’ve introduced the American Cures Act. Let’s ensure America remains the world world’s leader in cutting edge biomedical research.   http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=fac61d26-4638-4cbe-9671-d917edd3970b
On this Earth Day, I am proud to come from a state that continues to lead the nation in utilizing forms of renewable energy. Last month a report by the World Wildlife Fund showed that 91 communities in Illinois have transitioned to 100 percent renewable electricity, representing more than 1.7 million people. From the suburbs of Chicago to Carbondale, Illinois’ communities are choosing a cleaner energy path and leading the nation in the process. To build on this tremendous work, I will continue to advocate for initiatives which focus on environmental protection and sustainability.  http://worldwildlife.org/press-releases/ninety-one-illinois-communities-powered-by-100-green-electricity
Think about this – In 1965 the United States spent more than 25 percent of its non-defense discretionary budget on research and development. That number is now down to 10 percent. As basic funding for breakthrough science is declining here, other countries are investing in it and attracting the brightest minds to come work overseas. If the United States is to remain the world’s leader in innovation and discovery, federal funding for medical research must be a national priority.   I have introduced a bill called the American Cures Act. This bill would provide steady, predictable increases in funding for the most promising biomedical research projects at America’s finest agencies and institutions. It’s time to reverse the trend of cutting back on medical research and make funding for it less political and more predictable.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OR5mWpNMKM  http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/videos?ID=cca316da-ee88-4d2d-84f5-74bca8c994c1
Every time I visit Scott Air Force Base I come away impressed. From the people who work there, the critical missions they carry out and the strong community support, it is clear Scott is one of our most important defense installations. As Chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I have the honor of showing the base’s great work to the Department of Defense. Last month, Air Force Chief of Staff Mark Welsh visited Scott and today I was there for a tour with the Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James. I hope both were able to see for themselves why I am always so eager to praise Scott.
Over the past few years there has been an explosion in the marketing of products called e-cigarettes which deliver a dose of the highly addictive substance, nicotine, just like traditional cigarettes.  But unlike traditional cigarettes, e-cigarettes - which come in candy and fruit flavors that appeal to children and young adults - are not subject to any federal restrictions.  They can be sold to kids and even be given as free samples. E-cigarette advertisements feature celebrities that show smoking as glamorous and even rebellious.   The following report, which I released yesterday along with ten of my colleagues, shows these tactics are straight out of Big Tobacco’s old playbook. Worse, recent reports – including one released by the CDC last year – are raising concerns that these devices may serve as a gateway to traditional cigarettes and the dangers that come with smoking. It’s time for the FDA to implement commonsense policies that prevent the marketing of e-cigarettes to kids before it’s too late.  http://www.durbin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve/?File_id=81d14ff7-f2f6-4856-af9d-c20c0b138f8f
Today is the seventh annual World Autism Awareness Day. Approximately one million people in the United States have autism, including 1 in 68 children. Autism is the fastest-growing serious developmental disability in the United States and costs the nation over $35 billion per year.   Everywhere I go in Illinois, I meet people whose lives have been affected by autism. Nearly 26,000 families in my state live with autism. Parents not only worry about getting the services they need for their children when they are young, they worry about how to care for their children as they mature into adults.   I met two loving parents in Illinois whose 20 year-old son is profoundly affected by autism and has struggled with significant behavioral problems. He was in a special education program at school, but his teachers didn’t know how to deal with his behavioral problems and he was suspended on numerous occasions. These parents love their son, and they worry every day about what will happen to him when they are too old to care for him.  This year, more children will be diagnosed with autism than with AIDS, diabetes, and cancer combined. Earlier this month, I introduced the American Cures Act, a bill that would enhance funding for future research breakthroughs, for conditions such as autism spectrum disorder.   In 2006, the Combating Autism Act was signed into law and then reauthorized for another three years in 2011. This law authorized $1.7 billion for autism research, services, training and monitoring by the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Health Resources and Services Administration. I have introduced legislation to reauthorize these programs, which would provide a full array of medical, behavioral, mental health, educational, and family care services families across the country.     It’s time now for Congress to renew and build on the commitments it has already made to help the millions of families across the nation struggling with autism. Let’s pass commonsense legislation, like the American Cures Act and reauthorize the Combating Autism Act.
Congrats to the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum in Chicago, IL for being selected by the Institute of Museum and Library Sciences as a finalist for the National Medal for Museum and Library Service, the highest honor granted to museums.
When we were young #TBT
Food stamps feed hungry families and millions of children. We should support this vital program
We can create 240,000 jobs if we renew unemployment insurance
The War On Poverty expanded access to education and gave everyone a chance at success
Today I spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the importance of helping struggling families as they look for work.
Last month, Congress failed to extend unemployment insurance for those still trying to find new work. Nearly 82,000 individuals in Illinois and 1.3 million individuals nationwide abruptly lost benefits between Christmas and the New Year. With the unemployment rate at 8.7% in Illinois, and nearly 11 million Americans are unemployed it’s unconscionable for Congress to let unemployment benefits lapse. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to extend a helping hand for struggling families when we vote later this morning.  It is time for Congress to address growing economic disparities and step one should be working together to pass an extension of unemployment insurance to provide a helping hand up to those still trying to recover from the great recession.
Joined U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and Senator Jack Reed this morning for a discussion on reducing student loan debt.
The Illinois health insurance marketplace is open and ready to help get you and your family covered. This law has already begun to change the lives of millions of families for the better. Are you ready to get covered? I’ve signed up for my health care coverage through the marketplace and I hope you’ll do the same. Whether you are currently uninsured, or just looking for new options, visit Get Covered Illinois or call (866) 311-1119 to learn more about the plans offered in the Illinois marketplace. To ensure coverage by January 1st, you must sign up by December 23rd. So visit or call today.
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would mean up to 129 million Americans with pre-existing conditions could be denied health coverage or charged higher premiums just because of their health status when they shop in the individual market. More than 5 million Illinoisans, over 750,000 of which are children, currently have a pre-existing condition like heart disease, cancer, asthma, diabetes or high blood pressure. Under the Affordable Care Act, those Illinoisans cannot be denied coverage or charged higher premiums due to pre-existing conditions. Let’s help Illinoisans and all Americans take advantage of the benefits of the Affordable Care Act. Find out more how the Affordable Care Act prevents insurance companies from denying coverage due to a pre-existing condition here:
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would cause 105 million Americans to lose access to free and recommended preventive services covered under healthcare reform. More than 3 million Illinoisans have already received coverage for preventive services at no out-of-pocket cost thanks to the new law. Just last year, nearly 1.3 million Illinois seniors received preventive services like cancer screenings and flu shots under Medicare through the Affordable Care Act. It will also be easier for kids to start leading healthy lives now that insurers are required to provide vision and hearing screenings and recommended immunizations. And women with new health care plans are now entitled to preventive services like free breast cancer screenings. Find out more about the preventive care the Affordable Care Act requires insurers to provide here:
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] – Following a phone call with Director of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency, Jonathon Monken, to receive an update on the devastating storms that hit Central and Southern Illinois, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) said on the floor of the U.S. Senate that the resulting widespread damage that will require coordinated local, state, and federal resources to address.
Proud to join 60 of my colleagues today in voting to #PassENDA &end #LGBT discrimination in the workplace.
On my way to Ames, Iowa for an immigration forum with Senator Tom Harkin. Watch here at 10 AM CT: americasvoiceonline.org/livestream
Like many Americans, I am the child of an immigrant. In 1911, 102 years ago, my grandmother came to this country with three little children. One of those children was my mother.  She was two years old. My grandmother didn’t speak a word of English, but somehow she managed to make her way to East St. Louis, Illinois, where she joined my grandfather. On my desk in my office is my mother’s naturalization certificate, which I keep as a reminder of where I’m from. I’m sure that my grandmother never imagined that one of her grandchildren would one day serve in the United States Senate. That is my story. That is the story of America.
NA
For almost 50 years, the Voting Rights Act has protected minority populations from discrimination at the ballot box, whether in the form of poll taxes, literacy tests or voter identification laws and discriminatory redistricting. We need look no further than the last election cycle to understand the ongoing importance of the Voting Rights Act. Today’s ruling by the Supreme Court is a major setback for the voting rights that courageous Americans have fought for generations to protect. Now, Congress has a responsibility to respond promptly by taking legislative action addressing voting discrimination and inequality. As chairman of the Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights, I will be holding hearings to address this troubling decision by the Supreme Court.
After a spike in gun deaths in Chicago over Father’s Day weekend, and just six months after the tragic shootings in Newtown, Connecticut, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the United States Senate Floor regarding the continuing toll of gun violence in America.
Over the years, my most significant concern with the Patriot Act has been Section 215, which can be used to obtain sensitive personal information of innocent Americans without any connection to a suspected terrorist or spy. Last year, the government filed 212 Section 215 orders – an increase from 21 orders in 2009. I want to ensure that the government can obtain the useful information we need to stay safe, but still protect the privacy of innocent Americans.
Maria came to the United States from Mexico when she was eight years old and settled in Los Angeles. She graduated tenth in her high school class with a 3.9 grade point average, and was accepted by every college she applied to. Maria decided to live at home and attend UCLA. She rode the bus to and from school every day, a two and a half hour commute each day. While she was a full-time student, she worked to clean houses and baby sat to help pay for her tuition. She graduated from UCLA with a major in sociology and a minor in public policy. Maria had always dreamed of becoming an architect, so she enrolled in a Masters of Architecture program at UCLA, where she was the only Latino student in the program. Last year, Maria received her master’s degree in architecture and urban design. In her letter to Senator Durbin, she said: “Like the thousands of other undocumented students and graduates across America, I am looking for one thing, and one thing only: the opportunity to give back to my community, my state, and the country that is my home, the United States.”
Erika Andiola was brought to the United States from Mexico when she was eleven years old. She grew up in Arizona and enrolled in Arizona State University. Although the state of Arizona later passed a law prohibiting public universities from giving financial aid or in-state tuition to undocumented students, Erika persevered and graduated with honors from Arizona State with a bachelor’s degree in psychology, which she dreams of using one day become a school counselor. Erika is now serving her community as the District Outreach Director for U.S. Representative Krysten Sinema.
Carlos was brought to the United States when he was only 9 years old. After graduating ninth in his class at Cholla High School in Tucson, Arizona, Carlos enrolled at the University of Arizona. Even though he had never owned a computer, Carlos loved math and eventually graduated with a bachelors of science in Computer Engineering with minors in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, and Spanish. Although Carlos received job officers from top tech companies, he couldn't work because he was undocumented. Instead, he enrolled in a master’s program at the University of Arizona, where he completed the two and a half year program in just a year and a half, and was nominated for the University of Arizona Graduate School Centennial Award, given to the school’s top graduate student. Thanks to Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), Carlos will finally be able to work in his field. In a letter Carlos wrote to Senator Durbin, he said, “It was the best news [of] my life. Finally I would be able to work as a software engineer or own [a] business and create jobs.”
Pierre was brought to the United States by his parents from Peru when he was a child. He didn’t speak a word of English when he first arrived in Carrollton, Texas, but he worked hard and quickly became fluent. He excelled academically and was accepted into the Academy of Biomedical Professions in his high school. In 2006, Pierre was accepted at Harvard College, where he is now working on his second degree. In addition to working on his masters degree, Pierre is active in his community. Pierre works at Renewal House, a domestic violence shelter in Boston, and founded the Restorative Justice Collaborative to help victims of violence in the Boston community. Because of his volunteer work, Pierre was awarded the Thomas E. Upham Scholarship, which is given to an outstanding Harvard graduate student committed to public service, and just a few weeks ago, he was honored with Harvard’s Presidential Public Service Fellowship.
Issac Carbajal was brought to the United States from Mexico by his mother when he was just five years old.  He and his mother settled in a suburb of Portland, Oregon. While he was in high school, a military recruiter told Issac that he could have a promising career in the Armed Forces, and that he could enlist in the military and apply for citizenship two years later. In January 2011, when Issac went to San Diego to enlist, he was immediately arrested, turned over to ICE, and deported to Tijuana the next day. Issac was dropped off alone in a country he hadn’t seen in almost 15 years with no identification and nothing but $18 in his pocket.  And now he is barred from returning to the United States for 10 years. Although it has been almost two and a half years since he was deported to Mexico, Issac still dreams of serving his country in the Armed Forces. Our comprehensive immigration reform bill would give Issac the chance to apply for legalization and serve the country he loves.
Alejandro Morales was brought to the United States from Mexico when he was just seven months old. He was raised in Chicago, in my home state of Illinois. Alejandro’s dream is to become a United States Marine.  So he enrolled in the Marine Math and Science Academy, where he excelled in school and in the Young Marines program.  He eventually rose to become the City Corps Staff Commander, the highest ranking cadet of the 11,000 Junior R.O.T.C. cadets attending Chicago Public Schools. In a letter to me, Alejandro wrote, “I want to serve and fight to protect my country.  I am an American; I know nothing but the United States.” Will America be a stronger country if we deport Alejandro to a country he barely remembers or if we allow him to serve in the Marines, defending the country he loves?
Over the years, we have made serious efforts to pass comprehensive immigration reform, but we have never been able to succeed. I believe this time is different. The bipartisan bill the Judiciary Committee approved yesterday is the product of months of negotiations and weeks of debate. This bill reforms a badly broken immigration system by strengthening border security, reforming our legal immigration system and creating a tough but fair path to citizenship. Yesterday’s committee passage is an important step toward real and lasting reform. To those who feel Congress is broken, the bipartisan majority in the Senate Judiciary Committee gives me hope that immigration reform is the indication of a new day. I look forward to next month’s debate before the full Senate and to seeing this bill pass Congress this year.
I joined USAID Administrator Shah today to announce a new and ambitious water strategy based on Water for the World Act. With coordinated, global action and U.S. leadership, we can change the conditions that keep billions of people imprisoned in poverty. Thanks and congratulations to my partners in this effort and champions of water issues: U.S. Senator Chris Coons, Senator Bob Corker, Senator Johnny Isakson, Representative Earl Blumenauer, and Representative Ted Poe.
The way to douse the flames of global poverty, disease and conflict is not more fire, it is clean water.
In Part Two of this installment of Dick Durbin's "Capitol Report: A Different View," Senator Durbin speaks with retired Senator from Indiana, Richard Lugar, about his accomplishments on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and some of his most memorable experiences abroad.
In Part One of this installment of Dick Durbin's "Capitol Report: A Different View," Senator Durbin speaks with retired Senator from Indiana, Richard Lugar, about his path from Indiana to the United States Senate.
I am working with the Illinois delegation to support Governor Quinn's request for federal aid to Illinois communities, like Marseilles, impacted by last month's flooding.
In Marseilles, Illinois with Mayor Smith and the US Army Corps to take a firsthand look at recovery efforts after last month’s flooding.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), Chairman of the Senate’s Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, spoke today about the critical role Scott Air Force Base has played in ongoing military actions around the globe at a hearing on the Air Force’s FY2014 budget request today.
In a hearing examining the Air Force’s fiscal year 2014 Budget, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), Chairman of the Senate’s Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, raised concerns about the amount of Defense Department Tuition Assistance funding going to for-profit colleges that often deliver questionable outcomes.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), Chairman of the Senate's Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, expressed his deep skepticism of the base closure commission process at a hearing on the Air Force's FY2014 budget request today, and called on the Air Force to share an accounting of the net savings from past base closures.
NA
NA
America needs all the talented minds we can find to rebuild our economy—and that includes the millions of Americans with autism and other disabilities.  We can’t afford to let old stigmas, myths, and fears about disability deprive us of people who can help build a stronger future. As we mark World Autism Awareness Day, let’s continue our work to end discrimination and increase opportunities for people with autism in Illinois, across America, and around the globe.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the United States Senate Floor before a vote in which 75 U.S. Senators showed their support for the Marketplace Fairness Act of 2013 which would allow local brick-and-mortar retailers to compete more effectively against out-of-state internet sellers.  An amendment summarizing the bill – which was introduced in February – was added to the FY2014 Budget Resolution which is currently being debated on the Senate floor.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) met with members of the National Association of Community Health Centers where he was presented with the Distinguished Community Health Leadership Award.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the Senate floor about the bipartisan, bicameral Marketplace Fairness Act of 2013 which will be filed as an amendment to the Budget Resolution.
[WASHINGTON, DC] U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on "The Future of Drones in America: Law Enforcement and Privacy Considerations."
[WASHINGTON, DC] After reviewing a Government Accountability Office report completed at his request, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the United States Senate Floor about the need for more work to be done to enhance the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)'s adverse event reporting system and to ensure that consumers who use dietary supplements have the information they need to make healthy, informed decisions.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) hosted members of the Illinois Congressional Delegation and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel at the first bipartisan Illinois Congressional Delegation Luncheon of the 113th Congress.
[WASHINGTON, DC] U.S. Senator Dick Durbin spoke on the floor of the United States Senate before an important procedural vote on Secretary of Defense nominee Senator Chuck Hagel.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke  at a news conference with a bipartisan group of Senators and Representatives to announce the introduction of a bill that resolves the differences between bills introduced in the Senate and the House of Representatives last Congress that would allow local brick-and-mortar retailers to compete more effectively against out-of-state internet sellers.
Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin (D-IL) chaired a hearing today of the Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights that examined how proposals being considered in the Senate to reduce gun violence are both constitutional and common sense.
I have been honored to invite soldiers who have served in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars as my guests to the State of the Union since 2005 when I hosted Army Major Tammy Duckworth. I am so proud that she will be attending tonight’s address not as my guest, but as a member of the United States Congress. I am also proud to have Sergeant First Class Pedro Ortiz-Ramon from Chicago, Illinois, with me this evening. He has given so much in service to our nation. I think it is only fitting that he is here tonight to be a part of this special moment in our nation’s history – the State of the Union address. I am humbled by his service and honored to introduce him to my Senate colleagues and have him as my guest this evening.
NA
At today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, I asked National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre if he agreed with the view that citizens need firearms to protect themselves from our government. James Johnson, Chief of Police of the Baltimore County Police Department, also responded.
Chicago honor student Hadiya Pendleton was shot and killed on Tuesday. I told her story at today’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence.
Senator Dick Durbin met with Mayor of Peoria, Jim Ardis, to discuss economic development and regional transportation issues, including the possible extension of Amtrak service to Peoria.
[WASHINGTON, DC] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin questioned Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton at a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
[WASHINGTON, D.C.] - U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) today honored the life of Baseball Hall of Famer and St. Louis Cardinal Stan Musial, who passed away on Saturday, January 19.
