UPDATE: The President has signed the bill creating Rhode Island's first national historic park, along the Blackstone River.  Proud to have led the effort in Congress to get this done - great news for RI!  http://www.providencejournal.com/news/government/20141220-obama-signs-bill-for-national-park-along-the-blackstone-river.ece
It’s official: my plan to create the new Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park has been approved by Congress.
Some Navy fans tried to redecorate my office in advance of tomorrow’s big #ArmyNavy football game. GO ARMY!
Exciting news for Rhode Island families today.  I worked hard to make this federal funding available, and I’m glad RI has the chance to expand educational opportunities for our youngest students:
Ash Carter is a strong choice for Secretary of Defense.  He brings vast experience to the Pentagon, having served as Deputy Secretary of Defense, among other roles at the Pentagon, as well as extensive experience in the private sector and academia.   Ash is an effective leader who has demonstrated a firm sense of integrity and sound judgment throughout his career in public service.  His command of national security policy and his commitment to our men and women in uniform will serve him well as our next Secretary of Defense.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee to ensure Ash receives a fair and expeditious nomination process.
With the U.S. Supreme Court today hearing oral arguments in a pregnancy discrimination case of Peggy Young v. UPS, I am calling on Congress to better protect working pregnant women across the United States.  Today, the Court heard the case of Peggy Young, a United Parcel Service (UPS) package driver who was forced off the job while she was pregnant, when she requested a temporary light-duty position.  The case could determine whether and when the landmark Pregnancy Discrimination Act requires an employer to make reasonable accommodations for a pregnant worker out of a medical need.  I am a cosponsor of the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (S. 942), which would strengthen the rights of pregnant workers to request accommodations during their pregnancy without fear of retribution.  The bill’s goal is to ensure employers make reasonable accommodations to help women stay on the job if they choose to work while pregnant.  Regardless of the outcome of the Supreme Court’s decision, most Americans agree that a woman shouldn’t have to choose between her job and her pregnancy.  Congress should work together and pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act to sensibly update the law and ensure all women have the opportunity to work during pregnancy.  Adopting these types of reasonable accommodations to enable pregnant women to stay on the job makes good sense for businesses, families, and our economy.  Our nation’s economic health and physical health are strengthened by smart, family-friendly policies that meet the needs of working mothers.
The Blackstone Valley is a national treasure that deserves to be preserved.  For years, I have led the effort to have the area recognized as a national historical park.  Today I'm happy to share some news that I've successfully attached two key public lands initiatives for Rhode Island to the National Defense Authorization Act, which should be approved by both houses of Congress by next week.  The bill includes my Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park Establishment Act to establish a new unit of the National Park System along the John H. Chafee Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor.    The Blackstone River Valley is the birthplace of the American Industrial Revolution and includes thousands of acres of beautiful, undeveloped land, and waterways that are home to diverse wildlife, cultural sites, and numerous recreational opportunities for Rhode Islanders.  Today we took an important step toward permanently preserving these nationally significant sites for future generations.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!  Thankful for my family, our troops, and the opportunity to represent the great state of Rhode Island.
The President's announcement tonight is an interim step towards fixing our broken immigration system.  We still need bipartisan, comprehensive #immigration reform to address this issue for the long-term.  My statement:
Glad to see the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2014 signed into law today by the President.  I am proud to support this bill, which will make national improvements in child care access, quality and affordability.  For many Rhode Island families, child care is their single biggest household expense.  Making child care more accessible and affordable for working parents and ensuring safe, enriching learning environments for kids is a smart investment that builds a strong foundation for future academic success.
Today we pause to honor our nation’s #Veterans.  We reflect on their uncommon courage, and express our enduring gratitude for their sacrifices.   Please join me in celebrating our men and women in uniform, as well as their families.
Interested in learning more about the college financial aid process?  Join me in Warwick on Monday, November 10th at 6pm for a free workshop with financial aid experts:
This week, I joined Mayor Angel Taveras and other officials to help cut the ribbon and celebrate the grand opening of Providence Emergency Management Agency’s (PEMA) new, expanded Emergency Operations Center in Providence.   The new state-of-the-art facility will house a regional emergency training center and strengthen first responders’ ability to respond to natural disasters and other emergencies.  I am proud to have helped secure $2 million in federal funding for this $2.75 million, 9,000 square foot facility to help keep Rhode Islanders safe.
Water connects us all.  Ample access to clean, safe water is essential to our health.  And ensuring the health of Narragansett Bay is essential to both our environment and the economy.   That is why I worked so hard to launch the Southeast New England Coastal Watershed Restoration Program.  With the help of $2 million in federal funding I secured in the most recent Appropriations law, this new program will help lead a regional approach to restoring and protecting our water quality, watersheds, and coastline.   This week, I joined with EPA and state officials and representatives from the Narragansett Bay Estuary Program in Newport to celebrate new partnerships that are being formed between various stakeholders in both Rhode Island and Massachusetts to work together in the protection and restoration of our shared waters and resources.  This collaboration is critical because larger scale ecosystems like the Bay need a coordinated effort to achieve water quality goals.   Again, water connects us all and the water that runs through our streams, ponds, rivers, and the Bay is all connected.  Safeguarding it takes teamwork, commitment, and smart investments.  The Southeast New England Coastal Watershed Restoration Program may only be a drop in the bucket, but it is a good place to start and I will continue to do everything I can to preserve and protect our waters.
After helping to provide $24.9 million in federal funding to build the Virginia Payload Tube Facility in Newport, I was pleased to help cut the ribbon at the new facility this week.  Naval Station Newport, the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, and the Naval War College help make Rhode Island one of the premier places for undersea research and development, testing, engineering, and fleet support for submarines.   I am proud to have supported this project, and the many others that illustrate why the hard work of the Rhode Island defense industry is critical to national security and our economy.
Today I welcomed the new Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Julian Castro, to Rhode Island for a close look at how federal investments are being put to work creating jobs and opportunities for more Rhode Islanders, as well as improving neighborhoods and helping low-income families become more self-sufficient.   I took the Secretary to Central Falls, where HUD is one of the key federal agencies assisting city officials like Mayor Diossa to jumpstart a revival of economic development in the city.    We also announced more than $944,000 in Family Self-Sufficiency funds will be flowing from HUD to housing agencies across the state, and unveiled a new $24 million HUD “Jobs Plus Pilot” program, both aimed at helping public housing residents develop the skills and experience necessary to obtain employment, increase their earnings, and achieve economic independence.
Congrats to the people of Providence and Mayor Angel Taveras - Providence has been named America's Favorite City for 2014 by Travel + Leisure magazine!  http://www.travelandleisure.com/articles/americas-favorite-cities-2014
I stopped by CNN State of the Union yesterday to discuss the latest on the international fight against ISIS. Watch here:  http://sotu.blogs.cnn.com/2014/10/05/destroy-isis-without-u-s-ground-troops/
In Warren this morning to help cut the ribbon at the new Hope & Main food business incubator.  The Rhode Island food economy is taking off, and Hope & Main will help chart its future.   I'm proud to have supported this important project from day one.  Here's a look back at how we got here: http://bit.ly/1lUBnBT
Wearing pink today to help mark the start of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. #ThinkPink
I stopped by Rhode Island Mushroom Co. today.  Thanks to Bob & Mike for showing me around and explaining how to grow the perfect mushroom.    A lot of great restaurants and farmers markets serve and sell their mushrooms.  It is good to see a local business that is growing from the ground up and creating sustainable jobs right here in Rhode Island.    Check them out online: http://www.rimushrooms.com/
The U.S. Department of Commerce made an exciting announcement today for the City of Newport and the entire state.  Commerce is awarding a nearly $1.7 million grant to the Development Council of Newport to help establish a technology business incubator that will foster start-ups.    This new tech business incubator will help diversify and energize our economy, further cementing Aquidneck Island as a key hub for research, development, technology, and innovation.     The innovation center will be a great resource for the business community and budding entrepreneurs.  It will help harness some of the high wattage institutional brain power we have in the area -- from Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island and the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, to the University of Rhode Island – and foster new partnerships to help launch high-tech ventures.  In addition, organizers estimate that this project will create more than 100 jobs.   I'm proud to have supported this project and will continue to encourage this type of collaboration to help spark new ventures, and accelerate the commercialization and deployment of new products and concepts, while jumpstarting the RI economy.
Today, we pause in solemn remembrance in honor of all the 9/11 victims, survivors, first responders, rescue and recovery workers whose lives were forever changed that day.  They will be forever in our hearts.  Our country came together that day, and we must strive to move forward with that same sense of purpose and unity: Never forget and never stop trying to make the world a better, safer place.
Tonight, the President made a clear, compelling case that denying ISIL safe havens will require a targeted, smart, and sustained multi-national effort.   Like many Americans, I am skeptical of deeper military involvement that could lead to an open-ended conflict.  I don’t want to see more U.S. combat troops on the ground because I think that is what ISIL wants: to try to bog us down in a bloody and costly fight that helps them recruit more terrorists.  Indigenous forces on the ground are going to have to step up.   This President’s deliberate and thoughtful strategy ensures we will not repeat the mistakes of rushing into ground combat as we did in Iraq in 2003.  Instead, he developed a comprehensive strategy that includes our allies in the region, together with the force of our diplomatic power, intelligence capabilities, and targeted military might.
College students deserve a #Fairshot at an affordable education.    Federal student loans are supposed to be an investment in helping individuals reach their potential and strengthening our communities, not a revenue generator for the government.  So one of the ways I am trying to help is by allowing student loan borrowers with high fixed rates to refinance at a lower rate.  Today, I joined with U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and students from around the country in urging Congress to pass the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act.  Senator Warren and I co-authored this bill to ensure that this generation and future generations of Americans have opportunities to develop their talents and pursue their dreams in order to secure a brighter future for themselves and our country.  This bill would help an estimated 88,000 Rhode Island families and I hope we can soon get an up or down vote on this critical issue.
I am proud to have led the federal effort to help upgrade TF Green Airport (PVD).  The airport is a catalyst for economic development throughout the state.  Extending the runway will open up new opportunities for tourism and job growth, and help connect Rhode Islanders to more destinations.  Yesterday, I was joined by U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx and FAA Administrator Michael Huerta to celebrate the progress being made.  They have been tremendous backers of this effort and I’m grateful for their support of these vital improvements.
Today I had the opportunity to show U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel around Rhode Island.  We met with several business leaders, service members, suppliers, and folks throughout the defense industry who make important contributions to our national security.    The Ocean State is home to top-notch military installations like the Naval War College and Naval Undersea Warfare Center along with our Guard and Reserve units.  And our workers and manufacturers help make everything from next generation submarines and high-tech naval systems, to clothing and equipment used to identify threats and keep our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines safe from harm.    Rhode Island is poised to play an even greater role in our national defense.  And I agree with Secretary Hagel that one of the keys to accelerating that growth is innovation.  At SENEDIA’s Defense Innovation Days summit, Secretary Hagel noted that “private sector expertise helps give our military its technological edge and helps drive the economic strength that undergirds our national power.”  I am committed to strengthening partnerships between the U.S. military and Rhode Island’s private sector and academic community to develop new maritime equipment and cybersecurity technology to enhance national security.    I will also work hard to continue advancing the Rhode Island-based production of high-tech submarines that will help strengthen our nation’s defense capabilities.  These jobs and the workers who perform them make a real difference, for Rhode Island and the nation.
I am pleased to help welcome Condor Airlines to TF Green Airport (PVD) starting next summer.  This new international service will give Rhode Island travelers a direct, affordable connection to Frankfurt and Europe. And it should help make Rhode Island a more popular destination for European tourists and businesses looking to expand to our shores.    As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I have helped direct an estimated $110 million federal investment to upgrade TF Green, which is key to helping attract new business, jobs, and tourism to Rhode Island.
Congrats to the Newport Fishermen’s Cooperative and all the fishermen and lobstermen who have come together to successfully launch the Newport Lobster Shack Kitchen on State Pier 9.  This endeavor is really their vision supported by their investment of time, hard work, funding, and resources.  I hope it will be a boon to their businesses and continues to draw even more people to the Newport waterfront to enjoy some locally caught, fresh, off-the-boat-fresh lobster and seafood.  I'm proud to have worked with our lobstermen over the years to secure federal funding for lobster gear exchanges and an ongoing lobster data collection project led by the Commercial Fisheries Research Foundation.  I am also pleased to announce that the U.S. Department of Commerce will be providing another $190,000 in federal funding for URI, in cooperation with the Rhode Island Lobsterman’s Association and others, to design and test new types of lobster and crab gear.
It was great to join the Rhode Island Alliance for Retired Americans today in North Providence for a forum on Social Security and Medicare.   Nearly 220,000 Rhode Islanders receive Social Security benefits and I remain committed to ensuring both Social Security and Medicare remains strong for seniors today and for future generations.
Today I had a chance to tour the Trauma Division and Burn Center at Rhode Island Hospital and thank the amazing doctors and nurses who provide outstanding care to Rhode Islanders in their time of need.  In an effort to strengthen our trauma and burn care infrastructure, I passed a new law, the Improving Trauma Care Act (now Public Law No: 113-152) to update the federal definition of trauma to include burns and ensure that trauma and burn care are better integrated.   Special thanks to Dr. William Cioffi, Dr. David Harrington, the Providence Fire Department, and the American College of Surgeons for their tireless leadership and advocacy and for helping to make this bill a law.
I spoke with Wolf Blitzer yesterday on CNN The Situation Room to discuss the latest developments in Iraq and Syria:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xaWL-Y8p6c
I joined Governor Lincoln Chafee, Warwick Mayor Scott Avedisian, and other state and local officials today to celebrate the start of construction on the Apponaug Circulator Project in Warwick.    Last year I worked with my colleagues to secure a $10 million federal TIGER grant to support this critical infrastructure project, and I’m glad to see the work get under way.  The project is designed to produce long‐term benefits for the economy, the environment, and the traveling public by transforming a congested and outdated urban circulator system into a more efficient, accessible and sustainable facility for the City of Warwick.
Rhode Island artists, designers, and musicians took center stage today as I led new National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) Chairman Jane Chu on an “Art Works” tour of Rhode Island.   Arts and culture are crucial to our state’s economy and the quality of life for all Rhode Islanders.  The NEA has been a critical partner in investing in creativity and innovation here in Rhode Island.  NEA-supported projects have helped local artists showcase their talents and given more people of all ages an opportunity to enjoy the arts, enriching our communities and paying cultural and economic dividends.
I may have lost the road race, but I enjoyed my time at the Calcutt Middle School Block Party in Central Falls today.  Great to see the hard work these students have done this summer earning recovery credits in math, science, and literacy.  Thanks to their teachers, the folks at the The Center for Dynamic Learning, and the entire community for including me in today’s festivities.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbpNQXhkpeY
Completed the #IceBucketChallenge today with the help of the RI Chapter of The ALS Association to help #StrikeOutALS.   Calling all Rhode Islanders: It's your turn! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxInaAVlZAk&feature=youtu.be
Sat down with Andrea Mitchell today to discuss the latest developments in Iraq on Andrea Mitchell Reports:  http://www.msnbc.com/andrea-mitchell-reports/watch/iraq-instability-raises-international-concerns-317195843769
Members of the Liberian community in Rhode Island are collecting supplies for friends and family affected by the Ebola outbreak in Africa.  Please consider helping if you can.  Information on needed supplies and drop-off locations are available here: http://bit.ly/1pezBMt
Had a great meeting today with Rhode Island oyster farmers, restaurant owners, environmental officials and other shellfish enthusiasts for a discussion about the state’s growing aquaculture industry at Matunuck Oyster Bar.  Restaurants from all over are clamoring to get Rhode Island oysters on their menu, and we want local farmers to have every opportunity to grow their businesses and expand their customer base. This important, sustainable RI industry is good for the environment and good for our economy.  Special thanks to Perry Raso for allowing me to get in the water with him for an oyster farming tutorial from one of the best in the business!
Had a delicious visit to Daniele, Inc. in Burrillville to discuss Rhode Island’s food economy and get a tour of their new, state-of-the-art $60 million charcuterie factory.  The facility, which is nearing completion, will be the largest and most modern plant of its kind in the world.  Daniele Inc. is a third-generation, family-owned business that has been operating in RI since 1976, creating world-class products and more than 350 jobs.   I commend the Dukcevich family, not only for successfully building their business, but for their commitment to our community.  We want to do everything we can to keep businesses like Daniele, Inc. in Rhode Island and help them grow.  I am working on a number of fronts to ensure companies like this can succeed, including trying to boost exports and make Rhode Island a regionally integrated, sustainable food hub.
I continue to press for bipartisan action to #RenewUI.  3.5 Million+ American jobseekers still need these emergency unemployment benefits to be restored, and I will not stop working to try and help those in need.  The House Republican leadership’s failure to act on the bipartisan, Senate-passed bill to #RenewUI, and unwillingness to submit their own plan for consideration, is inexcusable.  I will continue advocating for common sense solutions to improve our economy, accelerate job growth, and give all Americans a fair shot at building a better future for themselves, their families, and our community.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih8ImaLN2q8&feature=youtu.be 
Appreciate your service and dedication to the nation!
Proud to launch the bipartisan Hidden Heroes Congressional Caucus for Military and Veteran Caregivers today, co-chaired by Leader Pelosi, Senator McCain, myself and Congressman Jeff Miller, along with the support of former Senator Elizabeth Dole and the Elizabeth Dole Foundation.  Just as so many brave Americans have made extraordinary sacrifices in service to our nation during times of war, so too have millions of family members and friends, especially those who have taken on the additional role of caregiver for their wounded warrior.    I salute their commitment, compassion, and resilience.  Caring for our veterans extends beyond clinical expertise and touches the heart.  I pledge to work with my colleagues in the Hidden Heroes Congressional Caucus to ensure these men and women have the support and resources they need.
Being smarter about how we use energy can help consumers and taxpayers save money, create jobs, and help counter climate change.  Today, I joined the Lyons family in Rumford and National Grid as they conducted a no-cost energy audit to help improve their energy efficiency by identifying simple changes property owners can make to improve efficiency and increase their energy savings.  Working together to improve energy efficiency is a good way to strengthen our economy while preserving our environment too.
Surfs up! Free parking, salt water fishing & @RIPTA_RI bus rides to state beaches this Sunday, July 27 to celebrate Bay Day 2014.
Today I had the privilege of honoring Army veteran Percy S. Wilson, 95, of Mapleville for his service to our nation during World War II.  On behalf of all Rhode Islanders, I thank Percy, his family, and all our veterans for their sacrifices.
Operation Stand Down is hosting a job fair for all RI veterans today at CCRI in Warwick.  More than 50 employers looking to hire Vets will be on hand.  Please spread the word!  http://www.providencejournal.com/business/content/20140723-operation-stand-down-hosting-job-fair-thursday-for-r.i.-veterans.ece
We need to do everything we can to help responsible homeowners.  Today I sent a letter urging the Federal Reserve to divert leftover funds from the Independent Foreclosure Review (IFR) to the Hardest Hit Fund RI, which is in need of additional foreclosure prevention funding.    It is critical that the federal government, in partnership with state and local agencies, employs every tool in its arsenal to help homeowners avoid foreclosure and get back on their feet.  If there are leftover funds, we are ready to put that money to good use in Rhode Island.  Read the letter: http://www.scribd.com/doc/234782583/Reed-Letter-to-Fed-Chair-Yellen-Comptroller-Curry-on-Residual-IFR-Funds
We know that there will be more job opportunities to help build submarines at Quonset.  We need to make sure that the Rhode Island workforce is ready to fill those jobs.    So I was proud to join New England Institute of Technology President Richard Gouse, local shipbuilding and manufacturing employers, and other elected officials today to launch a new Shipbuilding/Marine and Advanced Manufacturing Institute (SAMI).  SAMI was developed in partnership with Rhode Island employers who have a demand for skilled manufacturing and shipbuilding workers including machinists and welders.
I'm cosponsoring the #BringJobsHome Act to help bring jobs home to Rhode Island and give all U.S. workers a #fairshot.    This bill provides a tax credit for companies that bring production and jobs back stateside, and closes a loophole that currently allows companies to deduct moving costs when they ship jobs overseas.  We should be exporting American products, not American jobs.
Like many of you, I have been monitoring reports that a Malaysian Airlines commercial airplane, bound for Kuala Lumpur from Amsterdam and carrying 295 people, was taken down today near the border between Ukraine and Russia.  We don’t want to speculate, we have to gather the facts.  The United States has offered our assistance to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and will do everything we can to help determine the causes leading to this tragedy.    Our heartfelt sympathies and condolences go out to all the families and friends of those killed in this terrible incident.  Every possible effort is being made to get to the bottom of this and hold the attackers accountable.
Did you know skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in the United States?  It’s also preventable.  That’s why I’m teaming up with the Rhode Island Department of Health and the Comprehensive Cancer Center at Rhode Island Hospital this summer to spread the word on skin cancer prevention and detection.  Together, we launched the “Sun Smarts” campaign, offering free skin cancer screenings at local beaches around the state this summer.  Our goal is to help catch cases of skin cancer in their earliest, most treatable stages and educate the public about effective sun protection.  For more information and a schedule for free screenings, check out: http://www.scribd.com/doc/232893671/Schedule-for-Skin-Cancer-Screenings-at-RI-Beaches-2014
Today at the iconic Narragansett Towers, we gathered to discuss the $2.58 million in grants that have been secured to repair historic structures and landmarks in Rhode Island that were damaged by Hurricane Sandy.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I was glad to deliver this federal funding for more than 20 projects in 10 communities across Rhode Island, including grants to help repair the roof of the Towers and other distinguishable structures around the state that are part of our identity and remind us of our collective past.   This funding will help preserve RI’s history for generations to come while building a more sustainable future.
It was an honor and a privilege to be on hand as 21 new Americans took their oath of citizenship at McCoy Stadium before we enjoyed America’s national pastime: baseball.   These individuals worked hard to learn the rights and responsibilities of citizenship and now they are officially part of our country, our history, and our future.
Rhode Island is a small state, but we all take big pride in our communities and this great nation of ours. Happy 4th of July!
Happy 238th birthday, America! As we celebrate our freedom and independence today, here's wishing everyone a safe, happy, and dry, 4th of July!
Helped kick off the Providence Summer Meals Program today with Angel Taveras, USDA Under Secretary for Food & Nutrition Kevin Concannon, former Patriots tight end Jermaine Wiggins, and a host of community partners.  Kids should enjoy their summer vacation, but we don’t want them taking a break from good nutrition.  This program brings children together in a positive environment, gives them a chance to get a nutritious meal, and keeps people working throughout the summer.  I am proud to support federal funding for the Summer Food Service Program.  It is a smart investment in the health of our communities, and will offer more than 312,000 free, nutritious meals this summer to students in need thanks to the combined efforts of federal, state, and local governments along with non-profits and local businesses.  Rhode Islanders wishing to learn more about the program should call the National Hunger Hotline toll free at 1-866-3-HUNGRY or visit: https://www.ride.ri.gov/cnp/NutritionPrograms/SummerFoodServiceProgram.aspx
Public transportation helps drive our economy. Investing in Ripta pays dividends for our communities and helps connect more Rhode Islanders with jobs and opportunities.  Today we launched the new R-Line, which combines RIPTA's two highest-used bus routes in the state, Routes 11 and 99, into a single Rapid Bus route which will offer passengers faster, higher-quality service. I'm pleased to have helped secure $6 million in federal funds to make this possible for Rhode Island commuters.
Thanks to the Rhode Island Science & Technology Advisory Council, the Rhode Island Commerce Corporation and all the RI entrepreneurs who came out to our Business Innovation Forum today.  Together, we can make #RI a great place for entrepreneurs to start and grow a company, and help more small businesses launch cutting-edge ideas here at home.
Hope & Main, Rhode Island's first full-service food business incubator, is set to open its doors this summer in Warren.  Check out this video to learn about how this project came together, and what it means for the future of Rhode Island’s food economy:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQNVwQN1zag 
I'm pleased the Senate voted 95-3 today to pass the bipartisan  Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA). The bill aims to improve workforce development and help more Rhode Islanders access 21st-century job opportunities.  Here is my floor statement from earlier today on WIOA and our latest bipartisan effort to #RenewUI:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlK05kYm6DY&feature=youtu.be
Congrats to #RI’s Irish step dancing master Kevin Doyle for winning a National Heritage Fellowship from National Endowment for the Arts, our nation's highest honor in the folk arts.  Kevin is an elite artist with a common touch.  He makes Irish step dancing look easy, but he is someone who has poured many years of hard work, sweat, and soul into honing his craft.  I think it is great that he is being recognized on a national stage and making Rhode Island and our Irish-American community proud.  http://arts.gov/honors/heritage/fellows/kevin-doyle
Job seekers aren't giving up & neither are we. Here is a summary of the new Reed-Heller bill to #RenewUI:
Celebrating the christening of Engine 13, a new foam pumper truck to help protect Providence and the surrounding area from marine and petro-chemical fires and other industrial emergencies.  I am pleased to have helped secure federal funding for this public safety investment.
Today we celebrate World Refugee Day.  I’m proud RI welcomes refugees and helps them adjust to life in the U.S. #wrd2014
Congrats to 12 year old Kinnan Dowie for winning the First Lady's Healthy Lunchtime Challenge!  Kinnan will represent Rhode Island at a Kids’ “State Dinner” at the White House hosted by Mrs. Obama on July 18th.  His winning recipe - Mediterranean Kebab Wrap with Cilantro Tabbouleh – sounds delicious and nutritious!   http://eatdrinkri.com/2014/06/20/news-bites-rhode-island-boys-recipe-wins-white-house-state-dinner-invitation-senator-reed-summer-food-service-program-amos-house-lunch-series-cooking-classes/ 
Stopped by CNN's Erin Burnett OutFront last night to discuss the latest in Iraq.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsovbsC-v0o&feature=youtu.be 
In an effort to better protect and educate consumers, I joined Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) Director Richard Cordray and local librarians today at Johnston’s Marian J. Mohr Memorial Library to announce a new partnership to improve financial literacy in Rhode Island.  The partnership, to be run through public libraries across the state, seeks to broaden access to financial education tools and assistance to consumers on topics ranging from managing credit card debt to student loans.  Financial literacy is a lifelong endeavor, and that is why libraries are the perfect partners for expanding access to financial literacy resources in our communities.  The CFPB is the nation’s first federal agency with the sole focus of protecting consumers in the financial marketplace.  If you have a complaint or problem with a financial product or service, learn how CFPB can help: http://www.consumerfinance.gov/complaint/
Wishing a Happy 239th Birthday to the U.S. Army. Thankful today and every day for all those who serve. #ArmyBday
Appeared on Andrea Mitchell Reports this afternoon to discuss the latest developments in Iraq.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fe9Lr0EPsQ&feature=youtu.be
Happy to join Community College of Rhode Island (CCRI) today to announce a $2.5 million federal grant to create new pathways and opportunities in advanced manufacturing.  CCRI's Accelerated Pathways in Advanced Manufacturing program emphasizes a “learn and earn” model that provides opportunities for adult learners to acquire new knowledge and skills that are linked with jobs in high-growth industries.
Honored to spend this 70th anniversary of D-DAY with World War II Navy Veteran Louis Gautieri Jr., 87, of Johnston, who joined the Navy when he was just 18 years old.   I held a ceremony today in Mr. Gautieri's honor and presented him with the military awards he earned while bravely serving our country.   We are reminded today of the uncommon courage and extraordinary selflessness of our World War II veterans like Mr. Gautieri, who humbly exemplify why we call theirs ‘the greatest generation.’
I hope the students and teachers from Jamestown's Lawn Avenue School enjoy the rest of their visit to our nation's capital.
Yesterday's USS Illinois keel laying ceremony with First Lady Michelle Obama and Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus was a great tribute to the men and women of the US Navy and Rhode Island's defense industry.  See photos from the event:
Welcoming First Lady Michelle Obama, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus and officials from Connecticut and Illinois to RI today for the USS Illinois keel laying ceremony at Quonset.  Today’s ceremony will be a celebration of the skill and effectiveness of Rhode Island's defense workers, and their great contributions to our national security.  Watch the event live here: http://www.turnto10.com/category/256832/msnbc-live-video
Congress must work together on a bipartisan basis to confront the systemic challenges that plague the Veterans Administration.   See my full statement: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEalwakS_mg&feature=youtu.be
Honored to accompany the President to his speech today at my alma mater, West Point - The U.S. Military Academy
I was happy to welcome U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski to RI today. Sen. Mikulski is the longest serving female senator in U.S. history and Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, which annually allocates and steers federal funds to states and federal agencies across the country.  Sen. Mikulski joined me, Governor Chafee, and Warwick Mayor Scott Avedisian at T.F. Green to get a firsthand look at how RI is effectively leveraging federal dollars to complete critical projects like modernizing the airport and upgrading local transportation infrastructure to spur economic development.  During a visit to Providence ¡CityArts! for Youth, with Sister Ann Keefe, we also discussed the importance of federal investments in the arts for community, education, and economic development.  ¡CityArts! serves over 1,200 youth in afterschool and summer arts programs, offering learning experiences in visual art and design, performing arts, and creative writing.
We're forever grateful to the men and women of our Armed Forces who sacrificed everything on our behalf. #MemorialDay
A quick reminder on proper flag etiquette for #MemorialDay: http://www.legion.org/flag/code
Great to see the Scituate Middle School Spartans in our nation’s capital!
Got a running start this morning! Thanks to ACLI, Shalane Flanagan and all the runners and volunteers who came out today to support #Veterans at the Capital Challenge.
I spoke on the Senate floor today to urge the House Republican leadership to take action on the bipartisan #RenewUI bill that was passed by the Senate 43 days ago.  http://youtu.be/E8zJCIBIacA
Visited Westerly today to announce nearly $1 million in federal funds that have been secured to clean up and restore Winnapaug Pond after it was filled with sediment during Superstorm Sandy.  http://www.providencejournal.com/breaking-news/content/20140519-1-million-awarded-for-sandy-related-dredging-in-westerly.ece
NA
We need effective, sustainable housing finance reform.  This is an incredibly complex issue and getting GSE reform right is absolutely critical.  Chairman Johnson and Ranking Member Crapo have done a commendable job in bringing forward the bipartisan proposal of Senator Warner and Senator Corker.       While this legislation has resulted from a conscientious and collaborative effort, I am still concerned it could drive up mortgage rates and borrowing costs, put taxpayers at risk, and give big banks an unfair advantage at the expense of consumers and smaller community lenders.     We need a system that is fair, stable, and resilient.  I have worked hard to put a stop to the deceptive and unsafe lending that contributed to the mortgage crisis.  But this proposal could actually make it harder for responsible, credit worthy middle-class families to secure a 30-year fixed mortgage.    We’ve made bipartisan progress strengthening regulatory oversight, but we need to do more.  We clearly need to move beyond Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  The status quo is unacceptable and we must move forward in a responsible way that protects taxpayers.    You wouldn’t buy a house without first carefully inspecting it and examining not just the architecture, but the plumbing and wiring.  So I will continue to look closely at the operational details of housing legislation, and I remain committed to working with Chairman Johnson, Ranking Member Crapo, Senators Corker and Warner, and our colleagues to strengthen our housing finance system.
#TBT to my West Point graduation in 1971.   Today’s students deserve a #fairshot at an affordable college education.   Hear more about my plans to improve college affordability and reduce student debt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJnfwTokAbc
Happy Mother’s Day! We simply can’t thank moms enough for all their love, patience, & sacrifice.
Thanks to The Center for Dynamic Learning for hosting me today.   I enjoyed seeing firsthand some of the experiential learning programs in the arts, sciences, and manufacturing that CDL offers.  As we prepare today’s students for the jobs of tomorrow and build a workforce that can compete globally, programs like these are critically important.
Went to check out the progress this morning at Hope & Main, where founder Lisa Raiola is working to transform a 100-year-old shuttered school building on Main Street in Warren into Rhode Island’s first full-service food business incubator.  During my tour, I talked with folks (and sampled some tasty treats!) from The Backyard Food Company and Matt’s Magic Brownies about how this new facility will help local entrepreneurs collaborate, grow their operations, and get technical assistance to cook up exciting new business ventures and turn their ideas and recipes into commercial success.   Look for the grand opening this summer!  I was also pleased today to announce a $30 million grant opportunity for local food enterprises.  To learn more about the newly-expanded Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program (FMLFPP), head over to my web site: reed.senate.gov
Please help spread the word: On Saturday, May 10, letter carriers in Rhode Island and across the country will participate in the 22nd annual “Stamp Out Hunger” food drive.  If you’d like to help out, all you have to do is place a sturdy bag filled with non-perishable food items near your mailbox by 8 am on Saturday, May 10.  Your letter carrier will pick it up and deliver it to the RI Community Food Bank and local food pantries, with the help of volunteers.  Together, we can help stamp out hunger in Rhode Island.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week!   Please remember to take a moment to #ThankATeacher for working so hard to give our children a brighter future.
The Providence Journal editorial: Electric Boat Boost  http://www.providencejournal.com/opinion/editorials/20140504-electric-boat-boost.ece
Today I was joined by state and federal wildlife officials at Riverside Park to celebrate the new Providence Parks Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership.    This program is designed to help boost recreation and environmental education opportunities for more Rhode Islanders, particularly young people.  Providence was chosen by the US Fish & Wildlife Service (USFWS) as one of the first Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships nationwide to receive federal funding.
Today I got a chance to present 90 year old Army veteran John F. Anderson of East Greenwich with the medals he earned as a gun crewman during World War II.  During World War II, Mr. Anderson was a Corporal serving in the Northern African and European theatres, including Southern France and Rhineland, as a member of Battery B 112 Anti-Aircraft Artillery Battalion.  On behalf of Americans everywhere, I extend my heartfelt thanks to Mr. Anderson for his distinguished service to our nation. He has earned not only these medals and military honors, but our enduring gratitude.
Today I announced the winners of my 2014 annual High School Arts Competition, which celebrates the artistic and creative talents of young people across Rhode Island.    This year’s statewide competition drew over 50 entries from 19 different public, private, and parochial high schools.   Now in its 24th year, the annual arts contest is cosponsored by the Rhode Island Art Education Association and the Warwick Mall.  An awards ceremony for the artists, their teachers, and families will be held this weekend at the Warwick Mall at 6 p.m. this Sunday, May 4.  Click below to see this year's winners!
It has been 25 days since the Senate passed bipartisan legislation to #RenewUI, and the House has yet to act.  Today, Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) and I urged the House leadership to allow a vote on our bipartisan bill, which would provide temporary, targeted help for more than 2.79 million Americans, including 12,000 Rhode Islanders, who have lost access to emergency unemployment insurance since the program was cutoff on Dec. 28th.  Senator Heller and I will continue working to restore this critical economic lifeline. The House should act without further delay.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4BLctozj7o&feature=youtu.be 
Spent some time this morning with members of the Rhode Island Association of Fire Chiefs and Foundation - I deeply appreciate the leadership, commitment, and faithful service of our Fire Chiefs and firefighters.
It was great to catch up with students from Providence's Sophia Academy during their visit this week to our nation's capital.
The Senate should vote this week to #raisethewage to $10.10. See how raising the minimum wage will help Rhode Island families and our economy:
I sat down with WPRI.com's Ted Nesi and Tim White today to tape Newsmakers. Click below to see our discussion:  http://wpri.com/2014/04/25/newsmakers-42514-u-s-senator-jack-reed/
I was glad to join the Center for Southeast Asians in RI for their New Year event in Providence this afternoon.  CSEARI is doing great work to promote and improve family engagement, child literacy, and early childhood education in our state.
Raising the Armenian flag in North Providence this morning in honor and remembrance of survivors and those who were killed in the 1915 #ArmenianGenocide.
Happy #EarthDay! I'm recycling these words of wisdom from Dr. Jane Goodall:
YOU'RE INVITED: Please join me & US Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz at the RI Convention Center in Providence on Monday, April 21 for a discussion about New England’s energy infrastructure needs and challenges.  The event is open to the public and will include an open mic session for the public to comment on issues related to the Quadrennial Energy Review.
Today, I join with all Rhode Islanders in mourning the loss of an extraordinary woman, Nuala Pell.  She had a timeless elegance and charm and was just a beautiful person.    It was truly an honor to know both Nuala and Claiborne Pell.  I will be forever grateful for their enduring friendship, leadership, and devotion to our great state.  Together, they touched so many lives and helped so many individuals.   Nuala Pell worked hard to give others opportunity and she did it with incredible grace, decency, and compassion.  A civic leader in her own right, Nuala was a spirited champion of the arts, education, and public service.  Her lifetime commitment to service and generous contributions to our community will continue to impact countless lives.   I extend my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Nuala Pell.  Her legacy of kindness, generosity, and working to expand opportunity for others will continue to live on.
The U.S. Senate today finally passed a bipartisan bill to #RenewUI and provide millions of American job seekers with some targeted, temporary relief.   Restoring emergency unemployment insurance is the right thing to do and this is a critical moment to get it done. The bipartisan bill Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) and I crafted is a fiscally responsible compromise that will help save and create jobs, assist our neighbors in need, and improve both our short-term and long-term national economic health.  As of today, over 2.35 million Americans have been cut off from unemployment insurance, including 8,700 Rhode Islanders and 227,249 veterans across the country.  I urge the U.S. House of Representatives to quickly take an up or down vote and I will continue to work in a bipartisan fashion to get this done.
Thanks to everyone in Mr. Bonitati’s 6th grade class at Gilbert Stuart Middle School for having me!  It was a great discussion.  I admire your focus on civic engagement and public service.
On Saturday, April 5, I am hosting a U.S. Military Service Academy Day for high school students from across the state.  The event will run from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon at the Community College of Rhode Island (CCRI) in Warwick.    This informational seminar is open to all high school students and their parents who are interested in learning about the requirements and procedures for seeking a Congressional nomination and obtaining an appointment to one of the United States Service Academies.
We need to get our country back to full employment -- to a place where all Americans have an opportunity to earn a living and build a better life for their families.  We have the resources to achieve this.  The question is: will the minority in Congress listen to the majority of the American people?    With your help, I believe they will.  See how restoring emergency unemployment insurance will impact your state:
It was great to join President Obama at the White House today to celebrate the Red Sox 2013 World Series championship.    The Red Sox are a great organization.  I want to particularly thank the Red Sox Foundation's Home Base Program for their efforts to help me pass the Joining Forces for Military Mental Health Act, to help connect more veterans in New England with high quality mental health services.
The Senate just took step 2 in the multi-step march to finally passing #RenewUI. Here’s the procedural road map to final passage:
It is always an honor to welcome Rhode Island’s World War II veterans to our nation’s capital.  Saturday, I was privileged to be joined by former Senator Bob Dole (R-KS), a courageous WWII veteran, as we greeted over 20 World War II veterans from Rhode Island.  The group traveled from Rhode Island to Washington, DC on a trip sponsored by the Honor Flight Network and the Rhode Island Association of Fire Chiefs.  I was proud to salute these veterans, hear their stories, thank them for their service, and show them the national memorial built in their honor.
It's not a matter of if, but when #RenewUI will pass the Senate.   Please keep up your support for the bipartisan Reed-Heller compromise. Here’s a primer on the path forward:
The U.S. Senate just voted 65-34 to advance my bipartisan Reed-Heller bill to reauthorize emergency unemployment insurance (UI) benefits for 5 months.  We need to do everything we can to improve our economy and put more Americans back to work.  Today’s bipartisan vote was a step in the right direction, but it is unconscionable that millions of Americans have had to wait this long for Congress to act and there is no reason this bipartisan solution should be further delayed.  The votes are there for final passage in the Senate.  People are hurting and need this emergency assistance.  I thank Senator Heller and our bipartisan co-sponsors for their thoughtful and persistent leadership on this issue and hope we can get final passage without further delay.
Calling all young, aspiring RI chefs!  First Lady Michelle Obama has once again issued the Healthy Lunchtime Challenge, and she’s looking for kids between the ages of 8 and 12 to work with their parents or legal guardian to create an original, nutritious lunchtime recipe that is healthy, affordable, and tasty. This nationwide recipe challenge seeks to promote healthy school lunches, so recipe entries should represent each of the food groups, either in one dish or as parts of a lunch meal, including: fruits, vegetables, whole grains, proteins, and low-fat dairy foods.   The winner from each state will be invited to a White House Kids’ “State Dinner” this summer. Last year, Samantha Mastrati, a 12-year-old from Cranston, was selected as the winner from Rhode Island for her recipe for Italian garden salsa with crunchy chicken tenders.  The deadline for entries is next Wednesday, April 5. For more information or to submit a recipe, visit: http://www.recipechallenge.epicurious.com/enter/method 
The bipartisan Reed-Heller #RenewUI bill will help more than 2.79 million Americans, including 12,000 Rhode Islanders.   I went to the Senate floor yesterday to discuss the urgent need to move forward with a vote and deliver relief to millions of job seekers who are currently struggling to make ends meet without the safety net unemployment insurance provides.   It has been 87 days since unemployment insurance was cutoff on Dec. 28th. American families can’t afford to wait any longer. We're continuing to push hard to get this bill through the Senate and convince House Republicans that this is the right thing to do for the economy and for working Americans who lost their job through no fault of their own. We will continue doing everything we can to get this done.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45uO40MJa28
Congrats to Mike Reppucci and the team at Sons of Liberty Spirits Co. craft distillery for earning the title “World’s Best” flavored whiskey for their seasonal Pumpkin Spice Whiskey at the World Whiskies Awards.   It is great to see Rhode Island made products and local businesses being recognized for excellence on the world stage. Cheers!  http://www.providencejournal.com/features/food/content/20140324-local-rhode-island-whiskey-wins-world-s-best-award-in-london.ece
I joined Brigadier General John Adams (U.S. Army, Retired), Scott Paul, President of the Alliance for American Manufacturing (AAM), and local business leaders yesterday for a summit on manufacturing, national security, and job creation.  American economic power and military might depends on a strong domestic manufacturing foundation. Rhode Island is poised to play an increasingly important role in that manufacturing base, and I want to help accelerate manufacturing job growth in the Ocean State and attract more manufacturing jobs and investment to Rhode Island.  I am proud of Rhode Island’s manufacturing heritage and the nearly $4 billion it adds to our economy every year. Our state is now home to 1,765 manufacturers employing 59,092 workers, and we need to work hard to ensure those numbers continue to rise.  You can watch video from a portion of yesterday’s event online: http://m.ustream.tv/channel/aam-town-halls
I was happy to be joined by Elizabeth Burke Bryant, Executive Director of Rhode Island KIDS COUNT, and other RI child care advocates today at the Beautiful Beginnings Child Care Center in Providence to discuss efforts to improve child care quality, affordability and safety in Rhode Island.  Ensuring working parents have access to high-quality, affordable child care is essential to our economy. For many families, child care is their single biggest household expense. Making child care more accessible and affordable for working parents and a safe, enriching learning environment for kids is a smart investment.
It's been 75 days too long, but we finally have a bipartisan breakthrough to restore emergency UI for 5 months to help job seekers and boost our economy.   There are many good people looking for work and I’m glad we’re finally able to reach bipartisan consensus on a way forward.   Here are some details of the compromise agreement to #RenewUI.
Had a chance today to meet with Special Olympics RI athlete Carlos Rivera and Project Unify partner Sebastian Zuleta, as well as their teacher and coach, Katie Gomes.   These athletes take a lot of pride in not just competing, but helping and encouraging others to do their best.  I’m proud of the great work Special Olympics RI continues to do every day and I will continue to support their efforts.
On Monday, April 21st, 2014, President Obama and his family will host the 136th annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House.  This year’s theme is “Hop into Healthy, Swing into Shape,” and more than 30,000 people are expected to participate. In addition to Easter egg rolling, the event will feature live music, sports, cooking stations and storytelling. The day’s activities will also encourage children to lead healthy, active lives in support of the First Lady’s Let’s Move! initiative.   Tickets for the White House Easter Egg Roll are provided free of charge and will be distributed via an online lottery hosted on www.recreation.gov  The lottery opened this morning and will close on Monday, March 10 at 10:00 am.  I encourage interested Rhode Island families who are planning a visit to our nation’s capital on April 21 to enter the lottery for a chance to take part in this annual tradition. 
The Dalai Lama opened today’s Senate session, saying:  “With our thoughts we make our world. Our mind is central and precedes our deeds. Speak or act with a pure mind and happiness will follow you, like a shadow that never leaves.  May there be joy in the world, With bountiful harvest and spiritual wealth. May every good fortune come to be, And may all our wishes be fulfilled.  As long as space remains, And as long as sentient beings remain, Until then, may I too remain And help dispel the misery of the world.”  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVXhyvgXf-E 
Helping job seekers is a cost effective way to boost our economy.  Yesterday, I filed a new bill, the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2014, to restore unemployment insurance for six months, retroactive to December 28th.  The expiration of emergency unemployment insurance has already hurt more than 2 million Americans -- including 8,000 Rhode Islanders – and set back our recovery by sapping billions of dollars from the national economy.    I believe in the dignity of work and it is time for Congress to start working together to help save and create jobs.  Reauthorizing UI would be a bipartisan step in the right direction.
http://www.nationaljournal.com/congress/is-there-a-way-forward-on-unemployment-insurance-in-the-senate-20140225
Got a chance to meet with URI professors today to see firsthand some of the leading research they are conducting on explosives, explosives detection, and cyber security, and discuss efforts to strengthen URI’s role in physical and cyber security study.  I was impressed by the work URI is doing to detect new threats and strengthen both the physical and cyber security of our nation.  And I’m proud that RI is taking a lead role in developing expertise in these critical fields. The explosives detection work and training Dr. Oxley and her team are doing is critical to law enforcement and helping make our nation safer.  I want to ensure URI has the resources to train the next generation of scientists and cybersecurity experts to meet the challenges of the future and stay a step ahead of criminals and terrorists.
Congratulations to Sean King, a senior at Rogers High School, for achieving the Boy Scouts of America's highest rank, Eagle Scout.  I had a chance to join with all the members of Troop 3 in Newport to honor Sean's accomplishments, leadership, and commitment to public service.    It is always heartening to see so many patriotic, dedicated young Rhode Islanders who are committed to making our community a better place.
Rhode Island has some of the best food in the world and our restaurants are a catalyst for economic development and neighborhood revitalization.  Please join me in congratulating Matt Jennings of Farmstead in Providence; Champe Speidel of Persimmon in Bristol; and Benjamin Sukle of Birch in Providence, who have been nominated for prestigious James Beard Foundation awards.   The talent and creativity of Rhode Island's chefs and the vitality and vibrancy of our food culture contribute so much to our great state. Cheers to Matt, Champe, Benjamin and all our great chefs!   http://www.jamesbeard.org/blog/2014-restaurant-and-chef-award-semifinalists 
Please take a moment to view this WPRI news story, which looks beyond statistics to the faces of unemployment in Rhode Island and the urgent need for Congress to renew unemployment insurance (UI).  It has been 45 days since 1.3 million Americans had their UI cut by partisan obstruction. Later today, that number will rise to 1.8 million American jobseekers -- including about 7,000 Rhode Islanders -- and it will continue to climb higher every day until Congress takes action.  http://wpri.com/2014/02/10/rhode-islands-faces-of-unemployment/
Today, the U.S. Senate fell one vote short of breaking a Republican filibuster to advance U.S. Senator Jack Reed’s legislation to renew unemployment insurance (UI), help strengthen our economy, and assist 1.7 million long-term unemployed Americans as they search for work.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VBu0GbTSfk&feature=youtu.be
I commend CVS Caremark for voluntarily taking tobacco products off their shelves.  CVS is a trusted brand that focuses on health and wellness and they reached this decision on their own because they understand that tobacco use and public health don’t mix.  Our nation has come a long way in reducing smoking, but it is still a major public health problem and an economic problem that costs Americans billions of dollars each year in health care costs.  Throughout my time in Congress, I have worked on initiatives to educate young people about the dangers of smoking, supported measures to ban smoking in schools, and worked to enhance the FDA’s ability to regulate the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco.  These are important laws, but we also need partners in the business community, like CVS, to help us reduce tobacco use and improve public health.  I hope others are encouraged by CVS' leadership to take similar steps.
Today, the U.S. Senate voted 67-32 to pass a bipartisan bill to help advance flood insurance reform.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbMEfEgehUQ
The President gave a strong speech that emphasized the need to translate the wishes of the American public into real legislative accomplishments.  The American people want to see expansion of our economy; investments in infrastructure; making work pay by increasing the minimum wage; boosting homegrown energy; reforming our immigration system; and ensuring that those that are looking sincerely for work receive unemployment insurance benefits.    I focus every day on getting people back to work and creating new jobs.  Tonight, the President underscored his commitment to building new ladders of opportunity into the middle-class and strengthening the first rung: education.  Expanding opportunities from pre-school through graduate school is essential.  We must come together to improve our schools and reduce the burden of student debt so that our families, communities, and our economy can thrive.  We need to spur job creation, but in addition to that, we need to equip current and future generations of Americans with the skills and training to successfully compete for those jobs.  I am committed to helping restore Rhode Island’s manufacturing might by focusing on advanced technologies and I was pleased the President reaffirmed his commitment to launching several new regional manufacturing innovation institutes.  I will do everything I can to support Rhode Island’s efforts to compete for one of these new, advanced manufacturing hubs.  President Obama also stressed the need for investing in our infrastructure.  Together with my colleagues in the Senate, I am working to leverage private capital and help finance large-scale investments in Rhode Island transportation, water, energy, and high-tech projects.  I have also secured funding to upgrade our ports and help modernize T.F. Green Airport and expand the runway to help attract new business, jobs, and visitors to Rhode Island.    Through smart investments and collective action, we must do the things today that will improve our economy and benefit the next generation of Americans.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBKlRUrfbzQ&feature=c4-overview&list=UUT_aFVtsjxPwWKfO-PW_hPw
http://www.msnbc.com/andrea-mitchell-reports/watch/reed-unemployed-americans-want-to-work-108099139573
Congress needs to do everything it can to accelerate economic growth and help the private sector create more jobs.  This evening, the U.S. Senate will have an opportunity to do just that when it votes on the bipartisan Reed-Heller plan to reauthorize federal unemployment insurance (UI) for 3 months.  Please contact your senators today and tell them that preserving unemployment insurance will spur consumer demand and help local businesses, states, and struggling families.    UI has been around since the 1930s.  It is designed to be there for every worker in their hour of greatest need.  But today, political gridlock has left 1.3 million American jobseekers without this vital safety net.  If Congress doesn't act soon, another 2 million Americans will find themselves in a similar situation within the next 6 months.    Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) and I have offered a pragmatic, temporary bill that can be quickly enacted so Congress can negotiate a longer-term solution.  A new study by the Council of Economic Advisers and the U.S. Department of Labor estimates that the failure to renew UI could cost our economy 240,000 jobs in 2014, including 1,284 in Rhode Island.  And the ideological argument that UI creates a disincentive to work is not backed by evidence, facts, or common sense.  So please help me send a message that Congress should work together to create more job opportunities.  We need to do everything we can to create jobs and improve the labor market.  But until the economy recovers, preserving UI is one of the most cost effective ways to help struggling families and businesses in our communities.
Joined 63 of my colleagues to approve 2 year budget agreement.  It is vitally important that Congress pass a budget and provide some economic certainty, but we shouldn’t balance our national budget on the backs of our veterans.  There are smarter ways to achieve savings and we should start by closing wasteful tax loopholes.  That is why I cosponsored the Military Retirement Restoration Act.  I will continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to safeguard military retirees from changes to cost of living adjustments.
I hoped for a more comprehensive agreement but this is an important step forward.  Commendably, this budget blueprint reduces economic uncertainty and blunts the impact of the sequester.  It will help save jobs, reduce unnecessary furloughs, protect vital programs like education from deep cuts, and should prevent another costly and wasteful government shutdown.   However, I would have preferred closing corporate tax loopholes to restore investments in defense and education.  And I am most disturbed that negotiators refused to include help for the unemployed as part of their package.   Congress needs to act fast to preserve unemployment insurance or 1.3 million American job seekers will suddenly be without a financial safety net in the new year.  Budgets are about priorities, and helping vulnerable families should be a bipartisan priority.   Even as the nation's economy continues to recover, Congress must do more to help create new jobs and sustain economic revitalization.  I recently introduced the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2013 to stabilize the economy and provide relief for both states and struggling families by extending federal UI benefits through 2014.  Unemployment insurance is a critical lifeline for vulnerable families and our economy.  Preserving this program will help bolster consumer demand and provide some much needed economic certainty for businesses and families in need.   While this agreement doesn’t solve every issue facing the country and it could certainly do more for the unemployed and the middle class, it’s at least a reversal of the governing by crisis method that some on the other side of the aisle have embraced in the past few years.
I am deeply saddened by the passing of Nelson Mandela, an extraordinary human being and friend to all humankind.  He transformed South Africa and helped liberate people of all walks of life from inequality and injustice.  As a world leader, Nelson Mandela emanated wisdom, peace, healing, joy, and brotherhood.  President Mandela was a uniquely gifted individual who taught us that we all have the capacity to make our communities, and the world, a better place.  He continues to be an inspiration.
Small Business Saturday is set for this Saturday, November 30.  Small businesses are vital to our communities and our economy.  This national movement marks a day to support the local businesses that help create jobs, boost local economic activity, and preserve neighborhoods around our state.
NA
In an effort to help college-bound high school students and their families get a better sense of the financial aid options and opportunities available to them, I’ll be hosting a College Financial Aid Workshop next Monday, November 25 at 7:00 p.m. at Johnston Senior High School.  Financial aid and education experts will be on hand to offer tips and discuss the loan and grant application process and tax benefits to assist with college expenses.  Get more details and RSVP to reserve your spot today: http://1.usa.gov/1iuZpzz
Testified before the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in support of my legislation to expand mortgage and foreclosure protections for military families. While the men and women of our Armed Forces are protecting our nation overseas, we should do everything possible to protect their families and homes.  We must ensure the laws that protect our troops keep pace with the challenges they face.
NA
Opening the government and preventing a default crisis is the common sense decision I’ve been advocating.   These threats of default and shutdowns hurt our economy, but now we need to move forward together.   Congress needs to get back to creating jobs, rebuilding America’s infrastructure, and re-balancing our economy.   These aren’t partisan priorities, they are American priorities.  And if both parties work together and start pulling in that direction we can lift our nation out of the economic struggles we've been in for far too long.  A healthy dose of political stability and economic certainty will go a long way toward helping America achieve long-term economic growth.
Senator Jack Reed welcomed 63 Rhode Island World War II veterans to our nation’s capital to thank them for their service to our country.
NA
We as a nation will come together in support of the victims of this senseless violence.  We are all thankful for the courage and dedication of the U.S. Navy personnel who serve our nation, as well as the first responders who rushed to the scene of today’s mass-shooting.  Right now there are more questions than answers, but law enforcement will get to the bottom of this and every federal resource will be made available to ensure they do.
I am deeply saddened by the passing of Susan Farmer, who was a political pioneer, a dedicated public servant, and a successful CEO.  She gave her time and leadership to so many non-profits and community organizations throughout Rhode Island and was a real inspiration to so many.  She will be deeply missed, but not forgotten.
Glad to see Save the Bay was awarded a $71,800 federal Bay Watershed Education and Training (B-WET) grant for their environmental education program.  Save the Bay does an outstanding job of working with local schools and teaching kids about the importance of our watersheds, their connection to Narragansett Bay, and how we can all work together to protect them.  The B-WET program gives students a chance to get their feet wet while learning about the Bay and connecting with nature.
Today we solemnly remember the innocent victims, heroic first responders, and many others whose lives were forever changed on 9/11.
Great news: Rhode Island receives $10 million in federal funds for the Apponaug Circulator Long-Term Improvements Project in Warwick. Thanks to Governor Chafee and the Rhode Island Department of Transportation for working on this important grant and thanks to Senator Whitehouse and Representative Langevin for their work coordinating state efforts with federal initiatives. http://1.usa.gov/15ylTqp
NA
Really impressed with Head Start students and staff at the Karen G. Bouchard Children’s Center in Woonsocket.  School readiness programs like this are a smart investment in our children’s and Rhode Island’s future.
NA
Take action and like this post to show you support the Reed-Warren amendment to help keep student loans affordable.
Congratulations to Kinjal Gupta of Exeter, the Rhode Island national winner of the American Academy of Family Physicians’ Tar Wars 2013 poster contest and Rhode Island video contest winners Daniel Shimberg, Alex Marootian and Ben Thornton, who spoke about the dangers of tobacco use.
Helping students is the right thing to do and a smart way to strengthen our economy.  But once again, while a majority of Senators voted to keep student loans affordable, some Senators used procedural tactics to block help for middle-class families.    Today’s vote shows Republicans would rather maintain tax loopholes for millionaires than make college a little more affordable for working families.  The student loan interest rate offered by the government shouldn’t be needlessly high, it should be based on actual costs.  The federal government is projected to make $51 billion in profits this year from student loans and it is unfair for Republicans to ask tomorrow’s students to pay even more.  Some saw this deadline as a chance to try and do away with important safeguards for students and their families.  We won’t let them.    I will continue to work hard to reverse this senseless rate hike.  We need a comprehensive overhaul to make our financial aid system more effective, affordable, and sustainable.  Congress must address the core of the college affordability problem, which means eliminating profits from student loans and alleviating the burden of student debt on existing borrowers through refinancing and better consumer protections.  Ultimately, we’ll need a bipartisan solution, but first Congress will have to do its homework.  Republicans will have to come to the table and agree to address the bigger picture of college affordability in a meaningful and comprehensive way.
NA
Will be on Twitter TODAY at 3 p.m. ET to discuss student loans and smarter solutions to keeping college affordable.  Use #DontDoubleMyRate to join the conversation and urge Congress to responsibly keep student loan interest rates in check now and in the future.
NA
Joined top officials from the Rhode Island Department of Health, the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management, and the Bristol Department of Parks and Recreation to discuss new data showing Rhode Island's beach water quality improving. Healthy beach water is essential to our local economy, environment and public health.
Joined Providence Mayor Angel Taveras and young trainees from YouthBuild Providence to announce $1.1 million in federal funding to help give at-risk young people the opportunity to get a good education and the job skills they need to succeed.
Today’s bipartisan vote on comprehensive immigration reform is a historic and long-overdue step forward, but there is still a tremendous hurdle ahead in the House of Representatives.    The Senate bill represents a vast improvement over the current dysfunctional immigration system and ensures everyone plays by the same rules.  The bipartisan bill recognizes the need to strengthen border security and strike a balance between protecting jobs for Americans and helping us remain competitive in the global economy.  It provides a tough but fair pathway to earned citizenship and boosts our ability to retain the bright and talented leaders of tomorrow.    We are not at the finish line yet, but I will continue working with leaders in Congress to strengthen and improve the bill as it moves along the legislative process.  Fixing our broken immigration system is an opportunity to strengthen both our economy and communities and we must seize it.  The time for comprehensive immigration reform is now.
Today, the Supreme Court reaffirmed the importance of equality before the law.  This marks an important step toward better protecting married gay couples and their families and preventing discrimination against same-sex marriages in states like Rhode Island that have passed marriage equality laws.   While the Supreme Court’s decisions advance marriage equality, more work remains.  The Administration must now implement the ruling and Congress should pass clear rules to ensure the federal government properly recognizes same-sex marriages that were legally entered into.  I am working with Senator Feinstein and a number of our colleagues to update and reintroduce the Respect for Marriage Act.  So far, three Republicans have spoken up in support of this effort and I think today’s ruling will build momentum to get us to the 60 vote supermajority needed to overcome a filibuster.
Today, a majority of Senators voted in favor of the Reed-Harkin Student Loan Affordability Act to ensure student loan interest rates do not dramatically increase this year.  But without any Republican support, the bill fell short of the 60 votes needed to advance.  If Congress works together, it can make our financial aid system more effective, affordable, and sustainable.  Instead of raising interest rates on families struggling to pay for college, Congress should close costly, special interest tax loopholes.  I will continue working hard to protect taxpayers and keep student loan interest rates affordable.
Enjoyed touring some of Rhode Island’s natural and historic treasures last week with U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell and National Park Service Director Jonathan B. Jarvis to highlight the economic value of conserving our parks, refuges, and other public lands.
Discussed fixes to help reduce the backlog of veterans’ disability claims, eliminate bureaucratic delays, and deliver benefits to veterans more quickly and efficiently with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki, and others.
Welcomed Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf to the U.S. Capitol and discussed contributions of Liberians to Rhode Island and the U.S.
We still have a long road to recovery from Superstorm Sandy.  But nice to see progress at Sachuest Point Road in Middletown.  Thanks to hard work and coordination at the federal and state level, including $475,000 in funds I secured through Interior Appropriations bill, the access road to Sachuest Point National Wildlife Refuge has been reopened.  Check out the photos from before and after the storm.
Appreciate the leadership and hard work of Rhode Island fire chiefs and marshals to keep our communities safe.
NA
A historic day for Rhode Island as we become 10th state to sign Marriage Equality into law.
Congratulations to 4th grader Katie Hennan of Raymond C. LaPerche Elementary School for representing Rhode Island in the Google.com Doodle4Google competition.  Help Katie take home the grand prize and support the arts in schools.  Vote for Katie’s artwork here: http://bit.ly/jFl7YI
In case you missed it: Yesterday I launched a new Get TickSmart/RI campaign with Thomas Mather, director of the University of Rhode Island’s Center for Vector-Borne Disease and the TickEncounter Resource Center, and tick control expert David Mendell. Please visit www.tickencounter.org to learn how to protect  yourself, your pets, and your yard from ticks. http://bit.ly/18aGwgj
Great meeting with Jessica Waters who is the 2013 Rhode Island Teacher of the Year and teaches 11th grade Chemistry and 12th grade Human Anatomy and Physiology at Beacon Charter High School for the Arts in Woonsocket.
Hosting a roundtable and job fair for service members and veterans seeking employment with Mayors Angel Taveras and Allan Fung on Friday, April 26 at the Rhode Island Convention Center.
Thanks to all the volunteers who came out on Earth Day to help clean up Roger Williams Park pond.  Great working with you to help keep Rhode Island beautiful.
This has been a harrowing week and we are still trying to make sense of it all.  But a few things are clear:   One, the heroism of our police officers.   Two, investigators, with valuable help from the public, tenaciously and methodically gathered information to identify the alleged bombers and get them off the streets.   Three, the bombing of the Boston Marathon was a cowardly, premeditated attack.   And four, the response from our citizens and local, state, and federal officials has been courageous.   As soon as the first bomb detonated, total strangers were risking their lives to help one another.  Local, state, and federal law enforcement swiftly coordinated their response securing the area, and taking necessary steps to save lives and prevent further damage.   Instead of letting this attack divide us through fear, our nation pulled together.   Tonight, we recognize the security professionals who tirelessly defend us from threats at home and abroad.  They do an incredible job of disrupting terrorist plots, thwarting attacks, and doing everything they can to keep the American people safe. Thanks to their coordinated efforts, we have degraded the ability of terrorists to communicate, travel, train, and strike.   As the terrorist attack in Boston proves, we must remain ever vigilant.  The adage of “if you see something suspicious, say something to authorities” is a good one to remember.   This investigation is still unfolding and will continue wherever it leads.  We will pursue justice for those who were killed and wounded by this vicious attack and we will help Boston and the entire country heal.   We know there will be future terrorist plots and efforts to harm innocent Americans, but we will work tirelessly to stop them. And we as a nation will emerge from this experience even stronger and more united.
Today I joined state and local leaders and officials from North Atlantic Distribution, Inc (NORAD) and the Quonset Development Corporation (QDC) to announce a major expansion of business at the Port of Davisville.  I am pleased Honda is joining Volkswagen, Audi, Subaru, Ford, and Porsche in bringing their auto import business to Quonset.  The federal investments we have made in Quonset's infrastructure are generating new business, jobs, and income for Rhode Island and local communities.
Hosting an informational seminar for all Rhode Island high school students interested in attending one of the United States Service Academies this Saturday, April 20 from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. at the Community College of Rhode Island.
Proud to receive the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA)'s 2013 Colonel Arthur T. Marix Award for protecting service members, veterans, and their families from rising health care costs by preventing a dramatic increase in certain prescription drug copayments for TRICARE beneficiaries.
NA
Discussed the need to crack down on foreclosure abuse with CBS Evening News correspondent Wyatt Andrews:
Proud to join members of Rhode Island’s Jewish Community yesterday to honor the 65th anniversary of Israel’s independence.  Jewish Alliance of Greater Rhode Island will be running a series of events now through April 21 to showcase Israel’s contributions to the arts, music, food, film, & culture.  Learn more at: www.jfri.org.  Yom Huledet Sameach, L'Yisrael!
NA
Today is Equal Pay Day, which marks the fact that, on average, women make just 77 cents on the dollar compared to men.  It’s time for Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to help strengthen federal pay equity laws and ensure equal pay for equal work. http://1.usa.gov/YbjPRH
NA
Held a roundtable discussion on gun violence prevention in Providence today with Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Congressman Jim Langevin, Congressman David Cicilline, Mayors Angel Taveras, Charles Lombardi, and James Diossa, and others. The U.S. Senate will soon begin debating comprehensive gun control legislation that includes provisions to expand background checks for all gun purchases, toughen penalties for gun trafficking, and a federal grant program for school safety.
Enjoyed meeting Karl Aspelund of Barrington and Bridget Hall of North Smithfield last week in DC where they were selected to represent Rhode Island for the U.S. Senate Youth Program.
NA
Great meeting with University of Rhode Island College of Pharmacy students and faculty to discuss efforts to keep Rhode Islanders healthy and lower health costs.
Teaming up with Rhode Island Blood Center, Alex and Ani, and Teas and Javas for a blood drive on Monday, March 18th from 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. at 2000 Chapel View Boulevard in Cranston. Donors get free gelato from Teas and Java.
With less than 20 days remaining before Liberian refugees living legally in the U.S. face deportation, Congressman Keith Ellison and I are leading efforts to urge the Obama Administration to lift the March 31st deadline and reintroducing the Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act to allow eligible Liberian nationals to continue living here legally and provide them with a path to citizenship: http://1.usa.gov/YjjKgN.
Welcomed Rhode Islander Jonathan Lowenstein, who rode 350 miles from Newtown, Connecticut to Washington, DC with 25 other members of Sandy Hook Ride on Washington to advocate for sensible gun reform in memory of the victims of Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Met with members of the Jewish Alliance of Greater Rhode Island to discuss domestic & foreign policy issues.
Pleased to help secure $3 million to help revitalize Providence’s West End neighborhood.  The Phoenix Apartments development will provide safe and affordable rental housing and is great example of how federal, local, and private partners can work together to transform a community. http://bit.ly/Yo5hNC
Discussed economic development and potential impacts of the sequester, which I voted to stop with a balanced package of spending cuts and revenues through closing tax loopholes, with business leaders from across Rhode Island earlier this week.
NA
Article in today’s The Providence Journal underscores the dangers of indoor tanning.  We need to educate consumers on risks of ultraviolet radiation (UV) from indoor tanning beds.  I have long sought to improve warning label standards on indoor tanning devices.  Studies have found that UV radiation from indoor tanning beds increases a person’s risk of developing melanoma, a deadly form of skin cancer, by 75 percent. http://bit.ly/Xdsp5C
NA
Enjoyed meeting with folks from Providence Children’s Museum to discuss the educational and economic benefits of museums.
NA
In case you missed it: Joined Representative Mike Rogers (R-MI) and Candy Crowley on CNN’s State of the Union this past weekend. Watch the discussion: http://youtu.be/qmc9BkNMY5Y
Joined with a bipartisan group of 53 Senators and Representatives in introducing the Marketplace Fairness Act in an effort to help local Main Street businesses compete more effectively against out-of-state internet sellers and retailers. http://1.usa.gov/12lT7fy
Continuing to push for an up or down vote on Consumer Financial Protection Bureau nominee Richard Cordray with Senators Tim Johnson, Sherrod Brown, and Elizabeth Warren. We need a strong CFPB to help families and strengthen our financial marketplace.  I will fight efforts to weaken the law and roll back consumer protections.  All consumers deserve fair and honest treatment in their daily financial transactions.
NA
NA
Joined Senators Debbie Stabenow (D–MI) and Roy Blunt (R–MO) and Silver Linings Playbook Director David O. Russell to introduce the Excellence in Mental Health Act to help build and expand community mental health centers and help pay for the counseling and other services the qualified mental health professionals working in these centers can provide. http://1.usa.gov/Wxm1FP
Honored to present the World War II Victory Medal to Ms. Euphemia Ellen Fagan Nichols of Coventry, who served in the U.S. Navy Reserve as a Storekeeper (Disbursing) Second Class from 1942 to 1945. http://bit.ly/12nsQNA
NA
Enjoyed meeting with students from Lincoln School and Providence Country Day who were visiting our nation’s capital this week.  Lots of great questions on both domestic and foreign policy.
Immigration reform is an issue that we’ve had bipartisan support for in the past, and I am encouraged that key Republican voices are once again joining Democrats to work toward a solution.    I have long been an advocate for comprehensive and common-sense immigration reform and I am optimistic that Congress can finally get the job done.  For those who are here and working hard, there needs to be a path for earned citizenship.   This bipartisan framework could help build momentum, but it won’t mean much if it isn’t followed up with legislative action.  It won’t be easy, but we have an opportunity to create a stronger and more effective immigration system that is balanced and fair and strengthens America’s economic competitiveness.  Now is the time to act.
I commend the President for re-nominating Richard Cordray for a full term as director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  Mr. Cordray is extremely well-qualified and effective.  He deserves an up or down vote.  Under his leadership, the CFPB has had a positive and constructive impact on our financial marketplace.  It has held credit card companies accountable, carefully rewritten mortgage rules to make them more transparent and fair for both borrowers and lenders, and provided much needed information about and oversight on private student loans.    Mr. Cordray has been balanced, fair-minded, and inclusive throughout his tenure as head of the CFPB.  Instead of blocking a vote on his nomination, I hope Republicans will give him a fair hearing and an up or down vote.
This is a critical time for our economy and the SEC and Mary Jo White is a strong pick to lead the agency.  She is an experienced prosecutor who can vigorously enforce the law.  I look forward to having a discussion with Ms. White about her vision for implementing Dodd-Frank, regulating computerized trading, and strengthening accountability, transparency, and investor protections on Wall Street.  If confirmed, Ms. White will be the second full-time female chairman in the SEC’s history.
Congratulations to Peter Koch of Warwick who will attend the National Mentoring Summit to receive the Excellence in Mentoring in America award.  It was great to see him and Jo-Ann Schofield and Arlene McNulty of Rhode Island Mentoring Partnership in my office in Washington, D.C.
I support common sense and practical steps to help reduce gun violence. Today’s announcement at the White House is a smart step in the right direction, but the President can’t do this all on his own. Congress needs to work on a bipartisan basis to pass common sense laws to keep our communities safe… http://go.usa.gov/42r3
NA
ICYMI – Here is video of ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos.”
U.S. Senator Jack Reed recently travelled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to get a firsthand look at security and political developments in the region and their impact on America’s national security. During the trip, Reed met with high-ranking foreign leaders, diplomats, and American military commanders, civilian personnel, as well as service members from Rhode Island who are currently serving overseas.
In case you missed the hint to last night’s Jeopardy question on Rhode Island, here is the video:
Chuck Hagel will make an outstanding Secretary of Defense.  He is highly qualified and his record of service to this country as a decorated combat veteran, successful CEO, senator, and statesman is extraordinary.  Chuck is a man of uncommon independence and integrity.  Chuck Hagel's candor, judgment, and expertise will serve him well as our next Secretary of Defense.  I fully support his confirmation.
