Gayle and I would like to wish all West Virginians a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. We pray that each of you enjoy a holiday season filled with perpetual hope and peace, especially our brave servicemen and women who are serving overseas. May God bless you all with joy and love during this special season and throughout the New Year. Happy holidays!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frf-GhctS20&list=UUGyPK_ye2ptpzQgOjKIn7ag
It is a great privilege to recommend 36 of West Virginia’s brightest young men and women to the U.S. service academies. All of our students worked hard to earn these nominations and are determined to serve our country. I join all West Virginians in congratulating these hardworking and dedicated students, because a nomination to one of our elite service academies will develop these young men and women to become our next generation of military leaders.  To view a list of students I am recommending, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=df5878d3-0fc5-4a65-a7e0-aa014bc9aa19
Today, I am wrapping up my 2014 statewide outreach tour in Webster County. It was a privilege to visit all fifty-five counties this year and engage with so many wonderful residents who want to address our challenges and discuss ways to make our state and our nation a better place. To see where I've been in your area and around West Virginia this year, click here:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/around-west-virginia-with-senator-manchin
The sudden and tragic death of Marshall University President Stephen Kopp is incredibly shocking and heartbreaking. The Marshall community has truly lost one of its best. There is no doubt that Stephen will leave behind a legacy as an outstanding leader, a beloved adopted West Virginian, and a dedicated husband and father. Gayle and I join all West Virginians in keeping Jane, the entire Kopp family and the Marshall and Huntington communities in our thoughts and prayers as they grieve and try to get through this painful time, especially as we approach the holidays.
In the coming weeks, I strongly encourage all West Virginians to honor the great achievements of our small businesses and entrepreneurs by nominating them for the SBA's 2015 Small Business Week awards and for the West Virginia’s District Office awards. This is a great opportunity to say ‘thank you’ to our Mountain State businesses for all they do to make our state a great place to live and do business.  For information on how to submit your nominations, please visit my website.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b85ce11a-c3ba-4da3-b78b-a05df7c76c6e
An estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day, a shocking and unacceptable reality. Our courageous veterans have risked their lives defending this country, and in return, we owe these heroes the absolute best treatment when they return home. That is why it is so important that we pass the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Bill to improve mental health care and suicide prevention resources for veterans and servicemembers.  I was proud to stand up for our veterans and the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Bill today on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports:
Our Surgeon General serves as America’s leader on public health services and chooses what health policies we should prioritize. For that reason, I don’t believe it’s appropriate for America’s number one doctor to participate in political activism. It is essential that the Surgeon General gains the public’s trust, so this position must be separated from the political arena. After meeting with Dr. Murthy, I don’t question his medical qualifications; I just question whether the public will believe that he can separate his political beliefs from his public health views. I am wary that his past comments and political involvement will have an impact on his leadership capabilities and effectiveness. For these reasons, I am unable to vote for his confirmation as the United States’ next Surgeon General.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e99688b4-2605-4372-ba17-7134eccd4c30
It is a privilege to be assigned to the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee as we enter into a new Congress. The breadth of issues that these two committees oversee will help me better represent the people of the Mountain State and our West Virginia values.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ab2c95f1-b239-47d1-90b9-0514f94290cc
ICYMI: On Saturday, I submitted remarks on the Senate floor explaining my opposition to the $1.1 trillion government spending bill. There is too much waste, too much taxpayer risk, and too little transparency in the bill. I urged my colleagues to stay in session to draft a bipartisan omnibus package that fairly represents American values.  Read more:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f5c2fc81-01b6-4ced-b95c-ee5cde29f4f2
As Honorary Chair of the Discover the Real West Virginia Foundation, Senator Manchin welcomed West Virginia businesses from the I-79 Corridor to the seventh annual Identification Intelligence Seminar and Expo in Washington, D.C. The annual identification intelligence industry event provided opportunities for executives in cyber security, forensics, biometrics and big data to explore business partnerships, research synergies and investment opportunities in West Virginia.
As Honorary Chair of the Discover the Real West Virginia Foundation, I was proud to welcome businesses from the I-79 Corridor to the seventh annual Identification Intelligence Seminar and Expo. Our state remains one of the most competitive, business-friendly states in the country, and tonight's event was a wonderful opportunity for executives in cyber security, forensics, biometrics and big data to explore business partnerships in the Mountain State.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1yzedlw
To mark the anniversary of the attacks at Pearl Harbor, my state staff attended the National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day Ceremony this weekend in Charleston and honored survivor Wetzel Sanders. To read his story of that fateful December morning, click here: http://bit.ly/1s4issK
Today, we pay homage to those brave Americans who sacrificed their lives on that infamous December morning at Pearl Harbor. We will never forget their service and sacrifice, always remembering those lost not only in our hearts, but also in the way we live our lives. Let us never forget those who came before us, and lived and died for this nation. And let us always mark dates like December 7, 1941 as the times we remember who we are as a nation and the strength of American resilience.  http://www.theintelligencer.net/page/content.detail/id/619171/December-7-a-Reminder-of-Who-We-Are-as-Americans.html?nav=509
It has always been an honor to represent West Virginia coal miners and their families, who will always be a true source inspiration for me. So today, on National Miner's Day, it is my privilege to say “thank you.” It is because of their sacrifices that we have sustained the way of life we enjoy today.  I encourage every single West Virginian and American to #ThankAMiner today. Learn more: http://thankaminer.org/
Today we celebrate National Miner’s Day, an incredibly meaningful day of recognition not only for the state of West Virginia, but for our entire country. This nation was built on the backs of our coal miners, and today, miners continue to go to work every day to provide millions of Americans with the electricity that powers our lives. It is because of their sacrifices that we have sustained the way of life we enjoy today. As we take a moment to honor and reflect on the tremendous contributions of our miners, let us especially commemorate those who have tragically been lost while mining the coal that has made this country great. The selflessness and bravery of our miners has never faltered, and for this we thank them on this National Miner’s Day.
I join all West Virginians in congratulating Wheeling and Williamson for being recognized by the ‘Local Foods, Local Places’ Program. By supporting the health of local residents, boosting the economy, revitalizing Main Street and creating new and exciting opportunities, Wheeling and Williamson are now a better places to raise a family, do business and live longer, healthier lives.   This program will help give members of the community an even greater opportunity to pass the plate to their friends and family in the hopes of creating a healthier culture for themselves and for generations to come. Their drive and success should be a model for all West Virginia communities to mirror and emulate. I commend their continued success.  http://www.statejournal.com/story/27538261/two-west-virginia-communities-chosen-as-federal-local-foods-local-places-participants
Thank you to the folks at Fox & Friends for having me on the show this morning to talk about the President's executive actions on immigration and the recent grand jury decisions in Ferguson and New York.
With the cooperation of companies like CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid and Fruth Pharmacy, that have helped tighten restrictions on pseudoephedrine sales, the number of meth labs in our state have dropped by a substantial 40 percent this year. This is encouraging news, and we are certainly headed in the right direction.   Read more: http://bit.ly/15P1vbH
Today is #GivingTuesday, a day dedicated to giving back. In West Virginia, we believe in the principle of neighbors helping neighbors, and we strive to improve our communities by working together. I hope all West Virginians will get involved this Giving Tuesday by supporting the many charities and organizations in our state and raising awareness for important causes in the Mountain State and across our great nation.
On behalf of Gayle and our whole family, we wish you and your family a happy and healthy Thanksgiving. I encourage all West Virginians to remember that if you can count your blessings, you can share your blessings. Take this time to serve, to spend time with those who are lonely, sick or less fortunate, and to reflect upon our values and beliefs with loved ones. Also, as we gather together  today, let us never take for granted one America’s greatest blessings: the men and women of our Armed Forces who stand guard around the world, preserving our freedom and protecting us from harm day in and day out.   May God continue His many blessings on America and on the great state of West Virginia.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=6dcbfd09-7f6d-4a7f-be85-3554b3604be9
I have always said that if you can count your blessings, you can share your blessings. Gayle and I were so pleased to celebrate one of America’s greatest holidays with members of our community by serving a wonderful Thanksgiving meal at Union Mission Crossroads Shelter.
I’m incredibly proud of the Marshall University football team, Coach Doc Holliday, the staff and the athletic department, and the entire state of West Virginia should be, too. Throughout this season, the Thundering Herd has brought positive national exposure to our state and proudly showcased the true Marshall spirit.   The biggest reason for Marshall’s success, both on the athletic field and off, has been the tremendous level of support that the community has shown to the students of Marshall. In fact, from its founding in 1837 to the 1970 tragic plane crash to today, the one constant has been the loyal fans.   The Marshall story is perhaps one of the greatest tales of perseverance, courage and the incredible spirit of a community and a university determined to succeed and overcome. Today’s football program is further proof of this amazing spirit. Marshall has taken the national stage by storm this season, and that is great for our state. Now the Herd has an opportunity to host the Conference USA Championship game, which will give our entire state positive national attention.   That is why I am encouraging all Marshall fans to come out and pack the stadium for Friday’s game. All West Virginians should join the Huntington community to cheer for the Thundering Herd to soundly defeat the Hilltoppers and continue this historic football season.   Put simply, Marshall’s success is the Mountain State’s success. Gayle and I wish Coach Holliday and the team the best of luck!
The next two weeks mark a treasured tradition in our state – buck firearms season. From now until December 6, thousands of hunters will gear up and trek into the West Virginia backwoods – all with the same anticipation of getting themselves the big buck. There is no doubt that West Virginia is one of the best places in America for deer hunting, and I hope this year that all of our proud hunters will teach someone new this great recreational adventure that is so important to our state and our people. I wish you all a safe and successful buck season.   Hunters who wish to donate deer meat or dollars to the Hunters Helping the Hungry program should call 304-558-2771 or visit the DNR website at www.wvdnr.gov to find a participating meat processor.
I disagree with the President’s decision to use executive action to make changes to our immigration system, and I disagree with the House’s decision to not even take a vote on the bipartisan Senate legislation that overwhelmingly passed in June 2013.  The American people made it clear on election night that they want government to work better for them and to solve real problems that impact their lives. We have the chance to show them that we heard their message and are willing to act. We will only achieve sustainable, comprehensive immigration reform if all sides work together. For that to happen, Congress must work with the President to debate the issues and vote to secure our borders, create a tough legalization process, and ensure employers don’t hire illegal immigrants. We successfully passed a bipartisan bill on the Senate side, and all we’re asking is that the House takes a vote as well. http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=63333d1d-eed4-4e10-ba31-1f3a9ac4d12a
Today, I am proud to introduce legislation with my colleagues that will ensure coal miners receive the benefits they have earned and deserve by reforming the federal black lung benefits program. The very least we can do is make sure that all miners have access to adequate medical care and legal counseling while ensuring that unfair practices do not delay or deny a miner their benefits. I will continue this fight until our brave miners receive the necessary assistance and care they have earned.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7a0a70e5-c75c-4110-858e-c98aa3b4c460
On November 20, 1917, one of the greatest Americans to grace the hills of West Virginia and the halls of United States Senate, Robert C. Byrd, was born. From his humble beginnings as a child of the Appalachian coalfields to his rise as one of the most influential voices in Congress, Senator Byrd led a distinguished life that has inspired so many, including myself. He was a proud defender of the Constitution, a determined fighter for the Mountain State and a dedicated husband and father, and his contributions to our state and nation are unparalleled. I know that his life and his legacy will continue to inspire West Virginians and Americans for generations to come, and every day that I walk down the halls of the United States Senate, I do my best to follow in his footsteps. So today, on his 97th birthday, I join all West Virginians in remembering our great statesman for his lifelong dedication of outstanding public service. May God bless his memory today and every day.
I am deeply disappointed that the Senate failed to pass the Keystone XL pipeline. We have everything to gain by building this pipeline, especially since it would help create thousands of jobs right here at home. Keystone XL is expected to create 20,000 direct jobs during construction and 118,000 indirect and spinoff jobs. With well over 1,000 American businesses already supplying goods and services to pipeline companies, the ripple effects of these projects would continue to boost economic prosperity and create more employment opportunities in other industries. Every state - including West Virginia - would benefit economically from this activity.  Read my full statement: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a4f96696-f8d9-49af-ba5c-9c3b80c59fcd
I was saddened and appalled to learn that three Americans and a Briton, at least some of whom were reported as rabbis, were murdered while worshiping at a synagogue in Jerusalem today. Palestinian leadership must take immediate action to end violence directed at Israeli Jews and condemn terrorists and their supporters. I join the American people in praying for the victims of this heinous attack as well as their families and community members. We continue to stand with Israel as it confronts the menace of this terror.
Last week, my state director, Mara Boggs, attended the unveiling of the Medal of Honor Wall of Memory at the Huntington VA Medical Center. This display includes artwork representing all Medal of Honor recipients who are receiving treatment at the Huntington VA Hospital. It is my hope that a display will soon be established within all of the VA hospitals in our great state. Again, thank you to all those who made this memorial a reality.
Yesterday, I was pleased to introduce the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Bill to improve and modernize the suicide prevention programs and resources available to our veterans and service members. An estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day, a shocking and unacceptable reality. Our nation has a long way to go to decrease the rate of suicide among our veterans and we must do much better in fulfilling our responsibilities to care for those who have risked everything on behalf of their fellow Americans.  To learn more about this bipartisan legislation, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=68f8f27a-2f71-4e18-856e-16c2b0ec717e
November is Military Family Appreciation Month, and I encourage all West Virginians to take a moment to recognize and thank a spouse, parent, child, sibling or other family member of our service members and veterans, especially those who have lost a loved one in defense of our country. Their strength is unsurpassed, and their support is absolutely vital to the stability of all branches of our Armed Forces. Let us thank our military families this month, and every month, for their service, generosity and selfless sacrifices on behalf of our freedoms.   There are many ways to support our military families, and the National Military Family Association is making it easy to say ‘thank you.’ For more information visit: http://www.militaryfamily.org/feature-articles/send-an-ecard-3.html
Gayle and I are deeply saddened to hear that Freda Mae Tomblin has passed away. We extend our deepest condolences to all Freda Mae’s family and friends, especially her loving husband, Earl, and her sons, Earl Ray and Carl Edward, as they grieve the passing of a truly wonderful West Virginian. We join all West Virginians in keeping in our thoughts and prayers the Tomblin family as they go through this difficult time.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ac6c7e8b-59b3-4352-a0c2-bff8b1637c4f
Every child deserves to have at least one place where they feel safe and comfortable. For many of our kids these days, that place is at school. The Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predator Act will truly help protect our kids from sexual assault predators or any individuals who inappropriately behave in our schools.  Learn more about the bill by visiting my website: http://1.usa.gov/1pZgXv1
ICYMI:  I’ve always had complete faith that justice would be served and Don Blankenship’s indictment is a first step in providing some peace to the families of the Upper Big Branch miners who lost their lives.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=433a3c5b-bb8b-4933-93bb-be6c1aab2d7b
Today, I casted my vote against the current Democrat Leadership because the people of West Virginia spoke loud and clear in last week’s elections for change. They voted for members of both parties to put aside partisan politics and start working together to vote on issues that are important to West Virginians and the American people. I have the utmost respect for Harry Reid, but I had hoped he would give all members of the caucus the opportunity to evaluate what led to the destructive gridlock in Washington and propose ways to modify our results to better connect with the American people. Unfortunately, we were not granted that opportunity, and I refused to vote for the status quo. As Congress moves forward to the 114th Congress, I promise to continue working with Democrats and Republicans to debate and vote on legislation that will help get this country back on track.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1b335f73-10d5-40cf-bf68-4bac66065ce7
I look forward to reviewing the details of the climate agreement between President Obama and Chinese leaders and assessing what the true implications will be on the front lines here at home. As I've said many times before, there is no question that 7 billion people have an impact on our climate. I am encouraged that the Chinese are willing to come to the table and that the Administration has recognized the importance of investing in research for clean fossil fuel technology. That being said, we cannot enter into an agreement that asks little of the Chinese, while simultaneously promising more than we can achieve domestically with our current technology.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=592e8d82-aa92-450d-bc65-0a8d16c2703a
I was truly honored to celebrate Veterans Day in Welch and participate in the 95th annual Welch Veterans Day Parade. Thank you to all those who came out to honor our veterans.
Veterans Day gathers us together as a nation to express our deepest gratitude to the men and women who have fought to safeguard our beloved nation and secure the freedoms we enjoy every day. No matter the war, no matter the rank, no matter the duty, every one of our heroic veterans have answered America’s call of duty. In times of need, they stepped forward and vowed to protect this country. It is because of our veterans that America remains a beacon for all who love liberty and cherish freedom. The world is truly a better place because of their courage.  Read my full Veterans Day statement on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1xDWRoM
Happy 239th birthday, United States Marine Corps. To all those who have courageously served, we thank you for your sacrifice.
As part of my Northern Panhandle tour, I stopped by Generations Restaurant in Wheeling yesterday to meet with organizers of the fifth annual Veterans Day 10K Race, which is set for tomorrow at 8:30 a.m. I strongly encourage all those who live in Wheeling and the surrounding areas to attend and cheer on the participants. This is a great opportunity to show your support for our West Virginia veterans.   For more information on the race, please click here: http://www.active.com/wheeling-wv/running/distance-running-races/veterans-day-10k-run-walk-2014
Whether Democrat, Republican or Independent, we are all Americans first, and as Americans, we have assumed the right and the civic duty to vote for our country’s future. Many have sacrificed to protect our basic right to vote, and today, I encourage all West Virginians to head to the polls and cast your ballots. Your vote is your voice and your future.   Click here to find your West Virginia polling location: bit.ly/1tX4x6d
NA
I had a wonderful day in Fairmont and Morgantown yesterday focusing on economic development and community investments with local residents and business leaders. I was proud to join FHL Bank to present nearly $1.8 million in affordable housing grants for eight state projects. I also visited the Greater Morgantown Convention and Visitors Bureau's new visitor center and stopped by to celebrate the grand opening of the United Federal Credit Union's new Star City location. I spent the afternoon touring the West Virginia Junior College, and I ended the day at Camp Mountaineer, the Mountaineer Area Boy Scouts facility.  I look forward to meeting with West Virginians again today at events in Doddridge, Ritchie, Pleasants and Tyler Counties to hear their concerns and ideas for making the Mountain State an even better place to live and do business.
I wish all West Virginians a fun and safe Halloween season. Whether you are going trick-or-treating tonight or celebrating tomorrow evening, I encourage you to check out the CDC's Halloween health and safety tips before heading out the door:  http://www.cdc.gov/family/halloween/
I have always said, if you want to help a veteran, hire a veteran – and do business with the folks who hire veterans. I am proud that the leaders at Textron, Verizon Communications Inc. and Teach for America have made the decision to join our "I Hire Veterans" initiative, and I look forward to working with them, my colleagues in Congress and the organizations and companies across America who have committed to helping reduce our veterans’ high unemployment rate.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7171adbe-047e-4948-a770-36e5d46604a3
Senator Manchin hosted Senator Sheldon Whitehouse from Rhode Island for a tour of West Virginia’s energy facilities to demonstrate the state’s ability to utilize diverse energy resources. Manchin emphasized the importance of investing in the technology needed to provide cleaner power while also ensuring reliable and affordable electricity throughout the U.S.  As part of the tour, Manchin and Whitehouse toured the National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL) in Morgantown and met with experts to gather information about the facility’s development of ongoing technology projects, including carbon, capture and storage.    (Photo courtesy of NETL Multimedia)
Senator Manchin hosted Senator Sheldon Whitehouse from Rhode Island in West Virginia for a tour of West Virginia’s energy facilities to demonstrate the state’s ability to utilize diverse energy resources. Senator Manchin emphasized the importance of investing in the technology needed to provide cleaner power while also ensuring reliable and affordable electricity throughout the United States. This trip is part of an ongoing dialogue between the two Senators about the need to find meaningful solutions to develop the technology necessary to produce affordable and reliable electricity that meets our nation’s energy needs while also addressing the adverse effects of climate change.
There is nothing more important to me than traveling across our great state and hearing West Virginians' ideas and concerns. Thank you to all of the wonderful residents in Hampshire County and Hardy County for participating in our events yesterday at the Eastern West Virginia Community and Technical College and at the Romney Senior Center. I'm looking forward to continuing my trip today in the Eastern Panhandle.
ICYMI: After traveling around Rhode Island’s coastal areas, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse and I went on The Ed Show to talk more how we can move forward to establish an all-of-the-above energy policy.
Senator Manchin traveled to coastal areas of Rhode Island with his colleague, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse to learn more about the effects climate change has on the Rhode Island shoreline. The trip was planned as a part of the Senators’ ongoing discussions about the need for meaningful conversations that lead to real solutions on combatting the adverse effects of climate change while also developing the technology necessary to produce affordable and reliable electricity that meets our nation’s growing energy needs.   Senator Whitehouse will travel to West Virginia on October 22.
Ensuring that all individuals have protection against domestic violence just makes common sense. That’s why I am a proud cosponsor of the "Violence Against Women Act." Since it first passed in 1994,  domestic violence has been reduced by more than 50 percent through the critical programs it funds. But still, domestic violence remains a terrifying reality. This Domestic Violence Awareness Month, I urge all West Virginians to help raise awareness for the millions of brave survivors and for those who are still suffering.
Congratulations to Wheeling Park High School teacher Gail Adams on being named West Virginia's Teacher of the Year. I know I speak for all West Virginians in thanking Gail for always motivating and challenging our students to reach the highest levels of achievement.   http://www.wtrf.com/story/26741178/wheeling-park-high-school-teacher-chosen-as-west-virginias-teacher-of-the-year
There are so many young West Virginians who are making a difference by helping others, and I encourage them to apply for the 20th annual Prudential Spirit of Awards Program by November 4. This is an opportunity for students in grades 5-12 who are involved in volunteer community service to be recognized and rewarded for their outstanding contributions to their communities. State honorees will will receive a $1,000 award, an engraved silver medallion and a trip to Washington, D.C. on May 2-5, 2015 for the national recognition events.   Read more about the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards Program, including how to apply: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=db506936-7e9d-46ef-9b6d-73b39630d06d
NA
Today is World Habitat Day, and I am proud to join individuals around the world in calling attention to the need for livable housing. As West Virginians, we understand the importance of helping our neighbors who are struggling. By working together, we can all do our part to offer those in need something more than four walls: we can provide them with the hope and the help they need to get back on their feet.  For the 1.6 billion people around the world who are living in homelessness or without decent housing, I encourage all citizens of the Mountain State to help raise awareness of this critical issue and support Habitat for Humanity: http://www.almostheavenhabitat.org/
For those bright young men and women in West Virginia who feel a calling to serve and who are serious about duty, honor, commitment and our country—I strongly urge you to apply for a Service Academy Nomination. The deadline is October 31.   Please find the application as well as the Service Academy Nomination Checklist on my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/service-academy-nominations
NA
Congratulations to the students, teachers and families at C.W. Shipley Elementary School in Harpers Ferry and Woodsdale Elementary School in Wheeling for being recognized as West Virginia’s National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2014. At every school across West Virginia, it is crucial that we create an educational environment where our kids are engaged, challenged and given the opportunity to be the best they can possibly be. These two schools have proven to exceed these expectations, and I am proud of their successful efforts to give our young students the necessary support so that they can truly excel and shine.  Read more:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=88419685-39f0-433f-a47f-e92f84481f8a
I'm pleased that both Berkeley County and Harrison County have been designated as High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) and will receive additional federal resources to address the influx of drugs and reduce drug abuse. I have every assurance that our local law enforcement officials who are on the frontlines of this fight will put these resources to good use.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b80e58ef-58e1-4230-b40b-9a73b0ea0574
Today is Gold Star Mother’s Day, and I encourage all West Virginians to take a moment to honor the sacrifices of the mothers and families who have lost loved ones in defense of our country. Let today be a reminder to us all that the freedoms and liberties we enjoy come at a steep cost. On behalf of our entire state, I express my unconditional gratitude for the Gold Star Families across West Virginia and our great country.
NA
Senator Manchin met with the dedicated cadets of the Civil Air Patrol at Grant County Airport.
Drug Take-Back Day is a simple and common sense initiative we can all rally around to combat drug abuse, and I hope all West Virginians will participate this Saturday, September 27 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.  For more information, including drop-off locations in your area, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=364e6880-a664-4c41-b1f7-8452e5f517e9
The GEAR UP Program has already seen effective results in increasing the number of students entering and succeeding at the college level in West Virginia, and I am pleased that the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission has been awarded its second consecutive GEAR UP grant. By providing greater access to college, this program will help build the educated workforce we need to keep our economy growing and to maintain a competitive edge in the global marketplace.  http://www.wvhepc.com/west-virginia-awarded-21-million-gear-up-college-readiness-grant/ 
I join West Virginians today to quietly reflect on the sacrifices and patriotism of Americans who, in answering the call of duty, did not return home. On this National POW/MIA Recognition Day, let us all remember how lucky we are to be Americans, and the debt we have to the Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, and Marines who were killed, captured, or remain missing in action in defense of our great nation. So today, let us judge ourselves by the success of our efforts to account for and repatriate the remains of all of our brave veterans.  We are eternally grateful for their service and sacrifice. They will never be forgotten.
West Virginia has built a reputation of service and sacrifice, and I truly believe we are the most patriotic state in the nation. So for those bright young men and women who feel a calling to serve and who are serious about duty, honor, commitment and our country—I strongly urge you to apply for the opportunity to serve and become a part of this proud tradition. I look forward to reviewing the applications and helping our West Virginia students reach America’s esteemed institutions—whether it is U.S. Air Force, Military, Naval or Merchant Marine Academy.   To learn more, please visit my website at manchin.senate.gov or watch my video message: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTvqF2CbhfY&feature=youtu.be 
The EPA has accepted our request and will be now be taking comments on the Clean Power Plan Proposed Rule until December 1. The potential adverse effects of the EPA’s rule on carbon emissions cannot be overstated – the rule could fundamentally impact the affordability and reliability of the electric grid. However, I am pleased that the EPA has at least agreed to extend the comment period and give all stakeholders and the public the proper timeframe they need to fully understand the mechanics of the rule and its likely impacts – and to comment appropriately. West Virginians who have not yet submitted their comments, I encourage you to do so.  For more information on how to submit comments, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/manchin-encourages-west-virginians-to-submit-concerns-to-federal-register-on-epa-carbon-emissions-rule
Today I introduced legislation with Senator Pat Toomey that will  restore critical job services to our brave veterans. We must do everything we can to ensure that our heroes, who have sacrificed so much in defense of our country, receive the best care and services when they return home, and that starts by helping them find secure, good-paying jobs.  To read more about the Protect VETS Act, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2a5ad04f-d66c-4ef0-a3e7-3c6e575b3f86
On this day in 1787, the supreme law of our great land, the United States Constitution, was signed by our Founding Fathers. As we celebrate the anniversary of this event that truly defined us as Americans, let us also honor the memory of the our beloved Senator Robert C. Byrd, who is responsible for designating September 17 every year officially as “Constitution Day.” Senator Byrd’s great passion for the Constitution and his unwavering dedication to West Virginia and our nation should inspire us every day, but especially today as we commemorate this signing of the document that changed our history.  In 2005, Senator Byrd gave the inaugural Constitution Day address at Shepherd University. Today, I encourage all West Virginians to watch his speech from that day and reflect on the many blessings and liberties that bind us together as “We The People.” http://cs.pn/1u7EmH6
ICYMI: Today I delivered a speech on the Senate floor outlining why I oppose funding, arming or training Syrian opposition forces.
Today I spoke to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and General Martin Dempsey before a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, where I expressed support for striking Islamist terrorists when they threaten America or Americans, but strongly objected to American involvement in a Syrian or Iraqi ground war.
ICYMI: Last night I went on Hardball with Chris Matthews to explain why I cannot support arming or training of the Syrian opposition force as part of our nation's strategy to defeat Islamic State militants.
ICYMI: This morning I spoke with CNN's Chris Coumo on New Day to express the concerns I have with the U.S. strategy to fight Islamic State militants, specifically the arming or training of the Syrian opposition force.
Today, Gayle and I mourn the loss of a true West Virginian, Shelley Moore. She was an amazing woman who represented the people of West Virginia with grace and dignity as first lady, but whose love and tenderness as a mother and friend touched so many. Our thoughts and prayers are with her family today, and I encourage everyone across our state to take a moment to honor and remember the life of a great West Virginian.
It was an honor to join Governor Tomblin this morning at Coopers Rock State Forest for the dedication of the beautiful Cheat Canyon. Thank you to all those who have been tirelessly working to protect this truly special place in our state.
ICYMI: Thanks Abby Huntsman and everyone else at MSNBC's The Cycle for having me on the show this afternoon.
As co-founder of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, Senator Manchin hosted a veteran employment forum for veterans at the Capitol to help connect veterans with experienced and successful business leaders.
ICYMI: I was pleased to join Brian Kilmeade on Fox News earlier to discuss President Obama's plan to defeat the Islamic State.
On the 13th anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks, we come together as a nation to reflect and remember the many lives lost on one of the most horrific days in American history. The shocking images of the Twin Towers falling, the Pentagon in flames, and the rural Pennsylvania field scattered with fiery debris will be forever imbedded in our minds as the terrifying tragedy that all Americans endured together. September 11, 2001 was a turning point for American history, but it was also the event that united us stronger than ever before. American flags graced every front porch and the Pledge of Allegiance was recited with unparalleled passion and patriotism. Now, it is time that we rekindle the spirit of unity that we felt in the aftermath of those terrible attacks. In our shared grief, it is important that we put aside our political differences for our common trust in this great nation. As we remember and honor the victims and their families, I urge all West Virginians to recommit themselves to serving their neighbors, strengthening their communities, and showing the world yet again why we are the greatest nation on Earth. May God bless us all and may God bless America.
Earlier on MSNBC's Morning Joe, I discussed what I want to hear tonight in President Obama's strategy to defeat the Islamic State.
September is Hunger Action Month, and I am proud to participate in the Facing Hunger Foodbank Post-A-Plate initiative. There are too many families and individuals who are struggling to put food on the table and suffering from hunger. Sadly, many of these individuals are our brave veterans, aging seniors and young, innocent children. I encourage all West Virginians to participate in the Post-A-Plate project and take action within your local communities to help end hunger now. As your U.S. Senator, I will continue to be a proud supporter of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), which critically provides nutrition assistance to individuals and families in need.  To learn more about how you can help, please click here: http://facinghunger.org/8-home/39-hunger-action-month   #HungerActionMonth2014 #EndHungerNow
Congratulations Brittany Valdez, a Shinnston native and West Virginia University graduate student, for being chosen to represent West Virginia at the White House today as one of ten nationwide 2014 Champions of Change. Brittany is being honored for her work to develop the TaptoTalk smartphone application as a communication tool for first responders in emergency situations. I thank Brittany for her dedication to protecting the lives of all West Virginians. Her focus on innovation and safety encourages a culture of technological advancement that I am excited to see West Virginia continue to develop and embrace.   http://1.usa.gov/1pLxkDW
Our brave veterans and active service members have risked their lives for our great country, and there is nothing more devastating than knowing that some of our courageous heroes come home and find themselves in severe psychological trauma. Even one military suicide is too many. This Veteran Suicide Prevention Month, I strongly encourage all West Virginians to learn more, get involved and help prevent military and veteran suicide, because the health and well-being of our veterans should always remain a top priority for all West Virginians and Americans:  http://www.militaryfamily.org/feature-articles/suicide-prevention.html
Happy National Grandparents Day to all of the proud West Virginia grandparents. Gayle and I are so blessed to have eight beautiful grandchildren, Kelsey, Joey, Madeline, Chloe, Sophie, Jack, Carly and Vivian. Here are just a few of my favorite moments with some of them. National Grandparents Day was founded by Marian McQuade of Oak Hill, West Virginia in 1978 and will continue to be a testament to West Virginians’ commitment and love for our families.
Don't forget to RSVP to IHireVets@manchin.senate.gov if you are planning to attend the veterans employment forum next week. Again, this is a fantastic opportunity to sit down in a small group setting with  business and political leader to discuss veterans issues and policy options. For more information, please visit my website:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=26cdbc0f-0697-44f5-a274-1dda679c6bc9
I strongly encourage all veterans, as well as Active, Reserve, National Guard, military families, and supporters to attend the Veterans Employment Forum I will be hosting on September 10th in Washington, D.C. This is an incredible opportunity. Please visit my website for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1pcLCNG
On this Labor Day, I encourage all West Virginians to take a moment in between picnics, parades and time with family and friends to reflect on the true reason for this annual celebration—our dedicated American workforce.  It is so important not just today, but every day, for us to pay tribute to the hardworking men and women across West Virginia and America whose strength, vision and drive have been the bedrock of this great country. Our labor workers represent the heart of America, taking pride in their work and always going the extra mile to do the job right. So on behalf all West Virginians, I want to express my utmost gratitude to our workers for supporting our communities, keeping our country running every day, and contributing immeasurably to America’s economic prosperity.  To learn more about the history of this annual American celebration, please click here: http://www.dol.gov/laborday/history.htm
I strongly encourage all veterans, as well as Active, Reserve, National Guard, military families, and supporters to attend the Veterans Employment Forum I will be hosting on September 10th in Washington, D.C. This is an incredible opportunity. Please visit my website for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1pcLCNG
NA
NA
Every year, the U.S. Senate Youth Program brings together the brightest young leaders from around our country for a once-in-a lifetime opportunity to experience American democracy. During the program, our students will get a firsthand look at the U.S. Senate, and they will gain an unparalleled understanding of the political processes of our government. This is a truly special opportunity for our West Virginia students to explore a future in public service, and I strongly encourage those who are interested in government to apply for this outstanding program. For more information and for details on how to apply, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ea29fbf8-d8a2-4ec5-8992-e2fafbe91463
Thank you to the wonderful Buckhannon and Philippi residents and the Tucker County High School students for speaking with me today and sharing your ideas on how to move our state and our nation forward. I truly look forward to my next visit.
Thanks to my good friend Coach Nick Saban, or as we know him in West Virginia “Brother Saban,” for nominating me to take the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. Also a big thanks to my wife Gayle for helping me complete the challenge. I have proudly accepted, and I will be donating to help find a cure for ALS. I now nominate my friends Nick Casey for WV, Congressman Nick Rahall, Natalie Tennant, Glen Gainer, West Virginia University President Gordon Gee and Marshall University President Stephen Kopp. Good luck!   Learn more about ALS and donate to the cause at www.alsa.org.
Congratulations to Yummy Bags Ministry in Hinton, Our House Our Youth Center in Parsons and A Hit for Our LC Kids in Weston. These West Virginia organizations have won the State Farm Neighborhood Assist funding and have proven to be among America’s greatest charitable programs. This year, thousands of causes from around the country were submitted and these organizations made the final 40 to win $25,000 each for their cause. This funding will be used to make positive changes that will benefit the families and children in their communities. Thank you for your honorable efforts to make a positive impact in the Mountain State.   To read more about the State Farm Neighborhood Assist Program and to see how each West Virginia organization plans to use their $25,000 grant, please click here: https://apps.facebook.com/sf_neighbor_assist/ 
Today was a tremendous step forward in fighting the prescription drug abuse epidemic that is rampant across West Virginia and our country. As Governor and now as U.S. Senator, I have diligently fought to stem the tide on the prescription drug abuse, and rescheduling these highly addictive drugs will help prevent them from getting into the wrong hands and devastating families and communities.  Please visit my website to read my full statement on the DEA's official announcement to reschedule hydrocodone-combination drugs:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a1a1d1b8-623c-42e2-961c-4efeafb197a2
Over the past 50 years, the Job Corps program has succeeded tremendously in helping West Virginia's youth, providing the education, training and support to help them create a successful and meaningful career path. I encourage West Virginians to celebrate the Job Corps' 50th anniversary by participating in the upcoming local activities:   TODAY: Open House, Wednesday, Aug. 20, 2014 from 4:00-7:00 p.m.  State Capitol Tour and Meet & Greet with Governor Tomblin, Thursday, Aug. 21, 2014 at 9:30-11:30 a.m.  National Job Corps Commencement Day, Friday, Aug. 22, 2014 at 2:30 p.m. 
I am thrilled that the state-of-the-art Advanced Technology Center has officially opened its doors today at Bridge Valley Community and Technical Center in South Charleston. For our employers to be competitive, they need a highly educated technical workforce. That’s why as your Governor and as your U.S. Senator, I have always been committed to bringing the most cutting edge training facilities to the Mountain State. This Advanced Technology Center, as well as the ATC that is currently under construction in Fairmont, will give West Virginians access to a world-class facility and quality educational programming to be competitive in a global market.
NA
My staff and I enjoyed the delicious corn on the cob yesterday at the State Fair of West Virginia. Thank you, Shady Spring FFA Chapter!
From the delicious foods to the countless events and activities, there’s something for everyone to enjoy at the West Virginia State Fair, one of our state’s greatest traditions. I encourage all West Virginians to attend the State Fair this week. This is a great opportunity to experience the best of West Virginia’s culture while indulging in good food and fun. During the years, Gayle and I have always enjoyed our many visits to the State Fair, and I hope you and your family and friends will do the same.   http://statefairofwv.com/ 
I was honored to join hundreds of our brave Marines from around the country this morning at the Marine Corps League National Convention in Charleston. Thank you all for making the trip to our great state.
I am pleased to announce that the NIH’s National Institute for Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) has outlined the scientific studies it will conduct on the chemicals spilled into the Elk River from the Freedom Industries plant.  To read more, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0ba4611d-eb5e-4e36-a74f-1779e40838d3
On August 5, 1967, I truly became the happiest man in the world. Happy anniversary, Gayle, and thank you for 47 wonderful years of marriage, and for your endless love and support. To celebrate this day, I’d like to share the song that we first danced to as a couple. Enjoy! http://bit.ly/1qVunrG 
I have seen firsthand the impact that the drug abuse epidemic has had on families and communities in West Virginia and across our country. That is why I am disappointed that Kroger has failed to address this problem proactively by refusing to terminate sales of single-ingredient pseudoephedrine products found in some cold medicines that are frequently used to make meth. I am also disappointed that Kroger has not lowered its yearly sales limits of pseudoephedrine, which Fruth Pharmacies, CVS, Rite-Aid and Walgreens already have implemented voluntarily in West Virginia. I truly hope Kroger reconsiders its recent decision.   http://www.wvgazette.com/article/20140804/GZ01/140809747
I am deeply concerned that Alpha has announced up to 1,100 miners' jobs in West Virginia may be in jeopardy because of the federal government's overreaching regulations that create uncertainty for businesses and weak market conditions in the energy sector. I will continue to monitor this developing situation. In the meantime, my office stands ready to provide federal assistance if available to affected miners and their families during this troublesome time.
Yesterday I voted to pass the Highway and Transportation Funding Act, because without the stable funding provided by the Highway Trust Fund, more than 200 ongoing federally funded highway projects would have been jeopardized in West Virginia alone. I would have preferred to vote on a long-standing federally funded transportation and highway package or the Senate’s version of this bill, which would have reauthorized the funding until December and would have allowed the opportunity to craft a long-term deal. However, we simply could not afford to postpone funding these projects; not a single state could take that risk. We needed to vote on approving this funding immediately.   To read my full statement, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8ecde9a9-ffaa-42f9-9f07-12a2cc1e6362 
I am encouraged that both the Senate and the House worked together in a bipartisan way to enact legislation that will help reduce wait times for our veterans at VA medical care facilities across the country. We owe it to our veterans to make sure our VA facilities can provide the services they need, as well as the staff and resources necessary, to operate these medical centers efficiently and effectively.  To read more on the Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act, please visit my website:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ef992505-d45c-40c6-8290-4bb93e62bef2
I had the opportunity yesterday to testify at the EPA's public hearing on the proposed Clean Power Plan that would limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel power plants.   To read my remarks, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d3111a74-65a2-4dc8-a97c-e6623436522d
Yesterday, I was pleased to introduce legislation to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. As a former West Virginia small business owner, I know that businesses are the engine for economic growth and long-term stability and prosperity, and it is truly beneficial for those businesses to reach broader markets and new customers The Ex-Im Bank creates jobs and helps U.S. businesses, big and small, sell their products overseas at no cost to the federal government. We cannot afford to let the Ex-Im Bank expire while many other countries – like China, India and Brazil – have expanded their credit assistance to exporters. In order to stay competitive abroad and boost our economy at home, our business exporters need certainty that they can receive the financial loan guarantees to invest and sell internationally. I also believe that if we are truly committed to protecting our global environment, the U.S. should lead the world in clean coal technology, which is why I am introducing an amendment that helps U.S. businesses export that technology to the rest of the world.  To read more about our legislation, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7c21e659-1b3d-401e-b1c2-e9b7cc7919e8
ICYMI: With more than 38,000 miles of public roads within West Virginia’s borders to oversee and maintain, investing in our infrastructure is one of the best ways to create jobs and boost economic development and prosperity, while also improving the conditions in our local communities.  Read my full statement on the Senate passage of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d1973a5c-5df9-472e-b104-60e6c5fbb750
Our staff was thrilled to join hundreds of West Virginians, including former Logan High School Coach Willie Akers and his WVU teammate, the legendary Jerry West, for the ribbon-cutting ceremony at the Artie Museum in Raleigh County. My dear friend and former college and high school basketball coach Tex Williams contributed the memorabilia for the museum, which is housed in the old Artie Post Office. Thanks to all those who participated in the celebration of this incredible landmark.
West Virginia is one of the most patriotic states in the country, and we are proud of the number of veterans and active duty members who have served honorably. That is why representatives from my state offices continue to host outreach events at select veteran-centered locations to meet with veterans and those who serve them. For a full schedule of our veterans outreach events: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/events
Thanks again to all those who participated in last night's "Hollow" documentary viewing and discussion. It was a pleasure to have Elaine, her team, and the residents of McDowell County in Washington to view this remarkable film, and I am so thankful for the opportunity to have this important discussion in our nation’s capital. McDowell County is a special place, and its story resonates with many counties and small towns across America.  It is past time that we broaden this discussion to a national level and determine how to rebuild and revitalize these communities, which have helped build America and are without a doubt the heart of this great country.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=09b116bc-2d89-4aee-af40-599cf9d34657
Senator Manchin and filmmaker Elaine McMillion Sheldon hosted a viewing of the award-winning “Hollow” documentary in Washington, D.C. More than 250 people attended the reception and viewing, which was held at the United States Capitol Building. The film, which has been nominated for a 2014 Emmy Award and was awarded a 2013 Peabody Award, is an interactive documentary that features the stories of individuals living in McDowell County, West Virginia. It merges cinematic techniques with web-based storytelling to encourage a dialogue about the issues that small-town America faces.
I am so pleased to announce that a clear partnership has been formed today in Washington, D.C. between the federal and state agencies who are on the front lines of ensuring West Virginia’s water supply is without a shadow of a doubt safe to use and drink. We have all agreed that it is necessary to conduct additional scientific testing to rebuild West Virginians’ confidence that the water they use and drink every day is safe for themselves and their children, and to ensure there is a clear understanding of any potential long-term health impacts. These tests should be completed within a year, at which point we will come together to assess the findings and determine what additional steps we will need to take.  Read more at my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=33e9eaed-9d3c-40cb-b36d-e4c7d799ca62
The "Turn This Town Around" project is a great opportunity to get involved and make a difference in your local community. Through this program, residents in Grafton and Matewan have been organizing restoration and development projects that will improve their towns. I encourage all West Virginians to look into this opportunity to revitalize their communities. The next meeting is in Grafton on August 4th. For more information on the project, please click here: http://ttta.wvfocus.com/
We must keep working to ensure that our miners are never denied benefits due to unethical legal and medical practices. Read the statement I submitted this morning at the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee hearing in response to the 2013 Center for Public Integrity (CPI) report on black lung benefits: 1.usa.gov/1jTrgNQ
I'm looking forward to this evening's viewing of the Emmy-nominated "Hollow" documentary. If you are in the Washington D.C. area and are still interested in attending the event, please RSVP to HollowEvent@manchin.senate.gov. If you can't make it to the event, I encourage you to check out the award-winning film online: http://hollowdocumentary.com/
WorkForce West Virginia is hosting an informational meeting for coal miners who have lost their jobs tomorrow at 1 p.m. at the Madison Civic Center. This is a great opportunity to get the right information  to find job openings and to develop the skillsets necessary to fill those open positions.  http://wvmetronews.com/2014/07/08/coal-mining-retraining-recruitment-efforts-continue/
Congratulations to the Morgan Arts Council in Berkeley Springs for receiving up to $25,000 through the NEA “Our Town” grant program.  This funding will support arts programming at the Digital Media Center for Public Engagement, and the program will train local residents on media arts, videography, lighting, reporting, scripting, acting and directing. All content created at the new media center will highlight local events and activities, attract tourists and promote the rich culture and traditions of the area. This is great news for the Berkeley Springs community.
I am proud to announce that Charles Town, West Virginia will receive  funding for the Charles Town Washington Heritage Arts & Culture District. Charles Town and the entire Eastern Panhandle is such a beautiful place to live and visit, rich with a unique heritage, a robust artistic community and a fascinating history that is so closely intertwined with the founding of our country. Charles Town is already a gateway for many tourists and visitors, and that’s why it is important that we not only preserve the city’s one-of-a-kind heritage, but we must also do all we can to develop and grow its distinct culture. I am pleased that the NEA has agreed to partner with the Charles Town community to establish the Washington Heritage Arts and Culture District. This project will truly help this already vibrant community flourish and it will attract businesses, residents and visitors to Jefferson County.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fdba7d66-b736-4950-b42b-30952cd3fd6c 
Today, I voted in support of overturning the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby decision that ruled for-profit companies can opt out of providing contraceptives to their employees because of religious beliefs. As Governor and U.S. Senator, I have always fought to protect the sincerely-held religious views of non-profit organizations, like soup kitchens, colleges, hospitals and similar non-profit organizations. However, for-profit corporations do not have the same legal privileges as non-profits, and therefore they should not have the same protections as non-profits recognized by law as being a religious organization. This legislation strikes a balance between allowing non-profit organizations to hold onto their religious views while ensuring that Americans have access to safe, affordable and reliable preventative health benefits.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=136b951e-5a44-4800-a76b-414c6b65d40b
Today, I voted to support the nominations of Cheryl LaFleur to be Chair of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and Norman Bay to be a member on the Commission. I have serious concerns about Mr. Bay’s lack of regulatory experience, but after assurances from Senator Landrieu and the White House, I believe it’s acceptable that nine months on the Commission will help prepare him to take over as Chairman. I have always said that our country should establish an all-of-the-above energy policy that is focused on the reliability of our grid system rather than the desirability of currently unobtainable environmental goals. I hope today’s vote puts us on that path.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e4ae5885-d8fa-42e1-9d01-5f211659cf38
Have you seen the award-winning "Hollow" documentary? Please take a minute to watch the compelling trailer and join me, my staff and filmmaker Elaine McMillion Sheldon for a special viewing in Washington D.C. on July 22 from 6-8 p.m. For more information or to RSVP: HollowEvent@manchin.senate.gov  http://bit.ly/1tMSFFv
West Virginians, please join me, my staff and filmmaker Elaine McMillion Sheldon for a special viewing of the award winning documentary, “Hollow,” in Washington, D.C. on July 22 from 6-8 p.m.  RSVP to HollowEvent@manchin.senate.gov or call (202)224-3954.
Right now, we are facing a serious transportation infrastructure crisis. If we do not come together to find a solution to this dire issue, various transportation projects in the Mountain State and all across this country will be left incomplete, which jeopardizes good-paying jobs and the safety of our commuters and travelers. Reliable and innovative transportation infrastructure not only keeps our citizens safe, but it is also critical to helping us attract the businesses that create jobs and the residents who drive economic development. This is not a Democratic or Republican issue; this is an American issue that concerns the safety of our citizens and the stability of our national economy. I thank Senator Rockefeller, Congressman Rahall and Secretary Foxx for joining me today at the DRWV Foundation's Transportation and Infrastructure Summit to discuss this important issue.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=93b4bbd1-c27c-4401-8683-4e2576dee33d
Today I was proud to join 200 veterans and supporters in Huntington for the 96th Annual West Virginia American Legion State Convention. Congratulations on 96 years of service to our state, our nation and our veterans.   Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d79c788a-4c1f-4fd6-9ca7-1b9d28f64873
West Virginians, if you haven't cast your vote for the West Virginia State Police cruiser in the Best Looking Cruiser Contest, I encourage you to do so before July 15. We're neck and neck with the Ohio Highway Patrol for the win. To vote, just "Like" the photo of the West Virginia cruiser, and please remember to share it on your own page.
Yesterday I submitted my concerns to the Federal Register regarding the EPA's proposed rule that limits carbon dioxide emissions from existing coal-fired power plants.   The EPA will be accepting comments until October 16, 2014. West Virginians who would like to submit a comment, please reference the Docket ID: EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0602. To review the process on how to submit a comment and to review the comment that I submitted yesterday, please visit my website:  1.usa.gov/1jhxxT7
Congratulations to Heavenly Adkins of St. Albans, Ace Lipscomb of Princeton and Cedar Sands of New Martinsville, who are the West Virginia winners of the Library of Congress’ Letters About Literature Contest. More than 50,000 young readers from across the country participated in this year’s Letters About Literature initiative, a national reading and writing program that asks young people in grades 4 through 12 to write to an author about how his or her book affected their lives.  With this outstanding academic achievement, these young West Virginians have made our state very proud.   To learn more about the Letters About Literature Contest, please click here: http://www.read.gov/letters/
Substance abuse has ravaged West Virginia, and the local production and abuse of methamphetamine has only added to the epidemic. I applaud CVS’s commitment to terminating local sales of single-ingredient pseudoephedrine products. This move will undoubtedly help curb the growth of meth labs and meth abuse in our state.    Read more: http://www.wvgazette.com/article/20140707/GZ01/140709584/1419#sthash.quEqx2fh.dpuf
I wish all of you a safe and enjoyable Fourth of July. As we gather together for parades, barbecues, picnics and fireworks, let us also remember the true reasons why we observe this national celebration.   God bless you and your families, God bless the great state of West Virginia and God bless America.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=bc6fb641-c885-4c20-b06f-277795967fba
I enjoyed visiting the Clarksburg VA this morning and was very pleased to see the high quality of care, the cleanliness of the facilities and the competent health services available to our veterans. As I toured the medical center and met with many patients, veterans and staff members, I received overwhelmingly positive feedback. The reports from the national VA audit that were recently released did not match the reports I gathered firsthand today. I plan to look into how the audit report was conducted and to discuss these issues with the new VA Secretary nominee, Bob McDonald. I thank our Clarksburg VA Director, Beth Brown, and the entire staff for their hospitality and for the great work they do every day to take care of our veterans.
ICYMI: I was pleased to join Bob Schieffer on  "Face The Nation" yesterday to talk about the situation in Iraq.
In the 151 years of West Virginia’s history, our state has had no greater, more devoted and more beloved statesman than the legendary Senator Robert. C. Byrd, whose life was lost four years ago. Over the past four years, the people of the Mountain State have felt the loss of this great man, who made monumental contributions to not only to our state, but to the American Congress and to the entire nation by serving for 58 years in Washington. His influence truly improved the lives of so many. From the bottom of my heart, it has been an absolute honor and privilege to carry on his legacy in the United States Senate. Each and every day I am guided by his wisdom, and I strive to follow in his footsteps. In commemoration of the life of Senator Byrd and his 63 years of public service, I encourage all West Virginians to reflect on his legacy – a legacy that inspired us all and that will forever live on in the mountains of West Virginia, in the halls of Congress and far, far beyond. May God bless his memory and his great spirit.
ICYMI: Today I joined Senator Whitehouse on the Senate floor to discuss the impacts of climate change and the importance of coal in America’s energy portfolio. I am pleased that we could begin a dialogue on how we can establish an all-of-the-above energy policy that acknowledges the reality of climate change, while also understanding that fossil fuels – including coal – will be a vital part of our energy mix for decades to come.  To watch a video of our remarks, please click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlgCcaIO69o&feature=youtu.be
I am proud to congratulate the city of Williamson for receiving the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) Culture of Health Prize for its work to help improve the community’s health and wellbeing through creative and innovative strategies. There is no sweeter feat than when community members come together to take charge of their own future and make plans to revitalize the place they call home. The Williamson community truly deserves this award for taking matters into its own hands, improving the quality of life for the surrounding area and making it a priority to live healthier lifestyles. I congratulate Williamson’s success and hope the city’s initiatives will inspire other communities around our great state to take action.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4a1e29c8-84f6-404e-9304-8128eb065404
I had a great time meeting with students from McDowell County this afternoon in front of the Senate steps of the United States Capitol Building. I hope they enjoy the rest of their trip to DC.
Happy 151st Birthday West Virginia. Today, I encourage all West Virginians to celebrate our fascinating history, rich culture, strong traditions along with the kind and compassionate people who call the Mountain State their home. God bless the great state of West Virginia!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rq5QKaeu2dg&list=UUGyPK_ye2ptpzQgOjKIn7ag
ICYMI: Yesterday, it was a pleasure to talk to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC's "Andrea Mitchell Reports" to discuss the situation in Iraq.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7hS1rAFVeI&list=UUGyPK_ye2ptpzQgOjKIn7ag
It was an honor to recognize Brianna Vance of Henlawson on the Senate floor today after learning that last week, ten-year-old Brianna helped save her father’s life by posting a video on Facebook seeking help. On June 10th, as a severe storm tore through the area, lightning struck a nearby tree that crashed down on the porch where her Dad and two friends were sitting. Without cell service, Brianna quickly thought to seek help online and posted a Facebook video pleading to send an ambulance to her yellow house. Someone saw her post and called 911. Before long, rescue crews arrived. I am so proud of Brianna, and I know her family and community are, as well. Her heroism helped save lives, and she should be recognized for her bravery.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2j4gyQdq5Q&feature=youtu.be
It was great to meet with the mentors and students of FIRST Robotics Team 2614, Mountaineer Area Robotics from University High School, who visited my office this morning to discuss the importance of education and the expansion of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math programs.  From left to right is mentor Frank Tate, student Sidd Subramanyam, student Kevin Tennant, mentor Alex Stout, and student Ben Taylor.
As our conflicts overseas come to an end and hundreds of thousands of veterans are coming home, it is clear that the demands of the VA have been enormously stretched. However, that is no excuse for the VA’s atrocious mismanagement nor the extensive problems we see at the VA today. We have a responsibility to our veterans to make sure they receive quality health care at every facility, and it is essential to uphold that commitment.   In order to make sure our veterans receive the care that they need and deserve, the VA must be comprehensively reformed. Any failure on the part of the VA to care for our large veterans population is simply unacceptable.   That is why I am pleased that many of my colleagues have come together in a bipartisan way and recognized the urgency in making sure our veterans have immediate access to the services they need. I thank Senators Sanders and McCain for their leadership and their work to find balanced solutions to begin fixing the VA’s numerous inefficiencies. I will continue to closely monitor the VA’s implementation of their reforms as well as all internal investigations conducted by the VA.
ICYMI: In a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, I have called on the Department of Justice to immediately investigate evidence of criminal wrongdoing at Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical facilities.   To read more, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=a0dee8a2-eed3-4273-abf2-07a230716111
We need to strike a balance between our energy needs and global environmental concerns, and I am convinced that the EPA’s proposed rule does not strike that balance. Read my recent op-ed on the EPA's proposal:   http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/06/06/epa-proposal-all-wrong-us-must-strike-balance-between-energy-needs-green-dreams/
Senator Manchin traveled to the Normandy Beaches to celebrate and recognize the 70th anniversary of the D-Day invasion. Senator Manchin was honored to join his Senate colleagues and thousands of veterans and world leaders to remember this significant event and its place in history.
Seventy years ago, Allied forces fearlessly stormed the beaches of Normandy to help end World War II, defeat fascism, and return freedom to Europe. Thousands made the ultimate sacrifice that day, including 38 brave servicemen from West Virginia. Our state has one of the highest rates of military service in the nation, and I’m so proud to honor the veterans of our great state by paying my respects at Normandy today with the brave heroes who fought there. The profound bravery and sacrifice of our D-Day heroes will never be forgotten, and I am filled with so much pride to honor them on this special anniversary.  http://www.army.mil/d-day/index.html
I am so pleased that the Senate voted today to confirm West Virginia native Sylvia Mathews Burwell as the next Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. We are all products of our environment, and I know that Sylvia’s West Virginia roots coupled with her professional experiences have helped mold her aptitude to work in a bipartisan way, combat tough problems, and get things done.   ICYMI: Yesterday I delivered remarks on the Senate floor in support of Sylvia Mathews Burwell:
I was very pleased to meet these wonderful West Virginia 8th grade students from Davis and Thomas outside of the Capitol this afternoon.
Senator Manchin traveled throughout Israel to meet with Israeli officials and reaffirm the importance of our critical alliance between the United States and Israel. Senator Manchin met with senior government officials, toured Holy Sites and met with business and energy leaders. He was accompanied by Rabbi Victor Urecki, who has served as rabbi and spiritual leader of B’nai Jacob Synagogue in Charleston, West Virginia since 1986.
ICYMI: This morning, I was pleased to join the folks at Morning Joe  for a discussion on the EPA's new proposed carbon emissions rules.
NA
There is no doubt that seven billion people have had an impact on our world’s climate; however, the proposed EPA rule does little to address the global problem with global solutions. Instead, today’s rule appears to be more about desirability rather than reliability or feasibility, with little regard for rising consumer prices, the effects on jobs and the impact on the reliability of our electric grid. The President’s own Energy Information Administration (EIA) predicts that coal will continue to provide nearly a third of our electricity through 2040, but the rule seems to ignore that reality.  To read my full statement, please visit my website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=bd8dcc19-d6ec-46f5-960c-1ae69e95cfc5
Varun Kukkillayam, a seventh grader from John Adams Middle School in Charleston, is making the entire Mountain State proud this week as he represents West Virginia in the Scripps National Spelling Bee. I am proud of Varun's talent, hard work and determination, and I wish him the best of luck. Congratulations, Varun!
Memorial Day is an important day in our country to pay tribute to our fallen soldiers and say thank you to the men and women who have so courageously served this country and who continue to serve. We claim the freedoms we enjoy every day because of their sacrifices, and it is because of their dedication, discipline, expertise, and most of all bravery and valor, that we remain a safe, strong and secure nation. As Americans, today is a day to show our deepest gratitude and say thank you to all men and women in uniform or to visit the graves of our Fallen service members.  To read my full Memorial Day statement, please click here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3286041b-238b-44bf-9dc6-e5ca3a01960f
I am proud to have worked on the bipartisan defense package and included ten provisions that will help our veterans find jobs, protect our troops and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our defense industry. To see the provisions I included to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, please click here:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=b658cae9-17ad-428a-8a16-5301143e08c3
Today, I was honored to stand with four living Fighter Aces at the presidential bill signing of my bill, the American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act.
This is a great summer opportunity for our wonderful military families. All summer long, Blue Star Museums will offer free admission to military members and their families at more than 2,000 museums across the country. For more information and for a full list of participating museums in West Virginia, please visit the Blue Star Museums website:
I am very pleased that my bill honoring America's elite fighter pilots will be signed into law this afternoon. The American Fighter Aces are among the best of the best. It is a privilege to publicly thank some of our country’s most courageous and devoted aviators for their heroic military service by celebrating the Fighter Ace tradition and awarding them with the Congressional Gold Medal.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cba1393b-6cd1-470a-9e91-d87099e73a86
Senator Manchin proudly welcomed 30 veterans from West Virginia to the nation’s capital for the state’s fourth “Always Free Honor Flight.” Senator Manchin provided each veteran with a Congressional Record Statement to recognize the veterans’ trip to D.C., which was free of cost and included a tour of the Capitol, the World War II Memorial, the Korean War Memorial and the Vietnam War Memorial.
It is great news that the Kentucky Health Cooperative will join West Virginia’s federal health insurance exchange in time for the 2015 open enrollment period. The addition of the Kentucky-based co-op will spur competition in our marketplace and increase consumer choice for families and small businesses, hopefully leading to lower costs for everyone. I applaud the Governor Tomblin’s Administration for approving this application in record time, and I look forward to working with the Kentucky Health Cooperative and Highmark West Virginia to ensure every West Virginian has access to high-quality, affordable health insurance.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ba0b872c-66b5-4290-9a8d-f769400df18f
I was so honored to welcome West Virginia’s courageous veterans to Washington today for the fourth "Always Free Honor Flight." Of the Honor Flight veterans, five served in World War II, nine served in the Korean War, and 16 served in the Vietnam War. It is because of their bravery that all Americans enjoy the greatest liberties and freedoms in the world.  https://vimeo.com/95991740
Today I got stumped in a West Virginia geography showdown with Andrew Christy, a student at St. Francis Central Catholic School in Morgantown and the three-time state geography bee winner. He stopped by my office today and challenged me with a question about the number of counties that existed in West Virginia at the time we became a state. I'm pleased to say that I was able to stump him back with a question about how West Virginia acquired the land in the Northern Panhandle. It was wonderful to meet Andrew and his family, and I wish him the best of luck in the National Geography Bee.
Each and every day we should show our appreciation to our nation’s heroes, but today, on Armed Forces Day, I especially encourage all West Virginians to take the time to thank a veteran or current serving member of the National Guard, Reserve or active military. Both past and present, our military members are truly the greatest in the world, serving our nation with unsurpassed courage, patriotism and dedication. Because of the bravery and valor of the members of our Armed Forces, we remain safe and secure. Today, I join a grateful nation in celebrating this day in their honor.  http://www.defense.gov/afd/images/ArmedForcesPOSTERproofFINAL_3613.jpg 
I’m honored to receive the “Heroes of Main Street” award again. From working in my grandfather’s grocery store and my father’s furniture shop to starting my own business after college, I have been closely involved in small businesses all my life. I understand the challenges they face and how much they contribute to making this country great. I’ll continue to do all that I can to help our small businesses prosper, grow and expand.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2881f4f3-bf84-4bd4-9fa8-18506a0d7be8
ICYMI: This morning I talked to Brian Kilmeade on Fοx & Friends about partisanship in Washington and its impact on the ability to pass meaningful energy policies.   Watch here:
May is Older Americans Month, and as a member on the Senate Special Committee on Aging, I am proud to celebrate our seniors who have helped build and defend this nation. I encourage all West Virginians and Americans to remember that America’s priorities should be based on our values, and keeping our promises to our seniors should be one of our highest priorities.   For health and safety tips, please click here: http://bit.ly/1g1Ruvo 
Happy Small Business Week to all of the hardworking small business owners and entrepreneurs in West Virginia. I am incredibly proud to recognize your achievements and celebrate your successes. The contributions you make to our economy is essential to growth and prosperity. I join all West Virginians as we thank you for helping to fuel our economy, both locally and nationally. Special congratulations to West Virginia Small Business Owner of the Year Kenneth Allman of Hinton, owner of PracticeLink.com and MountainPlex Properties.  http://www.theet.com/news/local/sba-to-mark-national-small-business-week/article_ca5fd86c-da3f-11e3-88c2-0019bb2963f4.html
My deepest thoughts and prayers are with the families and the loved ones of the tragedy that occurred last night in Boone County. Gayle and I join all West Virginians in sending our deepest condolences to the families of the courageous miners, Eric D. Legg of Twilight and Gary P. Hensley of Chapmanville, whose lives were taken far too soon. My staff and I will do everything we can to assist the families through this difficult time.
On National Law Enforcement Week, we recognize the brave and honorable law enforcement officers who perform an incredible job each and every day. I know I speak for all West Virginians in thanking our police officers and first responders for their unwavering dedication and service, never blinking in the sight of danger, and in honoring those who have lost their lives protecting our communities.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/
Those of us lucky enough to still have our mothers with us should treat every day like it is Mother’s Day. Today I encourage us all to  commemorate our mothers, or those maternal figures in our lives, and recognize the truly meaningful roles they play.  Visit my website to read this week's message from the Hill to the Mountains on Mother's Day:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=56a20e20-3603-45dd-90d7-06c8cf37b9ed
As part of National Teacher Appreciation Week, I was happy to visit Elk Elementary Center School today and talk with the students about the importance of our teachers. I was also extremely pleased to be a part of the manufacturing announcement in South Charleston, where I joined representatives from the RCBI, ATK, the U.S. Navy, and Marshall University to reveal the new 3D Metal Printing Technology.
To all of the military spouses in West Virginia and around the country, we thank you for your incredible courage and sacrifice.    Today is Military Spouse Appreciation Day. Click here to find out how you can get involved and support our military families: http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2014/05/give-thanks-on-military-spouse-appreciation-day/
Did you know that West Virginia's delicious pepperoni roll won first place overall for best state food in America last year? Well, it's time to defend our title. The 2014 Taste of America contest is underway, and I encourage you all to help the Mountaineer snack advance to the second round.   Vote here: http://bit.ly/1jlLf5F 
ICYMI: This morning I was honored to introduce Sylvia Mathews Burwell, a native of Hinton, West Virginia, during her nomination hearing to be the next Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).   Here is the video from this morning's hearing:
As an early Mother's Day tribute, here is a Throwback Thursday photo of Mom and me from 2008.
Watch live as I introduce WV native Sylvia Mathews Burwell at HELP committee: http://1.usa.gov/1mFFnqZ 
NA
It’s National Travel and Tourism Week. From the magnificent New River Gorge National Bridge to the breathtaking Black Water Falls -- and every park and historic sight in between -- our state has an abundance of natural beauty and history to explore. To showcase our state’s unique travel and tourism opportunities, I encourage all West Virginians to share their favorite West Virginia travel destinations on my Facebook page to encourage others to visit our beautiful state.
NA
Happy National Teacher Day and Teacher Appreciation Week to all of the talented educators in West Virginia and around the world. Thank you for your unwavering commitment to educating, challenging and empowering our students each and every day. Your hard work and dedication is appreciated, and we are proud to celebrate you today and every day.
Proud to congratulate Katie Cowie and Olivia Smith, West Virginia's top youth volunteers in the 19th annual Prudential Spirit of Community Award, for their incredibly inspirational volunteer services. These two young leaders have set an extraordinary example to all West Virginians, and their actions should inspire us all to make a difference in our own communities. I applaud Katie and Olivia on their accomplishments and I look forward to the many great things that they will continue to achieve in the future.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1rYUZD8
Senator Joe Manchin visited the NASDAQ MarketSite in Times Square and participated in the Opening Bell Ceremony.
NA
In the next 11 days, I strongly encourage all West Virginians to participate in the State Farm Community Assist Program and help bring $25,000 to organizations in West Virginia.  Out of 4000 submitted causes, the top 200 includes three in the Mountain State:   1.	Our House Youth Center in Parsons 2.	A Hit for Our LC Kids in Weston 3.	Yummy Bags Ministry in Hinton   This grant will help communities in our state fund programs that will expand educational and recreational opportunities for our youth. Anyone who has the free State Farm Neighborhood Assist Facebook application can vote up to 10 times.  Let’s rally for these tremendous West Virginia causes and vote them into the top 40.   http://www.multivu.com/players/English/65562-state-farm-neighborhood-assist-2014/
Very excited to be participating in the NASDAQ OMX Opening Bell Ceremony tomorrow morning at 9:15 a.m. Here is the link to watch live: http://bit.ly/1pWyvH0
I'm very proud of these young West Virginians for their exceptional knowledge of our state's history and culture. Congratulations to all of the 2014 Knights and Ladies of the Golden Horseshoe!  http://www.wvgazette.com/article/20140501/GZ01/140509948/1419
The Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Program (HVRP) will provide an estimated 2,000 veterans with job training to help them succeed in the workplace. I encourage all eligible West Virginia organizations to apply for this great opportunity. Applications will be available until May 14.  Applicants may contact the Grants Officer, Cassandra Mitchell, at 202-693-4589 or mitchell.cassandra@dol.gov.    Click here for more information:  http://www.dol.gov/vets/programs/hvrp/main2014.htm
ICYMI: Earlier I joined the folks at Morning Joe to talk about yesterday's minimum wage vote. The bottom line is we need work together to find middle ground on this issue. I'll continue to work with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in order to find a path forward so that all West Virginians and Americans receive a fair shot.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33LC8QpkVx0&feature=youtu.be
VIDEO: Behind the scene at my interview with Steve McGowan on receiving a Boy Scouts of America Silver Buffalo Award. What an honor. http://bit.ly/1meSY8s 
Today is the last day to vote for your favorite Mountain State restaurant. Click here to submit your nominations for 101 Unique Places to Dine in West Virginia: http://bit.ly/Sblmv8 
I'm disappointed that today the Senate failed to pass an increase in the minimum wage. We can all agree that Americans who work hard and provide for themselves and their families should not live below the poverty line and deserve a raise.  I will continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in order to find middle ground and pass this beneficial, commonsense agenda.  To read my full statement, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ae7fe0f6-db05-493d-9e79-c141bae993a4
It is appalling and completely unacceptable that millions of dollars in bonuses were given to IRS employees who haven’t been paying their taxes. That's why I have introduced the 'No Bonuses for Tax Cheats Act.' No federal agency should reward tax-delinquent employees with taxpayer-funded bonuses, least of all the IRS. I thank my good friend Senator Burr for working with me on this important piece of legislation that will help right this wrong. http://1.usa.gov/1jim1UR
I strongly encourage all West Virginians to take advantage of the Department of Labor's new Job-Driven National Emergency Grant program and apply for funding. This is an incredible opportunity for our state to expand job training programs that will help hardworking West Virginians develop the skill-sets necessary to fill open positions.   For more information, please visit my website:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6459595d-f6ad-4e92-9c60-561f854645a4
See how raising the minimum wage would benefit hard-working families in West Virginia and boost our economy.
So pleased the Veterans Employment Center has finally become a reality. Veterans and transitioning servicemembers deserve a simple, consolidated, and reliable source to connect with employers and search for all available good-paying jobs. This online tool and joint effort is just the beginning of what we can do together to help our veterans quickly apply their military skills to the civilian job market.  For more information, including a link to the Veterans Employment Center, please click here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=39def6ba-5b7c-46a1-a5d2-a7faf4203ddc
ICYMI: The fact that IRS employees with conduct issues and federal tax compliance problems are receiving bonuses is completely unacceptable and must be remedied immediately. Read the letter I wrote to the IRS Commissioner on this issue:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d7b1b8aa-f2d8-4f03-9e79-57dd40ad5405 
National Drug Take Back Day is this Saturday, April 26 from 10:00 a.m.- 2:00 p.m.  This is a tremendous opportunity to safely dispose expired or unused medication and help reduce the risk of prescription drug abuse. In order to build strong, drug-free communities, we need to continue working together as a community. I urge all West Virginians from every corner of the state to locate their nearest drop-off location and clean out their medicine cabinets this Saturday. The service is free and anonymous, no questions asked.  To view a full list of drop-off site locations, please click here: http://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/index.html 
It was wonderful to meet with the dedicated cadets of the Civil Air Patrol at Grant County Airport today.
NA
To read my full statement on the most recent health effect results from the Elk River chemical spill that were released today, please visit my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=cd9e3237-ca45-458c-9341-f6e7f5bee8f3
Today, the the U.S. Department of Labor’s Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) released a rule to lower miners’ exposure to respirable coal mine dust in all underground and surface coal mines. I've always said that when it comes to the coal industry, the health and safety of our miners must be our top priority. Our coal miners have mined the coal that keeps our lights on, heats our homes and powers our businesses and it is unacceptable that they still face the threat of black lung disease. With cases of this debilitating disease again on the rise, I applaud MSHA’s efforts and look forward to working with them to find the most effective way to protect miners.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d3df9bff-efe9-4803-aaf6-b98e4aa462fe
I'm so pleased that Moundsville Power LLC decided to locate in Marshall County. This $615 million energy and economic development investment is great news not only for Moundsville, but also for the Northern Panhandle and our entire state. Yesterday, I spoke with Andy Dorn, managing partner of Moundsville Power, and he shared details of the plant and their plan to use $100 million in natural gas per year. This is a hefty investment that may spur additional development for the region. The company officials truly understand that West Virginia is a great place to do business, and I look forward to working with them to ensure that the plant and the good jobs that come with it become a reality.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3ff6f1bb-1f87-44e7-b4e4-62f14a881358
NA
It's been a great day so far in Calhoun and Wirt counties. I was pleased to meet the students at Arnoldsburg Elementary School and the seniors at Wirt County Senior Center. Also, thank you to the fifth graders at Wirt County Middle School for joining me in planting a sugar maple tree in honor of Earth Day this afternoon.
In honor of Earth Day, I joined Wirt County Middle School students today in planting a sugar maple, the state tree of West Virginia. As a father, grandfather and proud West Virginian, I join millions of Americans and billions of individuals around the world today in celebrating the beauty and splendor of our Earth and in recognizing our shared responsibility to conserve our environment. With rushing streams, divine forests, and majestic mountains, West Virginia boasts a beautiful landscape that must be protected. And far past our humbling mountainsides, lay brilliant ice glaciers, vast blue oceans, lush plains, and a myriad of wildlife that is impossible to ignore. These surroundings encompass the West Virginia, the America and the world wonders we must preserve.  As we commemorate Earth Day, we are also reminded of the great environmental obstacles we face. As I've always said, it’s time for our country to take the lead on safe, clean energy production, especially when it comes to developing the technology and investing in research that will continue to allow us to use all of our God-given natural resources while also ensuring a cleaner, healthier, and more sustainable world for our children and grandchildren. I urge all West Virginians and Americans today to call attention to the need to take care of our planet and to be aware of the real challenges and opportunities we face. We can be the world leader on finding that balance between safe, clean energy production and our economic needs. The future of our planet depends on it.
Spending this beautiful day with my grandchildren Sophie, Vivian and Jack. Got some Easter time trout fishing in earlier. Doesn't get any better than this. Happy Easter!
It is just a shame that in a town where we rarely agree on anything, something like the Keystone Pipeline, which has such strong bipartisan support from Democrats and Republicans, labor unions and business, is being delayed once again. Providing good paying American jobs and strengthening our energy security are reason enough to approve the Keystone Pipeline; now, when you add the fact that the State Department has already said the pipeline will not have an environmental impact, it becomes almost impossible to understand why there would be even further delays.
#ThrowbackThursday: Great old photo I found. Here I am with my late uncle, A. James Manchin and Mark Manchin in Romney with our dear friend Mary Susan Williams.
April 9, 2014, 7:05 a.m. - Sen. Manchin arrives bright and early outside of MSNBC’s studio to meet his Communications Director and other members of his staff for his “Morning Joe” interview.   To see more behind the scenes pictures, visit the "Day in the Life" photo gallery on our website:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=a-day-in-the-life
The Register-Herald's Spring Job Fair is a great opportunity for West Virginia job-seekers to meet employers. I encourage those in the Beckley area who are currently seeking employment to head to Tamarack tomorrow for this wonderful event.   http://www.register-herald.com/latestnews/x1535565823/Spring-Job-Fair-slated-Wednesday-at-Tamarack
The bottom line is that in order to get things done, we need work together as Americans, not as Democrats and Republicans. 
I'm so pleased Sylvia Mathews Burwell, a native West Virginian and current Director of the Office of Management and Budget, has been nominated as the next Secretary for the Department of Health and Human Services. Sylvia’s experience in both the public and private sector, matched with the bipartisan relationships she has built over the years, shows that she is a public servant ready to take on this country’s challenges. I'm confident that her leadership will ensure that we enact commonsense fixes to the Affordable Care Act to help improve the lives of millions of Americans.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e5665525-6c86-46ee-be78-135f3380b202
After this winter’s Polar Vortex, much of the country experienced extremely cold temperatures, which created an unprecedented demand for electricity and pushed the grid to its limits. In fact, a whopping 89% of AEP’s coal units that are slated for retirement were running at full capacity to meet the peak demand during this time. So where does that leave us? Today, I questioned experts from the energy and utilities industries about security and reliability of our electric grid.   Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=82c49086-ed00-46ad-a9d0-cbf0abd0bd68
I’m so proud to support Facing Hunger Foodbank, Huntington’s regional food bank that serves thousands of West Virginians in need. Tomorrow, they will host their annual The Empty Bowls fundraiser and are expected to exceed raising one million total meals since its launch in 2003. I encourage you all to participate in the event and help them reach their goal.   For more info: http://www.marshall.edu/emptybowls/about/
ICYMI: This morning I joined Brian Kilmeade on Fox & Friends to talk about equal pay.
ICYMI: Glad to join the folks at Morning Joe today to talk about equal pay.
My very first vote in the Senate was for paycheck fairness, and I will continue to fight to close the wage gap because people should earn the same pay for doing the same work. It’s past time that we correct this unfairness to make sure that women are paid what they deserve.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=475a3cc6-1fde-4ba5-8e47-9f6022061ba5
NA
ICYMI: I was proud to celebrate Equal Pay Day today and stand up for paycheck fairness on the Senate floor with many of my colleagues. It simply defies common sense that working women in West Virginia earn 70 cents to every dollar a man makes.  It’s past time that we correct this unfairness to make sure that women are paid what they deserve. I will continue to fight for paycheck fairness until all people earn the same pay for the same work.  Also, I  greatly appreciated the witty remarks made by my colleague U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski.
Whether extreme weather hits or an unexpected disaster like January’s chemical spill occurs, it's critical that WV families and businesses are financially prepared for the worst. As part of National Financial Literacy Month, I’m proud to join FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Ready Campaign to highlight the importance of starting early and having a financial plan so that our communities can rebuild and recover more quickly when faced with expensive, financial damages.   For information on financial preparation, please click here. http://www.ready.gov/financialpreparedness 
Last week, something happened in the Senate that rarely occurs in today’s Congress, where partisan gridlock and political dysfunction typically rule. Liberals and conservatives along with moderates and independents worked together to pass a bipartisan bill out of committee, under regular order, that will help ensure our drinking water supplies remain clean and safe.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=4b564acd-78e1-4ae2-8404-f64330c450dc
NA
Congratulations to WVU graduate student Jackie Riggleman who is representing the Mountain State at this year’s National Cherry Blossom Festival in Washington, D.C. Jackie is an accomplished and driven young woman, and  I’m honored to support her endeavors in this year’s Cherry Blossom Festival. Her academic excellence, poise, communication skills, and leadership ability make her an exemplary representative of West Virginia. The Cherry Blossom Festival is a celebration of both the much-appreciated arrival of spring and the diversity of our great nation. West Virginia cherishes Japan’s gift of the beautiful cherry blossom trees that have decorated the district for over 100 years.  A full schedule of Cherry Blossom Princess festivities can be found at www.statesocieties.org.
Four years ago, 29 brave miners — proud fathers, strong brothers, beloved sons and honest neighbors — went to work and never came home to their loved ones. Not a day goes by that I don't think about that day. As Governor at the time, I joined our entire nation as we grieved with their families for their tremendous loss, and today, with heavy hearts, we remember and honor their courage and the incredible strength of their families. Our hearts are still broken, and we will never forget their sacrifice.  This day will always serve as a reminder — a reminder of the love shared for our fallen brothers, a reminder that life is often too short and a reminder that we must always put safety first. The health and safety of our miners will always be our top priority, because no family should ever endure a preventable tragedy like the one at Upper Big Branch again. Although we have much to mourn today, Gayle and I – and all West Virginians – honor the memories of the dedicated souls who lost their lives, as well as their colleagues who continue their work with respect and dignity. Today, we pray for continued strength for the families who lost loved ones on that awful day.
It's always a privilege to visit Camp Dawson and meet with our West Virginia National Guardsmen and women. Their expertise, professionalism and dedication never cease to amaze me. The demonstration I saw today included some of the most advanced tools in our Special Forces toolkit, and this testing and training is being done right here in our great state. I'm proud of West Virginia’s continued contributions to our homeland security and national defense, and I thank our members of the West Virginia National Guard for their service to West Virginia and to our great country.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=f1bef43c-3b70-4a1a-a92c-a54d17f960bb
Today, we're one step closer to making sure our chemical facilities are appropriately monitored and inspected and our drinking water sources remain safe. I want to thank members of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee for reviewing and passing this important piece of legislation, because the bottom line is that no American should have to worry about the contamination of their water supply from a chemical spill. I'm also thankful to work with Chairwoman Boxer and Ranking Member Vitter on supporting this issue that affects the health and well-being of all Americans.  http://1.usa.gov/1fP3R8u
Gayle and I join all West Virginians this evening in sending our prayers to the Soldiers and families of the victims of today's shooting at Fort Hood, Texas. We will keep the Fort Hood community in our thoughts, with hope that they are able to rally together at this most difficult time.
Senator Manchin's staff participated in the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Endoscopy suite at Logan Regional Medical Center. Following the ceremony, staff members joined Congressman Nick Rahall and State Senator Art Kirkendoll on a tour of the new Endoscopy suite led by staff and officials of the hospital.
NA
In honor of Vietnam Veterans Recognition Day, members of our staff yesterday celebrated the brave men and women who served our nation in the Vietnam War. Every day is a day to thank them for their unrelenting commitment to our country.
Senator Manchin visited Boone County for a productive discussion with area residents, including students, medical specialists, public officials and first responders about how we can work together to fight this country’s prescription drug abuse epidemic and make sure that our next generations have a bright future in West Virginia.
ICYMI: Yesterday I went on Fox News to talk about commonsense fixes I've proposed with a group of my colleagues to make the Affordable Care Act work better.   Watch it here:
Thrilled to be spending the day in Boone County. Great discussion this morning with area residents, including students, medical specialists, public officials and first responders about how we can work together to fight this country’s prescription drug abuse epidemic and make sure that our next generations have a bright future in West Virginia.
ICYMI: Yesterday I went on Fox and Friends to talk about the latest  Affordable Care Act delay. Watch here:
NA
It's critical that we continue working to improve the implementation of the Affordable Care Act for American families and businesses. Here are some common sense ideas I'm offering with a group of my Senate colleagues: http://politi.co/1dxR8M5 
Extremely disappointed that our country’s highest court declined to hear such a monumental case.   http://1.usa.gov/1hV3CdP 
From reclassifying hydrocodone controlled substances to banning Zohydro from the marketplace, I will continue to do everything I can to help curb the prescription drug abuse epidemic in West Virginia and across this great nation.  Read this week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains:  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=149a83ef-b37d-4dc9-888b-f969b845d5bd
NA
Next week, my state staff will be hosting four informational sessions for seniors across West Virginia. This is a great opportunity for you, your family, community leaders and caregivers to ask about important services and programs that foster independence, sustain health and wellness and provide aid in times of need. The sessions will be hosted in Beckley, Ranson, Moundsville and Weston.   For more details, please visit my website.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=c278740a-1568-4d8f-bb51-33c22b80d8b2
Must read editorial in today's Charleston Daily Mail about the importance of coming together as a community to rebuild and recover from January's chemical leak.   http://bit.ly/1hOfsGt 
Great story in the Elkins Inter Mountain today about John Logar of Tucker County, a very courageous, skilled and determined West Virginian who achieved first place in the 1,000 mile Iditarod Trail foot race. Congratulations on your outstanding performance and thank you for your wonderful representation of our state.  http://bit.ly/1jbI16c
Excellent investment that will lead to a brighter future for our youth in the Mountain State. I applaud the efforts of Big Brothers Big Sisters of South Central West Virginia. http://bit.ly/1kMuuPS  
NA
Earlier I addressed the FDA's recent pay-to-play allegations and the dangers of Zohydro on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports.  Watch the interview:
Best of luck to the 24 teams playing in the 2014 WVSSAC Boys State Basketball Tournament this week, and to all the players and coaches, I congratulate you on your accomplishments this season.   http://wvmetronews.com/2014/03/17/boys-basketball-state-tournament-schedule/
Since its doors first opened in Parkersburg on March 17, 1839, United Bank has served West Virginia's communities with the utmost integrity and with incredible dedication to its customers. Congratulations today on 175 years of service and success, and thank you for your continued commitment to the Mountain State.  http://www.statejournal.com/story/24975784/united-bank-to-mark-175th-anniversary-monday
A bipartisan flood insurance agreement has finally passed both chambers.  I’m pleased we could come together to relieve hardworking American homeowners from these drastic rate increases.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3b5ffad5-ae52-431a-a365-34c74a8cfc8b
It was a privilege to receive the Publius Award alongside Senator Susan Collins last night.  I'm honored to work with my colleagues from across the aisle like Senator Collins who truly want to solve our nation’s greatest challenges rather than cast partisan stones to win the next election cycle.  To view CSPC’s YouTube video from the event, please click here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGgitp4yHwU
I've tried reasoning with the FDA, and I’ve repeatedly requested the agency change its course on the dangerous drug, Zohydro. But their refusal to budge forces me to introduce legislation. Because of this painkiller’s high potential for misuse and abuse, Zohydro poses a severely dangerous threat to our communities in West Virginia and across our country.   Unless this product is reformulated to prevent abuse, I strongly believe Zohydro will only fuel addiction and death in this nation.  It must be kept off the market for the well-being of our nation, especially our families and our youth.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=bb6fc091-58a1-4a2a-ba01-486968de1ac4
Congrats Adrienne Arnold of Charleston and Dominic Raymond of Morgantown on being selected to represent WV in the U.S. Senate Youth Program this year. I've always told young people, you can't sit on the sidelines and watch life happen, you have to get in the game and get informed to truly make a difference. Through their hard work in the classroom and in the community, these two have been able to make a difference, and they have proven their commitment to understanding our great democracy.
As part of an all-day event hosted by The Atlantic focused on "Reinventing the War on Poverty," Senator Manchin joined president of the American Federation of Teachers Randi Weingarten to explore the opportunities to end the cycle of poverty, specifically in McDowell County, West Virginia.   Photo Credit: The Atlantic/Kristoffer Tripplaar
Good luck to the teams competing in the 39th Girls State Basketball Tournament that tips off this morning in Charleston. To all the players and coaches, I congratulate you on your accomplishments this season. These memories will truly stay with you for a lifetime.    http://wvmetronews.com/2014/03/15/girls-state-tournament-takes-over-civic-center-on-wednesday/
This month, my state staff is hosting senior informational sessions around West Virginia. Mark your calendars, and please help notify the seniors in your area.   For details, please visit my website: 1.usa.gov/1ixZchZ
I'm incredibly proud of the West Virginia University Rifle team members and their achievements as Mountaineer athletes. They are excellent representatives of WVU and of our great state.   Yesterday I was pleased to meet with this tremendously talented team while they were in Washington to attend the White House's NCAA Champions Day. Best of luck in the 2014 NCAA Championship.
It's absolutely critical that we keep the dangerous drug Zohydro off the market. The prescription drug problem ravaging our nation is already an epidemic. Also, I'm deeply troubled that the reason for Zohydro's approval may be linked to allegations that the FDA gave prescription drug manufacturers the opportunity to pay thousands of dollars for the privilege to attend private meetings with FDA officials.   Read the letter I wrote to Secretary Sebelius urging the reversal of Zohydro's approval:
Great read by Forbes contributor Chris Prandoni on the impact the EPA's latest regs would have on our electrical grid and our economy. It's critical that we protect the environment AND Americans' access to reliable and affordable electricity. We need to stike a proper balance.
Today I joined my friends and colleagues, Senator Heitkamp, Senator Warner and Senator Donnelly for the Coal Technology Symposium to have a conversation about clean coal from a scientific and technological perspective.   To watch a video of my full remarks, visit my YouTube page: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zqIPIvER3w&feature=youtu.be
Today, Senator Manchin joined Senators Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Joe Donnelly (D-IN), and Mark Warner (D-VA) at the Coal Technology Symposium hosted by West Virginia University and the University of North Dakota. The event focused on finding commonsense, viable paths forward for coal, which is projected to remain America’s most abundant, reliable and affordable domestic energy source for the next few decades.
March is Red Cross Month and today it is Red Cross Day at the West Virginia State Capitol. Let's all celebrate the American Red Cross by recognizing and thanking the dedicated volunteers who have made invaluable contributions to our communities and have given their time to help those in need.  There are many ways to become an everyday hero through the American Red Cross. Click here to find out how: http://www.redcross.org/news/article/Red-Cross-Month-Five-Ways-to-Be-an-Everyday-Hero
In honor of the 53rd anniversary of the Peace Corps, I would like to thank the West Virginians who are currently serving abroad as Peace Corps Volunteers. Your desire to make a difference around the world has improved the lives of millions. Thank you for proudly representing America's legacy of service.   #PeaceCorpsWeek2014
Today I have sent a letter to federal regulators seeking a ban on Bitcoin, the virtual currency that is unregulated and unstable, and has been used in illicit activity, including drug trafficking and money laundering. I have serious concerns about the negative effect Bitcoin could have on America’s economy if this crypto-currency remains unregulated.   Click here to read the letter: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=237cbd66-6a26-4870-9bcb-20177ae902b0
I applaud President Obama’s decision to prepare for a complete withdrawal of all U.S. troops from Afghanistan by the end of this year, and I hope he will choose this course regardless of who succeeds President Karzai in Afghanistan’s April elections. Through the bravery and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform, we have accomplished much of what we set out to do in Afghanistan: Osama bin Laden is dead, extremist networks in Afghanistan have been disrupted so that they are no longer a credible international threat and the Afghan Security Forces have received training and equipment for nearly a decade. Unfortunately, American money and military might cannot solve the problems that remain. They cannot make President Karzai a friend of the United States, they cannot prevent insider attacks against our troops, and they cannot root out the corruption that thrives on American tax dollars. It is time to bring our troops home from our nation’s longest war.
Congratulations Dale Earnhardt, Jr. on becoming a two-time Daytona 500 Champion. What an exciting and well-deserved victory.
This week, Senator Manchin has been traveling around the state to discuss his most recent piece of legislation, The Chemical Safety and Drinking Water Protection Act, and to listen to citizens' thoughts about the recent chemical spill. He has also been providing residents with a federal legislative update and addressing the national budget issues. He will wrap up his week-long tour Thursday evening in Huntington and Friday afternoon in Morgantown.
My first #ThrowbackThursday: West Virginia University football photo from 1965.
Here is a video by  The Register-Herald  from yesterday's town hall meeting in Beckley. I received very productive feedback from area residents, and I thank all who take came out to participate.   Read more: http://bit.ly/1h0qY2J  Watch video here: http://bit.ly/1mvYWBL
This is excellent news for the Eastern Panhandle. Very pleased that Rust-Oleum is moving to Martinsburg and bringing nearly 100 new jobs to the region.
The arrival of the long awaited mobile health clinic is an exciting and significant victory for our veterans in southern West Virginia who have gone without quality, accessible healthcare in their residential area for far too long. Showing our appreciation to the brave men and women who have served this country is something we should do each and every day. By delivering this clinic, we are paying tribute to those who have answered America’s call of duty. I especially thank my good friend, Congressman Nick Rahall, for always standing up for our veterans, along with West Virginia veteran Al Hancock, the VA, the Beckley VA center and all those who have tirelessly worked to ensure our veterans and their families have access to the care they need and deserve by bringing this much needed healthcare access to the region.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=8a5335b1-58c6-43b9-aa2c-289d820fef3f
Happy Valentine's Day to my wonderful wife, Gayle and to all West Virginians.
Happening now: The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on the chemical spill in Charleston.   For livestream, please click here: http://bit.ly/1h40Cjz
ICYMI: I discussed the ongoing chemical spill crisis with MSNBC's Alex Wagner yesterday. Watch it here:
ICYMI: Yesterday I spoke with the folks at WCHS News about the ongoing chemical spill crisis.
As an avid sportsman, I know firsthand that our hunting and fishing heritage is so important to who we are as West Virginians and as Americans. That's why I have cosponsored the Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2014, the first bipartisan, comprehensive sportsmen’s bill in the Senate. The legislation includes policies to enhance opportunities for hunters, anglers, and outdoor recreation enthusiasts, reauthorize key conservation programs, improve access to Federal Lands, and help boost the outdoor recreation economy.  Read more on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1dvjC2g
ICYMI: Yesterday I introduced legislation to honor the 12.5 million veterans over the age of 60 in the U.S.  Our brave men and women have served this country with unparalleled honor and distinction. As Americans, it is our duty to thank our veterans every day for their unwavering devotion and passion to the greatest country in the world.  Read more on my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=236b4422-9e70-4457-85c9-a9183a7f34e1
ICYMI: Read my Politico op-ed on ways to fix our country's finances and address the issue of income inequality: http://politi.co/1iq1dsk
Yesterday our staff met with Herndon Consolidated Principal Virginia Lusk and Wyoming County Commission President Jason Mullins to discuss water problems in the Bud and Alpoca areas near Mullens.
Today I  voted in favor of the bipartisan farm bill which reforms the country’s agriculture policy while also reducing the deficit by $23 billion and supporting 16 million jobs. In addition, the bill contains an amendment I sponsored to help young children and pregnant women develop healthy eating habits.   Read my statement: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=84e73a61-e056-4a1f-9a4f-d66913f92b72
ICYMI: My testimony at this morning's Senate hearing on the chemical spill: http://youtu.be/eP_gYswL8Js
The legislation I crafted with Senator Boxer would go a long way in ensuring that every American has access to safe drinking water and that if, God forbid, an incident like this occurs again, we have the tools to respond as quickly and effectively as possible.   This morning I testified at the Senate Environment and Public Works (EPW) Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife hearing to discuss the importance of passing our legislation to improve oversight of chemical facilities and help strengthen states’ abilities to prevent chemical spills.  Visit my website for more information on today's hearing: http://1.usa.gov/1doRXQB  YouTube video of my testimony is available here: http://youtu.be/eP_gYswL8Js
I've been incredibly frustrated for more than five years by the repeated and unnecessary delays in moving forward with the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. I'm very pleased the State Dept. has confirmed there is no evidence of any negative environmental impact from building this pipeline. It is plain common sense to buy oil from America’s friends and not our enemies, and Canada is one of our closest friends and allies. Let’s seize this opportunity, which is estimated to create 20,000 direct jobs during construction and 118,000 indirect and spinoff jobs. The pipeline will also add $20 billion to our recovering economy, so every state will benefit. I encourage the Secretary of State and the President to take the final step necessary to approve the pipeline’s construction because there is no doubt that this is in our nation’s best interest.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=e87386c0-a18e-4276-bea5-38f274ccd584 
Glad to join my fellow West Virginians today in Charleston at the Annual Groundhog Breakfast and Economic Forecast and at the West Virginia Mining Symposium.
My statement on the passage of the “Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act” in the Senate:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2eea3ae0-865d-4b2e-b20d-da21990226d5  Thousands of West Virginia homeowners have been hit hard by unreasonable and unmanageable increases to their flood insurance premiums and are struggling financially as a result. With this legislation, citizens of the Mountain State and homeowners across this country will gain relief from these drastic rate increases. This legislation will delay some of the new insurance rates for four years, allowing FEMA time to finish its affordability study and giving Congress time to respond with practical, commonsense solutions for the National Flood Insurance Program. I’m pleased that my colleagues in the Senate have come together in a bipartisan way to help save hardworking Americans who are in need of affordable flood insurance.”
I truly appreciate all of the feedback you provided this morning during Facebook Q&A on the State of the Union. Thanks to my fellow West Virginians who participated and shared their ideas and concerns.
What did you think of last night's State of the Union? I'm looking forward to hosting a live discussion at 11 a.m. with fellow West Virginians on the President's address and I encourage you to begin posting your questions and comments now. Also, please let me know where you are from in West Virginia when posting. I’ll be on momentarily to begin the discussion.
What did you think of last night's State of the Union? I'm looking forward to hosting a live discussion around 11 a.m. with fellow West Virginians on the President's address and I encourage you to begin posting your questions and comments now. Also, please let me know where you are from in West Virginia when posting. I’ll be on momentarily to begin the discussion.
JOIN IN TOMORROW: I'll be hosting my first LIVE Facebook Q&A tomorrow morning from 10:30-11 a.m. on my page. I'll be discussing the President's State of the Union Address and answering your questions as they are posted. I want to hear from you.
Tonight my Senator Mark Kirk and I will be sitting together at the State of the Union Address not only as best friends, but as a Democrat and a Republican who are working together on behalf of our nation. Together we joined the bipartisan No Labels Problem Solvers coalition to try and find common ground on our nation’s top priorities. We have hosted bipartisan lunches and encouraged thoughtful and productive discussion amongst our colleagues. As we prepare to sit together again tonight, we remain optimistic about the state of our union and we look forward to hearing the President's plan for reducing our nation's deficit, growing our economy, and ultimately leaving a stronger America to future generations.
ICYMI: Last night I joined Senator John Hoeven on Crossfire to preview tonight's State of the Union. What do you hope to hear from the President tonight?  Watch our discussion here: http://crossfire.blogs.cnn.com/2014/01/27/manchin-hope-obama-focuses-on-economy/
There are certain duties that the president must do on his own but major policy decisions absolutely need to go through Congress. What do you think?  Tune in to Crossfire tonight at 6:30 p.m. I'll be discussing the 2014 State of the Union with Senator John Hoeven.
NA
Throughout the week, Senator Manchin hosted meetings and town halls focused on creating jobs, honoring our veterans and seniors, helping families in need, strengthening small businesses and supporting local communities.
Today my staff and I welcomed West Virginians to my Charleston office for an open house before heading to the Home Builders Association's winter meeting. Thank you to all who came out during the "Connecting with West Virginians" tour this week. I will be taking all of you ideas and concerns with me back to Washington.
After speaking to people directly affected by the spill, it is clear West Virginians are still very concerned about the quality of their water and the potential long-term effects of the water contamination. The first step to restoring confidence in our water system and ensuring West Virginians that their water is safe is to tear down Freedom Industry’s facility and completely remediate the site. We need to start from scratch. In addition, I will continue to work at the federal level to pass legislation that will fix the problems that allowed this disaster to happen in the first place.  http://1.usa.gov/1hPuZar
The best part of my job is going out and hearing from the people of West Virginia on the issues that are affecting them and their families the most. Had a wonderful day meeting with residents in Wayne and Kenova. I appreciate so many folks coming out and giving me their ideas and concerns. Looking forward to spending tomorrow with Charleston residents.
Let's all join the effort and help our local businesses recover from the economical impact of the chemical spill.  #TurnUpTheTips
Great discussion this morning with the doctors and staff at the  Cabell Huntington Surgery Center.
I have always said that what makes West Virginians some of the best people in our nation is their willingness to help a neighbor in need. If you live near McDowell County and would like to make a difference in the lives of our youth, consider being a youth mentor. Meet and greet is set for tomorrow in Welch.   For more information: http://bit.ly/1dPU0mx
Thanks to all of the Wood County veterans and small business community members who joined me today and provided productive feedback on the future of our state and our nation. I look forward to visiting Kenova and Wayne tomorrow.
Just finished a productive day of hearing from West Virginians in Princeton and Bluefield. Tomorrow I'll continue my "Connecting with West Virginians" tour by meeting with veterans and members of the small business community.   ICYMI: Yesterday I was in Charleston to announce my legislation to help protect West Virginians and Americans from chemical spills and to celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
Today, I'm pleased to announce the Chemical Safety and Drinking Water Protection Act, a bill that will help protect Americans from chemical spills that threaten drinking water.  No West Virginian or American should have to go through something like this again, and that is why I'm introducing this common sense legislation to make sure all chemicals are appropriately monitored.   This bill brings together in one place the tools to provide oversight of chemical facilities. It strengthens states’ ability to prevent chemical spills like the January 9th spill that contaminated the water supply in nine West Virginia counties and impacted more than 300,000 West Virginians.   Get the details on this important piece of legislation by visiting my website and SHARE this if you agree it is time to take necessary action to make sure all chemicals are appropriately monitored.  http://1.usa.gov/1kHxNuJ
Today I introduced legislation that would protect our pilots and air traffic controllers. As a pilot myself, I recognize that there is nothing more important than making sure our skies are safe and I appreciate the FAA’s efforts to offer the best guidance on how to do so. I also believe that government should work as a partner with the private sector. It’s just common sense to let the pilot community provide public feedback during the rulemaking process before the FAA finalizes any new guidelines.  To read more, please visit my website.
IN THE NEWS: Last week my state staff met with community and business leaders in Hardy, Grant and Pendleton counties. Great story in the Moorefield Examiner on their visit and the issues they discussed:
ICYMI: My op-ed in The Intelligencer / Wheeling News-Register on protecting West Virginia homeowners from paying drastically higher flood insurance costs: http://bit.ly/1m00P70
I'm pleased that the U.S. Department of Labor's Mine Safety and Health Administration has followed through on it's commitment to address the recommendations following the Upper Big Branch mine explosion: http://1.usa.gov/1d1jLdb
Flushing will commence by zones. Click here to review the procedure for flushing out the system and check for your zone: http://bit.ly/1eDz00P   If you have specific questions about the flushing procedure, please call WV American Water at their toll-free hotline 1-855-390-4569 or read through these detailed instructions: http://bit.ly/1a2DSxk  Please do not begin the flushing process until the "Do Not Use" order is lifted for your zone.
For the most updated list of water distribution centers, please visit my online Emergency Information Center:  ttp://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fd05fdb4-50fa-4f8b-9516-28a35425a5fe
My staff continues their outreach efforts in the affected counties. Here are some more photos.
UPDATE: There will be a donation drive from 2 to 6 p.m. tomorrow (Sunday, January 12) at Big Sandy Superstore Arena in Huntington.  Pullman Plaza Hotel in Huntington will offer showers until 11 p.m. You are asked to bring your own towel and bathroom supplies. Showers are free but donations are accepted.  Tri-County YMCA in Scott Depot will also offer showers. You will need to bring your own towels and bathroom supplies. YMCA says they will also be able to fill water on a limited basis. No large containers please.  Howell's Christian Assembly in Ona has said that they have setup a dormitory for showers. They may still have water and ice available too.
Here are some photos of our staff helping get water to those in need on Friday night. We are continuing to do everything in our power to help you get the resources and assistance you need. Please visit my online Emergency Information Center for contact numbers and updates: http://1.usa.gov/1iqmLVY
Click here for an updated list of water distribution centers. WOWK 13 NEWS http://bit.ly/1db1S02
Governor Tomblin is encouraging donations for those affected West Virginia American Water Co. customers, TODAY (Jan. 10) until 6:30 p.m.   Items can be dropped off in front of the West Virginia Capitol on Kanawha Boulevard.   Needed items include: water, sanitizer, wipes, liquid baby formula, paper plates, plastic utensils and microwaveable meals.
Staff members are traveling from Moorefield to bring water back to the Metro Valley.
Today I have spoken with the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the regional administrator of FEMA and Governor Tomblin to ensure that West Virginians receive every possible resource from the federal government while we work to resolve this issue. They have informed me that the first water trucks are anticipated to arrive this afternoon and that they will monitor and work to resolve the issue immediately.  West Virginia American Water estimates that thousands of miles of main line in their water distribution system have been affected, and it could take several days to return to normal. Until the situation is resolved, I urge all West Virginians to not drink, boil, wash, clean, bathe or give to pets your water. Please only use water for sanitation and fire protection. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and do everything we can to provide water and the resources necessary to help all those who are affected.   I know hundreds of thousands of West Virginians are in need at this time, and I want you to know that I am doing everything in my power to help you get the resources and assistance you need as quickly as possible. Please remember to lend a helping hand to your neighbors at this challenging time. As always, you can call any of my office numbers for assistance.  Please visit my Emergency Information Center for resources and updates:   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fd05fdb4-50fa-4f8b-9516-28a35425a5fe
Please visit my Emergency Information Center for resources and updates: http://1.usa.gov/1iqmLVY  IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE: Contact my Charleston office at 304-342-5855  URGENT: Citizens of Boone, Clay, Jackson, Kanawha, Lincoln, Logan, Putnam, and Roane counties are urged NOT to drink, boil, wash, clean, bathe and give to pets; only for sanitation and fire protection.   http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=fd05fdb4-50fa-4f8b-9516-28a35425a5fe
If you are without water due to this emergency, please visit one of the water distribution centers in your area and remember to take your own container. Here is a full list:   Chapman Funeral Home, located at 3941 Teays Valley Road, Hurricane.  Bartlett-Chapman Funeral Home, located at 409 6th Ave., St. Albans.   St. Marks Episcopal Church, located at 405 B St., St. Albans.  Crossing Baptist Church, located at 2031 Harrison Ave., St. Albans.  West Virginia Division of Highways Headquarters located at U.S. 60 and Walnut Street.  Hamlin Volunteer Fire Department located at 8049 Vine Ave., Hamlin.  West Hamlin Volunteer Fire Department, located at 121 Guyan Street, Hamlin.  Culloden Volunteer Fire Department, located at 2102 3rd St., Culloden.  Boone County 911 Center, located at 1267 Smoot Ave., Danville.  City of Spencer has a water distribution center located behind the Municipal Building.  A tanker has been set up at Crossings Mall, Elkview.  Riverside High School located in Belle.  Hurricane Walmart, free water is being distributed between 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., 20-gallon limit.  Hurricane Fire Department will distribute free water between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m., with a 20-gallon limit.  South Charleston Recreation Center, South Charleston.  Please share this information and follow me on Twitter for more updates. https://twitter.com/Sen_JoeManchin
It is simply unconscionable to ask thousands of West Virginia homeowners to make excessive flood insurance payments because of the unintentional consequences of the recently enacted Biggert-Waters Act. That's why I have co-sponsored legislation to delay the implementation of the Biggert-Waters Act and save homeowners thousands of dollars on flood insurance. The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act will provide much needed relief to West Virginians and provide Congress with enough time to review the affordability study, and create a more permanent fix to the National Flood Insurance Program that doesn’t require hardworking West Virginians who live within their means to make excessive payments they can’t afford.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1cZgDmE
Small businesses are truly the engine of our economy, providing the goods and services we depend on every day. As a small businessman myself, I understand the challenges small businesses face and all they contribute to making this country great. This month, recognize the achievements of our small businesses in West Virginia by nominating them for one of these outstanding awards. The deadline is January 17th.  For more information: http://1.usa.gov/1cYLlw4
Senator Manchin visited Andrews Air Force Base in December to participate in pre-deployment training work-up flights and to see first hand sequestration's impact on Marine Corps units. Marine Corps leadership discussed with Senator Manchin the impacts of sequestration and the road ahead for aviation modernization & recap.
For a list of West Virginia students I have recommended for the U.S. service academies, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1cyvq6D  West Virginia has built a reputation of service and sacrifice, and I'm extremely proud of these students for their commitment to carrying on our state’s tradition. These bright, young leaders have worked hard in the classroom and in the community to earn these nominations, and I'm honored to recommend their talents to the U.S. service academies. I am confident that these young men and women will make our state proud and I wish them the best in their future endeavors.
I hope that all West Virginians are staying safe and warm in these freezing cold temperatures. To find a warming shelter in your town, please click here: http://bit.ly/1fb1vWz
Eight years ago, the precious lives of twelve miners were taken tragically at Sago. On that day, I grieved with the miners’ families and with all West Virginians. Their strength and sacrifice remain in my heart each and every day, and my thoughts and prayers go out to them and their loved ones on this sad anniversary. Since Sago, we have made tremendous strides to improve mine safety by passing historic legislation, and today serves as a reminder that we must continue to make improvements so that that our miners’ lives are never in jeopardy.  The safety of our workers is our number one priority, and I remain absolutely and totally committed to making sure our miners come home safely after every shift.
Buck Harless was a dear friend not only to me, but to all of West Virginia. Gayle and I are deeply saddened to learn of his passing, and we extend our condolences to his wife Hallie, his entire family and to all of those who were touched by his exceptional life. I will always remember and admire Buck’s passion to make West Virginia a better place to work and to live, and his contributions to our state, particularly to our coal industry, state education programs and Boy Scouts of America, will never be forgotten. Buck was, and will continue to be an inspiration to me and so many others in this state, and he will be deeply missed.
Successful pheasant hunt in beautiful Monroe County, WV with my grandson Jack and my sons in law Jeff Bresch and Marshall Roberts.
Wishing all West Virginians a prosperous New Year. In 2014, I hope to continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get things done in the United States Congress.   What are your resolutions for 2014?
VIDEO: Wishing all West Virginians, Americans and our brave service men and women a merry Christmas and a peaceful, prosperous New Year. http://bit.ly/19Fq2yz
What are your favorite holiday traditions? Here are some of mine: http://bit.ly/1bYb4Dq
ICYMI: I gladly welcomed Abby Huntsman and MSNBC's The Cycle crew to wild and wonderful West Virginia earlier this month.   Must watch video from her visit:
ICYMI: My interview yesterday with Andrea Mitchell on the bipartisan budget deal. It's not perfect, but it's a step forward:
It's time to bring transparency and fairness to the EPA science review process. The EPA must improve its credibility with the American people and the entire energy sector, and the bipartisan legislation I introduced today with Senator John Boozman makes sure that the EPA is held accountable for creating fair, unbiased, and science-based rules and regulations.  http://1.usa.gov/1kj0ZFu
ICYMI: Last night I was on Special Report with Bret Baier. Part 2:
ICYMI: Last night I was on Special Report with Bret Baier.  Part 1:
Senator Manchin visited Andrews Air Force Base to participate in pre-deployment training work-up flights and to see first hand sequestration's impact on Marine Corps units. Marine Corp leadership discussed with Senator Manchin the impacts of sequestration and the road ahead for aviation modernization & recap.
Today I visited Andrews Air Force Base to participate in pre-deployment training work-up flights and to see first hand sequestration's impact on Marine Corps units. Marine Corp leadership discussed with me the impacts of sequestration and the road ahead for aviation modernization & recap.
Earlier this year, Jack and Diana Taylor of Alderson, WV, came to my office and we posed in front of Jack's beautiful picture that he graciously allowed us to display in the office. We enjoy it every day. Thank you for your beautiful photographs, Jack.
NA
Happy 377th birthday to the oldest component of the U.S. Armed Forces, the National Guard. 
 
 The Guard is the fabric of our whole military, and I can assure you that watching the performance of the Guard is unparalleled to anything I’ve been witness to. One of my proudest duties as Governor of West Virginia was to serve as Commander-In-Chief of our state’s National Guard. I saw firsthand the selfless devotion to duty of the men and women in the West Virginia National Guard. Their honor, courage and patriotism filled me with pride. 
 
 I am so very proud of the Guard and their families for serving our state and our nation so courageously in times of need and I thank them and their families for sacrificing to keep our nation free.
This week I have introduced the bipartisan “Protect Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act” that makes it it clear that volunteer emergency service workers are not required to be counted as full-time equivalent employees (FTEs) for purposes of healthcare coverage.  Due to a technical error that unintentionally penalizes volunteer fire departments, the health care law jeopardizes funding for training and emergency response hours by imposing unreasonable burdens on many of our volunteer emergency response agencies.   Our bipartisan fix makes sure there is a clear distinction between full-time, paid emergency responders and volunteers so that our emergency response teams can keep our communities safe without the threat of reducing necessary funding for training or emergency response hours. I thank my good friend Senator Mark Warner for his leadership on fixing this problem with the Affordable Care Act.  Read more on my website: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=85eff665-b4f6-47fc-88a6-0bee389be862
This budget agreement is the first bipartisan deal that has been proposed since I became a member of the Senate more than three years ago. I'm pleased that Democrats and Republicans were able to sit down in a room together, negotiate, and arrive at a deal. I commend Senator Murray and Representative Ryan for their leadership in debating, deliberating and finally compromising on an agreement. While this deal is not perfect, and not the one I would have written myself, it is a first step toward getting Congress back on track. I am hopeful that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will build upon this deal and work together toward a long-term budgetary fix.  In the meantime, I will be reviewing the details of this budget agreement to make sure we strike the proper balance between funding our government, creating certainty for businesses to hire hardworking Americans and reducing our deficit with responsible spending cuts. Let’s return our focus to rebuilding America.  For a fact sheet on the budget agreement, please click here: http://1.usa.gov/18mpv5U
Today I introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Deb Fischer to eliminate government spending on nothing.   Fixing America’s finances and getting our financial house in order has always been a top priority for me, especially when we can cut waste, fraud and abuse. It is truly remarkable how much our great nation can save if our federal government cuts the fat and not the muscle from many of our programs, especially ones that are no longer serving the American people. Our taxpayer dollars should be spent on programs and grant opportunities that actually support the people who we as Americans value most – including our children, veterans and seniors – not on administering empty grant accounts that help nobody. I thank Senator Fischer for leading this commonsense effort to address head-on our government’s wasteful spending.  To read more about The Grants Oversight and New Efficiency (GONE) Act, please click here.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=2bc91633-6847-420d-a905-654344e6a576
Senator Manchin met with business leaders and plant workers at the Momentive Plant in Sistersville to tour the facilities and discuss opportunities for job growth.
Senator Manchin spoke at the National Guard Defense Business Forum to celebrate the NGAUS 17th annual "Industry Day."
Congratulations to all 2013 Super Six State Championship players. Great story on this weekend's best moments.
My statement on the EPA Administrator’s trip to China: It is unfortunate that Gina McCarthy continues to hold energy hearings across the country and across the world and still refuses to travel to the front lines here in West Virginia. If she wants to discuss how we can clean up the environment and reduce emissions, she should come to our state, where some of our top-producing mines are less than five hours outside of Washington. We have expressed over and over our willingness to have an honest conversation about balancing our energy and environmental needs. If we are going to find the technology, let’s do it here in America and in West Virginia.    I understand her decision to travel to China, but while the EPA is focusing their efforts on foreign countries, they are ignoring the pain they are causing hard-working families in mining states like ours, who are being impacted by regulations that are shutting down mines and killings good-paying jobs.  I believe that the lessons that she can learn in Marshall, Boone and Logan counties and every mining county in this state are every bit as important as the ones she will learn in Beijing, Shanghai and Hong Kong.
Today on National Miner's Day, we honor and celebrate the bravest and most patriotic men and women I have ever met in my life. You can’t talk about coal without talking about coal miners. My own family first came to America to work in the mines. Growing up in the small coal-mining town of Farmington, I saw just how proud and courageous all the miners were. The fact is they deserve the same respect as our military veterans – because they go down into the mines for the same reasons that our veterans took up arms. It’s not just a job – it’s a calling, a way of life, even an act of patriotism in the defense of this great country. I have always fought for and pledge to continue to fight for coal, and I hope that our miners know that as long as there's coal to mine, I will proudly stand by their side. I urge all West Virginians today to show appreciation for our hardworking miners and the mining families of this great state and our nation.  To learn more about National Miner's Day, please click here.  http://www.minersday.org/
Attention all West Virginia veterans, service members and military spouses: Tomorrow is the Hiring Our Heroes job fair in Vienna from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Grand Pointe Conference Center. This is an outstanding opportunity for all of our military heroes and families to find meaningful employment, and I encourage all those who are eligible to attend.
 
 For more information on this event, please click here: http://bit.ly/1bGrAdG
Today is GivingTuesday, a day that marks to beginning of the holiday giving season. I have always believed that that if you can count your blessings, you can share your blessings.  I encourage you all to take part in the Giving Tuesday movement and give back to your communities.   For more information on how your family, school, business or organization can participate, please click here. http://community.givingtuesday.org/Page/IdeasandResources
Senator Manchin shared a Thanksgiving meal this holiday with West Virginians at the Tiskelwah Center in Charleston.
Our economy depends on the success of our small businesses. It's common sense – stronger small businesses equal more jobs. Encouraging all West Virginians to #ShopSmall today & support your local small businesses. #SmallBizSat #SmallBusinessSaturday
Wishing you and your family a happy and healthy Thanksgiving.  May God continue His many blessings on America and on the great state of West Virginia.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-hill-to-mountain-columns?ID=7beccc3a-4fa6-4ae2-b553-0909659897ed
Senator Manchin and his Senate colleagues visited Arlington National Cemetery to honor President John F. Kennedy on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. They laid flowers at his grave site and visited the Tomb of the Unknowns.
In West Virginia, whether it's the small diner we visit for lunch or the local hardware store we count on for tools and garden supplies, the reality is our economy depends on the success of our small businesses community. If we're going to make our economy stronger, we need to make small businesses stronger. It's just common sense – stronger small businesses equal more jobs.   I am encouraging all West Virginians to participate in Small Business Saturday this weekend and support your local small businesses.
Today I joined local officials to open a new 4.7 mile stretch of Corridor H, from Bismarck to Scherr. Wild & Wonderful West Virginia!
Fifty years after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, America still mourns his loss. For those of us who were inspired by his Presidency, it’s easy to understand why. In a time of indifference, he reawakened this nation to the finest meaning of citizenship – placing public service ahead of private interest.  John Kennedy was in the White House for only one thousand days, not even three years. But his achievements exceeded his years. It’s easy to dismiss his Presidency as one of rhetoric more than results. But to do so ignores the New Frontier he pioneered – a new era of economic growth, space exploration, civil rights advancements, conservation of natural resources, nuclear disarmament and generations of Americans who have made public service a way of life.  John Kennedy’s immortal words, especially those of his Inaugural Address, still call us to action – to think beyond our own self-interests, and to do what is best for our country and the people of the world.  http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=967dba96-90ff-43fe-a4a5-6258e0e149f8
Today would have been our beloved Senator Robert C. Byrd's 96th birthday, and every day since his passing in 2010, the people of West Virginia feel the loss of this great man. May we all remember him today on his birthday, and may God bless his memory and his great spirit. http://1.usa.gov/1ivM6yV
Senator Manchin displayed the “I Hire Vets” logo – a logo that represents a commitment from businesses and organizations to hire our veterans – as he  joined his Senate colleagues and business leaders to talk about the importance of working together to reduce veterans unemployment.  Senator Manchin attended a roundtable discussion with organizations and businesses that have shown a strong commitment to employing our nation’s veterans. He is the co-chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus that includes 40 Senators and 70 Representatives.
Earlier I displayed the “I Hire Vets” logo and talked with key business leaders about the importance of working together to reduce veterans unemployment. As co-chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus that includes 40 Senators and 70 Representative, I attended a round table discussion with organizations and businesses that have shown a strong commitment to employing our nation’s veterans.
A West Virginia first-grader from Gauley River Grade School sent me this letter asking for my help.
 
 I decided to give her a break. Click here to watch a video of the break I gave Sophie: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ereo2IYVtWA
ICYMI: Earlier I discussed the Affordable Care Act challenges on Fox News. Watch it here: http://bit.ly/1aRseyF
Today, on the anniversary of the Consolidation Coal Company’s No. 9 mine tragedy in my hometown of Farmington, WV, we remember and honor the 78 brave miners who were lost on that fateful day. Forty-five years later, we continue to grieve, remember those we lost, and pray for their families. I personally lost many individuals who I knew well, including my dear Uncle John and several classmates.    While we will recognize the names of tragedies like Farmington, Sago, Aracoma, or Upper Big Branch, even one life lost while on the job is one too many.  It is simply not acceptable that any of our miners fail to return home to family and loved ones at the end of a shift.  Know that I carry this conviction in my heart, and it affects every vote and every decision that I make as your United States Senator on issues of workplace safety.  All of the lives affected by the devastating tragedy in Farmington on that day are remembered forever in our hearts.
I will continue to do the job that the people of West Virginia sent me to Washington to do - to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and to put our state and our country first.  http://www.dailymail.com/Opinion/Editorials/201311190238
Today marks the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address. Let us remember the 157,289 soldiers of the Union and the Confederacy who met in Gettysburg and made the sacrifice that ultimately determined the future of our great nation.  To honor the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, I encourage all West Virginians to participate in this project:   http://www.learntheaddress.org/
ICYMI: This afternoon I talked with CNN's Jake Tapper about the troubled A.C.A. roll out and finding a fix.   Watch it here:
With our state’s continued development of natural gas drilling, I am extremely pleased that Governor Tomblin has announced that the Brazilian company, Odebrecht, is interested in exploring the development of a new petrochemical complex in Wood County. After years of our local and state leaders working together with energy companies worldwide, this is a textbook example of how a public-private partnership can strengthen not only West Virginia, but also the entire Mid-Ohio Valley region. Today’s announcement is further proof that our collaborative efforts – among every West Virginia economic stakeholder – are continuing to restore confidence in the hearts and minds of West Virginians and the business community that the Mountain State is indeed a great place to do business.  I thank Governor Tomblin, Odebrecht and all the parties involved in making this deal possible, especially since it will create thousands of good-paying jobs in the construction, energy and manufacturing sectors, while keeping us strong and competitive. As plans develop and work on this venture continues, I stand ready to assist in any way that I can while also making sure this Administration and the EPA work as our partner and not as our adversary.
The facts are plain and simple: we are going to continue depending on coal for many more decades to come. 
 
 We need a diverse energy portfolio – a true “all-of-the-above” mix of natural gas, nuclear, renewables, oil and coal.  Unfortunately, the EPA has chosen a regulatory path devoid of common sense that will take us way off course from a future of abundant, affordable, clean energy. My legislation with Rep. Whitfield tries to get the EPA back on track, but in a way that does nothing to prevent the EPA from acting in a reasonable, rational way.
 
 RT and SHARE this if you agree. We can not just stand by and do nothing and let the EPA eliminate coal from our energy mix.
Today marks the 43rd anniversary of 1970 Marshall University plane crash. To the entire Marshall community, thank you for your never-ending resilience. We will never forget. #WeAreMarshall
This morning I went over to the House and testified at the Energy and Power Subcommittee. I discussed the legislation I'm co-sponsoring with Chairman Ed Whitfield that will protect America’s access to reliable and affordable electricity.  ICYMI: Read the op-ed I wrote with Rep. Whitfield on protecting an "all-of-the-above" energy strategy.
This morning at the National Journal Live Event, I joined energy experts to talk about our country's energy future and the need for a balanced approach when it comes to our energy investments.  http://www.nationaljournal.com/energy/manchin-there-s-an-overreach-by-the-epa-20131113
Senator Manchin met with the students, teachers and parents from Moorefield Intermediate School on the steps of the Capitol in Washington, D.C.
Look who stopped by our constituent coffee today- proud West Virginian and advocate for early childhood education, Jennifer Garner.
The sacrifices and patriotism of the men and women who have served this country know no bounds. They have served with unparalleled honor and distinction. It doesn’t seem right that our nation pays our brave veterans tribute only once a year. We should thank our veterans every day for their unwavering devotion and passion to the greatest country in the world. Fortunately, America has long been committed to honoring our veterans, and we must continue to make sure they have access to the best care, medical services, benefits, educational opportunities and good-paying jobs our country has to offer.  As we approach the 50th anniversary of our dear President John F. Kennedy’s assassination, I recall his words to express our sincere gratitude to our veterans: ‘We must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.  So today, as West Virginians and Americans across our great nation celebrate Veterans Day, I encourage us all to thank a veteran and honor our veterans not just today, but every day.
Happy 238th birthday, United States Marine Corps. Thank you for serving this nation with unparalleled honor and distinction.
It was an honor to visit Beech Bottom the same day that the Business Development Corporation of the Northern Panhandle and Hackman Capital announced an explosive investment that will restore dozens of good-paying jobs and boost economic development in the region. 
 
 I thank all the parties involved for believing in the hardworking people of the Northern Panhandle and envisioning a prosperous future for our steel industry. This is a prime example of how public-private partnerships can strengthen an entire community and I look forward to closely following the forthcoming growth in Beech Bottom.
Glad to be spending the day in the Northern Panhandle. We had a great turnout at Coffee & Common Sense in Follansbee this morning. Thanks to the nearly 100 West Virginians who came to the event and shared their ideas and opinions. 
 
 Looking forward to a tremendous announcement in Beech Bottom later on this morning.
As Veterans Day approaches, I'm pleased to introduce legislation that will help connect our veterans and servicemembers with employment opportunities. Check out the facts on the "United We Stand to Hire Veterans Act." http://1.usa.gov/17baeyQ
Residents and visitors of West Virginia's northern panhandle: Honor our courageous veterans by participating in Wheeling's Veterans Day 10K Run and Walk on Saturday morning.   All military personnel and veterans will have their entry fee waived and will receive a free banquet entry/meal, and t-shirt. Proceeds will be donated to Paralyzed Veterans of America.  For more information: http://bit.ly/1cGBMnD
There are two events going on this Saturday at Tamarack in honor of Veterans Day. Honor our veterans this weekend and check out these inspirational presentations if you are in the area. You won't want to miss out! For more info:  http://bit.ly/1bc3zpk
This is truly great news for veterans in Southern West Virginia. I’m pleased to announce that Mercer County’s new mobile health clinic will begin to serve patients in early 2014. The mobile outpatient clinic will help the growing number of vets in the area access needed primary medical services. I thank the Beckley Veterans Affairs Medical Center and all those who have worked to bring this much needed health care access to Mercer County. 
 
 To read more, visit my website: http://1.usa.gov/187w0ng
I always say if you want to help a vet, hire a vet. Unemployment is one of the biggest problems currently facing our veterans. In addition to our gratitude and support, our veterans need jobs.  Yesterday, Starbucks made a tremendous commitment to help hire veterans. MUST READ STORY: http://bit.ly/1dNvTSO 
I strongly encourage all West Virginia veterans to participate in this Facebook chat tomorrow, Wednesday, Nov. 6 from 12-1 p.m. to learn more about your deserved benefits.  Step 1:  Visit the U.S. Army’s Facebook page. Step 2: Look for the most recent update pinned to the top of the timeline. It will be visible at the top left side of the page. Step 3: Type your question in the box that reads, “Write a comment…”
Few Americans in our history have acted with the courage and valor of World War II veteran, Medal of Honor recipient and proud West Virginian Hershel "Woody" Williams.   He is among 12 Medal of Honor recipients whose picture will be featured on the "Medal of Honor" Forever stamps. These vets are the heart and soul of what distinguishes this country, and I'm pleased that they are being honored in this special way for Veterans Day.  In honor of Veterans Day next week, I'll be posting helpful information on my page for our West Virginia vets. I'll also post tips on ways we can all thank our brave veterans every day for their sacrifice and service.   
This week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains: JFK Still A Powerful Symbol of Idealism   Fifty years after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, America still mourns his loss.  It’s no mystery why.  He remains a powerful symbol of a time of soaring idealism in America, when our people believed our country could do anything – even go to the moon.   Like millions of Americans, I vividly recall the exact moment on that cold November day in 1963 when I heard the tragic news from Dallas that the President had been shot.  Read more on my website: http://1.usa.gov/19uK0LP
Great opportunity for our vets during the month of November. Enjoy the Veterans Appreciation Discount and take a family adventure at one of West Virginia's beautiful state parks.   Click here for all the details: http://www.wvstateparks.com/Veterans%202013.pdf
It was a pleasure to meet the North Elementary School students from Morgantown yesterday. They stopped by my office before heading to the White House, where they were recognized for the Panther Pride garden at their school. We are very proud of your health and nutrition efforts, not only at school but in your community. Keep up the good work.
Wishing West Virginians a fun and safe Halloween. Take a look at these health and safety tips before heading out to trick-or-treat tonight: http://1.usa.gov/16oJPQY
Event Photography Boy Scouts Patriot Award, Washington DC  Event Photography for  Boy Scouts Patriot Award in Washington, DC ©Carl Cox 2013
I hope the miners know that as long as there's coal to mine, I will proudly stand by their side.
Today is National Mine Rescue Day, and I join all West Virginians in honoring the courage, sacrifice and extraordinary strength of those in the mining community who have put their lives at risk to rescue miners from emergencies and accidents. I have always said that if we can’t mine it safely, we shouldn’t mine it at all. A strong mining industry begins with a strong commitment to our miners and our workers, and I will continue to make their safety my number one priority.  For more information about Mine Rescue Day, please click here: http://www.msha.gov/MineRescue/MineRescueDay/MineRescueDay.asp
MUST READ op-ed by the president of the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity.  "...the EPA regulators should allow CCS technology time to develop and become commercially viable before imposing it on companies. To do otherwise will be dangerous for energy and the environment."
I hope the miners know that as long as there's coal to mine, I will proudly stand by their side.
Coal miners are some the bravest and most patriotic men and women I have ever met in my life and it is always an honor to stand side by side with our hardworking miners, especially during today's coal rally at the steps of the United States Capitol.   Watch my remarks at today's American Energy Jobs rally: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQzCHSzIj_w
INFOGRAPHIC: If we continue to demonize coal, American jobs will be lost, electricity prices will soar and economic uncertainty will grow. We need the federal government to work as our partner, not an adversary, and to invest in America's energy future. Is this the President's idea of balancing the economy and the environment?
MUST READ STORY from The New York Times on the recent announcement by the F.D.A. on rescheduling hydrocodone. 
Was glad to sit down for an interview with C-SPAN to tell the story of my life and career in the great state of West Virginia.  ICYMI: http://www.c-spanvideo.org/program/315554-1
Successful One Shot Deer Hunt to support Hunters Feeding the Hungry for the Mountaineer Food Bank in wild and wonderful W.Va.
Another tremendous effort to curb drug abuse. Putnam County now has a permanent prescription drug drop box. Read more at The Charleston Gazette: http://bit.ly/1c4CLcZ
Urging all West Virginians to participate tomorrow in Drug Take Back Day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.  Drug Take Back Day is an opportunity for all West Virginians to come together to work toward fighting against drug abuse. These events not only help combat drug abuse by providing an opportunity to safely dispose of these medications, but they spread awareness of this critical issue. Let’s continue to work together so that West Virginia and our beautiful country can have strong, drug-free communities.  To view a full list of drop-off site locations, click here. https://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/NTBI/ntbi-pub.pub?_flowExecutionKey=_cCE4126AB-EC60-8E52-8EFF-3C16AD996DF2_k43B5BBC7-B3C9-8E54-D85D-5DBDD2BB0821
After years of fighting in the U.S. Senate to help curb the prescription drug abuse epidemic, I am pleased to announce a tremendous step forward.  Today, the FDA has officially recommended that HHS reschedule hydrocodone from a Schedule III to a Schedule II controlled substance.   Rescheduling hydrocodone from a Schedule III to a Schedule II drug will help prevent these highly addictive drugs from getting into the wrong hands.  I'm extremely grateful that the FDA has finally implemented its own advisory committee’s recommendations to reclassify these addictive drugs. The agency has just saved hundreds of thousands of lives.  Visit my website for more information and SHARE this with your friends and family.   http://1.usa.gov/17hCTIh
I humbly express my deepest appreciation to the Washington Coal Club and all of its members for honoring me with the 2013 Annual Achievement award. I'm proud to join the many other West Virginians who have received this award. The Washington Coal Club is vital to the future of coal production and it is a pleasure to be able to work with the Club so closely on fighting for our coal heritage, our coal industry and our hardworking coal miners.
This is outstanding news for our state. Let's continue to improve for the future of West Virginia's students.
ICYMI: Last night I went on the record with Bill O'Reilly about the need delay the Affordable Care Act’s “individual mandate” penalty provision by one year.   Watch it here:
I will be on Talkline with Hoppy Kercheval around 10:06 a.m. this morning to discuss the need to delay the Affordable Care Act’s “individual mandate” penalty provision by one year.   Tune in. http://wvmetronews.com/shows/talkline/
I understand that the Health Insurance Marketplace website has not been operating properly. However, my staff and I are here to help, and we will do everything in our power to make the enrollment process simpler for you and your family or small business.   Please visit my website to view a simple guide to what you need to know about the new health care law: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/health-care-help-from-joe
Are you a West Virginian and interested in applying for a service academy nomination? Call our Charleston office at 304-342-5855 or visit my website as soon as possible. The deadline is November 1st.    http://1.usa.gov/1fhsoI9
This Week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains: A Silver Lining Playbook After the Shutdown 
 
 Please read and share this week's message: http://1.usa.gov/1b7AXih
Last night I talked with Piers Morgan about the importance of bipartisanship when it comes to getting our financial house in order. We can not govern from the fringes. In West Virginia, we just aren't used to doing business that way. We try to identify our problem, bring people together, put our state ahead of our politics and work through it. That's what we need now in Washington.   ICYMI, watch the interview here:
It is critical now that we work together and find a balanced approach to reducing our deficit, balancing our budget, and responsibly reining in out-of-control spending.  ICYMI: Watch my interview last night with Larry Kudlow on getting our fiscal house in order.
The bottom line is that we managed to avoid this self-inflicted wound to the national and global economy, but it is past time for America to get its financial house in order.   ICYMI: Last night I went on the record with Greta Van Susteren about working together as Americans, not as Democrats and Republicans, to move our country's finances in the right direction.
The clock has run out, and it is time for our colleagues in both houses of Congress to adopt this bipartisan agreement. http://1.usa.gov/18mS4h0
From today's Beckley Register-Herald: Sen. Manchin resolved death gratuity issue  READ MORE: http://www.register-herald.com/letters/x703139445/Our-Readers-Speak-Wednesday-Oct-16-2013
ICYMI: Earlier I talked to MSNBC's Chuck Todd on The Daily Rundown about a debt limit deal and about putting the American people before politics. Watch it here:
We can get this done. We need to step in and do the job we are supposed to do, quit being Democrats and Republicans and start being Americans first and put our country first again.    ICYMI: Watch my interview last night with CNN's Erin Burnett about a bipartisan budget deal.
Senator Moran, Senator Inhofe and I, along with a group of 47 additional senators, today sent a letter to President Obama reiterating that the Senate overwhelmingly opposes the ratification of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty and will not be bound by its obligations.  Read more:
I want to thank CNN's New Day for having me on for the first time this morning. It was great to talk to Chris Cuomo about our need to reach a deal and move this country forward.   http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/bestoftv/2013/10/14/government-shutdown-manchin-newday.cnn
ICYMI: It is always a pleasure to be invited on Morning Joe. Here's our conversation from this morning:  http://tv.msnbc.com/2013/10/14/manchin-senate-not-on-suicide-watch-yet/
ICYMI: Watch my interview with Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Brian Kilmeade on Fox and Friends this morning.   http://video.foxnews.com/v/2742158578001/why-cant-congress-find-a-solution-to-budget-stalemate/
ICYMI: Watch my interview with my good friend Senator Bob Corker on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace. I believe that we can come together in a rational way and get our financial house in order.  http://video.foxnews.com/v/2741392357001/prospects-for-compromise-to-avert-default-reopen-govt/?playlist_id=928378949001
I look forward to joining my friend Senator Bob Corker on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. to discuss the government shutdown, the debt limit and our need to get our financial house in order. Tune in.  See local airtimes here: http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/fox-news-sunday/blog/2009/07/31/fns-local-air-times
I sent a letter to the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration informing them that I will be calling for a full investigation after news reports of ‘pay to play’ allegations between the pharmaceutical industry and FDA officials overseeing safety regulations of painkiller medicine.  Please read more here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ee800e5c-e8ba-4b7f-9ee0-c6fd4571e2c8
Following reports that the Department of Defense would not be able to pay death gratuities to families of service members killed in combat, I worked with the CEO of the Fisher House Foundation, Ken Fisher, to make sure these families are taken care of in their time of greatest need.    The Fisher House generously agreed to offer the families an advance grant until the government can make reimbursements at an appropriate time. The Fisher House will also cover flights, hotels and other incidentals for family members.   To read more, please visit my website. http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=148d4141-21b8-48d2-a842-0b3773f6a5ec
I am pleased that the Department of Defense has announced that our service members, National Guard and civilians who serve and protect our country every day will receive the pay they have earned and deserve during this senseless government shutdown, and that they will continue their mission.   I also thank Secretary Hagel for recalling most of the Department of Defense back to work to make sure that our country remains strong while the gridlock in Washington continues.   In the coming days, I will review the details of this announcement with leaders of the National Guard, the Department of Defense, the Administration and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that our national security is not disrupted.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/pentagon-to-recall-most-furloughed-workers-hagel-says/2013/10/05/eb7ed346-2deb-11e3-8ade-a1f23cda135e_story.html
Before our government shut down, Washington unanimously agreed to make sure paychecks go out to our service members and those who dedicate their lives to protect us each and every day. It's simply not fair and not right that the National Guard and Reserves and other civilians who also work on our national security have been furloughed and are forced to stay at home without receiving their paychecks. I am encouraged that so many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have swiftly come together to make this wrong a right. I thank the many West Virginia Guardsman and women, and their families, who contacted me about this issue: your voice matters.  Please read the letter 49 of my colleagues and I sent to the Department of Defense here: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=39905a2c-b2bc-4fe9-aca6-70887620c71e
I have decided to donate the salary I receive during this senseless government shutdown to the Save the Children charity in West Virginia. Gayle and I have focused on making sure all kids get a great start in life and we have worked to try to ensure all children receive the best educational opportunities available, proper health care and a safe and loving environment wherever their homes are in West Virginia. To read more about Save the Children in West Virginia, see link below. http://uscenter.savethechildren.org/About%20Us%20Documents/West%20Virginia.pdf
NA
I was glad to answer phone calls in my front office this morning and hear from West Virginians about the government shutdown.
NA
ICYMI: This morning I talked with David Bloomquist on NewsRadio 1170 WWVA about the EPA's new carbon emission standards. Listen here:  http://bit.ly/182ySnz
This is great news for Huntington and for West Virginia. 
Are you or someone you know interested in applying for a service academy nomination? Give our Charleston office a call at 304-342-5855 or visit my website: http://1.usa.gov/1fhsoI9
Don't forget to stop by "Wednesday Wake-Up With Joe" tomorrow at 10 a.m.! For upcoming dates, directions and to RSVP, please visit my website:
 http://1.usa.gov/17n62OV
If we lived in a perfect world, no one would ever have to worry about how much it costs to keep the lights on in their house.  But we don’t live in a perfect world.  We live in the real world where hardworking families and seniors keep a close eye on energy costs, because any increase in those costs usually means having to cut back somewhere else, usually on necessities.  Ron Binz, the Obama Administration’s nominee to chair the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, doesn't seem to understand the real world and how, for example, a $30 hike in a monthly electric bill can send shock waves through a family budget.  Continue reading this week's Message from the Hill to the Mountains: http://1.usa.gov/1bBodnZ
ICYMI: Yesterday I sat down with Bob Schieffer on Face The Nation to discuss funding our government and reducing our debt and deficit.
The facts are clear: the EPA's new source performance standards will devastate American jobs, the American economy and American families. Please take a look at these facts and share this link.    http://1.usa.gov/19oIerC
Today’s announcement of the EPA’s new source performance standard is direct evidence that this Administration is trying to hold the coal industry to impossible standards. Never before has the federal government forced an industry to do something that is technologically impossible. Forcing coal to meet the same emissions standards as gas when experts know that the required technology is not operational on a commercial scale makes absolutely no sense and will have devastating impacts to the coal industry and our economy.    If these regulations go into effect, American jobs will be lost, electricity prices will soar, and economic uncertainty will grow. We need the federal government to work as a partner, not an adversary, and to invest in America’s energy future. I will continue to fight EPA overreach, just as I did as Governor, to protect the reliable, affordable energy and the good-paying jobs that coal-fired power plants provide in West Virginia and across this country.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/18FQjxa
http://dailycaller.com/2013/09/18/manchin-to-oppose-obamas-energy-nominee/
ICYMI: At yesterday's Senate Energy Committee hearing, I questioned Mr. Binz and expressed my concern for the future of coal under his leadership: http://bit.ly/18z25JM
After my conversations with Mr. Binz, I respectfully cannot support his appointment as FERC Chairman. I believe that his leadership will threaten the reliability of our electrical grid, irreparably damage the coal industry, cost jobs and impose higher energy costs for hardworking Americans  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1gzNkFv
Senator Manchin met with students from North Marion High School outside of the Capitol building in Washington, D.C. He answered their questions, listened to their concerns and talked to them about the United States Senate.
Happy 66th birthday to the United States Air Force. We salute all the dedicated airmen and women who proudly serve our nation’s Air Force at home and abroad.
NA
Senator Byrd often said that our freedom is ‘set forth and realized’ in our Constitution and he felt it was vital to study it, honor it and revere it. That’s why he carried it in his coat pocket everywhere he went and wrote the law that created ‘Constitution Day’ – to be celebrated every September 17, the anniversary of the signing of the Constitution in Philadelphia 226 years ago.
 
 “September 17 used to be known simply as ‘Citizenship Day,’ a recognition of naturalized American citizens. But in 2004, at the urging of our beloved Senator Robert Byrd, Congress changed the official name to ‘Constitution Day and Citizenship Day’ to include a celebration of the signing of Constitution, not with flags and fireworks, but with thoughtful appreciation of what this great document has meant to us. So today, I join all West Virginians and Americans in proudly appreciating our Constitution, our supreme law of the land that defines America as ‘we the people.’ Let us take a moment and celebrate what our Constitution represents, which secures the blessings of liberty to ourselves now and for generations to come.
Proud that Military Times named Mountwest Community & Technical College best in the U.S. for veterans.   Read more: http://bit.ly/1aNKLSS
A dozen years later, the memories of 9/11 are still very real for Americans – the terrible images of the Towers falling, the Pentagon in flames and the smoldering field in rural Pennsylvania. It was a day when all Americans shared a terrible tragedy. But it was also a day that united us as never before. And as much as it changed our country, it also showed how much in America never changes – our desire to keep our families safe and our country strong. These are the ideals that truly bind us together as a nation. And with God’s blessings, it will always be so.  http://1.usa.gov/19HikBE
I am encouraged that the Syrian regime has agreed to sign the Chemical Weapons Convention, declare their chemical weapons and join the international community. I have said from the start that being a super power means more than super military might; it means super diplomacy and super restraint.   This is the first step in the important process of reducing Syria’s stockpile of chemical weapons, but it is not the last step. Moving forward, we must make sure that the actions taken by the Syrian government to comply with the Chemical Weapons Convention are swift, concrete and verifiable.  Please continue to visit my website for information and updates on this issue. http://1.usa.gov/1ead8fB
ICYMI: This morning I discussed Syria and our resolution, the Chemical Weapons Control and Accountability Resolution of 2013, on Fox and Friends.
Correction: Tune in to MSNBC tonight during the 7 p.m. hour to watch my interview with Chris Matthews on our resolution to promote a diplomatic solution in Syria.  Also, please visit my website to read the Chemical Weapons Control and Accountability Resolution of 2013, share your thoughts and opinions and get the latest updates on this critical issue. http://1.usa.gov/1ead8fB
NA
MUST READ: "Manchin and Heitkamp Push a Compelling Alternative Syria Resolution"  http://bit.ly/17LsbXJ
Our Syria resolution is the only plan right now that gets control of the chemical weapons – the one thing national security and foreign policy experts tell me is the most important goal.  To read our full Syria resolution, please click here: http://1.usa.gov/13AIll8
Tune in to Talkline around 10:30 a.m. I'll be talking to Hoppy Kercheval about our Syria resolution. http://bit.ly/Z164Li
The decision to use U.S. military force is one of the most serious decisions I have ever made. Over the past few weeks I have heard the concerns from thousands of West Virginians on the situation in Syria. This past week I have attended hearings before the Senate Armed Services Committee, which I am a member, and the Senate Foreign Relations Committees, of which I am not a member, to hear Secretaries Hagel and Kerry, and General Dempsey testify. I have attended classified briefings by the Administration, and have met with national security and foreign policy experts from the leading think tanks and universities around the country.   I have spoken with current and former military and administration officials. I sought out as much information as possible, so I could be sure that I had a complete understanding of the situation in Syria, and our strategic plan.   Given the case that has been presented to me, I believe that a military strike against Syria at this time is the wrong course of action. In good conscience, I cannot support the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s resolution and will be working with my colleagues and the administration to develop other options. I believe that we must exhaust all diplomatic options and have a comprehensive plan for international involvement before we act.
NA
Senator Manchin celebrated Labor Day with West Virginia's hardworking miners and their families at the annual UMWA Labor Day Rally in Racine.
Thank you for reaching out to me regarding the ongoing situation in Syria.  I appreciate your concerns and will be posting information and updates on social media and my website when appropriate.  The U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations will begin hearing  on Syria at 2:30 p.m. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/1dLTeY8
As I begin attending intelligence briefings and hearings concerning the ongoing situation in Syria, I want to hear from West Virginians on what, if any, military action should be taken. Your feedback is invaluable as Congress begins debate on this critical national security issue.  Please comment or send me a Facebook message.  Please email me at Syriaopinions@manchin.senate.gov;  Tweet me @Sen_JoeManchin and use #Syria;   http://1.usa.gov/15U57W9
I was proud to celebrate Labor Day with many of our hardworking and dedicated coal miners and their families at the UMWA rally in Racine.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wnum2gsnugU
Happy Labor Day to the hardworking men and women who keep West Virginia and our great country running every day. I was honored to celebrate today at the UMWA rally in Boone County.   http://1.usa.gov/1adVq9k
I am deeply concerned by the use of chemical weapons in Syria against innocent people, but after over a decade of war in the Middle East, there needs to be compelling evidence that there is an imminent threat to the security of the American people or our allies before any military action is taken. I do not believe that this situation meets that threshold. I implore the President to immediately call Congress back to Washington and engage in a serious debate on this issue before any military action is taken.  http://1.usa.gov/17sVAYq
I am so proud of Toyota for today's announcement. Toyota's steadfast commitment to West Virginia is truly remarkable and their loyal, dedicated team members produce top quality products. With our affordable energy, abundant resources, talented workforce, and a government that treats employers as partners, West Virginia is the perfect place to do business.
Today I heard from the WV Manufacturers Association Chemical Industry Committee, Howard Monroe and West Virginia’s business and industry leaders. Thank you all for the productive discussions on our jobs, our economy and our future.
Pleased to join my good friend and No Labels co-chair Jon Huntsman, and West Virginia's business leaders for day two of the WV Business Summit at the Greenbrier.
Urging West Virginians to use caution and be prepared for excessive rain and possible flooding in the coming days.   The National Weather Service issued an advisory for the following 25 counties from 2 p.m. today through 11 a.m. Friday: Cabell, Lincoln, Boone, Kanawha, Putnam, Mason, Jackson, Roane, Clay, Calhoun, Wirt, Wood, Pleasants, Ritchie, Gilmer, Braxton, Webster, Randolph, Upshur, Barbour, Taylor, Harrison, Lewis, Doddridge and Tyler.  Make sure to visit the Storm Information Center on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1869v1u
NA
During the spring, many groups of West Virginia students came to Washington, D.C. for a year-end field trip. Senator Manchin enjoyed meeting the students and talking with them about the Senate.
As co-chairman of No Labels, Senator Manchin attended and spoke at the organization's 'Make Government Work' event in Washington, D.C. No Labels is a group dedicated to promoting bipartisanship and problem solving to end gridlock in Washington.
NA
Be sure to read this story in the National Journal for a closer look at my tour last week on jobs in West Virginia.  http://bit.ly/14Pqkfl
NA
Senator Manchin participated in a roundtable discussion on the state of the economy with local business leaders in Beckley.
Pleased to speak this morning with the students at Nitro High School about jobs, student loans and the state of our economy. 
 Wishing all West Virginia students success as they begin a new school year.
Forty-six years ago today I married my soul mate. Happy anniversary to the love of my life, my better half and my wonderful wife, Gayle. I am thankful for the many years of friendship, joy and love you have given me.
My staff and I stayed busy in July, both in D.C. and in West Virginia.   See what we've been up to: http://bit.ly/15yOLkv
Pleased to meet and talk with this wonderful group of West Virginians from Shepherdstown Presbyterian Church yesterday.
Senator John McCain and I today sent a letter to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel about the rising incidents of child abuse and neglect within the military. We pledge to work with the Department of Defense to successfully address this issue.  Read the letter: http://1.usa.gov/17UtodD
Today I will urge my colleagues to expedite the passage of the Chemical Safety Improvement Act (CSIA).   This bipartisan bill would reform the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) to protect the health and safety of all Americans and ensure the chemicals we use and consume every day are safe for our people and our environment.   Watch live as I testify: http://1.usa.gov/166RJvB
After listening to Gina McCarthy’s first speech as the new Administrator of the EPA, I can say that we completely agree on one thing: that clean energy technology will spur economic growth.  Clean coal technology already is being used and it’s having a direct impact on our environment and our economy. In the last ten years, U.S. coal emissions have been reduced by 50 percent and coal-fired electric plants are expected to spend at least $80 billion by 2015 on new technologies to further reduce emissions. These investments would have an even greater impact on our economy and environment if we had a partner instead of an adversary in the federal government.   Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16A0qP2
Remembering the late Mike Whitt today for his life-long dedication to improving life for Mingo Countians. It was a pleasure to join the Whitt family for the unveiling of the memorial sign located at the beginning of the Mingo County stretch of the King Coal Highway.
 --------------------------
ICYMI: This morning Senator Burr and I joined Fox and Friends to talk bipartisanship and the Student Loans bill. WATCH:  http://fxn.ws/13ecthE
Enjoyed meeting with young men and women from Boys and Girls State this morning. You make West Virginia proud!
Catch me this morning on Fox and Friends with Senator Burr. We will be discussing the passage of the Student Loan bill. Tune in around 8:40 a.m.
I am so pleased to announce  passage of the “Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act” by a vote of 81-18.  I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for coming together to pass this commonsense, long-term fix that lowers rates for all of our students.  In just a few short weeks, students will be returning to school knowing with certainty what their interest rates will be on their loans for the upcoming school year.    http://1.usa.gov/170usdL
Voting YES on the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act will save students $8 billion dollars in interest in 2013 and $31 billion dollars over the next four years.
MUST WATCH: Students and families, today I urged all of my colleagues to support the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act, a bill I cosponsored to permanently lower rates for ALL students.   "Like" and share this video if you agree that Congress should vote yes on our bipartisan compromise and lower the rate on all undergraduate loans from 6.8 percent to 3.8 percent.  http://bit.ly/15g8B3R
Tune in now to learn about how the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act will lower rates for ALL students. http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
ICYMI: Be sure to watch my explanation of the history of coal and its importance to American economic growth.  http://bit.ly/1bd6G5Y
Read this story from the Charleston Gazette today on my vote against Gina McCarthy.   http://bit.ly/18phHfU
Tune in now to watch live as Senator John Hoeven and I speak about the importance of the coal. Watch it here: http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
ICYMI: Earlier I went to the Senate floor to explain why I voted against Gina McCarthy to be the next Administrator of the EPA.    Watch it here: http://bit.ly/17ory4H
I voted against Gina McCarthy to be the next Administrator of the EPA, but my fight is not with her. My fight is with President Obama and the EPA, the regulatory agency that has consistently placed unreasonable regulations and unobtainable standards on energy production, rather than focus on efforts to develop a domestic all-of-the-above energy strategy for the future.  With that being said, the Senate has passed her nomination by a vote of 59-40, so I am committed to working with her to make sure we invest in domestic energy policies that will secure American jobs and continue to grow our economy.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16MjmZJ
As co-chairman of No Labels, Senator Manchin attended and spoke at the organization's 'Make Government Work' event in Washington, D.C.  No Labels is a group dedicated to promoting bipartisanship and problem solving to end gridlock in Washington.
Around 5 p.m. I will be speaking on the Senate floor on how coal has been an integral part of building America for decades and how it will be an important source of energy for decades to come. To watch it live, please click here:  http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
Around 5 p.m. I will be speaking on the Senator floor on how coal has been an integral part of building America for decades and how it will be an important source of energy for decades to come. To watch it live, please click here:  http://1.usa.gov/1div1CY
Senator Manchin met with the families of the MomsRising organization during their trip to Capitol Hill.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUV_As5ABpA  West Virginians, if you have not yet heard Pocahontas County native Wyatt Turner’s original song, “Remind Me of West Virginia,” I would recommend taking a moment to watch this video.   An aspiring country music artist, Wyatt is incredibly talented. His song truly captures the beauty of the Mountain State and the pride that we, as West Virginians, take in the place we call home. I look forward to watching him grow in his music career.
Senator Manchin proudly welcomed four veterans from Beckley’s Pine Lodge Nursing Home to the nation’s capital to travel to the memorials that were built in their honor.
It is my distinct honor to spend some time with these devoted vets and pay tribute to the men and women who have served our great nation.
I am proud to support the United Mine Workers of America and some of our country’s most dedicated and hardworking people, our coal miners, to demand what’s right and fair at today’s rally in Fairmont. A few weeks ago, I marched shoulder-to-shoulder with some of these very same people in Charleston and rallied for fairness and trust. If I could, I’d be in my hometown today standing beside them again.
 
 Read more: http://1.usa.gov/13ziY5P
NA
NA
NA
July 3, 1863: The Battle of Gettysburg turned the tide of the Civil War. And West Virginians helped make that possible. On the 150th anniversary, we remember the brave soldiers, including the 11 West Virginians who died and the 47 who were wounded, who fought so that all Americans could enjoy freedom.   http://1.usa.gov/12gMref
Glad to join the residents and local officials in Hinton this morning for a town hall meeting.
I've been here almost 3 years & I've watched us kick the can down the road so far to where my toe is hurting. It’s time Congress stops playing politics with our students’ future and passes a commonsense long-term fix, the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act.   VIDEO: http://bit.ly/13dHAQ5
Three years ago, we lost a pillar of the United States Senate, a beloved West Virginia statesman and an unwavering guardian of the Constitution – Senator Robert C. Byrd.   His contributions and dedication to our state and this great nation inspired us all and his influence stretched far beyond West Virginia’s borders.  I am incredibly honored to carry on his legacy in the Senate, and although his shoes can never be filled, I will continuously strive to follow in his footsteps and be guided by his wisdom, passion and strength.   I encourage all West Virginians today to take a moment and remember Senator Byrd and his unparalleled 63 years of public service.  http://1.usa.gov/128GIqQ
After careful consideration, I believe that the “Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act,” is a step forward to finally reforming our broken immigration system and effectively securing our borders. My support of this bill came only after the Senate agreed on an amendment to significantly strengthen border security.  Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/11LMQc8
The Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act  would avert student loan interest rates from doubling on July 1st and provide a permanent solution that would lower and fix interest rates for 100 percent of newly issued student loans.  To watch today's press conference, please click here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPHM-OoKaIk&feature=youtu.be
My colleagues and I today officially introduced the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act. It is the only bipartisan, permanent fix that lowers interest rates for all students, especially the poorest, while also putting in place a consolidation cap that ensures student loan interest rates never become unaffordable.   We’ve had a year to fix this problem and I refuse to kick the can down the road again. It’s time Congress stops playing politics with our students’ future and passes a commonsense long-term fix.  To read more about our bill, please click here:  http://1.usa.gov/11QtCyH
Tomorrow, my colleagues and I plan to introduce our bipartisan, permanent student loan solution. This agreement not only makes sure student rates will not double on July 1, but this is a long-term fix that will lower rates for all students and will save students $30 billion over the next three years, making sure anyone who wants an education, can afford one.  Read more: http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1a6384e7-5b4d-4f66-883c-aa4a11edcc77
Senator Manchin joined Senator Rockefeller and Representatives Rahall and McKinley to proudly showcase West Virginia businesses, universities, organizations and musical talent at the “Taste of West Virginia” in Washington D.C. Approximately 1,000 guests attended.
Today I was proud to join Amtrak as they announced that 25% of new hires will be veterans by 2015.
ICYMI: This morning I talked with my friends at Fox and Friends about President Obama's destructive climate change proposal. Watch it here: http://fxn.ws/138m1BP
I look forward to joining Fox and Friends around 8:15 a.m. this morning. Tune in.  ICYMI: Last night I spoke with Bret Baier on Fox News Special Report about Pres. Obama's destructive proposal. Watch it here: http://bit.ly/19BEFka
It’s clear now that the President has declared a war on coal since the key element of his climate change proposal places regulations on coal that are completely impossible to meet with existing technology.  This country is going to need coal long into our future. Removing coal from our energy mix will have disastrous consequences for our recovering economy. I am committed to fighting these destructive policies.   Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/10S3w2X
NA
Congratulations to one of my staffers, Lee, his wife, Emily and many other adventure-seeking West Virginians who participated in the Outspoken for 4-H 10th Annual Bike Ride Across West Virginia. This group biked nearly 250 miles across the state to raise awareness for camp scholarships.  I am proud of these members and their efforts to make sure each and every young person in West Virginia has an opportunity to be a part of 4-H.
NA
Happy birthday to my best friend and the love of my life, Gayle. She makes West Virginia Day even more special to me every year.
As always, I enjoyed talking with my friends on Morning Joe today. Watch it here if you missed it earlier.  http://nbcnews.to/105wqdx
Yesterday I honored West Virginia's sesquicentennial on the Senate floor. Watch the link below.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0gsCmNsIog
Happy 150th West Virginia Day to all of my fellow West Virginians, and happy birthday to my beautiful wife Gayle, who makes this day even more special for me.    Today, the state of West Virginia marks a historic milestone as it marks the sesquicentennial of our birth – our 150th anniversary of statehood.   Born out of the turmoil of the Civil War a century and a half ago, we were founded by patriots who were willing to risk their lives for freedom and justice for all.  Again and again, I am inspired by West Virginians’ devotion to family, their love of country, their belief in hard work and sacrifice, and – above all – their undeniable spirit to weather any storm by coming together.   When things get tough, we get tougher.  We are West Virginians. And like the brave, loyal patriots who founded our state, our love of God and country and family and state is unshakeable.  All of us have a part in West Virginia’s amazing story, and on this 150th West Virginia Day, I urge all West Virginians to celebrate all of the many reasons our state is special. We should all be proud of how far we’ve come and how far we will go.   https://vimeo.com/68775373
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 1 - Wetzel  Fact: Gas well drilled in Town of Hundred in 1886 is still producing today.  Recommendation: Go across the Fish Creek Covered Bridge, the last remaining covered bridge in the county.
What makes West Virginia special to you? I am compiling all of your answers for a special video I will post on Thursday for West Virginia's 150th birthday celebration.
Countdown to WV's 150th birthday: Day 2 - Taylor  Fact: Mother’s Day was founded in Taylor County by Grafton resident Anna Jarvis.    Recommendation: Tygart Lake is a beautiful weekend getaway . http://www.tygartlake.com/
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th birthday: Day 3 -  Mingo  Fact: Established in 1895, it is youngest county in West Virginia.  Recommendation:  Listed on West Virginia’s National Register of Historic Places, the Coal House in Williamson is a unique sight.
Countdown to WV's 150th birthday: Day 4 - Wirt  Fact: The oil and gas industry in West Virginia originated at Burning Springs.  Tourism: Visit the Beauchamp-Newman Museum. Long known as the "Old Red Brick," it is the oldest brick building in Elizabeth.
Father's Day fishing with my grandson Jack. Happy Father's Day to all of my fellow fathers and grandfathers.
Blessed to join family and celebrate the baptism of Vivian Gayle Roberts, our 8th grandchild.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 5 - Tucker  Fact: Home of Blackwater Falls, one of the most photographed scenes in West Virginia.  Recommendation: Canaan Valley/Blackwater Falls is an exciting vacation destination any time of the year.   http://www.blackwaterfalls.com/
NA
Bridgeport native Jeanette Nelson has always dreamed of winning the world’s biggest cooking competition, the Pillsbury Cook Off.  Now, Jeanette has cooked her way to the semifinals and she is determined to be the first winner to represent West Virginia. A grand prize of a million dollars could be hers if she wins overall.     Let’s rally and help a fellow West Virginian's dream come true. Vote for Jeanette and her Sweet Chili Chicken Sliders here before June 27th.   http://www.pillsbury.com/BakeOff/Voting-Home/Voting-Gallery
Today, I am thankful to celebrate both the 238th birthday of the U.S. Army and Flag Day with fellow West Virginians.
 
 I urge all West Virginians to join me in celebrating Flag Day – by displaying the flag, our most enduring symbol, representing the unity of our people and the cause of liberty and justice for all.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 6 - Pleasants  Fact: Pleasants county is one of the smallest counties in West Virginia and was named after Virginia’s governor, James Pleasants.   Recommendation: Stop to see the Cain House in Saint Mary’s. This was one of the town’s first buildings and was built by the town’s founder, Alexander Creel.
West Virginians, we are one week away from West Virginia Day. Join me in celebrating by commenting with what makes our state special to you.
West Virginians being impacted by the recent storm, please be incredibly careful. I urge you to visit my Storm Information Center for information on available resources.   Please contact your county office of emergency services for immediate assistance. County Emergency Services should be your first point of contact: http://www.dhsem.wv.gov/countycontacts/Pages/default.aspx     http://1.usa.gov/ZM6hQG
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 7 - Hampshire  Fact: Created in 1754, Hampshire is our oldest county.  Tourism: Experience natural and local history on board the Potomac Eagle Science Rail Excursion Train. http://www.potomaceagle.info/
NA
I proudly joined Senator Portman and members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame yesterday to urge support for our legislation honoring the Hall of Fame, the players, the history and the cultural impact of professional football. Please click the link to watch a video of Senator Manchin from the event: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJm0lDVk1qM
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 8 - Greenbrier  Fact: Permanent home of the State Fair of West Virginia. http://statefairofwv.com/   Recommendation: Bike the 80 miles of the scenic Greenbrier River Trail with your friends and family. http://wordpress.greenbrierrivertrail.com/
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 9 - Doddridge  Fact: Doddridge County is the birthplace of the only West Virginian ever to be elected a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, the U.S. Senate, and the state’s governor, Matthew Mansfield Neely.  Tourism: Head to West Union this August for the 37th Doddridge County Fair.  https://www.doddridgecountyfair.com/
Yesterday, Gayle and I watched our granddaughter Kelsey become a Quaker Valley High School graduate. We are tremendously proud of her accomplishments.
I could not be more proud of Cooper Blair, a young West Virginian from Marshall County.  This aspiring track star competed in the Endeavor Games over the weekend in Oklahoma and returned to West Virginia with four gold medals. Congratulations, Cooper. You are an inspiration to us all. 
 
 Please click on the link to watch WTRF's story on Cooper. 
 http://bit.ly/11CEWkE
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 10 - Harrison  Fact: Clarksburg is the site of the first U.S. judicial district west of the Alleghenies, established in 1819  Tourism: Labor Day weekend, visit the 35th annual West Virginia Italian Heritage Festival. http://www.wvihf.com/
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 11 - Mineral  Fact: The county seat, Keyser, was originally called "Paddy Town."  Recommendation: Visit the West Virginia Overlook to see a breathtaking view of Jennings Randolph Lake and a rare geological structure, the "Waffle Rock."
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 12 - Wayne  Fact: Named for Revolutionary War hero "Mad Anthony" Wayne, it is located at the juncture of the Ohio and Big Sandy rivers.   Recommendation: Take your family to the Pumpkin House in Kenova this fall to see the magnificent display of over 3,000 jack-o-lanterns, carved and collected to celebrate the season.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 13 - Wyoming  Fact: This county, which is the heart of West Virginia’s southern coal and natural gas producing region, is also the birthplace of current Los Angeles Lakers coach, Mike D’Antoni.   Recommendation: Twin Falls State Park is the perfect destination for outdoor, adventure seekers and shows off some of West Virginia’s most beautiful golf courses. http://bit.ly/1avgAu4
NA
Congratulations to the Tweel family on 75 years of delicious food and business success at Jim’s Steak and Spaghetti House in Huntington.
 
 Their strong work ethic, their passion for business, and their love of their community – all of which have been passed down generation to generation – represent the very best of West Virginia.
Today, on the 69th anniversary, we remember and honor the soldiers who courageously stormed the beaches of Normandy on June 6, 1944. To those who made the ultimate sacrifice on that day, including 38 West Virginians, we are forever indebted. Their boundless bravery as they fought for our freedom will never be forgotten.   http://bit.ly/ZRQXEi
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 14 - Roane  Fact: Birthplace of Col. Ruby Bradley, one of the most decorated women in U.S. military history and the nation’s most decorated female veteran  Tourism: Home to the West Virginia Black Walnut Festival since 1956 http://www.wvblackwalnutfestival.org/
Today, Katherine Bomkamp, a student from West Virginia University, attended our "Wednesday Wake Up with Joe" event and showed our staff her incredible invention, The Pain Free Socket. 
 
 Congratulations, Katherine, on your achievements, and best of luck in your very bright future. Your dedication to helping our veterans makes us so proud.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 15 - Calhoun  Fact: Named for South Carolina statesman John C. Calhoun  Tourism: Calhoun County Park is where you can find Heritage Village, home to historic structures showcasing the county’s past
Today I questioned military leadership on how officials plan to prevent sexual crimes and better protect victims of sexual assault in the military. It is intolerable to continue on this path, and we must work together to prevent the legacy of abuse from continuing.  http://1.usa.gov/11WhT65
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 16 - Jackson  Fact: Ripley’s 4th of July Celebration is the oldest parade and oldest Independence Day Celebration in West Virginia  http://www.ripley4thofjuly.us/   Tourism: Visit the Mountain State Arts and Craft Fair at beautiful Cedar Lakes http://www.msacf.com/
Gayle and I are deeply saddened to hear that our dear friend Frank Lautenberg has passed away and we join all West Virginians in keeping his wife, Bonnie, and his entire family in our hearts and prayers as they go through this difficult time.   http://1.usa.gov/18N92q7
Manchin's Message from the Hill to the Mountains:   In Government We Distrust  Before the popularity of credit and debit cards, I often saw the same sign in Mom-and-Pop stores all across West Virginia: “In God we trust. All others pay cash.”  It was a good way to do business then, but the sign almost always made me laugh.  Of course, what made it funny was the fact that the motto “In God We Trust” was prominently displayed on all our money – well, at least starting in 1956 when Congress and President Eisenhower made it the law.  Ironically, back then, the American people also trusted their government.  In fact, in one poll in 1958, 73 percent of Americans said they trusted the government in Washington to do what was right “most of the time” or “just about always.”  Not anymore.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZHRoAZ
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 17 - Brooke  Fact: The town of Bethany is home to 2 of WV’s 15 National Historic Landmarks – the Campbell Mansion and Bethany College’s Old Main  Tourism: Take your family to Brooke Hills Park for many activities including fishing, swimming, golf, picnic shelters, outdoor games, hiking http://www.brookehillspark.com/
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 18 - Jefferson  Fact: Named in honor of our third president and author of the Declaration of Independence, Thomas Jefferson  Recommendation: Visit Harpers Ferry National Historic Park and see the scene of John Brown's abolitionist uprising.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 19 - Logan  Fact: Logan County was the setting of the infamous feud between the Hatfields and the McCoys.  Recommendation: Various outdoor activities await you at Chief Logan State Park. http://bit.ly/ZC0AqL
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 20 - Preston   Fact: Preston County was established on January 19, 1818 and named after James Patton Preston, then governor of Virginia.   Recommendation: The Buckwheat Festival has been a Preston County tradition since 1938. Check it out this September: http://www.buckwheatfest.com/
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 21 - Morgan  Fact: Named for General Daniel Morgan, prominent Revolutionary War general  Recommendation: Visit Berkeley Springs and take a drink from Lord Fairfax’s public tap at the” Country’s First Spa.”
This ruling that allows Patriot Coal to ignore its collective bargaining agreement with the United Mine Workers of America is a travesty. It is wrong that Peabody can set up a company such as Patriot, fill that company with its liabilities and then spin that company off for the sole purpose of avoiding its contractual and moral obligations to its workers. I don’t think bankruptcy laws were ever designed to shield corporations from their promises and responsibilities. I will continue to fight for fairness in the bankruptcy system.  http://1.usa.gov/10IEA8F
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 22 - Lewis County  Fact: The boyhood home of Civil War General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson  Recommendation: West Virginia has a long and proud history of glassmaking. If you are in Weston, make sure to visit the Museum of American Glass. http://www.magwv.com/
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 23 - Mercer County  Fact: Named for Revolutionary War Gen. Hugh Mercer and county seat Princeton is named for the battle where Gen. Mercer was killed  Recommendation: Visit the historic Town of Bramwell to see the beautiful mansions
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 24 - Ritchie County  Fact: West Virginia's oldest five and dime store, 103-year-old Berdine's Five and Dime, is in Harrisville.   Recommendation: Spend a day on the lake at North Bend State Park.
Happy Memorial Day. Remember today that the freedoms we enjoy are ours because of the men and women who have bravely served this great country. From the bottom of my heart, I want to thank our veterans, soldiers and their families for their sacrifice, this Memorial Day and every day.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 25 - Hancock County  Fact: The most northern and the smallest of West Virginia's counties. Recommendation: Tomlinson Run State Park is a great place for your next camping trip.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 26 - Tyler County  Fact: Birthplace of our youngest and oldest governor, Cecil Underwood   Recommendation: Visit the Sistersville Ferry, one of the few remaining ferry boats still in operation on the Ohio River.
In honor of Memorial Day, Senator Manchin is proud to offer a three-part legislation package to expand benefits for our veterans and active service members. http://1.usa.gov/16TNvvj
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 27 -Grant County   Fact: Named for Civil War General and 18th President, Ulysses S. Grant.  Recommendation: Visit Crystal Caves in Scherr and take a drive through this county to see many picturesque landscapes.
Proud to work with my good friend Senator John Hoeven on improving energy efficiency.   http://1.usa.gov/14D4f6k
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 28 - Summers County   Fact: The legend of John Henry was born at the Big Bend tunnel near Talcott.  Recommendation: Fishing opportunities await you on the New, Bluestone and Greenbrier rivers.
This is a great opportunity for West Virginia military families. I encourage all who are eligible to take advantage of the Blue Star Museums Initiative this summer.   http://1.usa.gov/12WOSnu
Gayle and I send a very special “Happy Birthday” to our dear son, Joseph, who turns 41 today. Time passes by so fast.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 29 - Putnam County   Fact: The beautiful town of Eleanor, named for First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt, was established as a New Deal project in the 1930s.   Recommendation: Have a picnic at Hurricane City Park.
West Virginians have always answered the call to help one another in times of tragedy, and as Mountaineers, the members of the WVU baseball team have been tremendous representatives of West Virginia University and our great state. These men have been working to provide clothing, supplies and relief to those who lost everything. They displayed true character and I am incredibly proud of them. As Oklahomans continue their rescue and recovery efforts, Gayle and I, along with all West Virginians, pray for all of those who have been affected by this horrible disaster.  http://1.usa.gov/17ZYAuS
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 30 - Mason County   Fact: This is where the Ohio and Kanawha rivers meet.  Recommendation: Take a day trip to Point Pleasant to see Point Pleasant Riverfront Park and floodwall murals, the Mothman Museum and statue, Point Pleasant River Museum and other interesting sites.
Pleased that West Virginia's request to withdraw from No Child Left Behind was granted by the U.S. Department of Education.   http://1.usa.gov/10JJAgh
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 31 - McDowell County   Fact: Home to Homer Hickam, author of Rocket Boys. http://bit.ly/17TQxQq  Tourism: Visit the Indian Ridge Trail System. It is the most recently added 75 mile addition to the Hatfield-McCoy Trails Family.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 32 - Pocahontas County  Fact: Hillsboro is known as Pearl S. Buck's birthplace  Recommendation: Visit the Cass Scenic Railroad State Park
To honor Armed Forces Day, Senator Manchin urges all West Virginians today to thank a veteran or current serving member of the National Guard, Reserve or active military.    http://1.usa.gov/10bB4qv
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 33 - Ohio County  Fact: West Virginia’s first Capital City was located in Wheeling  Recommendation: Tour West Virginia Independence Hall, located in Wheeling. This historical building provided a venue for heated political discussions, such as slavery, and constitutional conventions that led to eventual statehood for West Virginia in 1863.   http://bit.ly/10bqAYc
Today, Senator Manchin helped celebrate the opening of the new shooting range at Canaan Valley State Park.
Senator Manchin met with students from Teays Valley.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 34 - Monroe County   Fact: Named for our 5th President, James Monroe   Recommendation: Take a drive on U.S. 219 from Peterstown through Union to see some of the most beautiful farmlands
The Honor Flight Network is a nationwide effort to ensure veterans have the opportunity to visit Washington, D.C. to see the monuments that were built to honor their service.
Had a great talk with Brian Kilmeade this morning on Fox News Radio.   Listen to the interview here:  http://bit.ly/17zTJR5
NA
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 35 - Wood County   Fact: Since 1957, Parkersburg has been known as the Saving Bond Capital of America   Recommendation: Visit historic Blennerhassett Island http://www.blennerhassettislandstatepark.com/
It is such an honor to welcome these brave servicemen to Washington today with Representatives Rahall and McKinley. Showing our appreciation to the men and women who have served this nation is something we should do each and every day.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 36 - Gilmer County  Fact: This is where Mrs. Ellen King and H.A. Eagle composed the West Virginia state song, "The West Virginia Hills." Also, in 2012, I was honored to give my first commencement address as U.S. Senator at beautiful Glenville State College.  Recommendation: Don’t miss the 64th Annual West Virginia State Folk Festival in June.
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 37 - Pendleton County  Fact: The highest point in our state is Spruce Knob at 4861 feet   Recommendation: Don’t miss the 44th Treasure Mountain Festival this September
Just posted some great photos of my family and me celebrating my granddaughter's birthday this weekend. Please click this link to check them out on my Tumblr page:   http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/
The actions of the IRS are unacceptable and un-American.   http://1.usa.gov/13t8L7H
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 38 - Braxton County  Fact: Named for Carter Braxton, a signer of the Declaration of Independence  Recommendation: Visit two great lakes - Burnsville and Sutton
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 39 - Hardy County  Fact: Home to Moorefield, the poultry capital in WV    Recommendation: Visit WV’s only natural lake, Trout Pond
Celebrating the many mothers in my life today. So proud this great American tradition started in West Virginia. Happy Mother's Day!
Countdown to WV's 150th Birthday: Day 40 - Clay County  Fact: One of only three counties in West Virginia where the county seat bears the county name.  Recommendation: This September, don't miss out on the Clay County Golden Delicious Festival.   http://bit.ly/18BevyH
To the class of 2013: Each of you is a part of West Virginia's future and we need young leaders like you now more than ever. Congratulations and best of luck to all of West Virginia's graduates. Video: http://bit.ly/13KqZRk
Congratulations to Ben Queen of Bridgeport  for being selected as an outstanding Young Entrepreneur by the National Federation of Independent Business Young Entrepreneur Foundation.   Ben is one out of only five high school seniors in America being awarded for his successful pursuit of owning and operating a small business. Wishing Ben the best of luck and will be pulling for him to win “2013 Young Entrepreneur of the Year” in June!   To read more: http://bit.ly/16tDNze
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 41 – Lincoln County  Fact: Named for our nation’s 16th President, Abraham Lincoln and birthplace of my dear friend Brigadier General Charles Yeager, U.S.A.F. Retired, the first man to break the sound barrier.  Recommendation: Great hunting opportunities at the Big Ugly Wildlife Management Area
If you weren't able to tune in last night, here it is. Click the link below to watch last night's interview with MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell.  http://on.msnbc.com/13JpT8k
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 42 – Kanawha County  Fact: Home to famous black education leader Booker T. Washington. In 1901, he even had dinner with President Theodore Roosevelt at the White House.   Recommendation: The perfect staycation: Visit our beautiful state capitol and don’t forget to take a free tour of our State Museum at the Culture Center.   www.wvculture.org
Today Senators Boozman, Moran, Tester and I have introduced The Servicemembers Choice in Transition Act of 2013 to make sure that when our brave veterans separate from the military, they are aware of the educational opportunities, counseling programs and benefits they have earned and deserve.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16h9Oe5
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 43 –  Upshur County  Fact: Home to the West Virginia State Wildlife Center. If you go, make sure to say hi to French Creek Freddie!  Recommendation: Next month, make a stop at the West Virginia Strawberry Festival, held in Buckhannon.   http://www.wvstrawberryfestival.com/
Check out my Tumblr for behind the scenes photos from today's interviews with CBS This Morning and Fox and Friends.  http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/
Congratulations to Jay Haapala of Elkview and Julian Harrington of West Union, who have been selected as West Virginia’s state honorees and the top two youth volunteers in the 18th annual Prudential Spirit of Community Award. I have always said that West Virginians are dedicated to neighbors helping neighbors and Jay and Julian have set extraordinary examples by serving others.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 44 – Nicholas County   Fact: Home to Carnifex Ferry, an important Civil War battle site  Recommendation: Great fishing, camping and boating opportunities at Summersville Lake  www.summersvillewv.org
Today, I voted in support of the Marketplace Fairness Act because it is a chance to do more than just talk – it’s a chance to show we really care about small businesses. It levels the playing field and gives our Main Street businesses a fighting chance in competing with Internet vendors that are not required to collect sales tax.   To see my recent floor speech in support of the Marketplace Fairness Act, please click here.  http://1.usa.gov/15GXH9S
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 45 – Monongalia County      Fact: Home to the late Don Knotts, best known for his role as Barney Fife on The Andy Griffith Show  Recommendation: If you want some real excitement, try a WVU game. Let’s go … Mountaineers!   http://www.wvusports.com/
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 46 – Berkeley County  Fact: The main line of the B&O Railroad ran right through Martinsburg, proving strategic importance to both armies during the Civil War  Recommendation: Attend the 34th Annual Mountain State Apple Harvest Festival this October – the parade is one of the largest in our state http://www.msahf.com/
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 47 – Randolph County  Fact: The first 4-H camp in the world was held here.  Recommendation: Stop by West Virginia’s oldest festival, the Mountain State Forest Festival http://www.forestfestival.com/
NA
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 48 – Fayette County  Fact: Home to Marian McQuade, founder of Grandparents’ Day, which was first celebrated in West Virginia in 1973. It became a nationally designated day in 1979.  Recommendation: Don’t miss Bridge Day at the New River Gorge http://www.officialbridgeday.com/
NA
On this National Day of Prayer, I join all West Virginians of all religions in offering special prayers for America and for our troops. God bless.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 49 – Cabell County  Fact: Home to Marshall University, which is named for John Marshall, 4th Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court  www.marshall.edu  Recommendation: Started in 1985, the West Virginia Pumpkin Festival is a must for visitors and residents alike.  http://www.wvpumpkinpark.com/
With great corporate partners like Toyota and its devoted team members, we are truly building a brighter future for West Virginia.   Congratulations to Toyota Motor Manufacturing, West Virginia, Inc. on the production of the Buffalo plant’s ten millionth unit!   http://1.usa.gov/18dfVyV
NA
Senator Manchin with Bruce Burgess and his mother, Opal after the Military Warriors Support Foundation presented the family with a home for Bruce's unwavering military service.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 50 – Boone County  Fact: Named for the famous frontiersman Daniel Boone.  Recommendation: Visit the 20th Annual West Virginia Coal Festival.  http://wvcoalmuseum.org/machinery.htm
Senator Manchin enjoyed a weekend in the West Virginia mountains fishing with his family and friends.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 51 – Raleigh County  Fact: West Virginia’s beloved statesman, the late Robert C. Byrd lived here. He was the valedictorian of the class of 1934 in Mark Twain High School in Stotesbury and married his high school sweetheart, Erma Ora James.  Recommendation: Don’t miss a tour of the Beckley Exhibition Coal Mine.  http://www.beckley.org/exhibition_coal_mine/
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 52 – Marshall County  Fact: Home to the country music superstar Brad Paisley  Recommendation: Visit the Grave Creek Indian Mound, known as the largest of the Adena Burial mounds.   http://www.wvculture.org/museum/GraveCreekmod.html
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 53 – Barbour County  Fact: Home to the first land battle of the Civil War  Recommendation: Make sure to visit the only two-lane covered bridge in the federal highway system, the Philippi Covered Bridge, located on the beautiful Tygart River.
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 54 – Webster County  Fact: Webster County was named for the New England statesman and orator, Daniel Webster.  Recommendation: The Webster County Wood Chopping Festival is a must!
Countdown to WV’s 150th Birthday: Day 55 – Marion County  Marion County is such a beautiful county, and it is special to me because it is where I was raised and where Gayle and I raised our children.   Fact: Marion County is home to 1984 Olympic Gold Medal winner in gymnastics, Mary Lou Retton.   Recommendation: When traveling, don't forget to eat! Marion County is home to the pepperoni roll, so make sure to stop for one.
West Virginians, I encourage all of you to participate in National Drug Take Back Day tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. This is an opportunity for all of us to come together and work toward fighting against drug abuse.   The U.S. DEA will set up locations around the state to safely dispose of unwanted, unused prescription drugs.   Click here for a full list of locations in West Virginia:   http://1.usa.gov/YZOsdk
ICYMI: This morning, Senator Manchin talked with Fox and Friends about the sequester and last night's Senate vote to stop air-controller furloughs and prevent travel delays. Watch here:  http://bit.ly/12MQOAJ
Video announcement: Join me in counting down the days until West Virginia's 150th birthday celebration.  http://bit.ly/Y7yrqH
Senator Rockefeller and I have reintroduced the EPA Fair Play Act.  For too long the EPA has overreached with its power at the cost of countless American jobs and critical investments. Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/17ZSwRu
Please click on the video link to view a portion of Senator Manchin’s Senate Armed Services Committee hearing:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmM6BZek91A
In today's Armed Services Committee hearing I secured a commitment from the Navy to work together to find a new mission for Sugar Grove.   http://1.usa.gov/ZRj2Fg
I look forward to working alongside fellow West Virginian Sylvia Mathews Burwell as we work on commonsense solutions to control our spending and once again become a fiscally responsible nation.   Yesterday, before Sylvia was confirmed, I spoke on the Senate floor urging her confirmation. Watch here:   http://bit.ly/ZvGwoY
Every miner should wake up in the morning and expect to come home safely to their loved ones at night.  That is why we need to continue to improve mine safety so that our miners’ lives are never in jeopardy.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/17TNO4V
Every day we don't act to pass the Marketplace Fairness Act is another day we risk another small business closing its doors in West Virginia and around the country.   Senator Manchin, as a proud cosponsor, delivered remarks yesterday in support of the bill.  Watch his remarks here:  http://1.usa.gov/15GXH9S
Today’s court decision is yet another example of bureaucracy at its worst: One agency grants a permit, another agency takes it away and business suffers in the end. The federal government should be an ally, not an adversary, in helping to strike a balance between protecting the environment and creating good American jobs.   I remain hopeful that the merits of this case will show that the EPA has overreached in withdrawing the Spruce No. 1 Mine permit.  To read more, click the link below.    http://1.usa.gov/17gGLoB
NA
NA
Today, on the 105th year celebration of the United States Army Reserve,  I gratefully salute the brave men and women who have helped preserve America’s freedom. Thank you for serving our great county with unparalleled honor and distinction.
Senator Manchin and Senator Pat Toomey met with former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly to discuss the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act.
Today a parent of one of the Newtown victims, whose picture hangs in our office, stopped in to our office to thank Senator Manchin.
Although I am disappointed in the outcome of yesterday's vote for a commonsense measure to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill while protecting our Second Amendment rights, this is not the end of the debate.  I thank Senator Pat Toomey, along with Senators Mark Kirk and Chuck Schumer, for their support on working toward a balanced approach to fix our culture of mass violence.   Moving forward, I am hopeful that my colleagues and I can work together as we remember all the families who have suffered from senseless acts of violence across America. If we muster just one ounce of the courage these families have shown, then we, as a legislative body, can truly make a difference.
Senator Manchin remains optimistic and he will continue to explain his bill to his colleagues and anyone with concerns until the minute they vote.  So far Senator Manchin has managed to garner support from an A-rated NRA member and three Republican Senators as well as 90 percent of his own party.   He will be speaking on the floor at 11:15am to explain facts of bill and dispel myths of his bill.   Watch it live here: http://www.senate.gov/floor/index.htm
Gayle and I join all West Virginians and Americans in praying for the victims of the horrific explosions in Boston. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Boston community, Massachusetts and our nation as we cope with the terrifying incidents at the Boston Marathon. Once again, in the midst of chaos in an American city, we saw heroism from our brave first responders and volunteers. We don’t know all the details yet, but it appears this was a senseless act of violence aimed at innocent people who come from all over the world, including dozens from West Virginia, for this special sporting event. We cannot allow cowardice to go unchallenged. We will not allow it to go unpunished.
Senator Manchin and Senator Toomey will speak on the Senate floor at 3:15 p.m. today to urge all Americans to read and understand their bipartisan, commonsense proposal to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill while protecting and expanding American’s Second Amendment rights.  Watch it here: http://www.senate.gov/floor/index.htm
Please take a minute to read through the section by section breakdown of the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act:  http://1.usa.gov/YXhhL0
Today, the 2nd largest gun rights groups behind the NRA, the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, has endorsed our bill.  Alan Gottlieb, Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms:  “If you read the Manchin-Toomey substitute amendment, you can see all the advances for our cause that it contains like interstate sales of handguns, veteran gun rights restoration, travel with firearms protection, civil and criminal immunity lawsuit protection, and most important of all, the guarantee that people, including federal officers, will go to federal prison for up to 15 years if they attempt to use any gun sales records to set up a gun registry.”  Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/04/joe-manchin-pat-toomey-gun-rights-group-endorses-90033.html#ixzz2QToWD22y http://politi.co/YnRxU9
Tune in this morning to the Sunday Morning shows where Senator Manchin will be talking about the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act that he introduced.   Senator Manchin will be talking to Candy Crowley on CNN during the 9:00 a.m. hour and he will be on CBS Face the Nation’s talking with Bob Schieffer at 10:30 a.m.  Senator Manchin will also be on MSNBC’s Weekend with Alex Witt at 12:30 p.m. and on Fox’s America’s Newsroom Headquarters at 1:30 p.m.  Please tune in or check out our website to get the facts on this bill and how it will help keep our children safe while protecting the Second Amendment rights of legal gun owners.    http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/
I encourage all West Virginians, gun owners, NRA members and all Americans interested in fixing our culture of mass violence to read the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act. This bill simply prevents criminals and the dangerously mentally ill from purchasing guns while protecting our Second Amendment rights. This bipartisan, commonsense compromise closes the existing background check system’s loopholes by including all advertised commercial sales. It also protects gun sellers’ and gun owners’ rights.  Senator Toomey and I are confident that if people take the time to read the details of this important legislation, there will be nationwide support. Please visit my website to read the entire bill. http://www.manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4d44140f-f455-42ad-8a65-0689cc255a9f
NA
Before the press conference today, Senator Manchin encouraged the Senate Budget Committee to confirm West Virginia native, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, as the next Office of Management and Budget Director. Video: http://bit.ly/ZnG729
It's our obligation to keep our children safe & protect our Second Amendment rights – Senator Manchin believes we can and must do both.   http://1.usa.gov/10TvV4a
ICYMI: Below is a link to Senator Manchin's opening remarks from today's press conference where The Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act was introduced.   http://1.usa.gov/10W0KGa
What our bill WILL NOT do:    The bill will not, in any way, shape, or form infringe upon anyone’s Second Amendment rights to keep and bear arms.   The bill will not take away anyone’s guns.   The bill will not ban any type of firearm.   The bill will not ban or restrict the use of any kind of bullet or any size clip or magazine.   The bill will not create a national registry; in fact, it explicitly prohibits it.  For more information on the Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act, please visit the website:   http://1.usa.gov/14bZ3tl
Today, Senator Manchin and Senator Pat Toomey introduced  "The Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act."  To check the facts on this amendment, please visit our website.   http://1.usa.gov/14bZ3tl
Today Senator Pat Toomey  and I will discuss background checks for firearms at a press conference. Tune in at 11 a.m.
Margaret Thatcher was such an important political figure of the 20th century, and her passing is an opportunity to reflect on how profoundly she changed the world. Her legacy as a great leader will live on not only in Great Britain, but across America and around the world.  http://1.usa.gov/146aO4m
Three years ago, during the hours and days after the unspeakable mining tragedy at Upper Big Branch, I grieved with the miners’ families and all West Virginians. Not a day goes by that I don't think about the courage, sacrifice and extraordinary strength of our miners and their families, but on this sad anniversary, my heart and prayers go out to our beloved 29 miners and their loved ones. We will never forget.
Today, Senator Manchin kicked off his week-long "Commonsense Solutions" tour in West Virginia.
Today, Senator Manchin kicked off his week-long "Commonsense Solutions" tour in West Virginia.
Senator Manchin kicked off his "Commonsense Solutions" tour this week by speaking at the United Mine Workers of America's rally in Charleston. In case you missed it, here is the video of his remarks.
Senator Manchin kicked off his "Commonsense Solutions" tour this week by speaking at the United Mine Workers of America's rally in Charleston. In case you missed it, here is the video of his remarks.  http://youtu.be/opVHhG83z4o
Here’s a look back at our first month of #Project365. I hope you enjoy seeing some of the work our office does on behalf of the people of West Virginia, a sneak peak at the Senator’s life, an introduction to some of our staff and the beauty of our great state.  Here is a link to March:  http://www.iphoneproject365.com/photos/Senator%20Manchin?date=201303
Today, Senator Manchin kicked off his week-long "Commonsense Solutions" tour in West Virginia.
If you are looking for a new dish to add to your Easter spread this weekend, try Mama Kay’s Easter Bread. This Manchin family favorite was originally prepared by Senator Manchin’s grandmother, “Mama Kay.”  http://bit.ly/10d90jP
Best of luck today to the West Liberty University Hilltoppers against Winona State in the NCAA Division II Elite Eight. Lets Go Toppers!
NA
An article from today's WV MetroNews - West Virginia is so proud of you, Kayla Slone. Never give up on your dreams.    http://bit.ly/11HcjVf
Senator Manchin was honored by VH1 Save the Music Foundation, National Association of Music Merchants (NAMM) and National Association for Music Education (NAFME) for his leadership of the statewide rebuild of West Virginia music education.  The award-winning jazz ensemble from Shepherdstown Middle School performed at the presentation ceremony.
NA
Senator Manchin talked with the student musicians from the award-winning Shepherdstown Middle School jazz ensemble about the importance of music education.
Senator Manchin talking with the musicians from Shepherdstown Middle School jazz band. Today, they are celebrating music education in West Virginia.
For those communities and families in West Virginia and across America who have been devastated by the epidemic of prescription drug abuse, I am so proud to intruduce today the "Safe Prescribing Act of 2013."     http://1.usa.gov/ZvNpUl
Tomorrow marks the first day of spring and Senator Manchin and his wife Gayle would like to share one of the the Manchin family’s best spring recipes, Grandma Jacobin’s potato salad.  Follow the link to our Tumblr page for this simple recipe that is sure to be a favorite at your first spring picnic or barbecue.  http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/post/45762607724/grandma-jacobins-potato-salad
NA
Senator Manchin questions Sally Jewell, nominee for Secretary of the Interior, at the Energy and Natural Resources Committee.
Senator Manchin condemns the political hacks at the West Virginia Republican Party for lying about his vote.  http://manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=07bc587a-affb-47e2-9ff3-9175019070c5
Great article in the Times West Virginian today about Senator Manchin's recent visit to North Marion High School.
Congratulations and best of luck to all those who will be playing in the 100th state boy's high school basketball tournament.
I applaud Secretary Hagel's decision to review the Distinguished Warfare Medal's precedence.  http://1.usa.gov/14TGzII
I have listened to West Virginians and I agree with them - our brave service members who face life and death situations deserve the most distinguised medals of the United States military awards.   Here is my floor speech on why I oppose the Department of Defense's recent decision to elevate the Distinguised Warfare Medal above combat medals such as the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart.  http://bit.ly/XE5H6K
Karzai's despicable comments confirm it's time to bring our troops home and rebuild America, not Afghanistan http://1.usa.gov/13SfGct
Happy International Women's Day. Today, let's celebrate and love the women in our lives and show them our appreciation and respect.
Great story by McClatchy DC's William Douglas.
Senator Manchin delivers a speech to the Association of Corporate Growth about the sequester and the importance of bipartisanship.
In case you missed it, here is the video of my discussion with Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room last night. http://bit.ly/13HqQ3c
Tune in tonight-- Senator Manchin will be joining CNN's Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room around 5:30 p.m. and he will also be talking with Larry Kudlow and Senator Mike Lee on CNBC around 7:00 p.m.
To West Virginians being impacted by today's snowstorm, please visit our website for updated information on who to contact for immediate assistance. http://1.usa.gov/13GJuIQ
Senator Manchin meets with members of AIPAC.
Senator Manchin helped out at the National Guard's event in Charleston on Saturday. He was so pleased to meet with the West Virginia military families who stopped by.
Today Senator Manchin launched his new social media platforms that will help him connect with everyone back home in West Virginia as much as possible.  Visit our Tumblr blog at http://joemanchin.tumblr.com/   Follow our Project 365 challenge by visiting our Twitter page @Sen_JoeManchin   Find us on Yelp: http://wvmanchin.yelp.com/
NA
Senator Manchin had a wonderful time reading to the children of Mary C. Snow West Side Elementary in Charleston this morning.
NA
Senator Joe Manchin on the Re-Launch of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus http://youtu.be/aRu6-tzHkfA
If you want to help a vet, hire a vet.
It is so important to keep our committment to the men and women who have served us so bravely. That is why yesterday, we relaunched the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus in the 113th Congress and honored "Veterans Jobs Day on the Hill." Our motto stands, "If you want to help a vet, hire a vet."
Read this great story from the Martinsburg Journal on our "Wednesday Wake Up with Joe" event we had yesterday. Thank you to everyone from the Eastern Panhandle who joined us.   http://manchin.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/in-the-news?ID=c39e887c-fd9e-4e93-9d36-840273c28260
Joe Manchin Talks Honest About Guns  http://youtu.be/xS2lLlH7EHY
This Wednesday, Senator Manchin will air live with WEPM's Hans Fogle from 8-10 A.M. If you are from the Eastern Panhandle and you have a question for Senator Manchin, send your question in a message or tweet him @Sen_JoeManchin with the hashtag #AskWVJoe. He will answer the top social media questions on the show. Don't forget to tune in.
Great story about Major Ojeda's experience in Washington at the State of the Union. Senator Manchin truly enjoyed having him as his guest. http://1.usa.gov/W8622T
NA
Happy Valentine's Day to the love of my life, Gayle. I will love you forever.
Few Americans have helped this great country reach for the stars more than General Chuck Yeager. Long before there were astronauts, there was Chuck Yeager, a fearless test pilot, a true aviation pioneer paving the way for America’s exploration of the galaxy.   Chuck is a man of extraordinary skill and legendary courage. He has an unparalleled sense of duty and service to his country, risking his life over and over again. He is a great West Virginian.  He is a great American.  And on his 90th birthday, he still is, without a doubt, a man with the Right Stuff.  Watch my Senate floor speech. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA7o_K9rUy0&feature=youtu.be
Chuck Yeager Day 2013
Happy 90th birthday to my dear friend General Chuck Yeager, a great West Virginian, a true American hero and a pioneer who's never stopped achieving excellence. Few Americans have been as unwavering and as relentless as Chuck Yeager and today I salute him for his long and courageous service to this great country.
I am honored to have Major Richard Ojeda, a WV veteran and community leader from Logan, join me tonight at the State of the Union address. He served this nation in uniform in both Iraq and Afghanistan and he continues to serve through his hard work and dedication to his community.  He is truly an inspiration to us all.
Thanks again to everyone from MSNBC’s Morning Joe for having me on today to preview tonight’s State of the Union. Watch it here: http://nbcnews.to/WGC9Fb
Thank you everyone at MSNBC for having me on Morning Joe today to preview tonight's State of the Union.
Had a great discussion with Neil Cavuto today on getting our fiscal house in order.  Watch it here: http://fxn.ws/11Cb7CI
Senator Manchin will be talking with Fox News's Neil Cavuto on Your World around 4 p.m to discuss bipartisanship. Please tune in.
Senator Manchin will be talking with Tamron Hall on MSNBC ‘s News Nation today. Be sure to tune in at 2 p.m. ET.
Senator Joe Manchin enjoyed coffee and talked with West Virginians at "Wednesday Wake-Up with Joe."
Senator Joe Manchin joined several of his colleagues in support of the "No Budget, No Pay" bill.
NA
It is a huge step forward that the FDA advisory committee voted to reschedule drugs containing hydrocodone from Schedule III to Schedule II. Now, it's in the hands of the FDA to implement the committee's recommendations. Read more about it in the New York Times. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/26/health/fda-vote-on-restricting-hydrocodone-products-vicodin.html?hpw&_r=0
Every Presidential Inauguration is a special occasion for us to celebrate the American spirit and a renewal of our commitment to the continuing pursuit of ‘a more perfect’ union. It is fitting that President Obama will swear his oath of office on two Bibles, one that belonged to Dr. King, the other to President Lincoln, two great and martyred champions of liberty and justice for all. It is equally fitting that the celebration of this Inauguration include a National Day of Service because the Scriptures that inspired both Dr. King and President Lincoln are filled with exhortations for all of us to love our neighbors as ourselves. That is something we in West Virginia know a lot about because the people of our great state are like a big family. Caring for each other is part of our heritage, and service to our communities, our state and our country.
All West Virginians who are attending the inauguration ceremonies on Monday, please join Gayle and me for coffee in my D.C. office between 7 - 9 a.m. Please stop by!
I have always supported a comprehensive approach to address the horrible mass violence that has plagued our nation. In meetings with West Virginians, I have listened carefully to their ideas and consistently explained my position that we cannot take a guns-only approach. This is why I have called for a balanced Commission on Mass Violence that can build the consensus we need for real action backed not only by gun control advocates, mental health experts and entertainment industry executives but also by law-abiding gun owners who fully understand the history and heritage of firearms in America. Anyone who claims that I have said anything else or endorsed anything addressing only guns is misinformed. My door remains open.
Gayle and I join all West Virginians in thanking Senator Rockefeller for representing our state for more than 40 years – whether it was as a state legislator, Secretary of State, our Governor or as a member of the United States Senate. We wish him, his wife Sharon and their family only the best in their future endeavors, and I know that Jay will continue to make a difference in the lives of others.
Senator Manchin Celebrates Swearing-In of the 113th Congress
I invite all West Virginians to join Gayle and me tomorrow to celebrate the swearing-in of the 113th Congress at an open house reception in my Washington, D.C. office from noon - 3 p.m. Please visit my web site, manchin.senate.gov, for more details.
