444 New Jerseyans is 444 too many. I stand for gun safety & with those lost to gun violence by wearing this pin.
Sharing a great FDR quote for #GivingTuesday
Happy Thanksgiving!
On Air Force One supporting President Obama's #immigrationaction, which is a big first step in fixing our broken immigration system.
A very special #TBT: A few meaningful moments meeting with & working alongside pro-immigration reform men & women in the past decade+. Thank you for your support!  Tonight, as President Obama takes executive action on immigration, I think about how this impacts millions around our country who want nothing more than to keep their families together & contribute to this nation.  No matter what side of the aisle you’re on, we can all agree our immigration system is terribly broken. This historic announcement gives us the opportunity to move the ball forward & begin to fix it.
It was a pleasure to meet with vets from all over New Jersey this year.   God bless you & God bless New Jersey.
Today we again pray for our veterans & thank them for their service.
On the second anniversary of Superstorm Sandy, I spent the day showing HUD Secretary Castro the real work that’s left to be done here in New Jersey.  I also met with families still struggling to recover & rebuild so I can continue finding ways to help you from the U.S. Senate.  It’s hard to believe the storm hit our shores two years ago. Feel free to comment with how you feel on this anniversary of the storm.
Please join me in Union City this Sunday for my Hispanic Heritage Month celebration! http://on.fb.me/1rrGzPr
NA
Tomorrow is the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act. #1is2many
Thirteen years ago, we looked across the Hudson & saw our lives change forever.  Today, once again, we first & foremost remember the 2,974 people who died. We remember their families, & the courage & service of the first responders.    Let us always remember the lives lost on that fateful day. May God bless them & may God bless America.
It’s time to stand up & restore transparency in our elections!  A few years ago, the Supreme Court opened the floodgates for unlimited campaign cash from corporations with the disastrous Citizens United decision. We must correct this injustice.  On Monday, we’ll vote in the Senate on the Democracy for All amendment to overturn Citizens United & allow governments to distinguish between people & corporations. I’ll certainly be proud to vote for it.
I think homeowners – especially those still recovering from Superstorm Sandy – need to receive flood insurance payments they deserve.   After hearing problems from many of you, today I chaired a hearing on the flood insurance claims process.   I’m frustrated by the troubles, but glad we now have a commitment from FEMA Administrator Fugate that he will address these concerns.  http://1.usa.gov/UBQq7T
The House of Representatives just passed a bill with a misleading name – the “Transparent Airfares Act” – and contrary to the title, it’s a bad deal for consumers.   This bill reverses a federal rule which says airlines have to advertise the full price consumers will pay upfront – including taxes and user fees – and not hide them until we get to the checkout line.  If you disagree with this House move, check out info on my “Real Transparency in Airfares Act” – which would strengthen, rather than weaken, consumer protections – and become a citizen co-sponsor. http://www.menendez.senate.gov/airfares-act
I voted for the Senate Hobby Lobby fix that would restore women’s health care freedom.   Sadly, Republicans think bosses can make personal choices for you.
I’m calling on the Obama Administration to protect the Jersey Shore from offshore drilling with Senator Booker & Congressman Pallone.  Check out our recent letter & spread the word that New Jersey should not be threatened with the kind of environmental catastrophe we saw in the Gulf of Mexico.  http://1.usa.gov/1m8OJcs
On this 1st annual #ImmigrantHeritageMonth, check out the video below with my family’s story.   I hope this month allows us to think of – & thank – the immigrants who came before us & followed their hearts, worked hard, & contributed to America’s exceptionalism by living the American Dream.   I also think this new celebration of our immigrant past should help lead us to a brighter, more prosperous future with no second-class citizens.
SIX MILLION fewer children worldwide will die before their 5th birthdays this year than did 25 years ago, thanks in large part to U.S. foreign aid.   I’m supporting the #5thBday campaign to help stop the deaths of millions of children from preventable disease.  http://bit.ly/1jLBUjW
Congratulations to all New Jersey students accepted into military academies this year!   It was a pleasure to meet with 10 of the bright students who are making our state & nation proud!
I just announced legislation in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that would make it U.S. policy to help 50 million people receive access to electricity for the 1st time in sub-Saharan Africa.  This would be a great way to help create American export jobs & stimulate economic growth in Africa.
On Father’s Day, I must write a personal post to say how grateful I am to have such wonderful children.   Rob Jr. & Alicia: I’m so proud of the man & woman you’ve become. I love you
Happy father’s day to all of the hard-working dads!
Christopher Bryski was studying at Rutgers when he suffered a severe traumatic brain injury in 2004 & later passed away. During this devastating time, Christopher’s parents were shocked to find out his student loan debt continued – neither the injury nor Christopher’s death was enough to stop the debt from growing.  Today I introduced “Christopher’s Law,” a simple and common-sense bill that requires student loan providers to clearly communicate to borrowers & co-signers what their obligations will be in the instance of death or disability.  By increasing transparency in this simple & small way, we can help save families like Christopher’s years of potential financial hardship down the road. http://1.usa.gov/1n3UExc
Today I introduced the Autism Collaboration, Accountability, Research, Education & Support Act (Autism CARES) to ensure federal autism programs created under the Combating Autism Act continue for five years & addressed the needs of youth & adults.  Click here to read more about this: http://1.usa.gov/1s1bUtT  And tell your lawmakers you support Autism programs!
A year ago today, New Jersey & our nation lost a dedicated public servant.   Frank Lautenberg was our tenacious Senator & our image of what it means to live, learn, earn, and then give something back will forever be reflected in his name.  I miss you Frank; thank you for your faithful service.
TODAY: Polls are open in New Jersey for the primary elections.  As always, I encourage you to take some time to vote & play a role in our democracy.
I applaud today’s proposed standards to cut our country’s carbon emissions from the nation’s power plants by up to 30% by 2030. It’s a bold, much-needed step in the right direction.  This action moves us away from unnecessary partisan bickering & nonsensical climate denying – & puts us on a path forward that will improve our environment, public health & our energy future.  SHARE or LIKE the image below if you agree.
From the Revolutionary War to Iraq & Afghanistan, New Jerseyans have given their best – and in some cases gave their all – out of a sense of duty, honor & patriotism to our state & nation.   On Memorial Day & every day, we salute them.   (Note: The photo below was taken at the American Cemetery in Flanders Field, Belgium, where I paid my respects to fallen soldiers earlier this year.)
So glad New Jersey’s surviving “Monuments Man” Harry Ettlinger is receiving a Congressional Gold Medal!   He’s a hero, a German Jew whose family fled to the U.S. to escape the Nazis & one of the last living Monuments Men – who saved the world’s cultural artifacts from being destroyed & lost forever during WW2.  Thank you for your service, Harry; I’m proud to call you a friend!
In honor of National Military Appreciation Month, I want to thank U.S. Marine Sgt. Aaron Alonso from Morris County, NJ.  He was critically injured while deployed in Afghanistan this February & I’ve been praying for his full & speedy recovery.  Do you have a hero you want to thank this month?
It’s National Police Week & I want to extend my heartfelt thanks to the men & women who keep our communities safe.   Our dedicated law enforcement officers deserve our gratitude & support. I vow to continue to fight to protect those who protect us all!
I’ve always said small businesses are the backbone of our economy – both in New Jersey & across the country.   It’s National Small Business Week right now, but we should always make a point of celebrating the hard work of our local entrepreneurs.
Quick personal note: On Mother’s Day, I think about my mom & miss her more than ever. She’s my hero & it’s in her honor that I try to make a difference in people’s lives every day. Thank you, mom.
Happy Mother’s Day to all the wonderful moms in New Jersey & across the country!
I think we need more consumer protections for air travelers – not less! That’s why I introduced the “Real Transparency in Airfares Act.”  While others in Congress are trying to make pricing more deceptive, I want customers to see full airfare costs upfront & think industry violators deserve a hefty penalty.  Click here to learn more & become a citizen co-sponsor of my bill: http://menendez.senate.gov/airfares-act
I just signed a memorial & condolence book in honor of the victims and families of the ferry that sank last month. Such a tragedy  My heart goes out to the families & all the people in South Korea who are in mourning & my prayers are with them.
Thanks to my teacher Gail Harper at Union Hill High School, I was able to overcome my fear of public speaking.   Save the blank photo below & put in the name of a teacher who helped change your life!
Has a great visit at Joint Base MDL today.   Whenever I visit I’m reminded of the deep & abiding patriotism that is palpable at the base.  New Jersey is proud of the base & proud of all who serve & have served there in the past.
Happy Earth Day everyone!
Have a happy easter with your friends & family!
I’m forever proud & grateful to have been part of the cohort that hammered out a strong bipartisan immigration reform effort in the Senate last year.  Despite being so close to permanently fixing our broken system once & for all, the path forward continues to be inexcusably stalled in the House of Representatives.   It is my sincere hope that House Republicans move away from extremes so that commonsense immigration reform can be finally pushed over the finish line.
On the one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon explosions, I’m sharing this image from last year: “NEW JERSEY SUPPORTS BOSTON.”  As we remember the awful day, let’s always remember that in times of tragedy & happiness, we are the UNITED States & must always support one another.
Women deserve to make the same amount of money as men & yet working women in NJ make 79 cents for every dollar earned by their male counterpart.    I support the Paycheck Fairness Act because when women’s paychecks are shortchanged, so are New Jersey families & our economy.  I’m also glad to see President Obama taking action to help close the gender wage gap.
Today’s World Autism Day – please join me in spreading the word!   1 out of 45 children in New Jersey are diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder – that’s the highest prevalence rate in the country – so it’s extremely important we stress the need for more awareness & research.
Thanks to everyone who attended the 2014 Evangelina Menendez Trailblazer Award ceremony yesterday!  A special thanks goes to Ambassador Power, Meryl Frank & the six inspiring honorees for their wonderful remarks.   The honorees are committed to New Jersey’s children, workers & families. Each woman is truly a trailblazer who has lived up to my mother’s example.
I just spoke about new Autism data at a press conference. The numbers are alarming: 1 in 68 children are now living with Autism, 1 in 45 in New Jersey.  This should be a call to action!   We must redouble our efforts & secure the funding needed to ensure individuals with Autism live up to their potential.
NA
Check out a climate change video exchange from a hearing I chaired yesterday.   I asked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's witness if climate change is real & caused by humans… but she didn't seem to want to directly answer.   BTW – I think the simple answer is: YES.
VERY happy to announce our flood insurance bill is headed to the President’s desk.  I must thank the American people, especially my fellow New Jerseyans, who wrote or called my office urging us to address this issue.  We would never be where we are today without your advocacy & determination!
Another clip from yesterday’s Sandy recovery hearing.  In this video, HUD Secretary Donovan explains how to expedite rebuilding.
ICYMI - Yesterday I held a hearing about Superstorm Sandy and how we can improve recovery efforts.  Below is a clip of me questioning HUD Secretary Donovan about fired Sandy contractor HGI.
Was wonderful to host a Senate Foreign Relations Committee meeting with His Holiness the Dalai Lama yesterday.   He’s an inspiration to me and so many others around the world.
Big step forward: The House passed a version of my flood insurance affordability bill bringing us one step closer to giving relief to thousands of New Jersey homeowners facing skyrocketing premiums.  I’m encouraged by this progress & hope we can bring the bill over the finish line very, very soon.
Glad the Senate Foreign Relations Committee (that I chair) is now on Twitter: @US_SFRC.  We’ll be providing updates about hearings and meetings. For example, today we’re tweeting about Ben Affleck testifying during a hearing on the Congo at 2:15.   Check out the new handle: https://twitter.com/US_SFRC
Many of you guessed correctly!  Our 22nd and 28th Presidents lived in the Garden State.  Have a nice Presidents Day!
Do you know who the two Presidents (shown below) are?   Both of them resided in Princeton at one point.   I’ll post the answer in a half hour!
A brief personal note:   I had the privilege of meeting Army Staff Sergeant Stanley Viechec of Toms River on Friday. I spent time with his family & was able to directly thank him for serving our nation in WWII.   He has since passed, but his legacy lives on. We wouldn’t be enjoying the blessings of the liberty we enjoy today, if not for men & women like him.   Thank you, Stanley, & thank you to all of our unsung American heroes.
NA
Many of you have asked me to stay committed to renewing long-term unemployment insurance & I continue to vote to help you.    I know this is a critical lifeline for so many families in New Jersey & across the nation to make ends meet while looking for work. I just hope Republicans realize that & come around soon.
I’m pretty excited about my first Buzzfeed Community post: http://bzfd.it/1cCRcHW   It’s about keeping American oil in America & includes photos comparing the 1970s to today.   BONUS: If you check out the post, you get to see a photo of me from the 70s.
YOU let us know about your problems with flood insurance & are the ones responsible for our Senate victory today.   By passing this flood insurance bill, we can take a huge step forward to help the people who played by the rules their whole lives & are now facing skyrocketing rates they never could have prepared or planned for.  Now – let’s tell the House it’s up to them to finish the job.
Today, my  Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act comes to the Senate Floor.
 
 For families still recovering from Sandy, this bipartisan piece of legislation is so important. It will stop the most onerous & damaging rate increases from occurring, while minimizing the impact to the National Flood Insurance Program’s solvency & integrity.
 
 If you’re on Twitter, join me in calling on Congress to #FixFlood Insurance.
A new report by New Jersey Policy Perspectives reaffirms what I’ve known for a long time: There are substantial benefits of immigration reform for the Garden State. 
 
 Check out some of the findings in the graphic below & read more about the report here: http://1.usa.gov/1eVO4EU
On Martin Luther King Jr. Day, the words of his famous “I have a dream” speech continue to influence so many people, including me.   And this year, let’s follow his messages of hope & tolerance more than ever before.
Here are some key takeaways from my Senate Floor speech a little while ago…  1. We must not tell those who need our help that there’s nothing we can do in the Senate. We can pass a bill now & renew unemployment insurance.  2. I strongly support repealing military pension cuts.  3. I strongly oppose the GOP Child Tax Credit amendment that would unfairly punish 5.5 million children.  Please feel free to check out my full speech below.
On this anniversary of President Johnson’s War on Poverty speech, I think about how much progress we’ve made helping Americans in need. 
 
 But, at a time when crucial anti-poverty programs like SNAP are getting severely cut & threatened, we must vow to stay committed to ending poverty and continue to provide opportunities to all Americans.
Beginning New Year’s Day, those who rely on mass transit to get to work will lose an important tax benefit thanks to Senate Republicans who blocked an extension.
 
 New Jersey commuters don’t deserve to get their transit benefits slashed & I vow to keep fighting until they’re restored.
 
 Check out my full release on this here: http://1.usa.gov/1cuTsAh
The holiday season is a time for all of us to reflect on the past year & think about our hopes for 2014.  To all of my Facebook friends: Happy holidays & best wishes for a happy, healthy & prosperous New Year.  If you have a chance, check out my annual holiday message to New Jerseyans.
Very nice shout-out! I'll continue to support Alzheimer's research however I can.
Today, on the anniversary of the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary, I vow to continue to fight for gun safety measures.  I also join all Americans in remembering the victims of gun violence this year & keeping them in our thoughts & prayers.
I’m using instagram to share more photos and videos. 
 
 If you get a chance, check out my page: http://instagram.com/senatormenendez
We heard heartbreaking stories at the Fast for Families tent today.
 
 But it makes us all hungrier for reform, as my friend (and reform leader) Eliseo Medina eloquently said.
 
 Millions of Americans know the House of Representatives should follow the Senate’s lead in passing an immigration reform bill now.
Senator Booker & I are joining the Fast for Families movement today in solidarity with those who have sacrificed so much to shed light on the need for family unity & immigration reform.
 
 With this small act, we fast to remind Speaker Boehner that he can change the future for millions with just one vote.
Such sad news to learn of the passing of Nelson Mandela. 
 
 I remember meeting with President Mandela in South Africa years ago and the experience left me humbled by his humility and inspired by his fortitude – it was a moment that I never will forget. 
 
 You can read my full statement on the life & legacy of President Mandela here: http://1.usa.gov/1bjMVad
Today was a very humbling day for me. PS-3 in West New York, NJ was renamed Robert Menendez Elementary School. I am honored to receive this tribute.
 
 I must also take this chance to give a special shout-out to the 6th graders I had the pleasure to chat with. They represent the future for New Jersey and our country.
Today Fast for Families is holding a National Day to Act, Fast, and Pray. 
 
 This peaceful and meaningful movement inspires me to continue pushing for immigration reform every single day.
I was at school in Union City, NJ when JFK was shot. The world stopped. It was the end of an era. 
 
 Comment below to reflect on this sad 50th anniversary.
I am overwhelmed by the outpouring of support from veterans and people with disabilities as the Senate Foreign Relations Committee discusses the Disability Treaty. 
 
 In today’s hearing, we again talked about why it is imperative the U.S. leads by example and helps the 1 billion people with disabilities worldwide.
 
 SHARE the photo below if you’re in favor of ratifying the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
The Washington Post Editorial Board is right: Speaker Boehner must act on immigration reform.  http://wapo.st/1fhMgKt   And, if a comprehensive solution isn’t what he wants to work on, I’ll be willing to take a step-by-step approach with the House so we can begin negotiations. We need to stop delaying and start fixing this broken system once and for all!
Today the Senate is debating the Military Justice Improvement Act, which I co-sponsored. It would create an unbiased independent military justice system to give sexual assault victims in the military a fair chance to receive the justice they deserve.
 
 Just take a look at the stats below. Unfortunately, they tell a sad story – we need a justice system that stands by our servicemen and women who are victimized. It’s time for Congress to fix it.
Great day in NJ! The State Senate today voted for tuition equality. 
                  
 For a long time I’ve advocated for thousands of NJ students who cannot afford to attend college without tuition assistance and deserve to achieve their full potential.
 
 Check out my full statement: http://1.usa.gov/1f9ahmR
In case you missed it, House Speaker Boehner yesterday said he’s not going to work with the Senate on comprehensive immigration reform. Even though we sent him a broad, bipartisan proposal six months ago that would pass the House if brought up for a vote today.
 
 That’s insulting to the majority of Americans who want to see our broken immigration system fixed once and for all! 
 
 You can check out my full comments on this here: http://1.usa.gov/17TXH9a
My health staffer Michael dubbed today “Autism Day” here in my office because we’re spending time with autism groups and focusing on action steps we can take to help thousands of Americans. 
 
 Part of that effort is a congressional screening of the terrific documentary film Best Kept Secret. 
 
 If you’re in DC and haven’t seen it yet, check out the info & come to the screening @ 5pm: http://1.usa.gov/1cR8ySX
By ratifying the Disability Treaty, we could help American veterans working, studying & traveling abroad.
  
 This Veterans Day, learn more & take action: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/crpd
On Veterans Day and every day, let’s thank our men and women who serve.
  
 SHARE the photo below to salute our great American heroes.
Very glad the Senate voted to end LGBT discrimination in the workplace but we are only halfway there.    
 
 This bill deserves to be voted on in BOTH houses of Congress. Tell your House Reps you think everyone should be equal under the law.
Tune in to our hearing about the Disability Treaty in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at 2:30 today. 
 
 Live stream: http://www.foreign.senate.gov/ 
 
 This treaty helps the 5.5 million American veterans with disabilities working, studying or traveling abroad, and the 1 billion people with disabilities around the world. It’s time the U.S. ratified it!
Finally, the U.S. Senate stood up to end LGBT discrimination in the workplace.   Now, it’s time for the House to do the same.   Read my full statement here: bit.ly/1ffAbTl
Exciting day! So great to welcome Cory Booker to the Senate.   Check out the video below; there was so much energy from New Jerseyans!   I’m looking forward to working with Senator Booker here in DC.
I’ve been fighting for disclosure of anonymous big $ behind corporate political election ads for a long time because it’s the right thing to do for our democracy.
 
 The SEC has the power to make it happen. They can protect investors, strengthen transparency, and help clean up campaign finance.
 
 Tell the SEC you want to know who’s funding campaigns: http://bit.ly/1htV5js
It’s so hard to believe it’s been a year since Superstorm Sandy hit our shores. My New Media Director Ally, who happens to be a former TV reporter, spent the day in Hoboken and created this wonderful video which I think captures well the trials and tribulations we’ve experienced over the year.  Let’s keep working together New Jersey.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewwOD7DdRQQ
A year ago, we looked out our windows in New Jersey and saw a storm entering our lives that would impact our state forever. 
 
 The storm was extraordinary, but it should make us all proud that we came together as a community to help each other.
 
 As we reflect on this one-year anniversary, take a look at some of the before/after photos that show how far we’ve come: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/sandy1year
Congratulations to all of the loving couples getting married today in the Garden State. 
 
 I’m thrilled we’re entering a new chapter in our state’s history that includes marriage equality for all.
While I’m incredibly relieved we were able to bring the government shutdown to an end and avoid default on our nation’s debt, I’m also incredibly frustrated and disappointed another GOP-manufactured crisis put our nation so close to the brink.  
 
 The tactics of Tea Party Republicans inflicted extraordinary harm on our families and our economy for no good reason. None. And it cannot happen again.
 
 We must move beyond this crisis and get back to the work of rebuilding our economy and creating jobs.
Polls open in New Jersey tomorrow for the special election for our next U.S. Senator.
 
 Voting is the best way to get your voice heard. I encourage you to set aside time and play a role in our democracy.
I’m thrilled the New Jersey State Superior Court decided to legalize same-sex marriage today!
 
 This decision in the Garden State brings us closer to fulfilling our nation’s promise of equality. Check out my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/1fO6JoF
We must take common-sense steps to preserve and strengthen our environment’s resilience to the threat of climate change.
 
 Today, the EPA took action to strictly limit the amount of carbon pollution that power plants can pour into the atmosphere.
 
 We need more action like this to protect future generations.
 
 Check out my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/15cqaQB
As we continue to recover from Superstorm Sandy, we need to avoid another man-made disaster in the form of unaffordable flood insurance premiums for those who already lost so much.
 
 Today I asked the Administration’s top disaster recovery officials what we need to do to protect our families from rising flood insurance premiums.  We’ve got to come back stronger than before. 
 
 Read more about the hearings and check out videos here: http://1.usa.gov/15DyYm3
As we learn the names of the victims of yesterday's senseless tragedy, let's all offer our thoughts and prayers to their families and the Navy Yard community. 
 
 This is also an unfortunate reminder that Congress must resume a thoughtful debate about gun violence in this country.
We still struggle to fully understand how the events of 9/11 changed the way we live, the way we view the world, and the new threats we continue face, but most of all we remember the 3,000 people who died that day, including 700 New Jerseyans who lost their lives.
 
 Let us resolve never to forget them, and let us come together again as we did that day, one nation indivisible, each of us working for the betterment of all of us.
Check out this interview about the documentary "Best Kept Secret.” It follows New Jersey teacher Janet Mino as she prepares her autistic students to face the world that waits for them once they graduate.   I have introduced legislation to help with this problem. Info here: http://1.usa.gov/15I9pPZ   And make sure you see the film, which debuts in New York City tonight and Los Angeles tomorrow. Info here: http://bit.ly/13aqm4Q
NA
It's been 50 years since the March on Washington - let's recommit to achieving MLK's dream.
 
 Share the photo if you agree
As summer reading season nears an end, here’s a list of acclaimed authors from the Garden State: http://huff.to/17jgjZa
 
 I have to admit: I knew some of these writers were from NJ, but not all of them.
 
 Do you have a favorite NJ author?
Saw this picture of Atlantic City's beach in 1961; the enjoyment on the shore never gets old: http://on.natgeo.com/18JuQAD 
 
 Hope you're enjoying the Jersey shore this summer – today & tomorrow look like they’ll be nice days on the South Jersey shore.
New Jersey = best state to raise your kids! 
 
 Based on a study on child well-being, the Garden State took top honors: http://on.today.com/17Pyd87 
 
 Share the photo below if you raised children in NJ and would encourage other people to do the same.
SUMMER TRAVEL INFO: New Jersey is home to 2 of the top 10 best roller coasters in the world!
 
 Check out which rides made the cut: http://huff.to/14uPNtV
 
 I think this means it’s time thrill-seekers visit the Garden State!
Check out the amazing New Jersey photos in this post: http://bit.ly/1ceSN6I
 
 I think my two favorites are #30 of the Statue of Liberty and #19 of the boardwalk (below). 
 
 What’s your pick?
We’re finally seeing movement toward more corporate transparency!  The SEC says within a month or two they’ll move closer to requiring public companies to disclose just how much more their CEO’s are paid than rank-and-file workers. It’s about time we all know just how much big-time CEOs are making, while middle class incomes decline.  In the video below I’m asking SEC Chair White about the timeline. Glad we’re finally on our way with this simple requirement!
What a great Friday. Earlier today I was proud to join members of the Linden Fire Department to announce $2.4 million to keep firefighters on the job.
RECOMMENDED READ: Today, there’s new info out about how important our growing diversity is in America (hint: our diversity is a huge economic asset!)
 
 Check out the interesting stat below & find more like it in the Center of American Progress’ full report: http://bit.ly/14HjE8n 
 
 I talked about this earlier today: http://1.usa.gov/19itO1f
LIKE this photo if you think corporate America should stand up and say what they pay.   Good news report: The SEC will take a real step forward to require that public companies disclose just how much more their CEO’s are paid than rank-and-file workers.      I wrote this simple requirement that became part of Wall Street Reform 3 years ago because while middle class Americans have gone years without seeing a raise, there’s no doubt CEO pay is soaring. But corporations have fought against sharing this. Why? Maybe they don’t want shareholders to know just how much more the boss makes.
Thanks for taking my poll yesterday! 
 
 The most popular answer was all of the above.
 
 So, I’m weighing in on all four in the image below. 
 
 Like many of you, I want agreements made ASAP & will continue to work hard to help make that happen.
POLL: What do you want to see happen in Congress before the end of the month?
 
 (A)	 A Solution on student loan interest rates
 (B)	 Executive nomination confirmations
 (C)	 Action to end the sequester
 (D)	 Movement on immigration reform
 
 COMMENT below with your answer. I’ll weigh in on the most popular answer tomorrow!
I’m proud to introduce the AGE-IN Act today! It would address the challenges faced by young adults with autism as they "age out" of  public education and other support services. Read more about it here: http://bit.ly/15gs973
 
 I’m standing with Kerry Magro in the photo below. He’s a young adult with autism who’s an advocate for Autism Speaks. I thank him for speaking today in support of this bill that will help so many!
It’s one week since I stood on Liberty Island for the reopening of the Statue of Liberty after the devastation of Superstorm Sandy.  Check out the video below in case you missed the July 4th event.   And I encourage everyone to celebrate America’s freedoms and visit Lady Liberty this summer!
Earlier today I voted to keep student loan interest rates at 3.4%, but unfortunately too many Senators voted against low rates. 
 
 I don’t think going to college should be a privilege for only the wealthy. We need to help students and middle class families who are now carrying an additional $1,000 annual burden since interest rates doubled last week.
SHARE the image below if you, too, are thrilled the Senate Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee just approved the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), which bans LGBT workplace discrimination.
 
 When this comes to Senate Floor, I'll vote for equality.
Beer, bats and badges of honor – a great day in Southern NJ! 
 
 Congratulations to…
 (1) Retired Navy Reserve Chief Petty Officer Bob Campbell who received four overdue medals for his service to our country. 
 (2) Michelle Panchana, Jonathan Ramirez & Peter Rivera on being chosen for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute’s Ready to Lead program
 (3) Victus Sports for their exceptional new small business producing customized baseball bats.
 (4) Flying Fish Brewery, where they are creating New Jersey jobs and growing their business.
 
 Read more about these great NJ stories on my site: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press
Happy 4th of July everyone!   Superstorm Sandy couldn't bring us down! Today we reopen Liberty Island & Lady Liberty stands as proud as ever.   It's a great day for perseverance!
Passing comprehensive immigration reform in the Senate was a momentous occasion of bipartisan compromise and productivity, but for me, it was also an exciting and personally meaningful day.  Somehow, I agreed to have staff members follow me around with cameras yesterday. Check out the video to see what it was like behind the scenes.
I cast my vote today for comprehensive immigration reform for my mother who came to this country from Cuba to give me and my siblings a chance at a better life. She worked extremely hard and made it possible for me to become one of 100 U.S. Senators. I can think of no better way to honor her sacrifice than by helping lead the way in passing this historic, bipartisan compromise that will finally fix our broken immigration system.
DOMA is gone! This is a momentous & fantastic decision made by the Supreme Court.
 
 I support marriage equality, gay rights and removing discrimination from our laws.
SHARE the image below if you think we owe it to our children to do something about climate change. 
 
 I recently sent a letter to the President urging him to take executive action to curb carbon pollution and it's gratifying to see him do so. (http://1.usa.gov/12JlJRI)
I’ll be participating in a Google+ Hangout with America’s Voice tomorrow, June 25th at 12:30.
 
 Tune in on my website: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/immigration-chat
SHARE the image below if you care about corporate greed! 
 
 Recent actions by House Republicans would take us in the wrong direction: The pay-ratio provision I authored in 2010 should be ENFORCED, not repealed. (http://on.wsj.com/104U61w)
 
 My colleagues in the House want to let companies hide from their embarrassing wage disparities, but I think we need more transparency, not less. 
 
 And, if you want to know the truth now, since the SEC has yet to act, check out this  eye-opening list Bloomberg put together: http://go.bloomberg.com/multimedia/ceo-pay-ratio/
I’m saddened at the news of James Gandolfini’s untimely death. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and all who were close to him. He was a distinctive, talented actor whose unforgettable performances made him a television icon. 
 
 Through all of his success, James Gandolfini remained a proud New Jerseyan, a Westwood native and a Rutgers University graduate.
Good news! An independent report from the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) says immigration reform will strengthen our economy.  CBO’s numbers negate any reasonable argument the opponents of this legislation have. Check out my full Senate Floor speech about the economic impact of reform: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfHJk3Zspfw
I was very disappointed to read this headline today: “House takes up far-reaching anti-abortion bill” – AP http://bit.ly/16FS4GU 
 
 Decisions involving reproductive choice are extremely difficult and deeply personal. They are decisions that should not be made by the House Republicans.
As the Senate continues debate on comprehensive immigration reform, U.S. Senator Robert Menendez joined New Jersey DREAMers and members of 32BJ SEIU at Montclair State University in calling for passage of comprehensive immigration reform.
I don’t think we should be waiting until the next superstorm before thinking about how we can limit climate change. 
 
 That’s why I signed a letter with my East Coast colleagues Sens. Schumer, Gillibrand, Blumenthal & Murphy urging the President to take executive action to curb carbon pollution: http://1.usa.gov/13Iv2MQ
Thanks to everyone who participated in my digital town hall about immigration reform. You had some great questions!
 
 If you missed the event, check out this video: http://bit.ly/11g1k02  
 
 And, because of your interest, I will continue answering questions about immigration reform using the hashtag #AskMenendez on Twitter, so if you missed this opportunity, I will try to provide an answer to your question when I can.
 ----
 Gracias a todos los que participaron en mi foro digital sobre la reforma migratoria. Tuvieron algunos grandes preguntas!
 
 Si te perdiste el evento, acá está el vídeo: http://bit.ly/11g1k02  
 
 Y, debido a el alto interés, voy a seguir respondiendo algunas preguntas sobre la reforma migratoria con el hashtag #AskMenendez en Twitter, así que si no tuviste la oportunidad de ver este evento, voy a tratar de responder tu pregunta en cuanto pueda.
My immigration reform digital town hall is TOMORROW! 
 
 Share the image below with friends and make sure you tune in at 12pm at http://www.menendez.senate.gov/town-hall
I talked about the immigration reform debate on Jansing & Co on MSNBC earlier today.  Two takeaways: I’m optimistic about the bill moving forward and Senator Cruz may indeed have ‘Obamaphobia.’
This week, the full Senate begins debate on our immigration reform bill. We’re closer than ever before to passing a common-sense, bipartisan solution, but there’s still tough work ahead.     There’s no better way to illustrate why fixing our broken immigration system matters than by sharing the stories and experiences of real people. Here’s mine. If you want to share your story, click here and tell me why immigration reform matters to you or someone you know www.menendez.senate.gov/immigration-stories
Check out my Reuters op-ed about worker rights and protections: http://reut.rs/19LkO2Z 
 
 After the recent Rana Plaza building collapse, it is clear to me that if we don’t take collective action today, there will likely be another tragedy tomorrow.
Thanks for the kind words and support yesterday. As I mentioned, I was shaken by the news of Senator Lautenberg’s passing. 
 
 But the outpouring of well-wishes means a lot to me, and I’m sure his family appreciates your thoughts and prayers.
I am shaken by the loss of Frank Lautenberg – a colleague and my good friend and ally. He loved his job and the people of New Jersey.
 
 You can read my full statement in below. My thoughts and prayers are with Bonnie and his family.
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to Jordan and Israel.
Right now, I’m in the Middle East on a Senate Foreign Relations Committee trip. After interesting discussions at the World Economic Forum in Jordan, I’m in Israel now talking about security and tensions in the region. 
 
 Today, America and Israel face a region in turmoil and increasingly complex and pressing threats. Check out what I have to say about these threats in a recent op-ed: http://bit.ly/Zr8y5W
This Memorial Day, as we remember those who gave their lives, let’s also remember that meeting the needs of every veteran is the obligation of a grateful nation. Let’s keep our promise to those who served.
It’s finally here! The Jersey Shore’s first Summer after Superstorm Sandy. 
 
 We knew we’d make it. New Jerseyans stick together better than a bunch of salt water taffy left on the dashboard in the middle of July. 
 
 So let’s show everyone on Facebook and Twitter our spirit and all the Jersey Shore has to offer. Share your photos, videos and stories from Jersey Shore summers past and present. Show everyone in America this is where they want to be this summer!
 
 Let’s make it summer of sharing great memories – and making even better ones on the Jersey Shore!
As we enter one of the biggest weekends of the year in terms of fuel use, let’s think about having an oil conservation revolution.  
 
 While it is good news the U.S. is producing more oil, we shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that we need to use less. The opportunity is huge if we all conserve.  Let’s invest in efficiency, public transportation and alternative fuel vehicles, and each make a commitment to focus on conservation. Read my full op-ed here: http://bit.ly/12uQLr3
Superstorm Sandy left NJ battered but not broken, without power not powerless and I'm proud we now have a new Belmar Boardwalk. Check out photos from the re-opening event!
Last night my colleagues voted in favor of the Gang of 8’s immigration reform bill in the Senate Judiciary Committee. I am glad the legislation was not weakened in the successful mark-up process and will soon move to the Senate Floor. Check out my comments: http://1.usa.gov/10PtC4d 
 
 And because I am committed to pushing this bill forward, I plan to answer your questions in my upcoming digital town hall about immigration reform. Use the hashtag #AskMenendez or post a comment here on Facebook to ask your question. Then, on June 5, watch the live stream and follow the conversation on my website: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/town-hall
The recent IRS action is appalling, but so is the fact that Karl Rove boasted of using tax-exempt status to dump big money in last election.   We have two tax abuse issues that need to be examined here.
If you wear it, if you eat it, if you drive it, if you use it, it probably came through the Port of New York and New Jersey. That’s why I’m excited about the progress we’re making to raise the Bayonne Bridge. This will keep our economy competitive and give our port access to the largest ships. Great news for New Jersey!
The Jersey Shore is open!
 
 I was in Asbury Park today, which was hit hard by Superstorm Sandy. I am honored to have participated in the event today and that I was able do what I could to re-open the Asbury Park Boardwalk.
Great to see Rutgers’ new biorepository. It will advance life sciences and create jobs in New Jersey. Appreciated Drs. Barchi and Tischfield showing me around.
It’s time to stop playing politics with the tragedy in Benghazi and focus on the way forward. That’s why I introduced the Embassy Security and Personnel Protection Act of 2013 to prevent future attacks on U.S. diplomats.  Watch my remarks on the Senate Floor.  Our focus should be on doing all that we can to protect our personnel serving overseas and provide the necessary oversight and legislative authority to carry out the Accountability Review Boards’ recommendations.
Today I spoke at the Bretton Woods Conference about my priorities as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
 
 Click here to read the full text of my speech: http://1.usa.gov/10PP3DU
Very happy Long Beach Island is receiving $30.6 million in federal Sandy aid.
 
 Check out my statement about this: http://1.usa.gov/103b6FF
Check out my CNN op-ed about the recent elections in Pakistan: http://bit.ly/13eRECZ
Happy Mother’s Day everyone!
  
 Did you know that one in three working moms are the sole provider in their families? Check out an interesting memo about this and let's thank all the moms in the workforce today: http://1.usa.gov/175MKPo
Today is the 21st year of USPS carriers’ Stamp Out Hunger and yesterday I participated in one of their events in Hoboken (photo below).
  
 To help fight hunger in America: Leave non-perishable food items by your mailbox today for your USPS letter carrier to deliver to a local food bank or pantry.
Earlier today I spoke in Hoboken about Superstorm Sandy and a bill I recently introduced: the Safe Building Incentives Act. This bill would bring more hazard assistance money to New Jersey and apply retroactively for Sandy recovery efforts. 
 
 Check out my release about the bill here: http://1.usa.gov/17RJV2i
Let’s make sure thousands of New Jersey homeowners, many of whom found their homes damaged or destroyed in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, aren’t hit with premium shock and keep flood insurance rates from skyrocketing.    I spoke about this on the Senate Floor last night (see video below).
I was pleased to welcome Republic of Korea President Park Geun-hye to Congress this morning. Her visit came at an important moment, as we face continued challenges from North Korea. And, as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I stand firm in my commitment to the 60-year alliance between our countries.
 
 I made an official statement about her visit this morning, you can read it here: http://1.usa.gov/144dStT
I thank my high school teacher Gail Harper for helping me overcome my fear of public speaking. 
 
 Join me in thanking our teachers today and always.
I just introduced the Syria Stabilization Act. To learn more about it and read the full text of the bill, check out my press release: http://1.usa.gov/10jZGJZ
Very glad I had the opportunity to see the "Best Kept Secret" at the Montclair Film Festival today. The documentary is about autistic students at Newark’s JFK High School and it inspires me to continue to fight for those with autism. Congrats to all involved with the great film!
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to Honduras and Guatemala.
Let’s stop feeding the Big 5 oil companies’ greed! 
 
 Check out the inflated first quarter profits below and read my release about this: http://1.usa.gov/YpwXIp
Today is the last day to register for disaster assistance in New Jersey. You can register online at http://www.disasterassistance.gov until midnight, or by calling the FEMA helpline 800-621-3362 (TTY 800-462-7585) 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. EDT.
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to El Salvador while he visits countries in Latin America.
Senator Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, travels to El Salvador while he visits countries in Latin America.
Six months after Sandy, and I will never stop fighting for federal support for our full recovery. 
 
 You can read my official statement here: http://1.usa.gov/18g4kMR
Check out a clip from a release in the photo below and read the whole thing here: http://1.usa.gov/17kKEJc
NA
It is almost six months since Superstorm Sandy hit New Jersey and, here in Congress, we have not forgotten about you.
 
 Monday, Senator Lautenberg, Congressman Pallone and I announced that the Sandy Hook Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area will receive $1,994,889 in federal aid to repair roads damaged by Superstorm Sandy. We all know this is not enough, but it does help move New Jersey forward. Check out the full press release here: http://1.usa.gov/17N8V95
 
 As I look at the photo below taken near Sandy Hook on November 1, 2012, I hope we can continue making more and more positive announcements that will help struggling New Jerseyans.
My op-ed in The Philadelphia Inquirer discusses how proud I am to be part of the Gang of Eight and this immigration reform milestone.
 
 Check out the excerpt below and read the full post here: http://bit.ly/14JbrBa
My thoughts, and the thoughts of New Jerseyans, continue to be with Boston after this tragic week.
The bipartisan ‘Gang of 8,’ which I am a member, today outlined the elements of the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act of 2013 during a press conference attended by an unprecedented coalition of labor, business, religious and Latino leaders, DREAMers and national and community organizations who want common-sense immigration reform.  
 
 Learn more about the bill here: www.menendez.senate.gov/CIR
WATCH LIVE at 2:30: Join me and the Gang of 8 as we discuss bipartisan immigration reform! http://bit.ly/10243rX
I am disappointed in the failure of the Senate to pass common sense gun safety reforms – including expanded background checks. 
 
 You can read my statement in the photo below. I also spoke on the Senate floor about where I stand yesterday, and you can watch the full video here: http://1.usa.gov/12pzh1t
Earlier today I spoke on the Senate floor about gun safety. I will repeat here a portion of what I said: Too many times I have come to this floor to say, ‘I offer my thoughts and prayers to the parents of the victims of an assault weapon attack. How many more times will we have to offer our thoughts and prayers to victims of gun crimes?’  We need to take gun safety action.  The proposals we’ve seen are a good start, but we need to do more to protect Americans.
The common-sense immigration reform proposal that the Gang of 8 introduced early this morning represents a significant milestone in our nation’s efforts to fix our broken immigration system. It is the product of months of negotiations and is the most comprehensive immigration reform initiative in three decades. And it accomplishes something the American people have been asking for - true bipartisan compromise.    READ more here: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-bipartisan-gang-of-8-introduce-commonommon-sense-immigration-reform
Today is Rutgers Student Advocacy Day, and it comes at an interesting time of year. I am discussing immigration reform and gun violence with students. 
 
 As we announce Comprehensive Immigration Reform by the Gang of 8, we look toward boosting the economy, increasing our security, and fixing a broken system that has left too many in the shadows for too long. And, while we discuss this, we’re also talking about what Washington can do to curb gun violence in America; I hope legislation will include background checks and a ban on assault weapons. 
 
 Students represent the future and I am honored to speak with them about such important issues tonight!
My thoughts & prayers are with those at the Boston Marathon today.   If you are trying to locate friends & family, the hotline in Boston is 617-635-4500.
Today's vote to allow a debate on the senate floor about critically needed gun safety measures begins our long overdue promise to each and every family that has been touched by gun violence. After Newtown, we told America that we would finally have a conversation about how best to protect our children. And today we begin that conversation. Every single measure that could prevent another tragedy deserves our consideration and I look forward to making the case.
Heading to Chair a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on US policy toward Syria. You can watch a live stream of the hearing here: http://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/us-policy-toward-syria
I support the compromise plan to subject gun sales online and at gun shows to background checks. Is it enough? No. Is it progress? Yes. And most honest, law abiding citizens will see zero change. At a minimum, Congress must take action and join 91% of Americans, including Republicans, who embrace the idea of at least requiring a background check. We must bring common sense gun safety reforms like this one up for a vote. No obstruction. We owe it to the American people. We owe it to the children of Newtown. We owe it to every victim of gun violence and their families.
Discussed the progress being made by the "Gang of Eight" on comprehensive immigration reform with Chuck Todd on MSNBC's Daily Rundown this morning. Click for video: http://youtu.be/P8RAQZgMvic
This Equal Pay Day, join me in demanding equal pay for equal work by sharing this infographic. Women in New Jersey make 78 cents for every one dollar earned by their male counterpart. When women’s salaries are short-changed, so are families’ incomes and our overall economy. That’s why I will continue fighting against this persistent wage gap. The talent, education and hard work of New Jersey women is equally as valuable as that of men. Period.
Mil gracias a todos los inmigrantes y simpatizantes que nos acompañaron al pie de la Estatua de la Libertad el día de hoy. Un lugar muy apropiado para marchar por una reforma migratoria integral que arregle de una vez y por todas nuestro sistema migratorio. Este es el momento para que los cerca de 11 millones de inmigrantes indocumentados de todo el país no tengan que vivir en las sombras y puedan tener un camino hacia la ciudadanía. Como hijo de inmigrantes cubano-americanos, tengo muy clara la importancia de la materia en cuestión, y nunca he olvidado a las familias ni a las personas que quieren tomar el juramento de lealtad a nuestra gran nación para convertirse en ciudadanos Americanos. El camino hacia la ciudadanía también es una pieza de gran importancia para nuestra seguridad nacional y para nuestra economía. Como parte del “Grupo de  los 8” les puedo reportar que hemos tenido negociaciones largas, pero el progreso hacia una reforma migratoria integral y bipartidista ya es palpable. Estamos cerca de lograrlo, y estoy optimista que el Proyecto de Ley que presentemos pasará ambas cámaras con un fuerte apoyo bipartidista y será firmado por el Presidente para convertirse en ley este mismo año. Ha llegado el momento de la reforma. Los vientos políticos están a nuestro favor. No podemos, ni debemos, esperar más tiempo.
Thanks to all of the immigrants and supporters who stood with us in Lady Liberty's shadow today. What a fitting place to rally for comprehensive immigration reforms that will once and for all fix our broken system. The time is now to help bring nearly 11 million undocumented immigrants from across the country out of the shadows and on a path to earned citizenship. As the son of Cuban-American immigrants, I know what's at stake for these workers, families and individuals who want to take the oath of allegiance to our great nation and become citizens. Providing an earned pathway to citizenship is also important for our national and economic security. And as a member of the Gang of 8, I can say we have had tough negotiations, but the progress towards bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform is real. We're almost there and God willing the bipartisan framework we put forward will pass both chambers with strong support and land on the President's desk and be signed into law this year.  The time has come for reform. The political winds are in our favor, and we cannot and should not wait any longer.
Just met with immigration advocates and stakeholders in New Jersey about the progress the "Gang of Eight" is making on comprehensive immigration reform.  We all - every one of us - have a stake in it. Read more here: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-updates-immigration-advocates-stakeholders-in-new-jersey-on-comprehensive-immigration-reform
Joined Rep. Frank Pallone and Njpirg in Asbury Park this morning to discuss the negative impacts that offshore tax havens have on New Jersey small businesses and taxpayers. Offshore tax dodging shifts corporations’ & wealthy individuals’ tax burden to ordinary citizens & small businesses. It's time that we finally close these offshore tax loopholes. The wealthiest Americans and the biggest corporations have earned their success, but they also have a responsibility -- as members of the greater American community that has helped them build that success – to be part of the solution. It’s the right thing – the fair thing to do.
Very pleased to hear about President Obama’s “Brain Initiative”. I lost my mom to Alzheimer’s and saw its devastating effects first hand.  We must invest in better understanding our brain and finding cures to these diseases, which will not only help keep us on the cutting edge of science, but will also produce returns in job creation: http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/video/obama-brain-initiative-transformative-18861944
It’s estimated that 1 out of every 49 children in New Jersey are being diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder. Seeing these high numbers year after year reminds us of the challenges these children will face as they grow up and become young adults.  That’s why this Autism Awareness Month, we must recommit ourselves to helping children and young adults who fall on the autism spectrum develop into happy, productive adults.   This month and every month, we must redouble our federal efforts by funding research, screenings, therapies and public education on autism. And as long as I am in the Senate, I will continue fighting for just that on behalf of these children and their families.
Had a frank, informative discussion with members of the New Jersey Head Start Association and program directors. Head Start is such a crucial program, helping our youngest, most vulnerable New Jerseyans get the social and educational development they need so they aren’t behind in kindergarten and beyond. 
 
 Unfortunately, sequestration cuts funding for Head Start, impacting around 1,300 New Jersey children who are in the program.  This is very upsetting. Sequestration wasn’t a good idea then, which is why I voted against this flawed idea, and it’s not a good idea now. It’s our children, middle class families, our military and working Americans who are paying the price. I will continue working with my colleagues to put in place a responsible, balanced alternative. We cannot and must not let these across-the-board cuts continue.
Thank you to Korean Counsel General Son Se-Joo for coming to my Newark office this afternoon. We had a good discussion on the issues that our Korean-American community here in New Jersey hold in high priority. The Korean-Americans who call New Jersey home not only contribute to our state’s tremendous diversity, but also help New Jersey realize our full potential as a force in the global economy. I value the Counsel General’s insights as we look forward to building stronger relations between our nations, working together to fulfill the best of our common interests.
Just got off a call with Families USA, who today released new data on how New Jerseyans are benefiting from the new health care law. Their reports shows that soon, around 610,000 low and middle-income New Jerseyans will qualify for new tax credits, which will help them better afford private coverage. And the more people who can afford coverage and enter the health care marketplace, the lower the cost of premiums will be. This is a win-win. People with insurance pay a $1,000 hidden tax every year to cover the cost of uncompensated care. So, the Affordable Care Act will help eliminate that tax, while ensuring that our New Jersey families have greater access to quality and affordable health care. I thank Families USA for providing us with a valuable and trustworthy analysis of health care policy. The full report released today is here: http://familiesusa.org/help-is-at-hand/new-jersey/
Proud to support marriage equality as SCOTUS hears challenges to Prop 8 & discriminatory DOMA. Let’s all stand #UnitedforMarriage
Tomorrow marks the 3rd anniversary of the Affordable Care Act. Click here to see how the new health care law is helping New Jerseyans by increasing their access to -- and the quality of -- our health care: www.menendez.senate.gov/affordablecareact
Heading to chair a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing to assess our policies and priorities on counterterrorism. Begins at 4. Watch live video here: http://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/counterterrorism-policies-and-priorities_addressing-the-evolving-threat
I want to extend my warmest wishes for a happy Nowruz to all those who mark the first day of spring. Here in the US, there are millions of Iranian-Americans who have maintained their cultural heritage and their Nowruz traditions. The community has made significant contributions to our country, enriching the fabric of American society. Let us wish our neighbors, friends, and constituents a fruitful new year.   I also want to take this opportunity to reaffirm the United States' commitment to supporting the Iranian people’s aspirations to live freely and to express themselves without fear of punishment. As chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I intend to work with my colleagues and the Administration to hold the Iranian government accountable not only on the nuclear program and support for terrorism, but also to ensure it meets its international human rights obligations.     Wishing everyone a happy spring. Eideh shoma mobarak.
I am extremely disappointed to hear reports that Senator Feinstein's Assault Weapons Ban will not be included in the gun safety reform bill going to the Senate floor.   It was wrong to let the ban expire in 2004, and it's wrong for us to sweep it under the rug now. Military-style weapons that are designed to maximize carnage do not belong on our streets.   I hope that my colleagues will once and for all stand up to the NRA, and stand up for the American people who largely agree that we can protect 2nd Amendment Rights while also protecting our children and neighborhoods.
Had a great meeting yesterday with Irish-American community leaders in New Jersey. We touched on what progress is being made in comprehensive immigration reform, Northern Ireland and more. Thanks to the participants for a thoughtful discussion. 
 
 http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-updates-irish-american-leaders-on-comprehensive-immigration-reform
Submitted an Op-Ed to The Record about what key lessons we can learn from the Iraq war on the 10th anniversary of the invasion: http://www.northjersey.com/news/opinions/menendez_031913.html?page=all
Sandy victims who had storm-related damages in New Jersey have just two weeks left to register with FEMA. Federal disaster assistance applications are due by Monday, April 1. Survivors can register online and check on the status of their applications at www.DisasterAssistance.gov  April 1 is also the deadline to return applications to the U.S. Small Business Administration for low-interest disaster loans, which is the primary source of federal funds for long-term rebuilding. Survivors can apply for an SBA disaster home or business loans by filling out an online application at www.DisasterLoan.SBA.gov/ela
Afghanistan is ready to seize its destiny. I make the case here in my Huffington Post op-ed: http://huff.to/14XLSHd
Voted NO today on Senator Ted Cruz’s extreme amendment that would hurt Obamacare. This health care law gives millions of middle class families and seniors the health care security they need and deserve. Thanks to Obamacare, over 1.4 million New Jersey women now have access to preventative health care with no cost sharing, approximately 73,000 young people in New Jersey are able to remain on their parents’ health insurance, and New Jersey seniors have saved around $300 million on prescription drugs. It’s clear: Obamacare is working for the people of New Jersey. Glad this amendment failed.
Share if you agree: Income inequality is a real, growing concern in our nation, as it should be. We have middle class Americans that have gone years without seeing a raise, while CEO pay is soaring. It’s time we shine a light on CEO pay. That’s why I drafted a provision included in the final Wall Street Reform law that requires publically-listed companies to disclose this information. Now, we just need the SEC to make this a priority and finally implement the rule. http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-calls-on-sec-to-expedite-adoption-of-ceo-to-median-pay-disclosure-rule
Come out to Senator Menendez’s 3rd Annual Black History Month Celebration this Sunday at the Shiloh Baptish Church in Trenton. Doors open at 2:30. Click here for more event details: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/nj/events/blackhistorymonth
NA
Today, I am proud to celebrate the 4th anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. This landmark law was a critical step towards eliminating pay gender wage discrimination, but this law alone is not enough.  Women in New Jersey still earn 79 cents for every one dollar earned by their male counterparts.  That’s why I am a cosponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act and I will not stop fighting until women are ensured equal pay for equal work.  http://www.jec.senate.gov/public/?a=Files.Serve&File_id=66769080-37f9-4e7a-b2fa-7ac208d9f575
FINALLY! New Jersey and the region will receive Sandy Relief funding that's needed to rebuild neighborhoods, businesses & lives. After 91 days, Congress finally did what we have always done and should always do: stand with fellow Americans who are suffering after a natural disaster.   http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/menendez-applauds-senate-passage-of-sandy-relief-package-chides-house-leadership-for-needless-delay
Extremely pleased that a bipartisan group of Senators has agreed on what basic principles must be included in immigration reform legislation. Heading to a press conference with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to discuss what meaningful, comprehensive immigration reform looks like. Tune in here at 2:30: http://cs.pn/e1vwvH.
Notice: New Jerseyans affected by Hurricane Sandy will now have until MARCH 1st to register with FEMA for individual assistance. People with storm losses in all counties can register online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 800-621-3362.   Click here for more information: http://www.menendez.senate.gov/issues/hurricane-sandy-recovery-resource-center
I am proud to join Senator Feinstein and Senate Democrats in a push to ban military-style assault weapons & high-capacity magazines, while protecting certain hunting and sporting weapons. I hope my Republican colleagues will stand up to the NRA and join us in righting the wrong of Congress when we allowed the assault weapons ban to expire in 2004. Weapons with the sole purpose of maximizing carnage and death do not belong in our communities and on our streets. We must limit their use to what was intended: war. A summary of the legislation can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/VlSqAq
Deeply humbled to be sitting in Senator John Kerry’s chair at today’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing.  And I am honored to be able to welcome the Chairman to his own nomination hearing as Secretary of State. Look forward to his introductions by Secretary Clinton, Senator McCain and Senator Warren, who will no doubt touch upon Senator Kerry’s exhaustive experience and selfless service as a veteran, a Senator and a true statesman.    Hearing begins at 10am. Tune in here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/
Heading to the Senate floor to call on my colleagues to finally -- and again -- stand with New Jersey and pass a Sandy Relief Package. You can watch live here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
We must learn from the tragic events in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. And I intend to work with the State Department and the Foreign Relations Committee to better protect our embassies, diplomats and personnel.  I thank Secretary Clinton for her testimony today and for her years of tireless service to our nation. Here are some of my takeaways from this morning’s hearing:  http://youtu.be/hs1FUTAB_-o
This morning at 9am, I will preside over a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing to discuss with Secretary Clinton the tragic events that took the lives of Ambassador Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyronne Woods and Glen Doherty in Benghazi on September 11. Will also touch on the lessons we can learn to better better protect our American diplomats and personnel who are posted at embassies around the globe.  Watch live here:   http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN3/
Reminder to those left jobless by Superstorm Sandy: Deadline to register for Disaster Unemployment Assistance is February 4th. Note that the eligibility criteria for these benefits are different from that of traditional unemployment benefits. Click here for more info http://www.fema.gov/library/viewRecord.do?id=5043 and here to register: https://njsuccess.dol.state.nj.us/html/uimain.html
Today is a historic day. 150 years to the month after Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation and just under 50 years after Martin Luther King, Jr. stood on those steps in Lincoln’s 'symbolic shadow', we are about to swear-in the first black President in our nation’s history to a second term.  Thousands of faces: men and women, young and old, Republicans and Democrats, of all religious and racial backgrounds will stand together as Americans to support our President. I look forward to working with President Obama in the years ahead to strengthen our nation's economy and freedom and democracy around the world, and to tackle the tough challenges we face, together.
Had a wonderful time meeting with students at Little Ferry Memorial School who, despite what their town and families have been through, have kept good spirits. It’s absolutely necessary that my Senate colleagues remember when we vote yet again on Sandy Relief that this storm affected ALL New Jerseyans, including children who have been displaced from their homes, schools and all things familiar to them. I thank Little Ferry’s Mayor Mauro Raguseo and Superintendent Frank Scarafile for their fortitude in helping these students get back in the classrooms and the Child Mind Institute for donating heaps of books to Little Ferry families who lost them. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3P8Jznuhr-U&feature=share&list=UU0PV0K9Z5a9p3D5917KF5fw
I applaud President Obama’s bold leadership in putting forth a package of common sense gun safety measures to help reduce the scourge of gun violence. For too long, members of Congress have turned their backs on measures to prevent gun violence as the NRA turned up the heat to protect gun manufacturers.  This time must be different.  These actions are the right thing to do to protect our communities and our children and I stand ready to work with my colleagues to immediately move the President’s agenda forward.   http://www.whitehouse.gov/issues/preventing-gun-violence
After weeks of unnecessary delay, I’m pleased that the House finally passed a robust Sandy Relief bill to help New Jerseyans and all victims who are still struggling to recover and rebuild. For months I’ve been calling on Congress to give our region the resources and assistance that is so desperately needed, just as we have been there for other communities after a natural disaster. Now that they have come around, it’s time for the Senate to once again stand with New Jersey to help us recover, rebuild stronger and enable us to be better prepared for future storms. Here is a full statement from myself, Senators Lautenberg, Schumer, and Gillibrand: http://1.usa.gov/13D7xqe
Alicia Rose DiNatale, who lived in Voorhees, New Jersey, died from a rare form of cancer at the age of 17. And while cancer like the one that took Alicia from us are rare among adolescents, cancer is still the leading cause of death from disease in teenagers between 15 and 19 years of age. This is why, working with the Alicia Rose Victorious Foundation and her family, I officially designated this week as Teen Cancer Awareness Week. Share this post to join me in promoting awareness about teen cancers and the unique medical and social needs of teens with cancer. Let’s also recognize the work of the tremendous foundations that support them, including Victorious. They need our support this week and every week as they help teens with cancer who are suffering at an all too young age.
Read why House Republicans must take action now to help Sandy victims recover and rebuild in this USA Today op-ed from myself and Senators Lautenberg, Schumer and Gillibrand: http://usat.ly/UBHbym
The House's action to help Sandy flood victims is a step forward - albeit needlessly delayed. Republicans MUST pass the rest of the Sandy Relief package IN TACT to provide the type of resources that many communities, small businesses and families need to fully recover from the storm.
Honored to be sworn in to the United States Senate today. I will continue working to make New Jersey a better place to work, live and raise a family. http://bit.ly/W74z60
Never before has this country walked away from its obligation to help Americans in the wake of a natural disaster, but today, the House Republican Leadership told New Jersey and New York to drop dead.  I cannot recall a congressional act to be so inconsistent with our core principle that we are the United States of America than the House Republican Leadership’s decision to kill a vote on the Sandy relief package.  The Senate voted to provide a reasonable relief package to the stricken region which is struggling to get back on its feet, but the indifference of the House callously jeopardizes peoples’ well-being.  In the few hours remaining in the 112th Congress, I call upon House Republicans to recognize their humanity over their partisanship. Help the thousands of Americans in our area who will be forced to brave the cold of winter without homes, their businesses, their jobs, right now.
