Update: HealthSource RI has extended the 12/23 deadline to 12/31 for health coverage beginning Jan 1. To learn more about the updated deadline, you can click here: http://www.healthsourceri.com/understanding-the-healthsource-ri-deadlines/
There's a December 23rd deadline for Rhode Islanders to get health coverage beginning in the new year. Learn more and #GetCovered at HealthSourceRI.com!
Today, we welcomed five European companies to Rhode Island, thanks to the hard work of Governor Lincoln Chafee, Marcel Valois, and the team at Commerce RI.  It’s great to see new jobs and investment headed to Rhode Island!
Today, I led a hearing on campus sexual assault and the roles and responsibilities of law enforcement. The stats are alarming and I'm committed to doing all I can to aid students and law enforcement to ensure perpetrators are brought to justice. My thanks to Peg Langhammer of Day One - Rhode Island's Sexual Assault & Trauma Resource Center for making the trip from RI to testify on behalf of victims. 1.usa.gov/1yMUH9g
Today, Congressman Jim Langevin and I visited Daniele, Inc.’s new facility in Burrillville and heard how this local business has turned a passion for traditional prosciutto and other fine meats into a thriving business that supports good jobs.  Thanks to Davide, Stefano, and the whole team for showing us around, and for sharing their ideas for how to leverage Rhode Island’s terrific food scene to grow our economy.
Outlet stores’ deceptive pricing is an issue to be aware of this holiday season. Read my letter: http://1.usa.gov/1vsCOLM
In two minutes, this climate expert debunks denier myth. Take a look: bit.ly/1vM9miw #ActOnClimate #climatechange
Happy Small Business Saturday! Today, join me in supporting small local businesses by shopping at ones like those here in Pawtuxet Village. It's the perfect day to #ShopSmall & #DineSmall. #SmallBizSat
This holiday season, let’s remember those in need. I was honored to join the RI Community Food Bank earlier today where each month, 63,000 people are served. To learn more about hunger in RI, you can read this front-page article in today’s Projo: bit.ly/1v4wybm
Tonight President Obama announced a plan to use his executive authority to help address our nation’s broken immigration system.  I support this action because last year I worked for weeks in the Judiciary Committee to craft a strong bipartisan immigration bill which passed the Committee and the Senate in bipartisan fashion.  And yet, for months Speaker Boehner has refused to even take up the bill in the House, blocking bipartisan progress.  After over 500 days of the Boehner blockade, the President is moving forward with a plan and giving House Republicans one last chance to do their jobs before his executive order takes effect. Our laws give him the clear authority to do so, and the people in Rhode Island and across the country who are suffering under the current system simply can’t afford to wait.
Today I introduced a #CarbonFee bill because fossil fuel companies shouldn’t get to pollute for free while harming the American people and our environment. It’s time for Congress to wake up and #ActOnClimate.
Rhode Islanders! Today’s the first day you can shop for new insurance plans at HealthSource RI for coverage beginning 1/1/15. You can learn more by visiting healthsourceri.com.
Last night, I let my Republican colleagues know that it’s time to wake up, do their homework, and be responsible on climate change. They can’t pretend it isn’t real. Watch the video of my full speech here: bit.ly/111pKjP
Everyone's out to honor our vets today at the North Kingstown Veterans Day parade. Thanks to all who have bravely served.
Sometimes it’s the basics — like a hot meal and a warm place to sleep — that can give a person hope when it’s in short supply.  Thank you to the team at the WARM Center for showing Congressman Jim Langevin and me around your beautiful new shelter and soup kitchen, and for all you do to combat homelessness in the Westerly area.
Don't miss the one-hour documentary on the late Governor Bruce Sundlun's WWII experiences tonight at 6pm & Monday at 9pm on RI PBS. Watch on 36.1; Cox, Verizon, Full Ch 8; Dish/DirectTV 36. Spanish-language Vme is on 36.3.
Just like these Junior ROTCs from Coventry and Cranston East High Schools, we must all remember and honor our veterans. Proud to join them and Mayor Taveras at this morning’s Veterans Day Observance at the Providence VA Medical Center.
Election Day is here & I just voted. Get out and vote today, RI! To find your polling place: https://vic.sos.ri.gov/vic/
Tomorrow is Election Day, so don’t forget to vote! To find your polling place or see a sample ballot, visit: https://vic.sos.ri.gov/vic/
President Barack Obama made a stop in RI today to talk about strengthening our economy by expanding opportunities for women and working families. We agree: when women succeed, we all do.
Two years ago today, Hurricane #Sandy struck the Northeast with brutal force. #RI was hit hard along our coasts, like here in Matunuck where homes and businesses were destroyed. Our communities have worked hard to rebuild and we’ve come a long way. Going forward, I’ll keep pushing for policies and investments that make our coasts more resilient, protect at-risk communities, and address carbon pollution—the root cause of a changing climate that loads the dice for more superstorms.  #ActOnClimate
Today I spent some time with students from Cumberland High School who asked really smart questions on topics ranging from the influence of lobbyists on our lawmakers and US foreign policy in the Middle East, to campaign finance and the cost of college. Great discussion with future RI leaders.
I had the opportunity to deliver the keynote speech at today's workshop on the future of US climate policy, sponsored by NYU Law and their Institute for Policy Integrity. Here's a link to my remarks: 1.usa.gov/1wJPKOx
Celebrating the reopening of RI’s iconic Rocky Point and the launch of my Instagram account today! You can follow me @SenWhitehouse.
Today, I joined Senator Joe Manchin III for the West Virginia leg of our #ClimateCommonSense tour. It’s great to see the innovative work being done and technology being developed in West Virginia to minimize carbon pollution from fossil fuels and increase efficiency at power plants. As we keep working together, coastal states like ours and fossil fuel-producing states like West Virginia can both benefit, and that’s good news for the economy and our environment.
Today, Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia joined me in Rhode Island for the #ClimateCommonSense tour to see the effects climate change is having on our state. We visited the coasts from Newport to Matunuck and were out on the water with RI DEM, researchers, and fisherman who echoed what locals were telling us throughout the day: that they’re experiencing the severe effects of rising tides, the warming ocean, and coastal erosion. I’m grateful my friend and colleague from West Virginia was able to see for himself how climate change is affecting Rhode Islanders and am confident that we can move forward on this issue in Congress in a way that preserves the economy and quality of life in RI, WV, and all across the US.
From Rhode Island to Florida, our coastal communities are ground zero for the effects of climate change. Today, I joined Senator Bill Nelson, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, and local climate change leaders to see firsthand what climate change is doing to Florida’s coasts. I spoke with fishermen, local government officials, and business owners who said if we do nothing and sea levels continue to rise, their economy and the environment will suffer. It’s not all bad news, though, and I’m encouraged by stories of local governments working together to act on climate. I’ll keep fighting for action in Washington, so RI’s coastal communities and those elsewhere can thrive.
NA
Rhode Island has a rich tradition of innovation dating back to the beginning of the American Industrial Revolution.  That’s why I was happy to celebrate the Newport TechWorks business incubator project today.  It will help grow our economy and create jobs, and continue that tradition by leveraging Rhode Island’s defense, marine trades, and technology industries.
Yesterday, I was proud to join the hundreds of thousands who marched and made their voices heard at the People’s Climate March in NYC. I’ll keep fighting in the Senate for action on climate change, because Rhode Island is already seeing its effects.
The public won't be fooled by Republicans' false claims about Citizens United and free speech. If Republicans want to defend the rights of corporations and billionaires to spend unlimited, secret money in campaigns, then they should say so. But they do not get a free pass to defend unlimited, secret political spending by sidestepping the question and pretending that Democrats are attacking our nation's First Amendment. Read more in my op-ed here: huff.to/1uLNnWZ
Ahead of the Peoples’ Climate March in NYC on September 21, I delivered a speech Tuesday on the Senate floor calling out my Republican colleagues for ignoring a vast majority of scientists and people who understand the global threat posed by climate change. 1.usa.gov/1lTsKbO
This view from my office is a solemn reminder of the victims whose lives were lost 13 years ago today. We will never forget 9/11.
Today’s 5th annual RI Energy and Environmental Leaders Day was a huge success. It was great hearing from Environmental Protection Agency  Administrator Gina McCarthy on the need to #ActOnClimate, oceanographer Sylvia A. Earle on her work to save our oceans, and Jeff Goodell on his career as a climate journalist. Many thanks to the Rhode Islanders who made this year’s #EEDayRI a great one! Already looking forward to next year!
Rhode Islanders need relief from the student debt burden. That was the clear message Senator Jack Reed and I heard during a meeting today at CCRI in Newport.  Student loan debt is hurting our economy by pinching household budgets and limiting the ability of graduates to buy a home or make other long-term financial decisions.  Thankfully, the Senate is expected to consider legislation next week which would lower student loan payments for millions of Americans – including an estimated 88,000 Rhode Islanders. @Lori.Perretta and @Danielle.Dirocco.1 and Ryan Borden shared their experiences today, and you can, too, if have your own student loan interest rate stories: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/issues/student-loans. Looking forward to hearing from you.
Tonight, I’ll be hosting a free community dinner at Cumberland High School on Mendon Road and I’d love for you to join me. Listening to you is one of the most important and meaningful things I get to do as your Senator, so I hope to see you there! RSVP: 1.usa.gov/WbWPat
Rhode Island veteran Raymond Mahon has finally received the medals he earned during World War II. He and his fellow soldiers joined one of the most difficult conflicts in history, and their sacrifice and resolve won them their rightful reputation as our Greatest Generation. I was honored to celebrate these awards with him today. Congratulations to Ray and the entire Mahon family!
Thanks to all the wonderful businesses that welcomed me in Pawtuxet Village this morning.  I got to try some great food, meet the regulars, and hear from business owners who are creating jobs in Rhode Island and making this area in Cranston and Warwick a great place to be.
I accept the ice bucket challenge. This one is for Kreg Palko, a brave Rhode Islander battling ALS whose story I got to share with my Senate colleagues a few weeks ago on the 75th anniversary of Lou Gehrig's farewell to baseball (click here to read my speech: 1.usa.gov/1lrWcWn). Thanks to Congressman David Cicilline and Congressman Jim Langevin for the assist!
Thanks to The Nature Conservancy for the tour of the Living Shoreline project in Narragansett! It shows Rhode Island knows how to act on climate.
Rhode Islanders deserve a fair shot at owning an affordable home. We’re still feeling the effects of the downturn in the real estate market, but we can recover and restore opportunity for homeowners if the right support and incentives are in place. That’s why today in Pawtucket I was glad to hold a conversation with realtors, homeowners, and housing experts on what we can do to give Rhode Islanders that fair shot and strengthen an important part of our economy.
Too many American women are harmed by domestic gun violence. That was the takeaway from today’s Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence and domestic abuse. The stats are alarming. We’ve got to make sure that those who should not possess guns do not possess them. We’ve got to protect women. Follow this link to read more about today’s hearing: 1.usa.gov/1nUrbuh
Take 25 seconds to watch this highlight from today’s Budget Committee hearing. Every single witness, including those invited by Senate Republicans, agreed climate change is real and caused by carbon emissions. bit.ly/1nRk5qt
Unfortunately, we’ve seen more and more American jobs shipped overseas in recent years and it’s hurting our economy. It’s time to stop rewarding companies for moving overseas and start rewarding them for bringing jobs back home. Tomorrow, I’ll vote to Bring Jobs Home and I’m calling on my colleagues to do the same because taxpayers shouldn’t be footing the bill to help create jobs in other countries.
Our veterans deserve our respect and recognition for their sacrifice.  That's why today I was honored to present long overdue awards to a Rhode Island veteran and member of our Greatest Generation.  Thanks to Mr. Anthony D’Abrosca for his service, and congratulations to him and the entire D’Abrosca family.
Today I visited Narragansett’s Great Island Bridge to highlight the threat posed to jobs and safety by the pending shortfall in the Highway Trust Fund. It’s time to act.
Great news for jobs and energy in RI: the Quonset Business Park could become a major regional hub for wind turbine assembly and staging. I've been working for years with my colleagues in the Congressional delegation and state leaders to make sure Quonset was prepared to be a leader in wind energy manufacturing and staging, and I'm glad to see our work is paying off. Developments like this will ensure that our Ocean State is at the forefront of the clean energy economy and could be a major source of middle class jobs for the future. bit.ly/1rr125h
Right now, we have a unique opportunity to address two of RI’s biggest problems: our unemployment rate and our crumbling infrastructure. That’s why I’m fighting for an extension of federal funding for bridge and road work that could help protect an estimated 3,600 jobs in RI. It’s one of the single most important investments we can make in our state’s future. http://1.usa.gov/Wfb7YP
VIDEO: It’s time to get secret money out of politics. This isn’t a partisan issue. This isn’t Republican versus Democrat. This is big money, billionaires, and big corporations versus regular voters. Let’s not pretend anymore that we don’t have a problem in this country of anonymous, dark money shutting down real debates. And let’s not pretend this is an issue of taking away first amendment rights. bit.ly/1oKYE6G
Hurricane Sandy didn't just hit buildings and beaches—it struck parts of Rhode Island’s rich history. That's why I was glad to celebrate important funding for historic preservation at the Towers in Narragansett today. Rebuilding our historic properties helps keep that history alive, and preserves some of our tourism industry's major attractions.
The weather can't dampen our spirits! I'm having a great time celebrating the 4th of July with everyone in RI today!
Congress needs to act now to avoid a serious hit to our roads and bridges, and to our economy as a whole.  If we don't find a solution by this fall, the fund that pays for most road and bridge projects in Rhode Island will start to run out of the cash it needs to cover its commitments.  That's why I was glad to join Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx in Providence today to help him spread the word about funding our highways right away.  Secretary Foxx and I are committed to working with my colleagues in Congress to make sure we have the funding necessary to keep our roads and bridges safe, and to create much needed construction jobs.
Today, I reintroduced the #DISCLOSE Act, a bill that would crack down on so-called “dark money” that billionaires and corporations use to secretly influence elections. This bill gives Senators the chance to show the American people where we stand: with the individual voters we have been sent here to represent, or with the billionaires and the corporations seeking to buy our democracy. I hope my Republican colleagues, who have a history of supporting disclosure of election spending, will stand with me.
Renewable sources of energy are a big help for our climate and our economy.  Today I was glad to join a bright group of 5th graders  from Blackstone Valley Prep Mayoral Academy to see the Narragansett Bay Commission's Field's Point facility, which uses wind to reduce the emissions that contribute to climate change and helps save taxpayers money.
Check out The Daily Show’s take on the hearing I chaired this week on climate change on.cc.com/UmGMWT 
Today, this group of four Republican former Environmental Protection Agency heads brought a clear message to Congress: it’s time to act on climate change. During a hearing I chaired in a Senate subcommittee, they testified about their efforts to protect our environment, and their concern about the effects of climate change for our country and the world.  It’s an important message that we all need to hear. I just hope my Republican colleagues in the Senate will listen.
We need to protect our children, both by keeping them out of trouble and giving them a shot at achieving their potential.  That’s why I held a Senate hearing in Pawtucket today – to hear from the U.S. Department of Justice, the Rhode Island Family Court, and Rhode Island KIDS COUNT on how to improve our juvenile justice system. Thanks to all who participated.
Rhode Island has many natural assets, but we're especially fortunate to have beautiful rivers, bays, and coastline. That's why keeping our shores and waterways clean and safe enriches our communities and strengthens our economy. Today I was glad to join Clean Bays to see their important work restoring a central portion of the East Providence shoreline.
Carbon pollution is bad for our health, bad for our environment, and bad for our economy. Today President Obama and his team at U.S. Environmental Protection Agency are proposing new standards to limit how much of this harmful pollution power plants can spew into our atmosphere and oceans – and already the big polluters and their Republican allies are rolling out the same tired arguments and exaggerated claims about the standards. Read my piece in VICE News about why you shouldn’t believe them. #ActonClimate  https://news.vice.com/article/get-ready-for-more-false-claims-by-big-polluters
I’m fighting for federal infrastructure investments because too many of Rhode Island's roads and bridges are in poor condition, and because fixing them will create jobs. Today I joined Governor Lincoln Chafee, the Rhode Island Department of Transportation, leaders from the State House, and others to provide an update on my efforts, and to lay out goals that will support economic growth.
On this Memorial Day, we will thank all of our veterans and troops for their service and sacrifice. And we must also thank the surviving family members of those men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice – the gold star mothers, fathers, spouses, and children. Today, if you see someone wearing a gold star, remember what it signifies. As one Rhode Island gold star mother recently wrote to me, “No one wearing a gold star pin should ever have to hear ‘what a beautiful pin, where can I get one?’”  Please share this post, and let’s make sure that on this Memorial Day all of our troops and gold star families hear the same thing: thank you for your service.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cJ2NkLn7qE
What I hear from Rhode Island families is that the cost of college is getting harder and harder to bear.  But gaining the skills and knowledge necessary to succeed in our economy requires advanced training and often a college degree.  That’s why I’m standing with Senate Democrats in fighting to reduce the burden of student debt and make college more affordable for middle class families.  Sign our petition and tell the Senate our students need a fair shot: http://democrats.senate.gov/fairshotcollege/  
Today I joined more than 40 of my colleagues from the House and Senate to send a message to those in Congress who are preventing action on climate change: it’s time to wake up. At our rally today, hundreds of people in DC and even more across the country joined us to sound the alarm. Thanks to everyone who stood with us today, and let’s keep up the fight!  P.S. In case you missed it, you can watch the whole thing here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/sound-the-alarm-for-climate-action
I'm lucky to represent a state with such a vibrant and dedicated environmental community.  Rhode Island faces serious environmental challenges - like the effects of climate change - but addressing these challenges presents opportunities to create clean energy jobs and grow our economy.  I was glad to discuss these issues with Environment Rhode Island, Senator Jack Reed, and Congressman David Cicilline today, and I'll continue working with Rhode Island’s environmental community on our state’s behalf.
Last night I joined Bill Nelson on the Senate floor to highlight the effects of climate change on Florida. During my recent climate road trip, I learned that Floridians, like Rhode Islanders, are worried about the coastal communities that they love.  They are getting serious about protecting their homes and their livelihoods.  And they want their representatives in Congress to get serious too. Senator Nelson hears them, and I was honored to discuss this issue with him last night.  You can watch our speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hwolv8mx3oU&feature=youtu.be
Thanks to all the servicemembers and their families who took part in my 7th Annual Veterans Breakfast and Resource Fair.  I host these events to hear from the veterans community about the issues that affect them most, so I'm very grateful that you took the time to share your thoughts and concerns with me.  And if there's a question you didn't get to ask or if you'd like my office to assist you with an issue you may be having with a federal agency, please reach out to my office at whitehouse.senate.gov/contact.
Rhode Island is home to remarkable institutions of higher learning, whose students do truly impressive things.  Just last week, I visited a group of Brown University and Rhode Island School of Design students who are building a beautiful and entirely sustainable house to compete in the Solar Decathlon Europe.  Best of luck to all the talented young people working on the Techstyle Haus, and thank you for your important work on sustainable housing.
Rhode Island has a rich tradition in architecture, from historic homes to landmark industrial spaces to cutting-edge design institutions. So I’m glad to see that Rhode Island’s Salve Regina University has won the Institute of Classical Architecture & Art’s 2014 Arthur Ross Award for Stewardship – for preserving and strengthening this tradition even further. Congratulations to President Gerety and the entire Salve Regina community.
We'll never be able to fully repay the debt we owe our veterans, but we can do everything we can to observe their sacrifice and keep the promises we've made to them.  So today, I hosted my 7th Annual Veterans Breakfast and Resource Fair — to hear from veterans and their families about the issues that affect them most and connect them to key resources.  For all those who joined me today: thank you for coming, and thank you for your service.
Today I was glad to celebrate a record $18 billion contract for Electric Boat and hundreds of new jobs here in Rhode Island.  This new submarine contract will grow and strengthen our economy for years to come.  And congratulations to Senator Jack Reed and Congressman Jim Langevin, who worked tirelessly to bring this project to Quonset.
Today the GOP blocked the Minimum Wage Fairness Act, a bill to raise the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10 per hour over several years. Too many Rhode Island families are struggling to pay their bills and put food on the table, despite working long hours.  It’s time to make the federal minimum wage a living wage, so that hardworking Rhode Islanders can provide for themselves and their loved ones, and businesses see more customers with money to spend.  I’m disappointed that Senate Republicans refused to allow an up-or-down vote on this commonsense legislation, but I will continue working to pass this and other bills to give working Americans a fair shot.
Today my climate road trip brought me through North Florida, where coastal cities face many of the same urgent threats from climate change as Rhode Island communities do. Thanks to Senator Bill Nelson and Congresswoman Corrine Brown for welcoming me to their state. Senator Nelson is one of our nation's strongest voices on the need to act on climate change and I was honored to stand with him today.
This week I'm taking a #climatetrip from North Carolina to Florida to see effects of climate change -- one of the most serious issues facing Rhode Island.  We’re doing what we can in the Ocean State to limit the damage of climate change, but this is a worldwide problem that we can’t address alone.  We need other states – and ultimately other nations – to join us in reducing emissions, investing in clean energy, and taking steps to adapt to the changes that are already occurring.  This road trip will be an opportunity for me to see how climate change is affecting other areas of our country; to hear about what these states are doing to address climate threats; and to bring new ideas back to Washington as I continue working to get Congress to wake up and take action on this issue.  Today I kicked things off in North Carolina. Many thanks to SouthWings, Duke University Marine Lab, UNC Institute of Marine Sciences, N.C. Coastal Federation and everyone else who welcomed me today.
Keeping our intellectual property safe and our networks secure is one of the major security challenges we face as a nation. That's why I was glad to join Congressman Jim Langevin - a leader on the issue of cybersecurity in Congress - and Rhode Island law enforcement earlier this week to discuss what we can do to protect ourselves from cyber threats.
Thanks to all those who attended my community dinner in South Kingstown last night.  Taking your questions and hearing your ideas for strengthening our economy and creating jobs will help me continue to fight for you in Washington.
New Englanders will never forget the tragic events of one year ago – the senseless violence that shattered an otherwise beautiful day, but also the resilience and compassion demonstrated in the aftermath by first responders and citizens alike. On that day, and the days that followed, Boston showed the world what Americans are made of. And today we all remain #BostonStrong.
To create jobs, we need to develop new businesses and promote existing ones.  Our economy will thrive if innovative Rhode Island businesses can bring their products to new markets.  That’s why we have to connect companies like those in our composites industry with the ideas and resources that allow them to grow.  Thanks to all those who joined me today to promote this important sector of the Rhode Island economy.
In the year 2014 there is no excuse for the persistent wage disparity between men and women.  This is a serious problem that affects women in Rhode Island and throughout the country, and we owe them an open and honest debate about what we can do to address it.  Unfortunately, Senate Republicans don’t want to have that debate, and are preventing us from holding an up-or-down vote on legislation to help ensure equal pay for equal work.  I’m disappointed we weren’t able to move forward on this bill, but I am committed to continuing to work with Senator Mikulski and other champions who have fought so hard to bring this issue to light.
Unemployment insurance benefits can mean the difference between paying bills and losing a home, and I strongly support restoring this lifeline to the thousands of Rhode Island families who have lost benefits in recent months.  Today the Senate voted to revive these benefits, thanks largely to the tireless efforts of Senator Jack Reed, who led the charge on this issue in the Senate and managed to craft a bipartisan compromise.  I was proud to stand with Senator Reed to support resuming extended benefits, and I hope House Republicans will act quickly to pass this critical bill into law.
Rhode Island seniors have earned the right to a secure retirement over a lifetime of hard work. They deserve our support. Today, I was glad to join a great group of Rhode Islanders to talk about protecting Medicare and all of the vital programs that benefit seniors from the irresponsible cuts included in the Ryan budget, which would end Medicare as we know it for future generations and undo the benefits of the Affordable Care Act.
Great news for Rhode Island fishermen: last night, the Senate ratified four treaties to protect American fishermen who are put at a disadvantage by illegal pirate fishing. Pirate fishing in foreign countries and on the high seas jeopardizes migratory fish stocks that our fishermen rely on. These treaties will give the U.S. new tools to stop this thievery and I was proud to join my colleagues on the Senate Oceans Caucus to support them.   http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/senate-approves-treaties-to-protect-american-fishermen
Listening to Rhode Island's business community is crucial to my work in Washington, so today I was glad to hear from business leaders about what they need to grow and create jobs. Thanks to the Greater Providence Chamber of Commerce for hosting my colleagues and me for a great event.
Have you signed up for health insurance yet?  The deadline to sign up is today, so here are 5 reasons to #GetCovered.
Have you signed up for health insurance yet? The deadline to get covered on HealthSource RI is March 31st. That means you have just 3 days to find quality, affordable care for you and your family before open enrollment ends. The good news is that 3 days is plenty of time, because signing up is easy. Just visit www.healthsourceri.com or call 1-855-840-HSRI (4774).
Increasing the minimum wage would mean a raise for 91,000 Rhode Islanders. And it would mean a $77.8 million boost to the Ocean State economy. It's time to #RaiseTheWage.
The Medicare prescription drug doughnut hole hit Rhode Island seniors hard for years. But now under the Affordable Care Act, they’re saving hundreds of dollars on their prescriptions and gaining access to free preventative services they used to have to pay for. This law is making a big difference to Rhode Island seniors. http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/nearly-14000-riers-benefitted-from-obamacares-medicare-doughnut-hole-fix-in-2013
Rhode Island seniors are a vital part of our communities.  And by providing a hot meal and a friendly visit, Meals on Wheels of Rhode Island reminds them how much we care.  I was glad to join Meals on Wheels in Warwick today as they provide a great service to our seniors.
Rhode Island has a tradition of making some of the best boats in the world.  Now, that expertise has led to exciting new ways of using composite materials for everything from architecture to aerospace.  I was happy to join the University of Rhode Island College of Engineering and innovative Rhode Island composites businesses today to discuss their exciting work and opportunities for growth.
In our prison system, costs have skyrocketed and populations have overflowed in recent years. But states like Rhode Island have shown that it’s possible to cut prison costs while making the public safer. I’ve been working on legislation to put the Ocean State’s success to use at the federal level, so today I was glad to hear from Rhode Island corrections officials, law enforcement, public defenders, faith leaders, and members of the community about how to reform our prison system nationwide.
Thanks to all of the Senators, bloggers, activists, and citizens who tuned in last night to our all-night #Up4Climate effort. Together, we sent a message that Congress needs to act on climate change.
The cost of Congress' inaction on climate change is too high for our communities, our kids and grandkids, and our economy. Tonight I’m joining more than 25 other Senators for a series of speeches lasting through the night. Our message will be clear: it’s time for Congress to wake up and get serious about addressing climate change.
Keystone isn't any normal pipeline.  It would pump tar sands oil, one of the dirtiest fuels on Earth, which could accelerate climate change, put our health at risk for generations, and tarnish our international reputation. Join me and the Daily Kos community in telling Secretary Kerry and President Obama to reject the Keystone XL pipeline. http://www.dailykos.com/story/2014/03/07/1282854/-Keystone-Isn-t-Any-Normal-Pipeline
What a great moment for a brave Rhode Islander and very deserving Chief for the day in Burrillville.  Happy Birthday, Tyler!  And thanks to all of our public safety heroes for making this young man's dream a reality. http://bit.ly/1idr7zf
Social Security benefits are a sacred promise we've made to our seniors.  That's why I was pleased to see the President's new budget would move us toward an economy that provides greater fairness for seniors and the middle class, and protects Social Security benefits from cuts like the chained CPI.  While it isn't perfect, this budget shows the President is taking a stand for important programs for seniors and the middle class.
The Affordable Care Act means seniors in Rhode Island and across the country save hundreds of dollars on their prescriptions as the Medicare doughnut hole closes.  It means new access to free preventive services.  And for those who don’t qualify for Medicare yet, it means not worrying about losing insurance coverage if they retire early or change jobs.  I was glad to join my fellow Senators yesterday to send a message that the Affordable Care Act is making a real difference for American seniors, plain and simple. If you’re a Rhode Islander who needs insurance, take some time to explore your options at www.healthsourceri.com.
Rhode Islanders need the best information available as they adapt to coastal erosion, higher risk from storm surge, shifting seasons and fisheries, and other effects related to climate change. The new website launched today by Rhode Island's Climate Change Collaborative can be an important tool in educating our families and communities about what to expect and how to respond to this important challenge. Check it out: http://www.riclimatechange.org/
Rhode Islanders already see the effects of climate change through coastal erosion, higher risk from storm surge, and shifting seasons and fisheries. Today, Governor Lincoln Chafee signed an executive order creating the Rhode Island Executive Climate Change Council — to help the people of the Ocean State adapt to climate change and develop strategies to combat the carbon pollution that's causing it. I applaud the Governor for his leadership on this crucial issue.
Too many hard-working families in Rhode Island struggle to pay rent and put food on the table.  And a full-time worker earning the federal minimum wage makes less than $15,000 per year -- well below the poverty line for a family of two.  That needs to change.  Thanks to everyone who joined Congressman Jim Langevin, Congressman David Cicilline, and me for today's roundtable discussion on legislation to establish a fair minimum wage.
I hope the GOP will look at these numbers and realize that the health care law is making a difference for millions of Americans, and that it's time to stop re-hashing old arguments over a law that is now settled.
When medications are used as directed, patients are healthier and we reduce costs in our health care system -- it's a clear win-win. Today, Senator Jack Reed and I joined a panel of experts to share how we can improve medication adherence, through technology and better coordination of care. Thanks to Script Your Future, Brown University and all those who made this event possible.
Today, legislation to renew unemployment insurance fell one vote short of overcoming yet another GOP filibuster. Right now, thousands of Rhode Islanders remain out of work because of the slow economy.  But that’s not their fault, and we should do everything we can to support them as our economy continues to recover.  Unfortunately, the vast majority of Senate Republicans continued blocking aid to these Rhode Islanders by voting against commonsense legislation to extend emergency unemployment benefits.   I know Senator Reed will continue leading the fight to restore these benefits, and I’ll support him every step of the way.  We can’t give up.
Looking forward to watching Cranston, RI’s Marissa Castelli skate in the Sochi Olympics tonight!   
Glad to hear that RI small business Quick Fitting, Inc. is expanding and touting its Rhode Island pride!  Here's what their Executive Vice President and CEO, Jeff Kosky, had to say: "In response to Quick Fitting’s explosive growth and elevated demand forecast, we are expanding our U.S. manufacturing operations. Quick Fitting’s products and patents were developed here in the Ocean State; we are proud and delighted to call Rhode Island our home. Together with our state and local partners; BankRI, Senator Jack Reed, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Governor Lincoln Chafee, Warwick Mayor Scott Avedesian and Marcel Valois and his team at Commerce RI; our goal in making Rhode Island the Epicenter for Push-to-Connect technology has been accomplished."
Today, the State Department released their Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement on the Keystone XL pipeline. This report underestimates key factors about the pipeline’s effect on carbon pollution and climate change.   Fortunately, today’s statement isn’t the last word. Please join me in urging Secretary Kerry and President Obama to look beyond State’s flawed report, which is at odds with the President's Climate Action Plan, and deny the Keystone XL pipeline.
Flood insurance matters to Rhode Islanders. And I'm glad to say that today the Senate passed the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act, 67-32. This bill would delay rate hikes for thousands of Rhode Island homeowners and I hope the House will pass this bill in the same bipartisan fashion the Senate did today. I'm also glad to say that the bill includes an amendment I wrote to cut through red tape and burdensome costs that can hamper habitat restoration projects, like the Upper Pawcatuck River restoration projects. In the video below, I explained to my colleagues why we needed to include this amendment.  
Today, Rep. Henry Waxman, who I had the honor of working with to co-found the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change has announced his retirement. I look forward to continuing to work with Henry in the months ahead and I hope you'll join me in wishing him and his family great happiness and success in life after Congress.
Tonight President Obama made clear that he is committed to using the full power of his office to address some of the major issues facing our country.  From addressing the minimum wage, to advancing job creation and addressing carbon pollution, there is a great deal that the President can do now, without delay.  I stand ready to support his efforts because I know Rhode Islanders can’t afford to wait. We can’t wait while minimum wage workers see rising costs outpace their incomes.   We can’t wait while foreign nations out-compete the United States for the clean energy jobs of tomorrow.   And we can’t wait while rising oceans and warmer waters threaten our seaside communities.   I’m glad the President is committed to acting on these problems, and I will continue working to convince Congressional Republicans to wake up and join us in the fight.
Excited to be bringing Scott DePasquale, CEO of Utilidata, as my guest for the State of the Union address tonight.  Scott’s work is a great Rhode Island example of how innovative businesses can help jumpstart our state’s economy.  And as we continue fighting the effects of climate change, Scott’s business helps transmit energy in a more efficient way that can reduce harmful carbon pollution.   I thank Scott for his work and I'm looking forward to hearing from the President about his vision for America’s clean energy future.
Tonight, President Obama will deliver his State of the Union address. And while I’m looking forward to hearing the President’s remarks, the opinions and priorities that matter most to me are yours.
 What do you think are America’s top priorities? Take the poll and share your thoughts on the #SOTU with me: http://bit.ly/sotu2014-poll
Honored to be featured on Upworthy. Thanks for the kind words! 
Do you qualify for a financial boost through the Earned Income Tax Credit? Each year thousands of Rhode Islanders who qualify for this important benefit fail to claim it. I was happy to help spread the word about the EITC today at Rhode Island Community Action's Earned Income Tax Credit Campaign Kickoff in Woonsocket along with Treasurer Gina Raimondo, Mayor Baldelli-Hunt, Administrator Sullivan, United Way of Rhode Island, and a great crowd!  Learn more - including whether you qualify - at http://1.usa.gov/1be9rC4
Sorry to say that tonight's community dinner in South Kingstown has been postponed due to the weather. Details here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/rhode-island/dinners/south-kingstown-community-dinner
During today's roundtable at the Greater Providence Chamber of Commerce, I enjoyed hearing from small business leaders about how our Congressional delegation can support Rhode Island's innovation economy -- thanks to everyone who joined us!  I look forward to taking Rhode Island's innovative ideas back to Washington.
Serving others is a wonderful way to honor the legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr. - and today, Serve Rhode Island is inviting members of our community to help them do just that.  Learn more below and if you can find the time, please join them.
At today's Environment and Public Works Committee Hearing on President Obama's Climate Action Plan I had a few things to say to the Republican Senators on the committee who continue to put the interests of the coal and oil industries ahead of public health and other industries that Americans rely on for jobs.
Thank you to the Alaska Natives from Shishmaref Island who shared their stories with the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change this week at our forum, "Stories from the Front Lines: How Climate Change is Threatening Our Coastal Communities." 
 As a Senator from the Ocean State, I have seen all too well how climate change can effect the livelihoods of people living in coastal states – and I thank you for sharing your story with Congress.
In December, unemployment insurance expired for 4,900 Rhode Islanders and 1.3 million people across America.  Last night, the Senate had the chance to pass Senator Jack Reed’s bill to extend unemployment insurance – but instead, the GOP filibustered this commonsense legislation.  While I’m deeply disappointed by this vote, I was proud to support Senator Reed’s bill. I will continue working with him to restore this vital safety net for Rhode Islanders still out looking for work.
Please join me in congratulating Rhode Island's very own Marissa Castelli! This weekend Marissa and her skating partner won the national pairs title at the 2014 U.S. Figure Skating Championships – and the next day, they received the good news that they'll be representing America at the Olympics in Sochi. Way to make RI proud!
This week, Senator Barbara Boxer and I gave reporters a sneak peak of our new effort to act on climate change. Details below.
By a vote of 60-37, the bill to renew unemployment insurance cleared a procedural hurdle in the Senate today. This vote brought us one step closer to extending emergency unemployment benefits for struggling Americans.  Even with the worst of the recession behind us, too many Rhode Islanders have been unable to find work.  Emergency unemployment benefits help families stay in their homes and put food on the table while they search for jobs, and we should make sure these benefits remain available for those who need them.    A final vote on the bill will likely come in the days ahead and we'll need 60 votes to overcome any potential filibusters. Keep raising your voices on this issue and please join me in thanking Senator Reed for leading this fight!
Unemployment insurance isn't something Congress should let fall by the wayside. It's too important to Rhode Island families. I'm proud to be a co-sponsor of Senator Jack Reed's bill to extend unemployment insurance and I look forward to tomorrow's procedural vote on the bill.
It's not just Democrats who think it's time to act, Republicans outside of Congress support action on climate change too. Watch my latest "Time to Wake Up" speech to find out more.
In the Ocean State, flood insurance matters to so many homeowners - and as our climate continues to change, it will only become more important.  That's why I was glad to join a coalition of Senators seeking to delay federal flood insurance hikes that would hurt too many Rhode Islanders.
The Senate just voted 64 to 36 to pass a bipartisan budget deal.  I supported the agreement because it provides budget certainty for two years, protects Social Security and Medicare benefits, and will help to prevent another government shutdown.  While it doesn’t go as far as I would have liked, the budget also provides for significant relief from the senseless sequester cuts.  I’m disappointed the deal didn’t include an extension of emergency unemployment benefits and will strongly support Senator Jack Reed’s efforts to pass one when Congress reconvenes in January.
The holiday spirit was on display this weekend at the Broad Street Tree Lighting Ceremony at the Bomes Theater. In addition to the holiday festivities, 300 hats and mittens were distributed to the youngest members of our community - highlighting the generosity of the season. Thanks to the Providence City Council, Quisqueya En Accion, and SWAP, Inc. - Stop Wasting Abandoned Property for inviting me to participate.  What are some of the ways you're giving back this holiday season?
What does the Affordable Care Act look like in RI? The closing of the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Hole. Through October 2013, 10,600 RI seniors have saved an average of $677 this year – all thanks to Obamacare. See the 2012 savings by zip code at http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/savingsmap.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, health insurance companies are now required to spend the majority of your premium on health care – and that's why 8.5 million Americans got rebates last year.
Nearly all of us will, at some point in our lives, be forced to confront the difficult choices that come with advanced illness or end-of-life situations.  These are uncomfortable discussions to have, but we need to have them.  I thank Bill Novelli of the Coalition to Transform Advanced Care, Lieutenant Governor Elizabeth Roberts, @ristatecouncilofchurches, @carenewengland, @hhcri and other RI health stakeholders for helping me get the conversation started today.
Heartbreak. Every American felt it one year ago today. The 26 we lost at Sandy Hook Elementary will be forever in our hearts.
What does the Affordable Care Act look like in Rhode Island? It looks like more than 100,000 uninsured RI'ers eligible for health insurance. And for some, that health care will cost less than $100 a month.
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments on the Cross State Air Pollution Rule. For too long, power plants have used tall smoke stacks to export dirty air – and the health problems that come with it – to downwind states like RI. This rule would finally establish long-overdue health protections. 
 Click LIKE and SHARE if you want to see the Supreme Court uphold this rule and allow the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to do its job.
Today, the Budget Conference Committee, on which I served, announced a budget deal.  I commend Chairman Murray for completing the difficult task of coming to a budget agreement with House Republicans. To be sure, this is not the deal any of us had hoped for.  Republicans refused to end a single special tax deal or to maintain extended unemployment benefits, and allowed only partial relief from the devastating sequester cuts.  That said, this deal will allow Congress to return to regular order and away from Tea Party brinksmanship, and allow appropriators like Jack Reed to pursue sensible priorities within this budget.
Last night, the Senate reauthorized the Undetectable Firearms Act - which was set to expire at midnight. This was an important step, but in the age of plastic guns, it doesn't go far enough. I was glad to work with Senator Chuck Schumer on an amendment that would require plastic guns to contain a detectable, nonremovable metal piece. While it didn't pass this time, I will keep working with my colleagues to close this plastic gun loophole.
Our World War II veterans were part of the greatest generation, and they served and sacrificed with distinction and honor. I was so proud to present lifelong Woonsocket resident and WWII veteran George Bourque with U.S. military medals he never received after his discharge, and thank him for all that he did for our country.
Reminder: Saturday, December 7 is the Medicare Open Enrollment Deadline. You can learn more at Medicare.gov or call their helpline at 1-800-633-4227. Please SHARE this information if you have friends or family on Medicare.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of South Africa today following the passing of Nelson Mandela.  His life shows how courage and persistence can bring down the strongest walls of wrong and injustice.  He will be greatly missed, but his legacy will live on.
Thanks to Obamacare, 129 million Americans, including ≈463,000 in Rhode Island, no longer have to live in fear of these words.
Preventive health care saves lives - and thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Rhode Islanders are already receiving additional preventive care.
During a visit to Children's Friend today, I saw firsthand how Head Start programs are making a difference for Rhode Island kids and their families. Thanks to Children's Friend & Head Start parents for leading me on today's tour and sharing your stories with me. I will continue to fight in Washington against sequestration cuts, which are hurting programs like this one.
Rhode Island's leadership on health care is a great example for the rest of the country.  I was so proud to hear from Lt. Governor Elizabeth Roberts and Rhode Island health leaders today about how their work to reform health care delivery in our state is improving care and lowering costs for patients. Our state’s leadership in this area will help make health care more efficient and affordable. http://bit.ly/1itmsxe
The Obama Administration’s newly proposed guidance to limit political activity by 501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations is badly needed. I applaud them for taking this critical step to help crack down on the unlimited, secret spending plaguing our elections and corrupting our democracy.
I had a great time today assisting the staff and volunteers at the Rhode Island Community Food Bank. It was especially heartwarming to learn about their "One Kid Can" program, which is a great program for kids who want to help make a difference this holiday season. If your child wants to get involved, please check out the "One Kid Can" guide here: http://bit.ly/1bm329L
I was so proud to join Rhode Island Housing and partners today to celebrate the opening of a new affordable housing development in Jamestown. Not only will this unit provide safe, affordable homes for individuals with developmental disabilities, it will also provide residents with the support they need to pursue careers and meaningful lives. Thanks to RI Housing for the great work on this project.
50 years ago today, I remember coming home and watching the news on a small black and white TV, and days later sitting on my father’s shoulders to see President Kennedy's caisson roll by – a black horse with boots backwards in the stirrups frisking behind it.  President Kennedy’s sudden and senseless death was a dark moment in our nation’s history – particularly here in Rhode Island, which he loved dearly and visited frequently.  But his legacy of calling young Americans into the service of this great country shines on through the decades, and his ideals of optimism, courage and equality can guide us still. #JFK
Today, we took an important step to break the gridlock in the Senate.
Across America, more and more people are calling on institutions to use their investments to send the message that they do not support big polluters, and that they care about issues like climate change. Today, Congressman Jim Langevin and I introduced legislation that would allow millions of federal government employees and retirees to send that same message – to use the power of their individual purse to tell big polluters they can’t keep poisoning our air and water without consequences.
ICYMI, last night I spoke with Rachel Maddow about Obamacare, Medicaid expansion, and the Koch brothers. Video at the 14:29 mark.
We were told by our GOP colleagues that they would only filibuster judicial nominees under "extraordinary circumstances."  After yet another filibuster - this time for a candidate that the Senate once approved unanimously for a lower court - I want to be clear: being nominated by the President does not qualify as an "extraordinary circumstance."
Today, I got a chance to tour important infrastructure projects along Elmwood Avenue in Providence. Projects like these create much-needed construction jobs, and help boost the local economy by improving public transportation options. Thank you to Rhode Island Department of Transportation and Rhode Island Public Transit Authority for leading the RI Congressional delegation on this tour today!
Today, I gave my 50th weekly speech on climate change. Why do I give these weekly speeches?  Because climate change is real, it's happening, and we cannot let polluter-funded lies go unanswered.  I hope you'll take a moment to watch today's speech and click the LIKE and SHARE buttons if you agree that Congress cannot continue to ignore climate change.
Tomorrow, I'll be delivering my 50th climate change speech on the Senate floor. I hope you'll join me in telling Congress that it's time to wake up and act on climate change. Click LIKE and SHARE to help spread the word about tomorrow's speech, which is tentatively scheduled for 4:30PM ET on CSPAN-2: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Happy Veterans Day! Please join me in thanking our veterans. We owe all of our servicemembers - and their families - an incredible debt.  And if you are a veteran, please know that my office is always available to help you with issues you may be having with federal agencies.  Let us know how we can help you at: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/services/agency-assistance
Today, I was so proud to present two heroic Rhode Island WWII veterans, Angelo Padula, Sr and Albert Blais, with military medals they were granted years ago but never received. We all owe Mr. Padula and Mr. Blais a debt of gratitude for their honorable service to our country. Please join me in thanking them for their service! http://www.providencejournal.com/breaking-news/content/20131108-two-wwii-veterans-receive-military-medals-in-providence-ceremony.ece
Rhode Island took the time and made the effort to create a state run marketplace for Obamacare enrollment – and that has made a huge difference. At a recent Senate hearing, I let my colleagues know that there are some excellent lessons other states can take from the HealthSource RI rollout.
Today, I cast my vote in favor of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). Rhode Island is fortunate enough to have laws in place that protect LGBT employees from discrimination - now it's time for federal law to catch up and protect employees in EVERY state.   Click LIKE and SHARE if you agree it's time for Congress to pass ENDA.
Thanks to the seniors at the Johnston Senior Center today for taking the time to discuss Social Security Cost of Living Adjustments with me. It's clear that we need to make sure COLAs give seniors a fair deal -- and chained CPI is not the way to do it.
Mental health care matters. Unfortunately, when it comes to our kids and teenagers, we are facing a shortfall in professionals that specialize in treating them. That's why I authored a provision for the Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2013. This fix would finally include teaching programs at children's psychiatric hospitals. And this week, I'm glad to say that this provision passed out of committee with bipartisan support. The next step is the full Senate. Learn more: http://1.usa.gov/17tULQg
Congratulations to the Boston Red Sox, our new World Series champions! And to have this happen at Fenway Park – for the first time since 1918 – is just incredible.
Today, I joined select members of the House and and Senate to reconcile the budgets passed by each body. In this statement, I urged my colleagues to replace the sequester, use delivery system reform to reduce health care costs (without cutting benefits), and close tax loopholes for corporations that don't need them.  Watch the video below.
This week, I joined 38 of my colleagues to call on the 2013 Farm Bill conference committee to reject Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) cuts for 280,000 children. Read our letter below.
I know that Rhode Island's coastal communities are still recovering from Hurricane Sandy and there is still more for us to do. That's why earlier this year, I brought President Obama’s Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Task Force to Rhode Island to assess the storm's damage in our state. And this week, I was glad to join our congressional delegation in announcing that with this latest grant the federal government has now provided an estimated $61.4 million to support Sandy recovery efforts in the Ocean State. http://1.usa.gov/1amB90H
I'm glad to say that today the U.S. Department of the Interior announced that Rhode Island will receive several million dollars in new federal funds for restoration and research projects related to Hurricane Sandy This funding will strengthen the natural defenses our coasts provide and make our communities more resilient against future storms – an important priority as climate change continues to cause rising sea levels that put homes and businesses at risk. http://1.usa.gov/Hkd65u
I was proud to announce a $150,000 federal grant for the Rhode Island Department of Public Safety to reduce gun and gang violence in Providence. This grant will help law enforcement officials reduce crime in the city, and will help keep Providence families safe.  #gunsense
Best of luck to the Boston Red Sox tonight as they kick off the World Series! #WinToday
I was proud to join Interior Secretary Jewell today at the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) conference, where we discussed Rhode Island's leadership on offshore wind production, and how this industry can help boost our economy and preserve our environment for generations to come.  #ActOnClimate
It was great hearing from HealthSource RI employees today about the Rhode Island families who are being helped by the new Obamacare insurance marketplace. Rhode Islanders who don’t already have insurance through an employer or a government program like Medicare can visit www.healthsourceri.com to see what options are available to them.
This shutdown and near-default crisis was entirely unnecessary and has harmed our economy and our reputation in the world.  I’m glad that the Senate was able to craft a bipartisan plan to move past the crisis, so we can turn to the real issues facing our country: creating jobs, supporting the middle class, and fighting climate change.  But we also can’t forget: we must never again allow extremist hostage-taking to create this disruption.  As Rhode Island continues recovering from the recession, we can’t afford these stratagems.
As of midnight, we are dealing with a government shutdown. While we won’t know for certain what a government shutdown will mean until it unfolds, we do know that it could affect thousands of Rhode Islanders and that there will be many questions. So please visit the web page below, as updates will be posted here as they become available. Unfortunately, during the government shutdown my office will be unable to respond to you directly or work on pending constituent casework. Once the shutdown comes to an end, my office will endeavor to respond to all emails, letters, and phone calls as quickly as possible.    Please share this web page with other Rhode Islanders who may have questions about the government shutdown.
Today, the Senate took the responsible step of passing legislation to fund the government. It’s time for Speaker Boehner and his House Republicans to drop their extremist demands – demands that were just the subject of the Presidential election which they lost – and join the Senate to do what’s right. As Rhode Island continues recovering from the recession, we can’t afford to play games with government services that our people count on.
It's time to push back on climate deniers and act on climate. Here are 9 of my reasons to care about climate change. LIKE and SHARE this BuzzFeed post to make sure your friends have the facts. #climatechange #actonclimate
It was an honor to congratulate the cyclists who completed the Climate Ride today. They biked 300 miles to DC to help raise awareness for climate change – and there were two Rhode Islanders among them! Thank you for pushing all of us to move forward on climate.
 #ActonClimate
A number of reasonable Republicans have gone on the record and rejected extremist Tea Party efforts to #shutdown the government over Obamacare.  Watch the video below and click LIKE and SHARE if you want to see this list grow.
As carbon pollution changes our oceans, the consequences for our states—for our fishermen, for our economies, for our way of life—are very very real; far more real than the misinformation spread by climate deniers. In my latest "Time to Wake Up" speech, I address the way carbon pollution hurts our fishing industry.  #ActOnClimate
Glad I could attend the U.S. Department of the Interior signing of the RI offshore wind lease this week. This is an important step in a process that could ultimately bring badly needed jobs to RI and reduce our dependence on fossil fuel. 
 
 #RhodeIsland  #ActonClimate
For far too long, carbon pollution from power plants has gone unchecked. And with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's announcement that there will be limits for new power plants, the EPA is sending a strong message to polluting industries — it's time to clean up their act: http://1.usa.gov/1a9QNcm
 
 #ActOnClimate
Mental health care matters. This week, I introduced a bill that addresses an inequity in our health care system: http://1.usa.gov/18EOJFX
I was proud to join the RI Congressional delegation today to announce $949,593 in federal Drug-Free Communities grants for towns across RI. We must continue to combat drug abuse, particularly among younger Rhode Islanders. Here are the details: http://1.usa.gov/16d3L4Q
Susan Farmer was a courageous and kind person. As the first woman to hold statewide office in Rhode Island, as an indomitable cancer patient, as the successful head of our public television station, she set a shining example for all of us in public service, and she did so with great generosity of spirit. She prevailed in tough environments without losing her poise or decency, and she will be missed.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the Navy Yard shooting, the doctors who are working hard to help, and our brave first responders.
I was glad to join United Way members at their Congressional breakfast this morning, where we we had a great discussion about the delegation's work in Washington and how Rhode Islanders can stay engaged in the political process. Thank you to United Way of Rhode Island for the truly valuable work you do to improve the lives of Rhode Islanders.
Using barcode technology to track assets at the Dept. of Defense will improve efficiency and make our military more cost-effective. Big thanks to Rhode Island's A2B Tracking and AIM North America for presenting me with the first AIM North America Automatic Identification Technology award for my work on this issue.
Climate change poses a very real threat to public health – both now and in the future. In my latest "Time to Wake Up" speech, I shared some of my recess conversations with RI students and world leaders alike about this important issue.  I hope you'll take a moment to watch and share this video. #climatechange
While my Tea Party colleagues tried to issue a "defund Obamacare" ultimatum earlier this week, I stood with my colleagues to count all the ways that Obamacare is already benefiting thousands of Americans. Please watch & share the video below.
On the twelfth anniversary of the tragic events of September 11, 2001, my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of that day’s attacks and their families.  We will never forget those lost.  Nor will we forget the selfless first responders who heeded the call to action, or our servicemembers who continue to protect Americans at home and abroad.
Cancer has touched the lives of far too many Americans. I really appreciated the chance to talk with Rhode Islanders who came to DC today to send Congress an important message: Invest in cancer research. I couldn't agree more!
 
 #cancerlobbyday
I thank Governor Chafee for his lifetime of public service to our state, and I look forward to continuing to work with him during the rest of his term in office. Sandra and I wish him and his family all the best for whatever the future may bring.
It's clear that the sequester is hurting Rhode Islanders. Thank you to everyone who shared their personal sequester stories with Senator Jack Reed and myself at our listening session in Providence. I will take your stories back to the Senate and continue to fight for the balanced approach to deficit reduction that Rhode Islanders deserve.
On August 28, 1963, the March on Washington and the words of Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. captured the attention and conscience of our nation. Today, the words of #MLK continue to resonate and we are called upon to keep striving for his dream of equality.  #MoW50
Back in Rhode Island after traveling to China, Mongolia, and South Korea with Senator John McCain last week! I spoke with China’s lead negotiator on #climate issues about the need to reduce carbon pollution and congratulated Marine Corporal Angel Madera of #Providence, in person, on his meritorious service award. For more details on our meetings and what we discussed, please click on each of the photos below.
Had a great time visiting with Westerly seniors today. Proud to discuss my efforts to protect Social Security and oppose the use of chained CPI to calculate benefits.
Nuala Pell's life of public service is an inspiration to all of us. I'm so glad that Salve Regina University is honoring her work by naming their Leadership Program in Public Service after her. I hope you’ll take a moment to read this The Providence Journal article about Nuala and her husband, the late Senator Claiborne Pell.
Enjoyed joining St. Rocco's church members as they celebrated their annual feast & festival this weekend.
Rhode Island has the fourth worst bridges of any state in the nation. Today, I met with officials from the Rhode Island Department of Transportation to tour some of these bridges in East Providence and see the need for federal funding firsthand. We must increase federal infrastructure investment to fix our roads and bridges and create badly needed construction jobs.
Happy 78th Anniversary, Social Security! As a founding member of the Senate's Defend Social Security Caucus, I'm proud to stand up for the benefits Rhode Island seniors have earned.
I was proud to welcome Nancy Sutley, chair of President Obama's Council on Environmental Quality, to RI today to discuss how the President's Climate Action Plan can help protect the public health of Rhode Islanders.  #climatechange
I enjoyed the conversation at my community dinner in Pawtucket last night, where I got the chance to hear from local residents and answer their questions. These dialogues are invaluable, and I thank everyone who came out and contributed to such a thoughtful discussion.
I had a great time celebrating the 78th birthday of Social Security with Woonsocket seniors today. I pledge to continue working to protect Social Security and Medicare for Rhode Island seniors.
20 concrete steps. That's the number of actions the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change is calling on the Department of Energy to take on climate change.  The President made it clear that he's ready to act on climate, our new white paper provides a roadmap for DOE as it implements the President's Climate Action Plan. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree that it's time for concrete action on climate change.
Join me for dinner! This Thursday, I'll be hosting a free community dinner in Pawtucket - for the opportunity to listen to you. Please click the link below to RSVP and use the SHARE button to invite your friends and neighbors.
Congratulations to URI's Dr. Alan Rothman for receiving an $11.7 million grant to continue his work on dengue fever vaccines. So glad I got the opportunity to tour his lab and hear about his truly groundbreaking work today.
Thank you to Senator Reed and the U.S. Economic Development Administration (EDA) for hosting a roundtable with Rhode Island manufacturing leaders, where we discussed EDA's new initiative to accelerate the resurgence of manufacturing jobs across the country.  I was proud to join, and look forward to keeping the conversation going as we work to retain and create more of those jobs here in Rhode Island.
28 years ago this couple went to Newport City Hall in Rhode Island to get a license for their business. Today, after 41 years together, they were finally able to go back and apply for their marriage license. Congratulations to this couple and to all the couples who got married in Rhode Island today!  I'm so glad to see marriage equality go into effect today in the Ocean State.  #MarriageEquality #RhodeIsland
In the face of the sequester and extended fire seasons, our firefighters are facing enormous strain on both their resources and their health. This week, the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change held a Climate and Wildfire Forum with firefighters, state foresters, and the U.S. Forest Service to learn more about the issues they face and discuss what we can do to help. I wanted to take a moment to share a few of the highlights from the forum, especially the testimony from our firefighters.
Big day for Rhode Island and clean energy! Deepwater Wind secured the rights to construct commercial wind energy farms in federal waters off the coast of RI and MA. The Ocean State is poised to be a leader in the development of wind energy because of a state planning process that engaged all stakeholders, and federal funding for infrastructure upgrades to Quonset and ProvPort. I look forward to where we go from here.
Happy 48th birthday, Medicare! Our seniors have earned these benefits & I will continue to fight for them.  Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree that we should honor this sacred promise to our seniors.
Our children deserve safe, structurally sound, and environmentally-friendly learning environments where they can thrive. I was proud to welcome U.S. Department of Education Green Ribbon Schools officials to Rhode Island today to tour schools that have been recognized for providing our students with modernized, green school facilities. We must improve school infrastructure for students across the state, and these schools are leading the way.
The Hope & Main culinary incubator in Warren will create jobs and help promising culinary entrepreneurs start their businesses right here in Rhode Island. I was proud to support this project from the beginning, and couldn't have been happier to celebrate today's groundbreaking.
The Rhode Island student senators from @ALAGirlsNation and American Legion Boys Nation are an inspiring group!  In addition to answering their questions about the infrastructure bill we're working on in the Senate, it was great to hear about the bills they're working on in their mock Senate. I was especially pleased to hear that the Boys Nation Senate passed gay marriage by an overwhelming margin. Please join me in encouraging all of them to stay involved with public service!
I’ve been proud to stand with Senator Jack Reed in seeking a fair resolution to the student loan crisis.  Senator Reed’s plan would have lowered rates for students today while placing a reasonable cap on future rates.  With such a fair deal on the table, I could not support the bill passed by the Senate today, which will allow interest rates to skyrocket in a few years.  Students deserve better. #dontdoublemyrate
In case you missed it, here's my latest Time to Wake Up speech, "GOP Falsehoods, Fallacies, and Fantasies on Climate Change." And if you agree that it's time to act on climate change, please click LIKE & SHARE to help refute the misinformation being spread by the far right
So proud to celebrate $800k in EPA grants for WaterFire Providence and the West Broadway Neighborhood Association to clean up polluted property and restore it into usable space. These projects will help revitalize the city of Providence. I congratulate both organizations on the award, and thank them for everything they do for the city.
It was great to hear from enthusiastic local supporters of President Obama's climate change plan yesterday at the Ocean Mist bar. We’ve all seen how coastal erosion and sea level rise is affecting the Ocean Mist. It’s time to fight back against the effects of climate change to protect this and other RI businesses. I applaud the President for taking steps that will help RI's coastal economy.
I'm glad to say that the Senate just confirmed Gina McCarthy as the next Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). As EPA begins the work of implementing President Obama’s plan to reduce carbon pollution, I know her expertise and commitment to public health will be a great asset, and I congratulate her on being confirmed.  Throughout her years working for both Republicans and Democrats, Gina McCarthy has always put the health of our people and our environment first.  During her time as an Assistant Administrator at EPA, she crafted several key health standards, including the first-ever mercury standard for power plants which is expected to prevent up to 11,000 premature deaths, 130,000 asthma attacks, and provide as much as $240 million in health benefits each year.
Good news! The Senate cleared the filibuster of Richard Cordray and confirmed him as the first director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau last night. I look forward to working with him to protect consumers from the abusive practices of the financial industry and ensure that the Wall Street banks are giving Rhode Islanders a fair shake. 
 While I’m still deeply concerned about the pattern of obstruction by Senate Republicans on everything from executive and judicial nominations to important legislation, I'm glad that the GOP agreed to drop its filibuster of Cordray and other Presidential nominees yesterday.
I was glad to join the Rhode Island Department of Transportation for the groundbreaking of the Providence Viaduct reconstruction project. The RI Congressional delegation and I worked to secure federal TIGER funds for this very important project, which will make I-95 safer for Rhode Island drivers and create many needed construction jobs for RI workers.
The American people elected President Obama to a second term, but the Senate minority continues to deny President Obama the strong cabinet he needs to get our economy back on track. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree that it’s time to end the gridlock.
Glad to join U.S. Department of Agriculture Under Secretary Kevin Concannon to kick off RI's Summer Food Service Program, which provides free, nutritious lunches for children around the state. To find a summer lunch site in your neighborhood, visit http://1.usa.gov/15bOGnb.
President Obama has said that he won't approve the Keystone XL pipeline if it significantly contributes to carbon pollution, but the analysis from the State Department contains significant mistakes.  With communities in Rhode Island and around the country already suffering from the effects of carbon pollution, we can't afford to let President Obama make his final decision based on faulty data. That's why Rep. Waxman and I are calling on the State Department to correct the mistakes in their Keystone XL climate impact analysis.
On my way to vote for S. 1238, the Keep Student Loans Affordable Act of 2013. This bill will make sure that the student loan rates that doubled on July 1st return to 3.4%. Here's what is at stake for Rhode Islanders if the GOP filibusters this bill.
On July 1st, some student loan rates doubled from 3.4% to 6.8%. Tomorrow, the Senate will vote on Senator Jack Reed's legislation to retroactively freeze subsidized student loan rates at 3.4%. The House GOP is pushing for an alternative that would temporarily reduce the interest rate, but would eventually more than double the interest rate. We can't do that that to the thousands of Rhode Islanders who have these loans and I look forward to casting my vote for Senator Reed's legislation tomorrow.
Today, as RI continues rebuilding from Hurricane Sandy, the RI Congressional delegation and I brought President Obama's Hurricane Sandy Task Force staff on a tour of storm-damaged sites in South Kingstown and Westerly. We had a chance to discuss efforts to rebuild and make these areas more resilient in the face of future storms. Many thanks to the Task Force for making the trip, and to the many South Kingstown and Westerly town officials for their hard work planning this extremely helpful tour.
Proud to take part in the 228th Bristol 4th of July Parade, the oldest in the nation! This is a wonderful RI tradition and I thank everyone who came out today to help us celebrate America's independence. Happy 4th!
I'll be attending two must-see Rhode Island events tomorrow – Bristol's 4th of July Parade and the annual Ancients and Horribles Parade in Chepachet. What will you and your family be doing tomorrow?
As of July 1st, some student loan rates have doubled - and that affects the 42,154 Rhode Islanders who have these loans. I'm working with Senator Jack Reed
  to freeze the subsidized Stafford Student Loan rate and retroactively apply the 3.4% rate back to July 1st. Our GOP colleagues have put forth a dangerous alternative. 
 Help make sure people know the difference, use the SHARE button to make sure people see the chart below.
We must defend Social Security benefits by rejecting the “chained CPI” proposal, which would result in a benefit cut for seniors. I was proud to join the RI Alliance for Retired Americans’ National Day of Action today to make this point. I applaud their work to make the voices of RI seniors heard, and I pledge to continue to fight any attempts to cut our seniors' benefits.
I had a great time at Fidelity's Serve Rhode Island Day at Slater Junior High, where over 300 volunteers joined students and teachers to fix up the school and improve the learning environment for next year's students. Thank you to all of today's volunteers for your hard work!
I'm so glad to have U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren with me in the fight to protect American families from sky-high interest rates. I hope you'll join us in this fight: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/Marquette
Today, by a bipartisan majority of 68-32, the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform. This is a historic step towards fixing our broken immigration system and I'm proud to have voted for it. Now it's time for Speaker Boehner and the House to follow our lead. Click Like and Share if you agree.
BREAKING: U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and I just introduced major legislation to protect consumers. It used to be that states could cap credit card interest rates to protect consumers from outrageous rates. A misguided court decision changed that and today too many consumers face abusive lending practices. Our bill would re-establish the right of states to protect consumers from sky-high interest rates.
Today's Supreme Court decisions are not only a landmark civil rights victory for our country, they are a meaningful step towards the equality that all same-sex couples deserve. I applaud the Supreme Court for standing on the side of equality and progress with these two decisions.
 Click LIKE to help celebrate this victory for equality.
The Supreme Court's decision today on the Voting Rights Act is a blow to our democracy. I am extremely disappointed. 
 Use the SHARE button if you agree that we need to fight to protect the rights of all voters.
It is long past time to fix our nation’s broken immigration system. Here are 6 ways our economy could benefit:
In the months leading up to our debate on immigration reform, I heard from leaders in our state’s immigrant community, as well as from business leaders and men and women who have lost their jobs to foreign workers. One message came through loud and clear: Our immigration system is broken. I agree, and that’s why I spoke on the Senate floor last night to urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan immigration reform bill. Let’s fix this. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCDmhaRaZjo&feature=youtu.be
Unless Congress takes swift action, Stafford student loan rates will double on July 1st. I am supporting Senator Jack Reed's legislation to stop this from happening. 
 
 Click LIKE if you agree that it’s time to renew our commitment to affordable education, not double student loan rates.
Today, Vice President Al Gore delivered the keynote address at my 4th Annual Rhode Island Energy and Environmental Leaders Day. We were thrilled to have him there and I wanted to share the video of his speech with you below.  And if you agree that it's time to move forward on climate, please SHARE this speech with others.
I had a great time at the Gaspee Days parade this morning! Thanks to everyone who worked hard to make it such a success. I hope to see you at events across Rhode Island this weekend.
This weekend, Rhode Islanders will recognize and celebrate one of the earliest acts of defiance against the British Crown in our struggle for independence – the sinking of the HMS Gaspee. Yesterday, I gave my annual speech in the Senate commemorating this historic milestone on the path to the American Revolution.
I was honored to participate in Barrington’s Memorial Day Parade today. Events like these bring our communities together and do so much to remind us of the astounding contributions our servicemembers and their families make every day.
  
 They have given so much for all of us, more than we can ever give in return - but we can keep our promises to Veterans.  As your Senator, please know that I will keep working to uphold our responsibility to Veterans every day, not just Memorial Day.
In yesterday's Budget Committee hearing, I questioned an economist about the consequences of a tax code with so many loopholes that it allows a company like Carnival Cruise Lines to pay a tax rate of less than 1%, while a good RI company like CVS pays the full 35% corporate tax rate.   His response: "There is a huge reward right now for engaging in a lot of these (tax) avoidance schemes."   Click Like & Share if you agree that it's time to close tax loopholes and end the rewards for corporate tax avoidance.
Staff: Sheldon’s prayers are with the victims of Monday’s storms and their families. He has reached out to his fellow Senators from Oklahoma about this tragedy, and stands ready to help with recovery efforts in the U.S. Senate. Please read the full statement below.
As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I'm glad to say that we were able to review over 100 proposed amendments, debate for 29 hours, and pass Comprehensive Immigration Reform out of committee by a bipartisan vote of 13-5 today. The next step is the full Senate!
Watching yesterday's commencement ceremony at Rhode Island College (RIC), I couldn't help but think of the RIC students I've heard from over the years. For some of them, a Pell Grant was the difference between attending college or not. That's exactly the difference Rhode Island's very own Claiborne Pell was hoping for when he successfully established the Pell Grant -- and it's the reason I will continue to defend Pell Grants in the U.S. Senate.
We had a special guest at our Portuguese caucus meeting today, Ambassador of Portugal, Nuno Brito! Rhode Islanders of Portuguese descent have helped make our State a great one, through their leadership in government, business, and civic involvement, and I was glad to meet with the Ambassador on their behalf.
There are two IRS scandals. The one that we're already talking about and the one that allows dark money to influence our elections.    Click Like & Share if you agree that we must address both of these scandals.
We're one step closing to establishing a National Endowment for the Oceans (NEO)! Today, the U.S. Senate passed the Water Resources Development Act, which will help us move forward on water projects in Rhode Island and included my NEO amendment.
Firefighters work tirelessly every day, often risking their own lives to keep our families safe. I'm glad I got to meet with so many of our incredible Rhode Island Firefighter Chiefs yesterday. Thank you for you service!
I was recently at a Senate meeting where I heard a member of our Senate community say, "God won’t allow us to ruin our planet.” Maybe that is why we do nothing to stop climate change: we're comfortable that God somehow won't allow us to ruin our planet. So in this week's "Time to Wake Up" climate change speech, I made the argument that we can’t ignore our responsibility as stewards of the planet God gave us.
Thrilled to announce that the Senate just voted to authorize my National Endowment for the Oceans amendment. This bipartisan vote of 68-31 is an important step towards protecting a resource that's integral to our economy & our planet. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree.
Ending breast cancer has to be a bipartisan goal. I'm glad to say I've teamed up with GOP Senator Dean Heller to introduce a bill that would take important steps to help end this devastating disease. And today, I met with the incredible grassroots activists from RI's Breast Cancer Coalition to talk about next steps.
Thank you to all the servicemembers and their families who made my 4th Annual Veterans Breakfast and Resource Fair such an incredible event! I host these breakfasts to hear from you, so thank you for giving me that opportunity.    And if there's a question you didn't get to ask or if you'd like my office to assist you with an issue you may be having with a federal agency, please reach out to my office at whitehouse.senate.gov/contact.
Tomorrow, I'm hosting my 6th annual breakfast for Veterans, servicemembers and their families. And this year, I’m turning it into a resource fair as well.  I hope you’ll join us.  Servicemembers and their families will have the chance to speak with representatives from various federal agencies and programs that provide resources to Rhode Island’s Veteran community.  In addition, my staff will be available to help assist you with any issues you may be having with a federal agency. For details and to RSVP, please use the link below.
Witnessed history in Rhode Island today! Governor Lincoln Chafee signed marriage equality into law, making RI the 10th state to do so.  I’m proud of our state for taking this important step toward equality for all and I hope we can soon achieve marriage equality at the federal level as well. Click LIKE & SHARE if you agree.
There have been a lot of stories in the press lately about Chained CPI and how it would cut benefits for seniors living on Social Security. Today, I went to the South Kingstown Senior Center in Rhode Island to talk with constituents and to let them know that I will do everything in my power to fight Chained CPI and protect the Social Security benefits they've earned.
How does Chained CPI cut Social Security benefits? In this speech, I break it down for my colleagues in the Senate.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnSwWVnkCeo
Extreme weather, rising sea levels, ocean acidification. Congress needs to make sure that our nation is ready for changes like these in our environment, and to do that we must be informed. In this video, Rhode Island witnesses from the Quonset Development Corporation & the RI Coastal Resources Management Council express some of their top concerns to Democratic Senators.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re4vRJCtqeA
Make no mistake: chained CPI cuts Social Security for seniors and benefits for our disabled veterans. LIKE & SHARE if you agree that we should oppose these cuts.
NA
Rhode Island's Heather Abbott suffered serious injuries at the bombing in Boston last week. Today, post-amputation, Heather spoke to the press about the road ahead and inspired all of us with her amazing, positive attitude. We're rooting for you Heather!
Social Security cost-of-living-adjustments (COLA) already shorthchange our seniors. Chained CPI would only make COLA adjustments worse.  I've teamed up with Senator Harkin & Senator Sanders to introduce legislation opposing the Chained CPI proposal that would cut benefits for disabled veterans and seniors on Social Security.  http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/whitehouse-cosponsors-resolution-opposing-cuts-to-social-security
Today's vote in the Rhode Island State Senate was a landmark civil rights victory for our state. Same-sex couples deserve the right to legally marry.  I'm proud of the RI LGBT community and their allies who fought long and hard to make this happen.  http://1.usa.gov/XXDdVq
Our disabled veterans deserve better than a Chained CPI benefit cut. And at today's Senate Budget Committee hearing, I made it clear that I intend to fight this proposed benefit cut with whatever means I have at my disposal.
Happy Earth Day! In my blog post for Medium.com, I'm calling out polluters who want us to ignore the facts of climate change: https://medium.com/earth-today/18241f3a78e6
Like so many Rhode Islanders, I have watched with pride this week as our neighbors in Boston have shown the world what Americans are made of: resilient in the face of tragedy, compassionate in their assistance of others, and absolutely determined to band together as a community to help our law-enforcement officials.   I hope you will join me in thanking our law-enforcement officials. They worked swiftly and carefully to bring those responsible for the Boston Marathon tragedy to justice, losing one of their own, Officer Sean Collier, along the way.   I know this has been a truly difficult week, but Boston has reminded us all what we are made of…this week, all Americans are Boston Strong.   Please join me in keeping all those who were injured, including officer Richard H. Donohue Jr. and all those we lost this week, in our hearts, minds and prayers.
It’s disappointing that, in the wake of one of the most tragic acts of gun violence in our nation’s history, a group of Senators chose to block by filibuster these commonsense measures – effectively standing with far-right groups like the NRA over gun-violence victims and their families.  I was proud today to stand with the majority of Americans who support efforts to get rid of background-check loopholes and high-capacity ammunition magazines, and I will continue standing with them for as long as it takes.  We must not give up.
Why will I be pushing for a high-capacity magazine ban in today's Senate votes? Because it can save lives. In this video of his Senate testimony, Colorado U.S. Attorney John Walsh testifies about the role of high-capacity magazines in Aurora, Tucson, and Newtown. It is a call to action.   Click SHARE to help make sure your friends and family understand the role of high-capacity magazines in Aurora, Tucson, and Newtown.
At today’s Senate hearing on student loans and the challenge of college affordability, I asked students to share what Pell Grants mean to them. I’d like to hear from you, too.  Do you receive Pell Grants? Do they make a big difference? And what percentage of your financial obligation do you think they meet? How important is it to your education?
My heart goes out to those harmed in today’s explosions in Boston.  Our first responders and many citizens responded bravely.  I know that all Rhode Islanders have our Massachusetts neighbors in their thoughts and prayers today.
Today, I’m glad to say that the Senate overcame a GOP filibuster, 68-31, to begin debate on gun violence legislation.  This is an important step towards giving the victims of gun violence and their families the vote they deserve to help prevent future tragedies.
Americans deserve a vote on gun violence legislation. Today the Senate votes whether or not to move forward on the gun safety bill – and I'm on my way to vote that we take action.
I made a promise to the people of Rhode Island that I would always oppose cuts to Social Security, and I’m going to keep that promise.  Social Security is fully solvent for the next twenty years, has not contributed to our budget deficits, and has no place in this debate over federal spending.  The so-called ‘chained CPI’ proposal included in President Obama’s budget is nothing more than a benefit cut disguised behind technical jargon.  While I commend the President for including some smart provisions in his budget like investments in infrastructure and the Buffett Rule for tax fairness, I cannot support a proposal that would force seniors to pay for deficits Social Security had no part in creating.
We owe it to the hardworking women of the United States, especially in these difficult economic times when every penny of every paycheck counts, to continue to fight for equality & pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.
When Rhode Islanders sent me to the U.S. Senate, I pledged to help close the Medicare Prescription Drug Doughnut Hole. With your support, we did just that and in 2012 13,834 Rhode Island seniors saved over $8 million in prescription drug discounts.
  
 Use the following link to view the 2012 interactive savings map by zip code and click the SHARE button to show your friends what we can achieve when we work together: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/savingsmap
In my sequester-replacement plan, I called for an end to Big Oil subsidies, the implementation of the Buffett Rule, and other policies that wouldn't place the burden on the middle class.  
  
 Click LIKE if you agree that the middle class shouldn't carry the burden while Big Oil gets a free pass.
Rocky Point Park provided so many great memories for Rhode Island families, and now, I'm glad to say, it will continue to do so for future generations. It was great to be at Warwick City Hall last week when the keys to the park were officially handed off to the State.  We were even surprised with Iggy's clam cakes in the original Rocky Point Park bags! http://bit.ly/XHpFOT
  
 What's your favorite Rocky Point Park memory?
In the Ocean State, we know how critical the health of our oceans is to our economy. Last year, my bill to establish a National Endowment for the Oceans — which would preserve and restore the economic and ecological benefits our oceans provide — passed in the Senate. This year, I'm reintroducing the bill, and in this interview with The Providence Journal I outline the path to turning this bill into law.
When I was RI's Attorney General, I saw too many young people in the criminal justice system whose lives turned for the worse during middle school. When our office adopted a local middle school, I also saw that there were ways to make a difference. That's why in the U.S. Senate, I am honored to be introducing a piece of legislation originally sponsored by Barack Obama, before he was elected President: the Success in the Middle Act.    This legislation would help disadvantaged middle-grade students reach their full potential by providing federal grants to underachieving school systems. I was glad to announce the introduction of this legislation at Gilbert Stuart Middle School with Senator Reed.
I really enjoyed meeting with the startup companies in Betaspring's latest accelerator class. Betaspring's work to boost American entrepreneurship shows that Rhode Island, birthplace of America's Industrial Revolution, can and will continue to be a leader of innovation.
I cannot improve on these comments from Rhode Island couples about the harm that the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) has caused their families.    Please join me in sharing their stories with others.
Today, mayors from all over Rhode Island, members of the congressional delegation, law enforcement officials, and mothers who have lost loved ones to gun violence came together at a roundtable to discuss commonsense steps to make our communities safer. Thank you to everyone who shared their stories today and please know that I will continue to urge my colleagues in the Senate to act quickly to pass gun safety legislation, including a limit on high-capacity magazines.
This morning, as we prepared for another round of votes on the budget, I made the case to my colleagues for passing a budget that takes a balanced approach to reducing our deficit.
Just voted against the Ryan Budget in the U.S. Senate.  Rhode Islanders deserve a balanced approach to deficit reduction, one that doesn't turn Medicare into a voucher system or cut Pell Grants.
Each week I go to the floor of the U.S. Senate to press my colleagues to take action on climate change. Today The Providence Journal wrote about my latest speech, in which I shared feedback from religious leaders about the moral obligation we have to act on climate change while we still can.
I often get asked how we can reduce the cost of Medicare without cutting Medicare benefits. The answer is Delivery System Reform. That means identifying and addressing sources of waste in our health care system — like duplicate care, payment fraud, avoidable hospital infection rates — in order to save billions of dollars each year, all while improving health outcomes.  The Institute of Medicine has created an infographic that drives this point home:  http://www.iom.edu/Reports/2011/~/media/Files/widget/VSRT/healthcare-waste.swf
 
 Click the SHARE button if you believe we should cut waste in our health care system, not benefits.
Really enjoyed meeting with Roger Williams University Law students today. These honor students asked some great questions about the Senate Judiciary Committee and I enjoyed hearing about their meeting with Justice Sotomayor, as well as the Supreme Court cases they sat in on this week.
These religious leaders, unlike Congress, are not sleepwalking through history.   Click LIKE if you agree that combating climate change is a moral imperative.
A little bit of Rhode Island history in honor of both St. Patrick's & St. Joseph's Days. Be sure to enjoy some zeppole today!
I had a great meeting with RI members of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America today. Not only did we talk about the gun violence bills I helped pass in the Senate Judiciary Committee this week, we talked about the fight ahead of us to turn these bills into law. It will take grassroots support to keep moving Congress forward on gun violence. 
 Learn more about these bills here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/judiciary-committee-approves-gun-violence-legislation
We're working on a budget in the Senate and there is a clear choice between the Ryan Budget & the Senate Democrats' Plan.  
 Click the LIKE button if you agree and learn more here: http://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/DemBudget
We pay for carbon pollution in far too many ways. Today, Rep. Henry Waxman, Rep. Blumenauer, Senator Schatz, and I introduced a carbon fee discussion draft. Our goal is to begin a collaborative process that results in legislation that not only reduces carbon pollution but also makes sure ALL of the revenue generated through the carbon fee is returned to the American people. 
 
 Learn more at http://whitehouse.senate.gov/ClimateChange and join the #CutCarbon conversation.
I've heard from so many Rhode Island small business owners that are fed up with unfair competition from abroad. Today, I reintroduced the Offshoring Prevention Act, a bill that will help level the playing field by ending a special tax break for companies that ship jobs overseas.
 
 Click the LIKE button if you think it's time we stop rewarding companies when they ship jobs overseas.
I introduced the Keeping Our Social Security Promises Act with Senator Sanders this week. The bill would ensure that Social Security remains solvent for the next 50 years by asking the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share into the system.
Thanks to everyone who made it to my community dinner in Warwick last night. I enjoyed taking your questions and talking with you about the issues that are affecting your families. I hope to see you again at a future dinner!
I had a great time at Pawtucket’s 31st Annual St. Patrick’s Day Parade today. Congratulations to the organizers on a job well done! And my thanks to everyone who took a moment to say hello and share their thoughts with me.
Reading to our kids is a great way to let them know that we are invested in their education. I'm glad I could participate in a local Read Across America event today at Warwick Mall. My book of choice was “The Cat in the Hat” by Dr. Seuss.
This Sunday, I’m hosting a free community dinner in Warwick. I hope you’ll join us. Use the link below for details and to RSVP.
Today, on Rare Disease Day, I had the chance to hear from Max and Sam, twin brothers from Rhode Island. One has hemophilia, the other doesn’t, but both came to DC today with the National Hemophilia Foundation to share their family’s story and to discuss the exceptionally high cost of prescription drugs for people with rare diseases. My thanks to Max, Sam, and their mom Barbara for giving me the chance to hear their story.
While there’s no question we need to balance our budget, we should do so in a thoughtful manner, not with a sequester that could cost up to one million jobs just as our economy is showing signs of improvement. Today, I made the case for why we should stop the sequester and responsibly address our deficit by closing tax loopholes for wealthy corporations, special interests, and very-high-income individuals.
Good news, the House just passed the U.S. Senate’s version of the Violence Against Women Act. The newly reauthorized VAWA will now include my teen dating violence provision, as well as important new protections for women on college campuses and reservations.
Really enjoyed meeting with this great group of Rhode Island leaders from Disabled American Veterans. With each visit, they make sure to let me know about processes and policies that we can improve to better serve our veterans. My thanks to them for a great discussion and their invaluable input!
Yesterday I was honored to receive Pancreatic Cancer Action Network's Congressional Champion of Hope Award for my work on the Recalcitrant Cancer Research Act. It was moving to hear from so many of the Rhode Island families who have been affected by these deadly cancers. Many thanks to Rhode Island Hospital for hosting!
Tens of thousands of people attended the Forward on Climate Rally in DC on Sunday. It was an honor to speak at this event and meet with the Rhode Islanders who used their holiday weekend to stand in the cold to demand action on climate change. Here are few photos from the event. Fans of Modern Family and Lost might spot some familiar faces.
This Sunday will be the largest climate rally in US history. I'll be there, and so will hundreds of Rhode Islanders who are traveling to DC to be part of it. You can join us on the National Mall at noon on 2/17.
The Buffett Rule is back. There's no reason multi-million-dollar earners should pay a lower tax rate than a Rhode Island truck driver. I'm glad to say that it's part of the Senate Democrat's sequester-replacement package.  Click the LIKE button if you agree.
Last night, I joined 76 of my colleagues in the Senate to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, which includes my provision to prevent teen dating violence. Now it's time for the House to do the same.
 
 Please SHARE this image to help demonstrate why we must move forward on VAWA.
The President is spot-on. The American people deserve a Congress that will, at the very least, allow a vote on the proposed solutions to the gun violence epidemic.
Tonight, I’m hoping that President Obama will reiterate his commitment to addressing climate change. That’s why my guest for tonight’s State of the Union Address is a Rhode Islander leader who has seen the local affects of climate change up close and has been working to minimize the damage to our coastal communities, Grover Fugate, Executive Director of the Rhode Island Coastal Resources Management Council.  Please join me in welcoming Grover and to learn more about him, click here: http://1.usa.gov/Z92DBu
I was glad to help announce $4.2 million for the Pawtucket Fire Department to hire more firefighters.  All of our firefighters put so much on the line for us. When they have the resources and the team members they need, we're all a little safer. This is a great step. http://bit.ly/UC1st4
The public does not want us to cut Social Security.  Social Security has not contributed in any significant way to the national debt.  And yet, some people keep putting it back on the table, most recently as Chained CPI.  This is a mistake and we need to fight back. http://1.usa.gov/Wt7B9I
 
 Click the SHARE button if you agree with Sheldon.
Today is the four-year anniversary of the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. It was a great step, but it's time to do more. Women still make 77 cents for every dollar their male colleagues make. And that's a difference that hurts too many hardworking Rhode Island families.   I believe every person should be paid based on their work, not their gender. That's why I'm proud to support U.S. Senator Barbara A. Mikulski's Paycheck Fairness Act.
Every year many people fail to file for the Earned Income Tax Credit because they don’t know about it…in fact, approximately 21% of eligible individuals nationwide did not claim the EITC in 2012. Today, in honor of Earned Income Tax Awareness Day, I spoke at an event in Woonsocket, highlighting information about EITC and free tax preparation help. While today's event was great, I want to make sure that you have the same information too. Please use the link below for EITC information.  Click the SHARE button to make sure your friends and neighbors know about these free resources too.
After a decade of women serving in wars where there are no front lines, the reality is that women have been serving in hostile environments and contributing to combat operations. I've met with some of these courageous servicemembers in Iraq and Afghanistan and I am glad that the Department of Defense is planning to lift its official ban on women in combat. It's time for us to fully recognize the contributions of all of our servicemembers.
Today, I joined Representative Henry Waxman to announce the formation of a bicameral Climate Change Task Force. Failing to respond to the threat of climate change – in the words of President Obama - would "betray our children and future generations.” Both the House and the Senate must work together to address this problem that has already affected too many families.
On Election Day, too many Americans waited in line for hours - just to exercise their fundamental right to vote. Today, I'm glad to say that I worked with Senators Coons, Warner, and Blumenthal to reintroduce the FAST Voting Act, a bill that would provide incentives for states to take common sense steps to make voting easier for everyone.
Among the performers in President Obama's inaugural parade? Rhode Island's very own Portsmouth High School marching band!  Click the LIKE button to help me congratulate them on an outstanding performance.
I am glad that the President outlined clear policies on gun violence today. Now is the time to take common sense steps like re-instating the ban on military-style assault weapons, closing the gun show loophole, and banning high capacity magazines. And with over 900 gun deaths in the United States since the tragedy in Newtown, it's clear that the price of inaction is far too high. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate on the President's proposals.
Rebuilding after Hurricane Sandy has been a challenge for many Rhode Island families and businesses. And while I continue to work on bipartisan recovery legislation, I’m glad to share the news that both FEMA and SBA have extended their disaster assistance deadlines until 2/13.
 
 To learn more about eligibility and how to apply, please use the this link:  http://1.usa.gov/RXXyIp
 
 You can also use the SHARE button to spread the news to friends and family.
In great news for East Providence and North Providence, the Justice Department announced an extraordinary exception to allow both cities to use their Google settlement money to shore up struggling police pension funds.
  
 I spoke with Attorney General Eric Holder and he let me know that it would not have happened without the compelling case Senator Reed and I made regarding the economic stresses faced in Rhode Island and in these two municipalities. Read more in The Providence Journal: http://bit.ly/UZK0uQ
Today, Sheldon joined the Rhode Island delegation to call for action on three common sense gun control measures they've long supported. Learn more about these measures here: http://bit.ly/WXTkOn
 
 LIKE this post if you agree with Sheldon and think it's time to implement these measures.
I had a great time speaking with students at Mt. Pleasant High School's Law and Society Class today. Talking with Rhode Island's future leaders about the issues affecting our state and our country is something I cherish. Special thanks to their teacher, Mr. George McFadden, for inviting me.
Today marked the beginning of the 113th Congress and my second term in the United States Senate. It has been my life’s honor to serve the people of Rhode Island in the Senate, and I thank them for putting their trust in me for another six years.  In the months and years ahead, I will continue the fights that I began during my first term: to support middle class families and the programs – like Social Security and Medicare – that they depend on; to boost our economy and create jobs; and to preserve our environment and combat the effects of climate change.  And through it all, I will continue to listen to Rhode Islanders at my community dinners and other events throughout the state, so I can better represent their interests and concerns in Washington.
