Happy Holidays to All!
Today I visited Beebe Healthcare’s Medical Center in Lewes and toured the Margaret H. Rollins School of Nursing, which is under construction. The School of Nursing building is expected to open in the summer of 2015. It will feature state-of-the-art classrooms and technology, including simulation labs. It looks like it will be a great facility.
Thanks to Joyce Westen, Florence Mason, Brittney Marsh, Linda Burch and the many other volunteers at the CHEER Center in Georgetown for helping pack gifts for seniors as part of CHEER's Operation Christmas. I was happy to join in and help for a bit as I traveled around Sussex County today.
Today, I joined Congressman John Carney and Gov. Jack Markell to celebrate that Delaware now has a national park that preserves and teaches the lessons of our state’s heritage and its role in our country’s history.  We also celebrated a true public servant, Russ Smith, the superintendent of the national park who is retiring after more than 40 years with the National Park Service. Congrats Russ!
Great news! Delaware has been awarded $35 million in federal funds for Delaware’s Health Care Innovation Plan that will fuel efforts to improve patient care, support the health of all Delawareans, and reduce the costs of care. Today I joined Jack Markell , Congressman John Carney, and DHSS Secretary Rita Landgraf at Westside Family Healthcare in Northeast Wilmington to make the announcement.
Thanks to my wingmen, Congressman John Carney and U.S. Senator Chris Coons, for leading on the way on this recent effort to save Delaware jobs. Read more in today's Delawareonline editorial.
There are still a few hours left to enroll in a health care plan that will have you covered come January 1st. Check out the options at Choose Health Delaware for a plan that works for you.
Today is the last day to get covered if you need health insurance that starts January 1. If you need help signing up then there are marketplace guides, like Angela, who are there to help you. Just visit http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance to learn more.
Today is the last day to sign up for a plan in the health insurance marketplace if you want coverage starting Jan. 1, 2015. Thousands of Delawareans, like Ray here, have signed up and found affordable plans that work for them.
The First State finally has its first National Park. Many thanks to my fellow Delaware delegation members U.S. Senator Chris Coons and Congressman John Carney for their help in passing this historic legislation! 1.usa.gov/16gnzfA
Today, I had the chance to talk to state legislators from the around the country, and one of our own, John Kowalko, about working together to pass the long-term transportation bill that our states desperately need.
Enjoyed a great lunch with Valerie and my other Delaware interns in the Capitol today. Are you interested in politics and government? Are you interested in an interning in one of my offices? We are currently accepting applications, so visit 1.usa.gov/1BwWrpa to apply today!
NA
If you need health insurance, there's still time to get to www.choosehealthde.com and enroll for coverage to begin on Jan. 1. And if you need help, seek out a marketplace guide. Today, they set up shop in the cafe of St. Francis Hospital helping anyone who stopped by, free of charge.
Thank you to the YMCA of Delaware for presenting me with the Congressional Champion Award for my work on the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act today. I had a chance to stop by the Walnut Street Y in Wilmington to meet with kids in their after school programs - a fun, safe place for our children.
Another successful Taste of Delaware in the books in Washington! Thanks to my wingman U.S. Senator Chris Coons and the Delaware State Chamber for putting on this tasty event each year. Now off to the real thing: Delaware.
I encourage shoppers to buy local not only today - Small Business Saturday - but any day throughout the year. I had a great time shopping in downtown Milford this week and meeting the owners of the shops in its vibrant downtown.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!
NA
I am so proud to see Incyte grow from a group of small scientists to a pharmaceutical company employing 500 people here in Delaware. Congrats to the entire team on your new facility in Wilmington - the spot many Delawareans know as the old Wanamaker building. It's amazing what you've done with the place.
I was thrilled to address the Jobs for America's Graduates (JAG)'s leadership awards today as this proud organization, started under the leadership of former Governor Pete du Pont and currently chaired by Governor Markell, celebrated its millionth student! Even better I was able to meet some of Delaware's promising high school students and their advisers involved in JAG who made the trip to Washington.
Today I had the pleasure of speaking with some bright students from the University of Delaware about leadership and bipartisanship. I’m always inspired by meeting the leaders of tomorrow!
Starting TODAY Delawareans can enroll or re-enroll in a health plan through the Choose Health Delaware health insurance marketplace. I encourage all Delawareans to visit www.ChooseHealthDE.com for more information and some helpful guidance on choosing a plan that’s right for you.
We all rely on the U.S. Postal Service on a daily basis, as do 7 to 8 million jobs in America. But now the Postal Service needs Congress to act to allow it to build on its unique history and flourish again. Watch this whiteboard video where I explain what needs to be done.
Yesterday's climate change agreement with China is yet another example that when the when the United States takes a leadership role in addressing our greatest global environmental challenges – other countries will follow.
On this day, and everyday, let's give thanks to the men and women who have served our country to protect the freedoms we cherish all year round. #VeteransDay
Happy 239th Birthday to the Marine Corps! And thanks to all who have served and those continuing to carry on the proud tradition of the Marine Corps today.
Today was the 101st Return Day, one of Delaware’s long-standing traditions. The name of the event dates back to the time when people cast their ballots in Georgetown, the county seat, and then returned two days later to hear the results. It is always held on the Thursday following Election Day as a way to mark moving on and working together once the election is over.
Dia and Eric Ames' business Zoup! is a great example of how the U.S. Small Business Administration can help small business owners. Zoup! opened in Wilmington with an SBA-backed loan through Applied Bank and created 12 new Delaware jobs and counting.
I had the chance to stop by Integrity Staffing Solutions, a Middletown company helping thousands of Delawareans find jobs at Amazon Fulfillment. Thanks to Sean and his team for showing me how they connect people with jobs.
Do you ever pass Amazon Fulfillment in Middletown and wonder what goes on inside? I got the chance to see the work that goes on and meet the great associates there earlier this week. A big thank you to Director Bimal Patel who keeps the 1.2 million-square-foot facility running with about 2,000 full-time employees. And great news – Amazon Fulfillment is hiring for the holidays. Amazon let me know that each year many seasonal employees stay on in long-term roles.
Last week, I stopped by Salisbury University to talk to political science, environmental studies and history students. Thanks for having me!
Thanks to Kent-Sussex Industries, Inc. (KSI) for doing wonderful work in the community. I had a great visit to KSI's Milford office last week.
Are you a federal worker? The federal government wants your input! Take part in the #GreenGov Challenge  to enhance sustainability in the federal government and turn your ideas into actions. For more information, visit GreenGov Challenge website: http://www.whitehouse.gov/webform/participate-2014-greengov-challenge
I am proud that Del Tech was designated a 2015 Military Friendly School by being among the top schools that go above and beyond to help veterans pursue higher education. Keep up the great work! http://bit.ly/1vll1li
It is critical that the Postal Service modernizes with the Digital Age to provide a reliable service that American communities and businesses can count on. The bipartisan Postal Reform Act of 2014 would restore the Postal Service to financial health and give it the freedom to innovate, compete and grow. Read my interview with Republic 3.0 to learn more about my push for Congress to pass comprehensive postal reform: http://republic3-0.com/saving-the-mail-postal-reform-tom-carper/
Delaware is fortunate to have been selected as a Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Early Access state. Owners of small businesses can today take the first steps toward offering health insurance coverage to their employees. For more information visit: https://www.healthcare.gov/small-businesses/employers/
As a 23-year veteran of the U.S. Navy, I am proud to recognize Navy Day and the dedicated men and women who serve to protect our country.
My op-ed with Sen. Tom Coburn on our proposal to fix the U.S. Postal Service is on USA TODAY. Check it out and share if you're with us on returning the postal service to profitability.
One of the reasons I have stayed healthy for so many years is because I always get my annual flu shot. Make sure you protect your family and yourself by getting yours soon!
Congrats to Megan Szabo of Postlethwaite Middle School for being named Delaware's 2015 State Teacher of the Year!
I am looking forward to meeting Delaware's top teachers tonight at the Teacher of the Year banquet in Dover! http://www.doe.k12.de.us/infosuites/Students_family/toy/default.shtml
With Stewart Ramsey, President of the NCC Farm Bureau, at its annual fall banquet on Monday night.
NA
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has just announced a new program to fund the replacement of diesel engine school buses. The new buses will provide our nation’s children with healthier, more environmentally friendly rides to and from school.
I got a tour of the Biggs Museum of American Art this past Thursday and the renovation looks great! Check out this Delaware gem during October – Delaware’s Arts and Humanities month.
Yesterday I was Principal for a Day at Lake Forest Central Elementary school. After the bell rang and the dust settled, somehow the school was still standing!  Thanks to Delaware State Chamber for making it happen - what a great experience!
Talk about it! I am during Mental Illness Awareness Week and really all year, along with NAMI Delaware. Join us by sharing this photo!
I’m encouraged by recently announced grants from National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Wildlife Conservation Society, & Doris Duke Charitable Foundation. In total, they provide $28.8 million to help build more resilient communities along our nation’s coasts. I look forward to continuing working with the President to make sure all our communities are more resilient to the changing climate - especially coastal communities like the ones in Delaware that are already at risk.
It was a pleasure to have SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet in Delaware today for Manufacturing Day. We toured O.A. Newton, a Delaware manufacturer in Bridgeville that has been thriving since the early 1900’s.
Thanks to two federal grants, the work of the state legislature, the University of Delaware and the Delaware Center For The Inland Bays, Delaware’s oyster aquaculture could be thriving soon.
Had a great time meeting high school students at Wings & Wheels on Friday and encouraging them to continue in aviation!
On Thursday, I joined Delaware’s new DNREC Secretary Dave Small, EPA Regional Administrator Shawn Garvin, and Jennifer Adkins of the Parnership for the Delaware Estuary to announce federal funding for wetland research. Wetlands are like our nation’s kidneys by cleaning the water and shock absorbers to our storms, and it’s important that we protect these vital habitats.
I was thrilled to talk today to WTS about the vital role women play in planning and building our transportation system and about the role Congress needs to play in passing and funding a long-term transportation bill. Thanks for having me.
Harvard School of Public Health’s new study shows that the carbon standards proposed by U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  would save thousands of lives every year. Delaware would be among the states with the highest percentage of premature deaths avoided. http://bit.ly/1pEpYSU
Come check out the seasonal job fair being held now in Christiana Mall. There are 35 employers looking for Delawareans to work for the holiday season. The fair goes until 7 pm.
This morning, Congressman John Carney and I went to the 126-year-old Aetna Hose, Hook and Ladder Company in Newark to announce a federal grant award that will allow them to purchase 40 new sets of firefighting gear.
This past week I had the chance to visit some hard working Delawareans at the Delaware City Refinery and the Delaware Fire School. I'm impressed and inspired by the hard work and dedication of these men and women. I've invited people across the First State to share the important work they're doing on Twitter with the hashtag #DelawareWorks. Check out some of their stories at http://bit.ly/delawareworks and join the conversation!
This morning I chatted with Bloomberg Television's Betty Liu about one of my top priorities: reforming the United States Postal Service.
Last Friday, I was fortunate to tour the Delaware Memorial Bridge The new coats of paint there will help to preserve the bridge for many years to come. Keep up the good work! http://t.co/n7PFOwvSBv
I had a chance to meet with members of the Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce yesterday and we had a great discussion about the importance of an efficient and reliable transportation system to their businesses and our economy broadly.
Thanks to the G.I. Bill I was able to attend grad school at UD, an experience that fundamentally changed my life. I want to make sure every veteran has a similar experience and gets the most out of their hard-earned G.I. Bill benefits. That’s why today I introduced the Military and Veterans Education Protection Act to close the “90/10 Loophole” to make sure for-profit colleges do a better job serving veterans.
We've reached 6,000 Facebook fans, click share if you're one of them! Thank you for your support!
Congrats to the UD Early Learning Center on its 10th anniversary of providing quality education to Delaware children so they are prepared for Kindergarten. I had a great time at their celebration last week on the Newark campus.
Today, we had a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on #DCStatehood. DC is not just a collection of government offices, monuments and museums. It is home to a little more than 632,000 people –more than both Wyoming and Vermont. These residents pay over $20 billion in federal taxes.   Yet when it comes to having a voice in Congress, these men and women do not count. 
Sam Calagione, president and founder of Dogfish Head Beer, has a great piece on Delawareonline about the advantages Delaware has offered his booming business. I'm proud of the business climate we’ve worked to foster and thankful for entrepreneurs like Sam who are seizing the day! 
Congratulations to INVISTA and the Seaford community on the 75th Anniversary of the World’s First Nylon Plant!  Workers at the Seaford plant invented and manufactured materials that literally changed the world.  I’m looking forward to new growth and innovation at the site.
Today, 13 years after 9/11, we mourn the precious friends and family we lost but also reflect on the sense of unity that, as a nation, we gained.
Women earn less than men regardless of any other factor. I support #EqualPay for equal work & that's why I voted for the Paycheck Fairness Act that builds on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act by closing loopholes that enable pay discrimination against women.  Share this graphic if you agree that women should earn equal pay for equal work!
Happy birthday to my wingman in the Senate U.S. Senator Chris Coons who never forgets my birthday!
I was proud to join Sen. Chris Coons this week to present Latin American Community Center President & CEO Maria Matos with a Congressional Record Statement honoring her work at the center, which just celebrated its 45th anniversary.
Yesterday I had the chance to meet the new members of the Modern Maturity Center in Dover and was honored to introduced by President Carolyn Fredericks. She runs a great center and had us all laughing.
This morning I met with leadership and instructors at the Milford Boys and Girls Club to talk early childhood education and how it leads to success later in life. The staff here does wonderful work in the community with children of all ages.
Over the weekend I visited the 37th Annual Nanticoke Powwow taking place in Millsboro with more than 40 tribes from across the country.  While there I was treated with an “Honor Song” and invited into the inner dance circle with Chief Bill Daisey.  It was very cool.
NA
This week, I sat down with USA TODAY Opinion to discuss a wide range of issues facing our nation - including our push in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for comprehensive postal reform, my thoughts on combating Islamic State extremists abroad, and more. 
I'm proud to now feature some Delaware artists' work in my Washington office so visitors here can see some of what the First State has to offer.  This particular piece by Laura Hickman depicts a Late Afternoon at Bethany Beach. I'd like to thank the artists and art holders who have put the work on loan with us, especially Chris Clark, Coastal Point newspaper, Fred Comegys, the Delaware Art Museum, Kevin Fleming, Laura Hickman, Larry Hinson, Tony Pratt, the Family of Howard Schroeder and thanks to Nick Serratore for expertly hanging the art.
Join us this Friday for a job fair at DelTech in Wilmington from 10-2. If you want help prepping for the job fair then join us tomorrow for a job skills workshop at the Wilmington Library from 10-3.
It wasn't long ago that I sat in Dr. Williams office at Delaware State University and we discussed launching an Early High College High school where students could earn 30 to 60 college credits before they graduate from high school. I was so happy to help announce the start of this high school in Dover today.
Happy Labor Day to you! Today we celebrate the workers who made our economy the strongest in the world and we pledge to support them in keeping us there.
Thanks to Tom Kelly, VP of the Milton Farmer's Market, Mary Kelly, Jim Crellin, president of the Farmer's market for having me out today.
Today I toured Delaware to view critical transportation projects across the state that may not move forward unless Congress approves a long-term transportation bill by the end of the year.  I will continue to keep fighting to see that we do pass a long-term solution because these projects are critical to our economy, mobility and safety.
The National Park Service celebrates its 98th birthday today. I was thrilled that the First State National Monument joined the National Park System last year and I plan to keep pushing for Delaware to gain its first national park so we can celebrate it along with the hundreds of beautiful national parks around the country!
There's still time to get to the veterans job fair at the Middletown Fire Hall. It's open until 2 pm.
If you're a veteran and looking for work, come out to the Middletown Memorial Fire Hall from 10 am - 2 pm for a Job Fair for veterans, hosted by Delaware's Congressional Delegation.
Recently, I signed up for my Social Security account with John Krestian at the Lewes SSA office. You can check your benefits, change your address, among other things online, instead of going into the office. I encourage everyone to check it out. http://www.ssa.gov/myaccount/
I'm so happy that the I495 Bridge over the Christina River has reopened ahead of schedule!
The Sussex County Airport's runway improvements are completed, and I took a ride over to check it out this week. I am proud to support this project, which received 90 percent of its funding from the federal government. It will help the airport attract more business and boost the economy of Sussex County.
Delaware and the world lost a great humanitarian last night. While many people knew Matt as a great chef and restaurateur, my deepest respect came from meeting him in his role as a board member for La Esperanza, an organization that supports the integration and empowerment of the Hispanic community in Sussex County.  I was both touched and impressed by his servant leadership and efforts to bring hope to so many both here and abroad. My heart goes out to Matt Haley’s family and friends and all whose lives he touched.
Thanks to the employees at the Goodwill Recycling Center in New Castle for taking me on a tour of their facility on Tuesday. As Co-Chair of the Senate Recycling Caucus, I was fascinated to see how the facility recycles and repurposes all sorts of plastics, metal, fabrics and cardboard.
It is an honor to be recognized by SourceAmerica/Opportunity Center Inc. as an AbilityOne Congressional Champion. I admire the work Opportunity Center Inc. does to employ Delawareans with disabilities.
If you're among the nearly 1,000 people in need of dental care in Kent County, check out Westside Family Healthcare's new clinic in Dover.
There's still time to get to the Veterans Job Fair at the Carlisle Fire Company in Milford. It's open until 2 pm.
Reminder that the first of our two veterans job fairs is this Monday from 10-2 at the Carlisle Fire Company in Milford. Read more at http://www.carper.senate.gov/veterans
Given that taxpayers are on the hook whether a project succeeds or fails, it is critical that we improve how federal agencies acquire, implement and manage information technology. 
Recently, I joined the new police chief Norman Wood to help announce a USDA Rural Development loan to the Smyrna Police Department to help build its new facility – bringing its force under one roof. This will ultimately help them better serve and protect the Smyrna community.
August 18th is the first of our Veterans Job Fairs this month. Join us in Milford from 10 am-2 pm. More info about the location and the employers that will be in attendance available on my website. http://1.usa.gov/1rF1Mos
It was a pleasure to stop by the Young Bean when I was traveling through Clayton recently. I learned how to make one mean cup of coffee from owner Eric Young, a member of the DE Air National Guard, and met his family and a few of loyal customers.
Today I stopped by the Senior League/ Big League Softball World Series in Roxana. It's a great day to play ball!
August 18th is the first of our Veterans Job Fairs this month. Join us in Milford from 10 am-2 pm. More info about the location and the employers that will be in attendance available on my website. http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/veterans
This week I was able to visit the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. Wallops contractors and NASA have been in partnership with numerous Delaware companies and universities; this includes UD’s leadership with the Mid-Atlantic Coastal Resiliency Institute and the Port of Wilmington and Spaceport Support Services liquid fuel system among others. I am very excited about the work they are doing and their continued partnership with Delaware in the future.
I want to thank DelDOT Secretary Shailen Bhatt for showing me around the I-495 bridge today so I could get a better look at the repairs. Sec. Bhatt and his team have done a superb job managing these repairs and, as a result, southbound lanes opened yesterday, a month ahead of schedule! Hope some of you are enjoying lighter traffic today.
Thrilled to help open the Delaware Joint Force Headquarters/ Armed Forces Reserve Center in New Castle today. This two-story building will help the Naval Reserve and Delaware National Guard with training, mobilization processing and administrative support.  It's quite an upgrade over the elementary school they have been using and I hope it's a space the Guardsmen and women can be proud of!
I just introduced the COMPETE Act to simplify, expand and enhance the R&D tax credit. This bill would update our tax code and help encourage private investment in groundbreaking discoveries that will propel our economy forward.
Today I was able to speak to a group of fellows from the University of Delaware about policy and their role in creating our future.
Congratulations to Roisin Liew for winning the First Lady’s “Healthy Lunchtime Challenge” for the state of Delaware! I heard she has an amazing Chi-Irish Shepherd’s Pie which celebrates her Chinese-Irish heritage. The recipe is healthy, affordable, original, and of course delicious. Find Roisin’s recipe here http://bit.ly/1o9r3kA
Today, Sen. Coons and I welcomed UDairy Director Melinda Litvinas to Washington where she was being honored along with Jacob Hunt as a "Champion of Change” by the White House. And they honored us by bringing some tasty treats!
Don’t forget to stop by the Delaware State Fair this weekend. Also, stop by my booth and enter to win a flag that has flown over the U.S. Capitol. Winners are drawn nightly. I will be there today, so stop by to say hello!
Please share if you know a veteran or their family member in need of work. Go to carper.senate.gov/veterans for more info.
As a former concert promoter, I am always interested in the music scene in Delaware. The Milton Theatre has some exciting things going on and is inspiring the next generation with its theater camp. Thank you to Fred Munzert for taking me on a tour of the renovated theater and to the campers for giving me a preview of their end-of-camp concert.
Employees should always be judged by the quality of the work they do and nothing more. Today’s executive action, which only applies to federal contractors, will ensure that even more American workers across the country can’t be fired simply because of their sexual orientation. 
Each year at the State Fair, I stop by the DE Farm Bureau stand to buy a delicious milkshake and this year was no exception. If you’re going to the fair, grab a milkshake and then head over to my booth and enter to win a flag that has flown over the United States Capitol. Winners drawn nightly!
Yesterday I was able to meet with Ambassador Ruben Zamora of El Salvador, Ambassador Julio Ligorria of Guatemala, and Eduardo Medina-Mora of Mexico. We discussed the underlying causes behind the recent surge of Central American migration and what needs to be done to address the root causes of what we’re seeing along the U.S. southern border.
This month Harrington, Delaware will be hosting the 2014 Delaware State Fair! Swing by July 17-26 for concerts, games, contests, and delicious food.
I thank President Obama for visiting Delaware today to announce his new infrastructure initiative. It is the responsibility of Congress and the administration to work together to maintain and support our transportation system. We need to pass a long-term solution to shore up the Highway Trust Fund this year: http://1.usa.gov/1l9rL1d
Bethany named by the National Geographic Traveler magazine as a beach where “the essential beach experience endures” http://bit.ly/1mMvW7A
Hard-working women and men shouldn’t have to worry that their health and well-being depends on the opinions of their bosses. I strongly believe that medical decisions related to contraception—like all medical decisions—strictly belong between the patient and his or her doctor. http://1.usa.gov/1nKzNCg
It was great to meet the employees at Bloom Energy in Newark this week. Keep up the great work!
I am proud to cosponsor the Not My Boss’s Business Act. In the wake of the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision this bill would ensure employers are not be able to encroach on a women’s access to health care. Share if you believe women and their doctors should make health care decisions and not anyone’s boss.
Today the Senate confirmed Shaun Donovan to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget. In this new role, I know Secretary Donovan will be a leader of integrity and intelligence as he spearheads OMB’s mission to put the U.S. on a responsible fiscal path.
Watch the hearing on challenges at our border now here: http://1.usa.gov/1qgvltV
For the second year in a row Dewey Beach has been named a Superstar Beach by the National Resources Defense Council.  Share this post if you've lived the Dewey Beach way of life sometime in the last two years.
"It’s clear that funding should be long-term and raised from a sustainable source of revenue, allowing for ample planning and enabling big transportation projects." ...Couldn't agree more...
I am proud to stand with Sen. Coons and Rep. Carney to announce funding for the Delaware Fire School today that will go for training tools and firefighting gear that hasn't been replaced since 1988. As co-chair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, I will continue to work with the delegation to fight to get the tools we need.
I would like to wish you and yours a happy Fourth of July! As we celebrate, please take time to think of our men and women in uniform who have fought for our freedoms for the past 238 years.
Recently I joined Jill Horner of “Comcast Newsmakers” to discuss the need to pass legislation to keep the Highway Trust Fund solvent, before it runs out of money at the end of summer. Watch it here: http://bit.ly/1mL5wOC
The summer is a time when the Blood Bank of Delmarva needs more donors than ever, so today I stopped by to donate.
As CNN reports, the Highway Trust Fund crisis is having real impact around the country as projects slow with fewer federal reimbursements. We in Congress, need to act soon to avoid a complete transportation shutdown. 
What a great day to welcome the National Guard members of the  150th Engineer Company home after nearly a year in Afghanistan and just in time to celebrate the 4th with their families! Thank you for your service to our country.
This morning I stopped by the Food Bank of Delaware's Milford Branch to pack lunches that will be distributed later today to children in need. Delawareans can call 211, text the word "food" to 877-877 or go to whyhunger.org/findfood to find free lunches near them.
Today, the Supreme Court created a disturbing new precedent that gives for-profit employers the ability to influence the health care decisions of their female employees. Women’s health care decisions belong between the patient and her doctor, not the patient and her boss. The Supreme Court got it wrong, plain and simple.
Today we announced $6.9 million for storm mitigation in Delaware. A great example of federal, state, and non-profits coming together to restore and preserve vital habitats and commercial waterways.
Congrats to Delawarean Kimberly Schlichting who today is celebrating one year cancer free!
Last year I welcomed the president’s comprehensive Climate Action Plan – and I am thankful that one year later the president continues to march forward implementing this plan to protect our environment and grow our economy.
It was an honor to introduce a Delawarean, Richard Wilkins of Greenwood, to my colleagues at Senate Finance today as we met to discuss trade enforcement, a topic vital to our farmers in Delaware.
On Monday, I stopped by the customer service company Sitel in Milford to meet with employees. They have 100 positions open and are hiring!
Today I joined 49 other senators in co-sponsoring the DISCLOSE Act of 2014 which would give Delawareans – and all Americans – the tools and information they need to know who is attempting to influence their vote at the ballot box. http://1.usa.gov/1yKR1UM
Today is the 70th anniversary of the original G.I. Bill. I was one of the 20 million Americans who was able to benefit from this legislation while receiving my graduate degree at the University of Delaware. As veterans today return from Iraq and Afghanistan, they will have access to new and improved educational benefits from the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill. Providing educational and employment opportunities for veterans will continue to be a priority of mine. http://1.usa.gov/1ptdd1m
50 years ago today, the Senate passed the Civil Rights Bill. We're still working to ensure that every American has the equal opportunity to reap the benefits of our great country and today's anniversary serves as a good reminder that progress is possible.
Delawareans want more trails for walking, hiking, biking, and jogging throughout the state. Now we have another at Cape Henlopen. Read more here: http://bit.ly/GordonsPond
This week I sat down for breakfast with Matt and Alina, two interns working in my Wilmington office this summer. They tell me they’re already having a great experience. If you’re interested in an internship with my office, go to http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/?p=InternshipProgram
Yesterday I had the pleasure of meeting Emma Rider, Monica Prestowitz, and students from the Charter School of Wilmington. They were all winners of the annual Jefferson Award which encourages and honors individuals for their achievements and contributions through public and community service.
The Clean Air Act is a shining example of how we can protect our environment and grow our economy at the same time. http://1.usa.gov/UMut6A
A very happy birthday to my beautiful wife, Martha! Christopher, Ben and I are very fortunate to have had you in our lives all these years.
Here's a really powerful article about two University of Delaware grads and their fight to find a cure for their 4-year-old daughter’s rare terminal genetic disease, Sanfilippo Syndrome-Type A.  It's worth a read!
In March, I joined more than 175 lawmakers in asking President Obama to issue an executive order banning contractors from receiving federal government contracts unless they have a policy in place that prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.  I'm happy to hear today that he will do that. Please share if you're happy to hear this news too!
Today, June 15th, Delaware celebrates its 238 year independence from both Pennsylvania and the British Crown. Happy Separation Day!
Thanks to @secretaryfoxx for coming to #Delaware today to see the plans to get the I-495 bridge up and running.
Fixing the problems at the VA isn’t a partisan issue. It’s a shared responsibility between Congress, the administration, and the VA’s leadership.   Today, the Senate took an important first step by passing a bill that increases accountability at the VA and improves services for veterans who rely on the high-quality VA health care every veteran deserves.
It's always a great pleasure to host the young Delawareans who have received an appointment to one of our service academies.   This is an impressive young man named Christopher Mahoney who is headed to the U.S. Air Force Academy. I wish him and the rest of the students the best and thank them for their service.
Here's a story that brought a smile to my face that describes Delaware as "the state that has arguably become the most aggressive at trying to ensure that its college-ready teenagers attend college."
Dover High School students are in for a treat with their new school opening this Fall. I had a chance to tour it this morning before heading to work in Washington with representatives from EDiS Construction, ABHA Architects and Superintendent Dr. Michael Thomas.
More than 5 million Americans and 44 million people worldwide have Alzheimer’s Disease, and without action those numbers could nearly double in the next 15 years. June is Alzheimer’s & Brain Awareness Month and I urge all Delawareans and Americans to get educated on the issue and work together to someday #ENDALZ
Last year 40 million Americans went to bed without health insurance. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act the uninsured rate dropped 22 percent so far this year and I’m confident we can continue to bring it down more.
I am confident Sylvia Mathews Burwell will do an exceptional job in building consensus as the new leader of the Department of Health and Human Services, and I look forward to continuing to work closely with her during this critical time: http://bit.ly/1i6AuA7
Washington Post Opinions: The smart and obvious way to fund federal transportation policy is to create a steady, long-term funding source to finance multi-year projects, one that relies on fees from users — such as a higher gas tax or a vehicle-miles tax. 
I hope this information helps to alleviate the inconvenience this closure is causing commuters.
Cleaner energy sources are crucial if we are serious about curbing climate change. With that in mind we must have a strong, independent agency that ensures a safe, economically viable nuclear industry.
I applaud today’s Clean Power Plan from the EPA, which will help unite our country in reducing carbon emissions that will have lasting benefits to both our environment and our economy.
Had a great time with the graduating 5th grade students at Blades Elementary School this morning. These kids are ready to take on middle school!
Today is National Cancer Survivor’s Day. Almost all of us have or know a loved one who has battled cancer, so let’s be sure to celebrate those who have beaten this illness and do all that we can to eventually put an end to cancer altogether.
Thrilled to be back at University of Delaware to address the 125 graduates from the Lerner College who received their MBA or MS degrees today. Congrats to all the grads and their families!
I want to congratulate two Delaware companies, GS-Tek and ILC Dover LP, for winning the President’s “E” Award honoring their efforts to support and grow our nation’s international exports.
It’s imperative that my colleagues and I find a sensible way to replenish the Highway Trust Fund and pay for a transportation bill that will continue to invest in infrastructure in Delaware and around the country. 
It’s important that we continue to preserve and support the First State’s beautiful environment and proud agricultural tradition. That’s why I’m glad to see the Farm Bill paying dividends with today’s USDA announcement that the Chesapeake Bay Watershed is a designated critical conservation area.
I was honored to spend this Memorial Day with some fellow veterans at Kent County Veterans Memorial Park as we paid tribute to our fallen heroes. Thank you to all who served and protected the freedom so many of us are fortunate enough to enjoy today.
Today we recognize our fallen warriors, but I also want to give thanks to all of the service men and women who have fought for and protected our great nation’s freedom and honor, and I hope each of you has a safe Memorial Day with your families and loved ones.
As you prepare to celebrate Memorial Day tomorrow, I want to remind everyone to think of the men and women that we are honoring who have paid the ultimate price to protect our nation, as well as the veterans still with us today.
Going to the beach this weekend? Have a safe, fun time.
#TBT to a 1988 stroll on the beach. Enjoy the opening weekend in our great beach season in Delaware on one of our 5-star beaches and be safe on the water!
Funnel cloud spotted near Hartly http://delonline.us/1nw1OLc via Delawareonline.  Be safe out there!
Happy to have played a role in helping Congress come together to pass the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, a great investment in our nation’s water infrastructure that will help grow our economy along the Port of Wilmington and offer more resources to protect the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
Starting now!
As a number of my colleagues said time after time, we can’t afford to place the burden of addressing climate change on the next generation. Every day we wait, coastal communities, like those in Delaware, are being increasingly affected. My colleagues and I must #ActOnClimate change now.
The longer we wait to acknowledge and address climate change, the greater the costs- both to our environment and our wallets. That’s why I’m proud to join my colleagues to Wake Up Congress for Climate Action today.
I’m proud to have stood with my colleagues and helped assemble warrior packs for our nation’s veterans. We owe so much to the brave men and women that have served Delaware and our country, and it’s always an honor to do my part to say thanks.
In a time when our nation faces daily threats from cybersecurity hackers, we need to enable the Department of Homeland Security to compete with the private sector for the best cybersecurity experts to protect our public institutions and critical infrastructure. I introduced a bill today to do that. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/RShFK1 
I want to wish a happy birthday to one of the three C’s of the Delaware delegation, Congressman John Carney! It’s been a pleasure working with you representing the First State and I hope you’re having a great one. Here’s to many more!
NA
I agree with Sec. Moniz and Admin. McCarthy on the need for investing in cleaner energy technologies and cyber-secure, weather resilient infrastructure that will both protect our environment and grow our economy.  Watch The State of Our Climate chat here: http://bit.ly/1jZKKOL
I want to remind any Delawareans seeking employment that Chris Coons, Congressman John Carney and I are hosting a job fair TOMORROW, May 19, at the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center featuring employers from across the region from 10-2.
60 years ago today, the Supreme Court handed down the unanimous decision in Brown v. Board of Education to outlaw racial segregation in our schools. On this anniversary, I want to thank those who battled for the inalienable right of equality, including those in Delaware, and who still are working to keep the right to a great education for all alive.
Today is National Bike to Work Day. And while the rain has slowed many best-laid plans, I hope many of you First Staters are taking advantage of Delaware being named the East Coast’s most bike-friendly state once again.
Whether it’s a silver bullet or a number of silver BBs, I’m willing to explore whatever mechanisms that will ensure congressional consensus to replenish the Highway Trust Fund and give states and businesses the long-term certainty they need. (Subscription required)
Great overview of our ongoing effort to write a transportation bill and pay for it. Our cities and states are counting on us to get this done.  
I have had the pleasure of working closely with Sylvia Mathews Burwell over the past year as she capably led the Office of Management and Budget, and I couldn't think of a person more qualified to lead the Department of Health & Human Services.
Delaware has highest rate of Lyme disease in the country. During Lyme Disease Awareness Month, find out what you can do to protect yourself and your loved ones from succumbing to this illness.
As I told the American Trucking Associations and the Association of American Railroads, efficient, reliable and affordable freight is critical to almost every business sector across our economy.
I’m glad to sign the final Water Resources Development Act of 2014 and send it to the president for his signature, ensuring greater investment in the vital infrastructure that protects and nourishes Delaware’s coastal shores and supports ports and waterways from the Chesapeake Bay watershed to the Port of Wilmington.
I am proud to celebrate Small Business Week 2014! Small businesses help foster innovation & spur our economy, creating nearly 2 out of every 3 jobs and employing nearly half of the private sector. Thank you to all the great entrepreneurs and creators that have made small businesses thrive in Delaware and across America.
Thanks to Taylor Vanvorst and the Vanderwende's family for teaching me how to make peach ice cream today at Vanderwende's Farm Creamery in Bridgeville.
I want to wish my beautiful wife Martha a Happy Mother’s Day and thank her for what a great wife and mother she’s been to Chris, Ben and me. And to all of the great mother’s in Delaware and around the nation, I hope you have a great Mother’s Day too!
As a regular Amtrak passenger, I’m thrilled to celebrate National Train Day! Rail service helps me and countless Delawareans and Americans get across the country quickly and efficiently.
Year one of the Chip Kelly-era went great, and now we’re just a few hours from the start of year two with tonight’s first round of the NFL Draft! Who do you want to see the Eagles select?
NA
I am honored the American Red Cross has chosen me as its Community Resilience Champion. In the last several years, powerful storms have hit Delaware and the East Coast, reminding us that it’s never too early to prepare our homes, businesses and communities for these terrible events.  I will continue my efforts to help spread the word and educate citizens to become better prepared for emergencies and life-threatening situations, and to encourage the folks who can, to volunteer.
The Delaware River watershed contains $149 billion in annual wages and provides drinking water to 16 million people.  That’s why Chris Coons and I, along with 5 other Senate colleagues, introduced a bill to create a program that strengthens the economic and environmental health of this vital resource.   
We're talking about how federal agencies acquire, implement and manage IT this morning. Join us live!
I was elated to see so many Delawareans come out to the Rehoboth-Dewey Chamber of Commerce Shred Event. The more we can join together for events like these, the more we can continue to reduce landfill usage and invest in an industry that has already contributed nearly $350 million to our state’s economy.
Even though every day should be a teacher appreciation day, on National Teacher Appreciation Day I want to thank all Delaware educators, with a special shoutout to Ronni Cohen for your guiding my son Christopher. #ThankATeacher
The devastating consequences outlined in today’s National Climate Assessment are too great for us to continue to ignore. We must act now on climate change to improve Delaware and our nation’s overall economic and physical health.
My colleagues and I must work together now on a real, long-term solution to fund a new transportation bill that returns the Highway Trust Fund to solvency and invests in new jobs and innovative public projects.  
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act and the more than 8 million who got covered, the percentage of Americans who are uninsured is at its lowest rate in six years! 
I want to wish good luck tonight to Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head, as a finalist for the James Beard Foundation Award for Outstanding Wine and Spirits Professional. After being nominated for the past five years, I have a hunch that this is the year. Keep on representing Delaware!
I had a great visit today with the Academy of Dover Charter School, named a Superior School. Thank you to the students for the great artwork!
I want to offer a heartfelt congratulations to Rehoboth’s Matt Haley who will be recognized tonight for winning the 2014 James Beard Foundation Humanitarian of the Year Award recognizing his tireless efforts supporting children in need both domestically and abroad. All of Delaware is very proud.
I just released my latest newsletter on this week’s Supreme Court ruling on the EPA’s “Good Neighbor” rule, which you can read here. If you’d like to sign up to receive my weekly newsletter on this and other important issues, you can sign up here: http://bit.ly/Rcy5g3 
It was always a pleasure seeing Daryl Chappelle’s smiling face on rides from the Russell Building into the Capitol. He was the ultimate employee for his professionalism and positivity, and I want to thank him for his 41 years of service at the Capitol and wish him a great retirement.
The late rush of enrollment now means 8,019,763 Americans are enrolled in the Affordable Care Act, including 18,614 First Staters! Improved, affordable health coverage for all is working, and it will only get better as more Americans and Delawareans enroll next year.
It’s Bike Month and I’m proud to report Delaware once again received national recognition as the most bike-friendly state on the East Coast and moved up from #5 to #4 in the entire nation. Look out Washington!
My Senate colleagues and I held a very productive discussion with freight experts from the private and public sectors that will be invaluable to us as we work to find a bipartisan agreement that will pay for transportation legislation that will help these businessmen and women contribute to our economic success.  You can hear more about it here- http://bit.ly/1mhoBd9
It was an honor to speak with Maj. Gen Vavala and the men and women who help protect the First State in the Delaware National Guard and thank them for their continued service to the our state and our nation.
After McCutcheon decision from Supreme Court, I believe we have no choice but to pursue amending the U.S. Constitution in order to improve our campaign finance system and restore sanity to our political process. That’s why I joined Senator Tom Udall’s constitutional amendment to return the power to Congress to regulate campaign finance.  
I am thrilled with the Supreme Court’s decision to uphold the EPA’s “Good Neighbor” rule that will help protect the health of all Delawareans and millions of Americans living in downwind states.  
It’s an honor to be recognized by the Congressional Management Foundation with a Silver Mouse Award for my efforts to serve Delawareans with a transparent, accessible web presence. Here’s to continuing to build an open communication with my fellow First Staters!
I’m calling on all Delawareans to help put a stop to prescription drug abuse by ridding yourselves of expired, unused medication today during the 5th annual National Prescription Drug Take Back Day from 10-2. Using any of these 31 locations across the First State, it’s never been easier to discard your meds in a safe, responsible manner- http://1.usa.gov/1jLxZ67
Delaware’s Bayshore is one of our state’s most valuable resources, and I’m glad these two $1 million grants from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will help allow us to preserve the area for years to come. http://1.usa.gov/1pxXa4G 
Happy Arbor Day! Delaware is blessed with beautiful parks and forests, so even if you can’t plant a tree yourself today, let’s be sure to do our part to keep our saplings going strong.
I’m thrilled about the launch of a new online tool that simplifies and integrates the wealth of employment resources available to service members and their families.  The Veterans Employment Center is the first one-stop shop that our veterans can use to market their unique qualifications, to connect with employers, and to find rewarding careers as they transition back to civilian life.  http://1.usa.gov/Qy8EFA
I am very proud to announce Emily Spain as my new legislative director. Emily has been invaluable to me and our entire team as my communications director for the past four years and I know she will do a tremendous job leading our legislative team going forward.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/RLFHHh  (Credit Tom Williams- http://on.fb.me/1jBq3nO - at Roll Call for the photograph)
Happy Earth Day! Let’s recognize the natural treasures of the First State that we’re all fortunate enough to share, and remember that each of us should do our part to keep it beautiful for the next wave of Delawareans.
It warmed my heart to see so many Delawareans think outside the cardboard box and show up to recycle their old electronics at the Barley Mill Plaza in Wilmington in celebration of Earth Day. If you want to find an event near you, visit www.carper.senate.gov/erecycling
Great story from NPR showing the power of love from man’s best friend. Wishing all the best to Jessica Kensky, Patrick Downes and all Boston Marathon bombing survivors.
Today, 73 Delawareans and runners from across the world will stride towards the finish line in this year’s 118th Boston Marathon. I hope the great weather, crowd, and festivities will help them reach their goal. Best of luck to all! #BostonStrong http://watchlive.baa.org/ 
Today kicks off National Park Week. Whether it’s the First State National Monument or any of our picturesque state parks, I encourage all Delawareans to take time this week to explore the great beauty and history the First State offers.
Transitioning from the battlefield to the classroom can be tough on veterans.  That’s why I’m glad that institutions like Rutgers University are providing student veterans with the resources they need to succeed in college and earn their degree.  Here is a great trailer that shows how Veterans House at Rutgers is helping veterans navigate the new challenges they face as university students.  http://vimeo.com/91553994
If you haven’t already, please check out my op-ed on the increasing importance of recycling electronics to keep our environment mean, green and clean.
I had a blast watching the hands-on instruction at the Newark Center for Creative Learning and seeing how excited these bright young minds are to learn about government!
I LIKE this post and I thank all of the children of military parents for the strength they show and help they provide for their families every day.  
The Affordable Care Act is working. There are 8 million Americans who have enrolled.   Share if you're one of them!
It was great to meet Will, Tim and the incredible staff at Autism Delaware!
It was great to visit Ashland Inc.’s Delaware offices to see what they’re doing to help produce sustainable products for businesses in the First State and across our nation.
I’m encouraged by a report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office which found that not only are 26 million more people estimated to have health care coverage through ACA by 2017, but that it will cost more than $100 billion less than previously projected. 
I want to salute Jackie Robinson on the anniversary of breaking baseball’s color barrier for displaying tremendous courage and making our national pastime even better.
As I reflect on the senseless act of violence that took place at the 2013 Boston Marathon, I am reminded of the bravery displayed by the runners, spectators, and first responders who made a difference that day. My heart goes out to the victims and their families, and while some may never recover, I hope that the strong support of their community has helped them keep their faith in the face of such adversity.  Today, we honor the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing by continuing to live our lives and proving that these cowardly acts do not deter the American spirit. http://1.usa.gov/1ilMKPS
Provisions in the Farm Bill are already helping to support local Delaware farmers and are providing delicious, healthy lunches to students in the First State. I had a great time visiting North Laurel Elementary to learn what the kids think. One word- “yum!”
It was great being a part of Lewes’ Historical Society awards and having the opportunity to honor Mayor Ford for the service he’s provided our state for the past 20 years.
I’m so excited that Little League baseball begins across Delaware this weekend. Here’s to a safe, fun season for all young Delawareans!
Do you want to serve your nation while earning a first rate education? I am now accepting applications from Delawareans who are interested in attending one of the U.S. Service Academies. Any soon-to-be seniors can go to http://carper.senate.gov to start an application online, and if you have any questions, you can call my Kent County office at (302)-674-3308.
I want to thank Secretary Sebelius for her service to our country. I have enjoyed collaborating with her over the last several years and I am grateful for the time and energy she spent to improve our nation’s health care system. I wish her and her family the best going forward.
It was an honor to host Paulette Mason & discuss the vital, tireless efforts she and millions others do in caring for our veterans. I deeply appreciate her and all volunteers who care for our injured and ill service members and will continue to do all that I can to help their cause. Read more about her work in this News Journal piece.  
Not only did more than 7.5 million Americans enroll in health care exchanges, but Delaware surpassed federal goals by enrolling over 11,000 people in the exchanges and over 3,000 in Medicaid. I can’t wait to see how many more get covered in the coming months and years! http://delonline.us/1euzjsr
 I’m proud of the bipartisan effort my colleagues and I on the EPW Committee are undertaking to invest in much-needed, reliable infrastructure that will help America connect people, goods and services.
It's always such a thrill for me to throw out the opening pitch at a Blue Rocks game. I hope they have better luck without me tonight against Myrtle Beach.
In honor of Delaware’s 5th Annual Week of Service, I encourage all Delawareans to do what they can to help your fellow First Staters and show the Delaware Way through volunteering and acts of kindness. Visit http://www.serve.gov to learn how.
If you've seen me around Delaware at a public event in the last eight years, chances are Laura Wisler was behind it. I am thrilled Laura has recently become my Kent County director. I know that she’ll do a great job leading our team in Kent.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1oHKhnW
I'm very proud to announce Bill Ghent will be my new chief of staff effective April 21. Bill has done a superb job of managing my agenda and leading our legislative team for the past seven years and I am confident he will be an outstanding chief of staff.
Today kicks off Water Week, where take a moment to ensure we're doing everything we can to ensure everyone has the clean, safe water that they deserve. We Delawareans are so blessed with Delaware River and Chesapeake Bay Watershed, so let’s do our part to preserve and protect our water.
I just voted with 58 of my Senate colleagues to extend unemployment insurance. Now it's time for the House to act.  Read my statement here: http://1.usa.gov/1qeZdrf and click share if you agree!
It was a great honor last week to welcome Dover High's Courtney Voshell to DC. She was recently named National Assistant Principal of the Year by the National Association of Secondary School Principals. Good to know the kids in Dover are in the hands of the best! Congrats Courtney!
Benjamin Franklin once said, “In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.” We’re just 10 days away from the deadline to file your taxes for 2013, have you done it?  Get help here: http://1.usa.gov/1oB47RU
I had the privilege of touring Del Tech’s soon-to-be opened Sustainable Energy Training Center and expanded nursing wing in Stanton. Preparing our students through job-focused training in high-demand fields is exactly what we need to strengthen our economy for the long haul.
This morning I visited popdot Signs & Graphics in Wilmington, a terrific new company building a brighter future for Delawareans by offering real-world training and career opportunities to former foster youth. It's great seeing local businesses reinvest in our community.
I’m hopeful that this tax extenders bill will provide certainty to families and businesses now to aid their planning for the upcoming year, while also serving to bridge towards broader reform that provides clarity for taxpayers later on. 
Today is World Autism Day. With autism affecting nearly three million people and reported cases of autism rising, it’s important to diagnose and treat autism early. Let’s light the world up blue and increase autism awareness.
I encourage any high school seniors or college undergraduates to apply for Dover Federal Credit Union’s new scholarship program at http://www.doverfcu.com/scholarship.php. It’s a tremendous opportunity for devoted students to get help with costs as they further their education.
 I'm chairing a hearing RIGHT NOW on what our government and the private sector can do to prevent data breaches and protect personal information. The hearing starts at 10 AM and you can watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1jUKFxp
Here is a great read: The New York Times explains the challenges that Bitcoin and other virtual currencies face as some people urge their widespread use. Who knows what the future holds for virtual currencies, but I am excited to see how they evolve. 
Today in 1967, the U.S. Department of Transportation began its operations. As Chair of the EPW Subcommittee on Transportation & Infrastructure, I’m proud to work with my colleagues to ensure that transportation keeps moving forward.
More than 7 Million and counting are now enrolled in ACA! We’ve come a long ways since October.
Rev. Donald Morton is just one of the people already benefitting from improved, affordable healthcare they once went without. Today is the last day to join him and thousands of Delawareans by enrolling at http://www.choosehealthde.com or at one of the events across all three counties.
Today in 1638, the first Swedish Lutherans landed on the Delaware River near downtown Wilmington and would establish part of what we now know as our beloved First State. I’m very proud of our great state’s history & the Delaware Way that still distinguishes us to this day.
How much money does the letter ‘e’ cost taxpayers each year? It’s a good question. 14-year-old Suvir Mirchandani did the math and he discovered that the federal government could be saving up to $136 million each year just by switching to thinner fonts that use less ink! This could be a great way to save money and ensure we’re getting the biggest bang for the taxpayers’ buck: http://www.cnn.com/2014/03/27/living/student-money-saving-typeface-garamond-schools/index.html?hpt=hp_t2
This is the last weekend to get covered by the Affordable Care Act and avoid the penalty! So click the link below to go to www.choosehealthde.com or one of the enrollment events across Delaware all weekend long and get enrolled in health insurance for you and your family.
#TBT to 2004  when insurers could deny and cancel coverage due to pre-existing conditions. Now thanks to the ACA 129 million Americans with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage.
Secretary Jeh Johnson has done an outstanding job so far as leader of the Department of Homeland Security.  I commend him on his impressive accomplishments at DHS so far, and I look forward to working with him to bring his future plans for the organization to fruition.  Read about Secretary Johnson’s plans to innovate DHS here:  http://bit.ly/1rG4I3V
More than 6 million Americans are now enrolled in private health plans under the Affordable Care Act, and there’s still time left to join the millions and get covered if you haven’t already done so at www.ChooseHealthDE.com.
Another social media milestone! Thank you for making it happen! Click share to help me get to 10k quicker.
It’s great to see Delaware take charge on promoting wellness in our schools and lead the way towards building a healthier tomorrow. Weigh to Go! 
Hey First Staters! Five days left to find a plan and avoid a penalty for you and your family at www.choosehealthde.com or any upcoming event across the state!
Happy Birthday indeed to the First State National Monument. Hard to believe it's been a year, here's to many more!
More than 7 million Americans don’t know they have diabetes. Today, on the American Diabetes Association’s Diabetes Alert Day, take a minute and learn your risk level for type 2 diabetes- http://diabetes.org/takeitshareit
There’s less than a week to get covered if you haven’t done so already. There are three enrollment events tonight in New Castle and Sussex Counties, go to http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance/Calendar#special-events to find one near you.
I’m very glad to see Dover’s own Kirby & Holloway Family Restaurant is making progress with its rebuild. I’m glad that they’re working hard to return and I can’t wait to sit down for a meal there soon.
My 32nd Caesar Rodney Half Marathon is in the books and here are the photos to prove it. Running it with my son Chris and having my other son Ben at the finish line made it all the more special. Congrats to all the runners!
Four years ago today President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act and millions of Americans and thousands of Delawareans have gained health insurance since.  Will you be next?
While I won't be satisfied until every Delawarean that wants a job can find one, it was encouraging to see that Delaware gained 7,500 jobs last year and our state’s lowest unemployment rate is now the lowest in six years.   Now we must continue building off of this momentum and ensure all Delawareans and Americans have jobs. 
Everyone deserves coverage at a reasonable cost, and with more than 15 choices you can find a plan that fits your needs.  Visit http://www.choosehealthde.com/ or an enrollment event near you before March 31!
I’m preparing to compete in my 32nd Caesar Rodney Half Marathon this weekend and I plan to keep running until I can’t. Here are some tips if you’re interested in joining me in this life-long passion of running.
With less than 10 days to get covered before the deadline, I encourage any uninsured Delawareans to stop by one of seven locations in New Castle and Kent Counties to have trained health guides help find the best plan and potential tax breaks for you. And with more enrollment events across Delaware added every day, go to http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance/Calendar#special-events to find one near you.
Sometimes #lifehappens when you least expect it. That's why it's important to #getcovered.   Visit http://www.choosehealthde.com/ to enroll before March 31!
I want to wish the best of luck to our Blue Hens men’s basketball team as they square off against Michigan State. All of Delaware is behind you, so let’s show the nation what the First State is all about!
An eventful day in Sussex County took me to see the runway expansion project at Sussex County Airport, the incredible work PATS is doing on aircrafts in Georgetown and to La Red Health Center in Seaford where I met two Delawareans who recently got health insurance for the first time in years.
On Sunday, I will participate in my 32nd Caesar Rodney Half Marathon benefiting the American Lung Association of Delaware. Known as "the granddaddy of Delaware road races," runners from across the country will race against the clock on the scenic route in Wilmington. While the hills aren't easy, over 1,200 people are prepared to go the distance to fight lung cancer and child asthma in Runner's World Race of the Month. Hope to see you there!
I am teaming up once again with U.S. Senator Chris Coons and Congressman John Carney to host employers from across the region for a job fair at the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center on May 19 from 10 am to 2 pm.  Please share to help spread the word!
Finding the right coverage and subsidies saved money & offered peace of mind for these Delawareans and their loved ones. Hear their stories get covered today at choosehealthde.com
Happy Birthday to my good friend & wingman on the Senate Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs Committee, Dr. Tom Coburn! It’s been a pleasure working alongside you all these years.
I enrolled in a health insurance marketplace plan and I encourage you to do so on ChooseHealthDE.com before March 31. Many Delawareans will qualify for subsidies, but the only way to find out is to visit ChooseHealthDE.com.
Please share: Any uninsured Delawareans looking to get covered should stop by one of six locations in New Castle County Saturday where you can get the assistance you need to find a plan that works for you.  
As I told NPR, what agencies are doing with unused government buildings isn't working for taxpayers, and I will continue to work with my colleagues, GAO, and the Administration on finding a better approach.
A new Government Accountability Office report that I requested, released yesterday on the third anniversary of the Fukushima nuclear disaster, assesses the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s Emergency Response Data System’s reliability during a crisis.  I urge the NRC to seriously consider the GAO’s recommendation that it upgrade its communications network so that our response teams can work effectively in case of a disaster.  
On the 25th anniversary of the proposal that launched the World Wide Web, I want to recognize Sir Tim Berners-Lee for giving us this incredible tool that has allowed information to flow freely throughout the world and enabled trillions of dollars to move through our economy.   Read more about how that came to be here: http://bit.ly/1njUEO4 
Today marks the 3rd anniversary of the accident at Fukushima Daiichi. I’m encouraged by GAO’s new report on our nuclear safety progress since the incident and hope we take GAO’s recommendations to heart to ensure nuclear power around the world continues to be clean AND safe.  
I support all of my colleagues who are demanding that we finally address climate change by staying on the Senate floor all night. I’m with all of you in believing it’s time Congress acted on this critical issue so we can protect our planet for our children and grandchildren. While we debate in Congress, I also support the Obama Administration's actions to address this critical issue.
One game stands between our beloved Blue Hens men’s basketball team and a ticket to March Madness.  We’re all behind our boys- let’s show William & Mary and the nation what the First State is all about.
Calling the uninsured in Sussex County: please consider attending today’s healthcare enrollment event at DelTech in Georgetown. If you can’t attend please visit ChooseHealthDE.com to enroll and share this image!
NA
I had the good fortune to meet Jen Hope and Dashun Jackson, two remarkable young people who had the courage to share their personal experiences on the critical issue of overmedication in foster care: http://on.wsj.com/1fdHvw4.  Voices like theirs can help ensure medical standards will be met and best practices followed in the interest of serving our nation’s foster children and their families.
Today, I stopped by the Delmarva Blood Bank and donated blood.  It only takes a little while and it feels  good to make an impact for all the Delawareans in need.
Friday I had the privilege of meeting and address the newest class of recruits to Delaware's municipal police. They'll be protecting us all across the First State from Bethany Beach to Dover to Harrington. I congratulated them on a big accomplishment and thanked them for their service.
I had a great time today talking to these students at John Bassett Moore School about the importance of reading during their Read Across America event.
A friendly reminder to any First Staters hoping to find work: The Delaware delegation is hosting a job fair in Wilmington from 10-2 tomorrow with more than 50 employers lined up to meet you or anyone unemployed you know.
NA
I am proud to announce that the President’s newly released budget proposal has increased funding for improving the Delaware River shipping channel.  This commitment to infrastructure investment promises to create jobs and invigorate the economy in Delaware and throughout the region.
Today, President Obama proclaimed March 2014 as American Red Cross Month.  Our Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs partners with the American Red Cross to make sure they have the support and resources they need to help prepare and respond to emergencies.  I invite you all to take some time this month to show your gratitude to all Red Cross volunteers, and to find out how you can become involved with the Red Cross’ efforts in your area.  Last spring, I visited the Red Cross’ Disaster Operations Center to discuss how Congress and federal agencies work with the Red Cross in the wake of disasters.
I had the pleasure of meeting two bright young Delawareans from Concord HS today, Christian Orellana & Domenic Lutz, who created a device that streamlines efficiency while keeping jobs for the disabled by assisting those with dexterity and motor skills issues package magnets cleanly
I’ve always felt Delawareans and all Americans have a right to know who’s funding our campaigns.  It’s time that we stop allowing special interest groups from having a disproportionate influence over our political process through unlimited, secretive spending.
The hearing I'm leading on Electronics Recycling has been rescheduled to begin at 1:00 p.m. Join me and watch it live:http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/hearings/recycling-electronics-a-common-sense-solution-for-enhancing-government-efficiency-and-protecting-our-environment
Today I'll be holding a hearing on recycling electronics in a way that's efficient and friendly to the environment. Join me at 1:30 p.m.
As a long-time supporter of smart investments in transportation, I applaud President Obama’s proposed reauthorization of our nation’s federal transportation program that will expand economic opportunities for both businesses and workers.  
As sad as I am to leave my chairmanship of EPW’s Clean Air subcommittee, I’m excited to replace my friend, Ambassador Baucus, as the new chair of the Transportation & Infrastructure subcommittee as we work to continue investment in more efficient, effective transportation projects.
It was a great honor to spend time with my friends at the YMCA this morning and receive their Congressional Champion Award for my work on reducing obesity.
I have long believed that reducing obesity is key to improving health and lowering healthcare costs. So I am thrilled that obesity among young children has dropped 43% over the last decade. 
Here's some good advice on an important topic in the spotlight this week. Have a read: http://1.usa.gov/Mpnxat
Today I learned Rep. John Dingell will retire after 60 years of serving the people of Michigan in the House of Representatives. Over the years, I’ve had the pleasure of working with him on issues ranging from reforming healthcare to strengthening America’s auto industry to protecting our clean air and it was always a pleasure working with “The Chairman.” He will be missed.
Last call for those interested in learning more about funding from the public and private sector to join this morning at Delaware State in the Martin Lither King Jr. Student Center.
I’d like to send the best to all six men’s and women’s basketball players who’ll be playing their last home game at the BOB today.  I appreciate your years of proudly representing UD on the hardwood.  Go Hens!
Another successful Academy Night in the books. Click here to see more photos from the 13th Annual U.S. Service Academy Information Night: http://bit.ly/1gkDKqV
Tonight is a great opportunity for our leaders of tomorrow to get started down that path. Please share this photo to get the word out to those future leaders!
Glad to see President taking important steps to help US adapt to new climate reality. 
I’m proud of fellow Delawarean Congressman John Carney for paying homage to our nation’s veterans by personally delivering more than 1,000 letters written by our Delaware grade-schoolers for his 3rd annual Valentines for Vets event.
It’s an exciting time to be a Blue Hen:  Men’s basketball has won 12 straight and is still undefeated in conference play!  Come out to the Bob tonight and support the Hens as we try to keep the streak alive!
Proud to join up with the Delaware Congressional Delegation and Brandywine Counseling and Community Services to host employers from all around the region at a job fair in Wilmington on March 7 from 10 am to 2 pm.  Please share to help spread the news about this important event!
One of my favorite days of the year!
Snow and ice are the news of the day, but extreme weather can happen during any season. Today I will be chairing a hearing on what our government is doing to prepare for weather disasters. The hearing starts at 10 AM and you can watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1h5wTGW
I have long believed that we can protect our environment and public health and grow our economy and I’ve voted accordingly to help Delaware and our nation.  I am proud that the League of Conservation Voters recognized my commitment to a clean, healthy environment.
Happy to talk with federal workers this morning who despite tremendous challenges in the last year remain dedicated to serving our country! #AFGEontheHill2014
One of the highest honors of representing you in Washington is nominating young men and women from Delaware’s finest to represent our state at our excellent service academies. To learn about this year’s nominees, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1backqm
I take the train into Union Station every day from Wilmington and Amtrak’s commitment to new infrastructure is great to see.  With this new energy-efficient locomotive that has parts from 23 states, I am more excited than ever about my ride to work.
Good luck to Team USA in Sochi! We’ll all be watching and cheering from home. We know you’ll make us proud!
I’d like to thank Dr. Coburn and all of my colleagues on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, as well as their staffs, for working tirelessly over the past few months to draft and pass a postal reform bill through committee. This is legislation that both parties can get behind as we work to help this proud American institution thrive for decades to come.
Max Baucus has been a good friend and a great partner for the 13 years that I’ve been fortunate to spend with him in the Senate.  I want to thank him for his service to Montana, and we look forward to his next great tenure of service as Ambassador to China.
I was happy to see Vice President Biden promote the need for infrastructure investment at the unveiling of Amtrak’s new Cities Sprinter locomotive.  Amtrak has been a staple for Joe and I and thousands of Delawareans to efficiently move throughout the country, creating jobs for so many hard-working Americans.
I am thrilled with the news today that CVS Caremark has chosen to stand alongside all of us working to make a healthier Delaware and America with the decision to cease tobacco sales in its stores.    
I am proud to welcome SolarCity to Delaware.  I have worked hard to help make our state a leader in clean air and energy, and it’s great to add a private enterprise that is also working toward that goal. 
I was happy to vote to pass the Farm Bill today to help millions of Americans and thousands of Delawareans working in agriculture.  This bill reduces our deficit and supports access to healthy foods and conservation across the country. 
Today we recognize #WorldCancerDay – a time to honor those we have lost, commit to continuing our groundbreaking research, and keep fighting for a cure as we never lose hope.
Stories like this are why I was proud to support the Affordable Care Act – preventative care is something that all Americans should have access to and will help lower healthcare costs.   I think we can expect many more stories, like these, as millions of Americans begin to see the benefits of having healthcare for the first time ever.
Today, women in this country still only earn 77 cents for every dollar men earn. Five years ago, I voted in favor of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act to fix that and ensure women earn equal pay for equal work.   Let’s keep pushing to close this gap because, as President Obama said last night, “…when women succeed, America succeeds.”
Tune in now as I chair a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to mark up the Postal Reform Act of 2013.
Tonight I thought the President delivered a superb #SOTU. Read more of my specific reactions by clicking on the photo or link below!
Couldn't have said it better myself!
Tune in here to watch tonight's #SOTU: http://www.whitehouse.gov/sotu  I'll have my reaction shortly after the President finishes.
I’m thrilled to announce Lori James as my new state director, promoted from her Kent County district director position. She’s been a part of my team for more than 20 years and I know she’ll continue to put Delawareans first and help me better serve the First State in her new role!  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1lhlNR0
I’ll be attending President Obama’s State of the Union Address tonight. What issues do you think he should address and what are the issues that Congress should tackle this year?
Today I toured Professor Richard Wool's lab at UD where he is working on creating materials from less toxic and more renewable sources - work that won him the EPA's Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge.
Congrats to Parthiban and Pradip, serial entrepreneurs who took advantage of an SBA loan to start their latest venture, The Green Turtle in Dover. It represents 140 jobs and another great example of government fostering private investment in our community.
Today, millions of Americans are better off with the Affordable Care Act. Under the law, individuals have received better protections and access to health care, and new options for affordable coverage that did not previously exist.
Today, Sen. Chris Coons and I co-hosted our 16th delegation job fair. The atmosphere is much more hopeful at the 16th than it was at the 1st.
Thanks to my wingman, U.S. Senator Chris Coons, for surprising me with this delicious birthday cake as we had lunch today at Dover's brand new Green Turtle.
Reminder: Senator Coons and I will be co-hosting a job fair today at Delaware Technical Community College in Dover. Please come and share with your networks!
Last week I was proud to join Sen. Mary Landrieu and 14 others in sponsoring a resolution designating January 2014 as "National Mentoring Month."  Today I highlight one great mentoring relationship in our state. between Sgt. Shannon Daniels Korey Bishop, a 12th grader readying for graduation at William Penn High School. Keep up the good work!
Hope you're staying safe and warm today! Here are 10 steps to stay safe during Winter Storm Janus from our friends at the Red Cross.
Today,  I am honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. by joining millions of Americans in a day of service. How are you honoring Dr. King?
 
 Read more about how you can here: http://1.usa.gov/1mlI7nu
In the second of two parts with John Taylor and Content Delaware, I talk about my priorities for the First State, including strengthening the economic recovery. Click below to watch!
In the first of a two-part interview, I talk to John Taylor about the Delaware Way and my role chairing the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee. Take a look!
Today, our climate change debates are focused on the science – instead of the solutions.  Our debates focus on backsliding current clean air laws instead of improving them.   Essentially, we are back to debating whether we can have a strong economy OR a clean environment.  History has shown this is a false choice. 
Today, Senator Roy Blunt and I introduced the Data Security Act of 2014, which will establish clear rules of the road to help prevent and respond to the growing issues of data breach. As recent incidents remind us, major data breaches that compromise consumers’ identities and financial security are becoming more routine.   Read more about the bipartisan and comprehensive approach we propose by clicking below!
Delaware’s own, The News Journal, explores the potential and appeal of Bitcoin. It’s a great article, and well worth a read.
Good news for Delaware's Volunteer Fire Departments came out today from the Treasury Department - http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=15591b4a-7ae1-41d4-a0f9-9dc22308a34d
Flu season is here. Make sure you get your flu shot if you haven't already, and follow some important tips for how to keep you and your family healthy this flu season.
January is National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. Sadly, these terrible crimes are still prevalent throughout the world, including here in the United States.   Last year, I held a hearing to look at what we can do to end these disgusting acts once and for all.
I got the chance to meet with Sen. Cory Booker, the new junior senator from New Jersey, today and he was good enough to laugh at my jokes. Welcome to the Senate!
Today I voted to extend emergency unemployment benefits for an additional three months for the 1.3 million Americans and 3,600 Delawareans who saw this vital assistance lapse just a few days after Christmas.   At a time when unemployment remains far too high in far too many states, it doesn’t make sense to abruptly end these emergency benefits.
Big news for you gamers and #bitcoin users. Zynga will allow you to purchase some games with bitcoin on a trial basis.
NA
Happy New Year! Looking forward to a great 2014 and back on a busy 2013. 
 
 Take a look at my Twitter year in review here: http://bit.ly/18Y5Ol8
I love the holidays because I get the opportunity to spend time with friends and family and catch up with the people I love.  Happy Holidays to you and yours!
Here's the fifth of five ACA benefits for the First State.
 
 Find out more and enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance
TODAY is the last day to sign-up to get health insurance through the marketplace on Jan. 1. Enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance
 
 Here's the fourth of five ACA benefits for the First State.
Deadline is TOMORROW to get health insurance through the marketplace on Jan. 1. Enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance
 
 Here's the third of five ACA benefits for the First State.
Remember: To get health insurance through the marketplace on Jan. 1, you must enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance by Monday, Dec. 23.
 
 Here's the second of five ACA benefits for the First State.
Remember: To get health insurance through the marketplace on Jan. 1, you must enroll at http://www.choosehealthde.com/Health-Insurance by Monday, Dec. 23.
 
 Here's the first of five ACA benefits for the First State.
I started out today by joining Peter Cook on Bloomberg TV to discuss Bitcoin and the bipartisan budget that the Senate passed yesterday.   You can check out the interview here: http://youtu.be/BFJAWenViUs
Today I joined 63 of my colleagues to pass the Bipartisan Budget Act to return the appropriations process to regular order over the next two years. I’m hopeful this bipartisan bill will prevent another harmful and unnecessary government shutdown.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1i2oCma
The Affordable Care Act requires insurers to spend at least 80% of your premiums on medical care and refund you when they don’t. 
 
 8.5 million Americans received a rebate this year as a result.
There are more than 7 million seniors in Medicare who have saved more than $9 billion on prescription drugs thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
 
 That includes nearly 17,000 Delawareans who have saved a collective $17 million!
Today, I was proud to take to speak on the Senate floor to urge my Senate colleagues to confirm Jeh Johnson to be as Secretary of Homeland Security. He is a strong leader with good values and a deep commitment to public service and I am confident in his ability to fulfill the duties of Secretary effectively.
As we remember #Newtown one year later, we can be proud that the First State has taken action to strengthen background checks. Now it's time for Congress to do the same.  See what’s happened in your state here: http://slate.me/1c1KjRb
Today marks the 1-year anniversary of the unfathomable tragedy that occurred at Sandy Hook Elementary in #Newtown, CT. As a strong supporter of the 2nd Amendment, I believe we can take common sense steps to reduce gun violence in this country while still protecting our constitutional right to bear arms. Through expanded background checks and access to better mental health treatment options, we can achieve this goal. 
 
 I remain committed to this cause and will keep working with my colleagues on efforts to improve gun safety, protect our communities, and keep our children safe.
Do you have health insurance secured for 2014? You have until Dec. 23 to register for the health insurance marketplace. Get the details here: http://1.usa.gov/1bDlxEc
 
 Sign-up for more updates like this here: http://bit.ly/1csdozZ
Thanks to the students from St. John's Lutheran School for stopping by the Senate Hart Office Building yesterday - always a joy to talk with young people about what we're doing in Washington.
The Department of Homeland Security will pass a clean financial audit in the first time in its history. DHS leadership deserves a big pat on the back for making this a priority. This is a huge step in preventing waste, fraud and abuse at this critical agency.
A look up Delaware Avenue, where here on a snowy day in Washington, we're open for business. Stay safe and warm!
Tonight I had the pleasure of attending one of my favorite events of the year: Taste of Delaware. Thanks to U.S. Senator Chris Coons and the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce for bringing all these tasty treats from the First State to our nation's capital.
Delaware’s located at the end of what I call “America’s tailpipe” when it comes to air pollution, causing health issues for our residents and creating an uneven playing field for businesses.   That’s why I’m joining an effort urging the EPA to take action now by requiring upwind states to reduce their emissions.
It was great to be in my home county, New Castle County, today where I visited Appoquinimink High School, the MOT Senior Center and the new Christiana Care's new Middletown emergency department.
Thinking of Nelson Mandela, who I just learned has died. He was an inspiration to us all and will be for years to come. My prayers are with him and his family.
A few months back I met an impressive young man named Braeden Mannering who is working to feed the hungry of Delaware. I wrote to Braeden to thank him for the great work he’s doing. I’m touched by his response. Click below to see it.
NA
Yesterday, I spent some time in Sussex County with members of two different generations, in visiting seniors at Long Neck CHEER Center and students at Shields Elementary in Lewes. Both groups were great!
The recent hearing I chaired on the benefits and risks of virtual currency raised a lot of questions but also helped generate answers in understanding this emerging technology. I look forward to learning more in the coming months.
Today marks the 150th anniversary of the completion of the U.S. Capitol Dome. I was fortunate enough to take a tour to the top recently. Nice view, huh?
HIV/AIDS shouldn't restrict people from gaining access to health insurance and thanks to the Affordable Care Act, they no longer do. Click here to learn more about federal resources available this #WorldAIDSDay. http://1.usa.gov/1k2LAX8
#CyberMonday is a great time to snag some holiday deals, but it is also a time when online criminals may try to fool you.   Here are some great tips from DHS on how to shop safely this season: http://1.usa.gov/18hOSAD
The Medicare open enrollment season ends 1 week from today on December 7 for seniors in Delaware and across the country. For more information, please read this 2014 Medicare & You Handbook before making your benefit elections.
Sometimes food, football, and shopping seem to be the main focus of Thanksgiving. During this holiday season, it’s important to ensure that our neighbors in Delaware and across the country have much to be thankful for as well. What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving?
This Saturday, Nov. 30, 2013, is Small Business Saturday where shoppers are encouraged to shop local. This week, Sen. Carper toured small businesses in Rehoboth Beach and Dover to support the Small Business Saturday initiative.
Today I stopped by Brandywine Springs Elementary School to meet Jill Szymanski, the National History Teacher of the Year, and to see some of the great work she and the other teachers are doing in the classroom.
I penned a joint op-ed with my Senate Recycling Caucus Co-Chair, Sen. John Boozman, on the importance and benefits of recycling. It’s not only great for the environment but also has a significant positive economic impact in Delaware, Arkansas, and all across this nation. Let’s keep working together to make recycling a part of our lives every day!
Today I went to Mountaire Farms in Selbyville to join more than 300 volunteers pack boxes of food for the company's Thanksgiving for Thousands initiative. What a wonderful way to kick off this holiday week.
I just hit 10,000 followers on Twitter! Are you one of them?  If not then click below to join the crowd.
I spent Friday, Nov. 22 in New Castle County touring a recycling plant, attending a National Guard departure ceremony and seeing the new Armed Forces Reserve Center in Newark.
Today I joined the 3-238th General Support Aviation Battalion of the Delaware Army National Guard as they got ready to deploy to Kuwait. I want to thank them for their service and ask that they come home safe! God Bless.
Today marks 50 years since we lost President John F. Kennedy in Dallas. 
 
 For those who were alive, I want to ask, “Where were you when you heard the news?” I tell my story below. #JFK50
As co-chair of the Senate Recycling Caucus, I strive to be a friend of the environment by not only recycling in my personal life, but also by raising awareness of the economic benefits of recycling, such as the $346 million the industry contributed to our state’s economy in 2009.
Earlier this year, my Senate colleagues and I passed bipartisan, common-sense, comprehensive immigration reform that would help our economic and national security.  Unfortunately the House Republican leadership has refused to bring up immigration reform legislation for a vote this year. I’m standing with thousands of Delawareans and millions of Americans urging the House Republicans to reconsider and allow this critical legislation to move forward.
Yesterday I chaired a hearing on #Bitcoin and the potential – positive and negative – for virtual currencies.  I’m still not an expert, but I learned a lot yesterday and I’m excited to learn how government can help this new technology grow responsibly. Click below to see more from yesterday’s hearing.
Today, we celebrate the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address. I’m happy to join folks across the country in reciting one of the most important speeches in our nation’s history for an upcoming PBS documentary by Ken Burns, “The Address.”
Here's a look at my Friday in our state's capital.
Starting at 3:00 - chairing a hearing looking at risks, threats, and potential promise of virtual currency such as Bitcoin. Click here to watch live at 3pm: http://1.usa.gov/1hqQJfE
Happy Friday! Heard of Bitcoin? Want to know more? Join us Monday afternoon for a hearing as we try to do just that.
 
 Beyond Silk Road: Potential Risks, Threats, and Promises of Virtual Currencies – More info here: http://1.usa.gov/1hqQJfE
There's still time to get to Buffalo Wild Wings in Dover to donate food at the annual Turkey Drive, which supports the Food Bank of Delaware. I stopped by today to deliver turkeys and food.
Since 1997, communities across our country have come together on November 15th to observe America Recycles Day and share in their commitment to recycling.  To me, today is a time when we can all think about what we are doing to be better stewards of the environment and grow our economy by supporting recycling industries throughout the country. I invite you all to join me in making recycling a part of your daily routine. Together, our small actions can have a huge impact. http://youtu.be/fJv8SurDB7A
On 9/11/01, our country’s sense of security was upended when Al-Qaeda launched the most significant attack on U.S. soil since Pearl Harbor. In the years since that tragic day, we have made significant progress in combating the terrorist threat to the homeland.   One of my guiding principles is—if it’s not perfect, make it better. Part of this process means understanding that the threat is also evolving. If we are to make America safer from these threats – and secure the homeland – we must do a better job of anticipating these evolving threats.  Watch my statement from today’s hearing here: http://youtu.be/L0ry4H-1iSQ
Today we welcomed Jeh Johnson to the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to discuss his nomination to be the next secretary of DHS.  The President has asked Jeh to take on a difficult and demanding job. Fortunately for our nation, he is a strong leader and well-prepared to face the challenges that will await him.   Read what others said today below or watch my statement here: http://bit.ly/1aU7s7w
Our veterans provide so much to our nation that one day alone could never be enough to thank them. We owe them our sincere commitment to providing them with everything they need to adjust to life when they come out of the military.
Today we’re #HonoringVets on Nov. 11 for the 75th year since the day was first dedicated as national holiday in 1938. Read the history here: http://1.usa.gov/1bdSTK8
Honoring WWII Veterans today at the dedication of Delaware's WWII memorial in Dover.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those in Southeast Asia affected by Super Typhoon Haiyan. Unfortunately, scientists believe we will see more and more of storms of this magnitude and intensity due to the effects of global climate change. That is why it is so important we make investments today to mitigate the effects of climate change - not only in clean technology that reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, but also in infrastructure that will allow communities to be more resilient to the stronger storms we may see in the future.
In response to the Politico story below about the FEC draft decision to allow Bitcoin campaign contributions, I issued the following statement:  “This apparent decision by the FEC underscores what our Committee has recognized for some time: that virtual currencies are not going away. Their emergence has potentially far reaching implications for the federal government and society as a whole.   "I applaud the FEC for acting quickly to recognize this and develop a thoughtful policy that gives donors and committees rules of the road to utilize this emerging technology. It continues to be my hope that departments and agencies are working together, in a collaborative fashion, to define and consistently treat Bitcoin and other virtual currencies. I expect this decision and other recent developments will be discussed at our Committee’s upcoming hearing, as we dig into what a whole-government approach to this new and unique technology may look like.”
Today, I was proud to join 63 of my Senate colleagues to pass #ENDA. Discrimination in the workplace is wrong, and, as a cosponsor of this legislation, it is my strong belief that all Americans deserve equal protection under the law, regardless of sexual orientation.  I urge my colleagues in the House to do the right thing: http://1.usa.gov/17baoGv
The creation of the “Silk Road 2.0” proves once again how fast technology moves. Rather than play ‘whack-a-mole’ with the latest website, digital currency or technology, we need to develop thoughtful, nimble and sensible federal policies that protect the public without stifling innovation and economic growth. That’s why I will be holding a hearing on virtual currency later this month. http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/media/majority-media/chairman-carper-statement-on-the-unveiling-of-the-so-called-silk-road-20-website
Do you have questions about the Affordable Care Act and your new health insurance options? Visit www.delawareonline.com at 11 am for a live chat with the state director of Delaware’s health insurance marketplace, Michelle Amadio.
Later this month, I’ll lead a hearing in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to learn more about the emergence of virtual currencies like Bitcoin.   It’s important our federal government can identify any potential risks while at the same time ensure we’re not unfairly hindering a potentially innovative and valuable technology.
Today, I was happy to welcome the Reverend Doctor Gregory Knox Jones and his family to Washington where he delivered the opening prayer in the Senate Chamber as Senate Guest Chaplain. Dr. Jones is Senior Pastor/Head of Staff at Westminster Presbyterian Church in Wilmington and is currently in his 36th year of parish ministry. He also just finished the NYC Marathon on Sunday, so it’s been quite a week.  I’m glad I was able to invite a fellow Delawarean to D.C. and give him and his wonderful family a tour of the U.S. Capitol.
Today my letter to the editor in the Cape Gazette sets the record straight about a common misconception about members of Congress and the Affordable Care Act.   The health care law requires me and all members of Congress and their staff to enroll in and purchase health insurance through the new exchanges or marketplace by January 2014.   Find a myths vs. facts page about the Affordable Care Act which debunks common misconceptions here: http://1.usa.gov/1a5m6Wu
You’d probably assume it’s illegal in all 50 states to fire someone simply for being gay. Unfortunately, you’d be wrong. But tonight the Senate voted to start the process to change that.                 
 
 I’m proud to be a part of that effort, click share if you’re with me.
Today I stopped by Easter Seals' main office in New Castle to meet its new CEO, Ken Sklenar, and the folks who receive services there.
There's still time to get to the Embassy Suites in Newark to check out the Job Fair, hosted by Delaware's Congressional Delegation. It's running until 2 pm today.
Virtual Currency: Trick or Treat? 
 
 Read more here: http://ti.me/1csZzHs
Happy Halloween to everyone! Before I was a senator, governor or representative, I was a cowboy. #Halloween #TBT
Today we learned the budget results from the 2013 fiscal year which ended September 30. The final 2013 deficit was $680 billion, $409 billion less than the 2012 deficit and $293 billion less than forecast in President Obama’s April Budget.
 
 We have work yet to do to get our country back on the path of fiscal responsibility and prosperity, but this is a good start.
 
 Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1f4yNCI
The President just finished his remarks in Boston on the Affordable Care Act. Here's what stuck with me.
“They say the people of New York are tough. They are, but they’re also compassionate.” – Red Cross Volunteer Joe Miller of Hockessin  Watch the rest of Joe’s heartfelt memory of his Sandy relief work, one year later: http://bit.ly/1bzTrrS
On October 29, 2013 Senator Carper thanked American Red Cross Delmarva Region volunteers who were deployed during Superstorm Sandy at a reception in his office. The volunteers also received a tour of the Capitol.
A year ago today, as Superstorm Sandy struck the East Coast, the Red Cross mobilized 17,000 workers in the relief effort – 90% of them volunteers – who helped to serve 17.5 million meals and snacks and hand out 7 million relief items. 
 
 Today we welcome 4 of those volunteers from Delaware who helped recovery efforts in the First State and traveled to New York & New Jersey to help our neighbors in some of the hardest hit areas. Click share to show your support for their efforts.
Open Enrollment for Medicare is happening now through December 7th.   Take some time today to determine what works best for you and your family at CMS.gov.
The Affordable Care Act has helped more than 7.1 million seniors and people with disabilities save $8.3 billion on their prescription drugs thanks to new regulations that close the “prescription drug donut hole”.   In the first 9 months of 2013, nearly 14,000 Delawareans have saved over $13 million at an average of $952 per person.  What would an extra $1,000 mean to you in 2013? Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1dEJiPn
Please share ... the next job fair is Nov. 4.
I am so proud of the work that the Delaware Breast Cancer Coalition and Delaware Dept. of Public Health is doing to offer preventative screenings to Delawareans, like with the mammogram van, which was parked in Georgetown today. I stopped by to say hi to the DBCC team.
This morning I visited Tail Bangers in Long Neck where they're churning out 14,000 dog treats a day, in part thanks to an SBA loan in 2010 that helped them get started. Really impressive operation!
I got my flu shot today. Have you received yours yet? Approximately 5-20% of U.S. residents get the flu each year. 
 
 Find out more, including where you can get your shot at http://www.flu.gov/.
This month is the 10th annual National Cyber Security Awareness Month. To many, cyberattacks seem like a thing of science fiction, but the threat is very real. This interactive Threatwatch map shows cyberattacks happening right now, here at home and around the world. Take a moment to check it out and see just how vulnerable the world’s cyber networks are: http://www.nextgov.com/cybersecurity/threatwatch/ and stay updated and informed on daily cyber threats.
Yesterday, my colleagues and I, Democrats and Republicans, voted to reopen our government and avert default. To me, and thousands of Delawareans, this whole episode was both disappointing and frustrating. It’s unfortunate that these antics over the last few years – and especially the last few weeks – continue to undermine our nation’s economic wellbeing. We now have a chance to reverse this trend by working together to pass a long-term budget agreement that invests in our future, grows our economy, addresses spending and revenue responsibly, and preserves entitlement programs for the long haul.   http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=482be365-f5ac-42ba-97c7-f52426114727
Unfortunately, the federal government has been shutdown. One of the things that pains me the most about this shutdown is that it will affect the people of Delaware directly. Like hundreds of thousands of federal employees, a majority of my staff won’t be able to work during the shutdown. As such, my state offices will be closed and my staff and I will be unable to answer your phone calls and emails during this time, we will not be able to update our website with additional information and I will not be able to use my official Twitter and Facebook accounts until my colleagues and I fix this mess. Constituent calls to our state offices and to our Washington, DC office will be forwarded to voice mail and exempted staff will check those messages periodically and respond in cases of emergency, but the vast majority of constituent services will be suspended throughout the shutdown.  Please know that I will be working with my congressional colleagues to find a responsible way to end this shutdown as soon as possible.  http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/e-newsletter?ID=3eda7561-2c21-4afd-90bb-2ae0fd120bb9
Yesterday, HHS released the new insurance premiums for those covered by the Affordable Care Act. Thanks to this new law, many people will have lower premiums than ever before! It’s clear to me, now more than ever, that the health care reform law will provide the coverage that Delawareans need. It’s time for everyone to #getcovered. Wh.gov/healthreform/map
Congratulations to The Charter School of Wilmington, Frear Elementary School, and Shields Elementary School for being named National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2013! These schools are doing a fantastic job of educating our young Delawareans by equipping them with the knowledge and tools they’ll need to be great leaders in the First State for years to come. http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=d301306e-eb3d-49bf-a3d5-0b468b95241a
Please share ...
Today is POW/MIA Recognition Day. As a former Naval Flight Officer who served three tours of duty in South East Asia during the Vietnam War, I am taking some time today to remember and honor my friends in uniform who served next to me but never came home.
NA
Congratulations to Jill Szymanski, 4th and 5th grade teacher at Brandywine Springs Elementary School in Wilmington, on being named Delaware’s first National Teacher of the Year! Her dedication and passion for educating are incredible, and I know she’ll continue to do great work for our young learners in the Wilmington community. http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=c6edb082-0903-460a-88e1-d955836a3f70
September is National Preparedness month. As Hurricane Sandy taught us last year, you can never be too prepared when it comes to a natural disaster. This month, I encourage everyone to sit down with their loved ones and come up with a plan. It can truly save lives. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlDsTf-K4W0&feature=c4-overview&list=UUKJISmkvK8tn0kFiCaIzUwQ
Today is Constitution Day, when we remember and celebrate the 1787 signing of one of our nation’s most fundamental building blocks. The values enshrined in that document still resonate today, and I’m honored to work in the U.S. Senate for all Delawareans and Americans to both protect and promote freedom. It’s a challenge to find this balance, but a task that we can’t shy away from - see my op-ed from yesterday’s News Journal, in which I discussed this balance between privacy and security.  http://www.delawareonline.com/article/20130916/OPINION07/309160013/Carper-Striving-strike-balance-between-security-privacy
The Affordable Care Act has and will continue to improve coverage for millions of Americans, including allowing young adults to stay on their parents’ health insurance plans up to age 26. On Oct. 1, Delawareans will be able to start enrolling in health insurance plans at www.choosehealthde.com, providing another opportunity for folks to find affordable, high quality health insurance. Stay tuned for updates and additional information. Below is a great article on how these changes will benefit young adults.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/young-adults-cant-afford-to-tune-out-obamacare-insurance-requirement/2013/09/13/65c60db6-19ad-11e3-8685-5021e0c41964_story.html
Twelve years ago today, our nation watched in horror as those tragic events unfolded, and we mourned together as friends and loved ones were lost. That day, we saw the best and worst of humanity. Since then, together with the friends and families of 9/11 victims, we have channeled our grief and used it as a force for good, inspiring us all to keep the memory of the victims alive. We pulled together, united as a nation, and found the resolve to rebuild and move forward. I urge Delawareans and all Americans to renew their commitment to the spirit of unity that was forged that day.
September is Emergency Preparedness Month, and I urge Delawareans to make sure they think ahead and prepare their families for an emergency event.  Go to www.ready.gov or www.preparede.org for more information.
Newark Charter School Ribbon Cutting
NA
NA
Thanks to Sarah and Chris for taking such great care of me while I donated blood for the Summer Blood Challenge at the Blood Bank of Delmarva.
Like and share this graphic from The White House to help spread the word about how the Affordable Care Act is actually helping Delawareans and millions of Americans afford health insurance.
Today I had the chance to hear from veterans looking for work at the delegation-hosted job fair. These men and women sacrificed for our country, and that is why we must provide them with opportunities and training so they can succeed when they return home.
NA
As summer winds down, be sure to plan your trip to the First State National Monument with this great new park brochure. Check it out!
Earlier this week, I had the privilege to say a few words at the ribbon cutting for the U.S. Coast Guard’s first permanent headquarters at the St. Elizabeth’s complex in Anacostia. Although we are not there yet, I am hopeful that all the components of the Department of Homeland Security team will one day call St. Elizabeth’s home. Yesterday was an important step forward in this process.
Attention all vets looking for employment...
Forty eight years ago, Medicare and Medicaid were founded. These laws were a huge step forward in how our nation approached the issue of healthcare. I hope we learn from the success of these programs and continue to push for access to quality, affordable healthcare for all Americans. Like and share if you agree!
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 8.5 million Americans are set to receive an average $100 rebate check from their insurance company because of caps on non-medical care spending.  If your insurance company spends more than 20% of your premium dollars on administrative costs and salaries, you get a rebate.  This makes insurance companies more accountable to you, the consumer, cuts costs and strengthens our healthcare system. Please join me in sharing this good news: http://at.wh.gov/n4vEN.
Another Delaware State Fair is over. I met a lot of great people, discussed energy with the Canadian Consul General John Prato, ate some delicious chicken at The Grange, and topped it all off with a chocolate milkshake at the DE Farm Bureau. Bring on next year!
This morning, I got to meet with fellow veterans from across the country to talk about how we in Congress can better serve their needs. One thing I was proud to share was my work to improve veterans' education benefits, like the GI Bill, and prevent bad actors from abusing or defrauding our vets as they try to get a higher education. We have a serious responsibility to not only thank those who have served but to do all we can to help them live full, happy, successful lives.
Today, the Center for American Progress joined a growing chorus of organizations supporting the bipartisan student loan reform bill that I helped write. Check out their thoughtful and explanatory endorsement here: http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/higher-education/news/2013/07/23/70345/the-bipartisan-student-loan-certainty-act-would-protect-our-students/.
YouDee stopped by my booth today at the Delaware State Fair to enter my daily American Flag raffle. Stop by to enter to win yours! Each flag has flown over the U.S. Capitol.
Today, The News Journal highlighted some encouraging news from the Senate -- compromise and bipartisan effort are working. I hope the progress on student loans and confirming President Obama's nominees provides a roadmap for working together on a host of critical issues in the coming months. http://m.delawareonline.com/opinion/article?a=2013307220023&f=1194
Today I helped cut the ribbon on a new facility that follows the concept of nurturing patient-centered medical homes. These facilities help our health care system get better results for less money by giving patients who do not need hospital emergency room care a place to seek medical attention.
I truly believe the greatest joy in life is serving others. Today, I helped pass out free produce to those who need it at St. Patrick’s Center in Wilmington with interns Nicole Mozee and Read Scott, and staff members Mat Marshall and Bonnie Wu.
It's the first day of the Delaware State Fair! Don't forget to drop by my booth in the Delaware Building to enter a raffle to win a flag that has flown over the U.S. Capitol. Drawings nightly!
I know it's not quite Throwback Thursday, but still worth a share! Proud of all Delaware State University and its grads have accomplished over the past 20 years. #tbt
The golden rule asks us to treat others the way we would like to be treated; I believe that this is true for how we treat our environment as well. Recycling is one small act we can all do every day to help preserve the health and beauty of our planet. Recycling also supports growth and innovation in our manufacturing industry and boosts our economy.  Read about how you can recycle more to positively impact Delaware communities: http://1.usa.gov/12GXHj8
The heat and humidity may be a great excuse for a day spent poolside or at the beach, but this weather can also be extremely dangerous for Delawareans who do not have access to a place to stay cool.  Check in with your elderly neighbors, keep your family hydrated, and read up on these resources to help yourself and others through this heat wave. Please share so your friends and family have access to this important information: http://www.ready.gov/heat
Today I visited the PSEG Milford Solar Farm to find out how this 15-megawatt, 80-acre facility is providing clean power to Delaware.
I'll miss Janet's leadership. She's done so much to protect folks in Delaware and across the country.
Attention all vets! Please help me spread the word.
Yesterday, I got to meet Braeden Mannering from Bear. His award-winning recipe for "Tortilla Bowl Deluxe" (sounds good, right?) earned him a trip to the White House to meet with the First Lady, Michelle Obama, and President Obama at a "kids' state dinner" celebrating the Healthy Lunchtime Challenge, a national effort to fight obesity. Congrats, Braeden! http://delonline.us/18NNIRE
Today, I chaired a hearing on the Boston Bombings and how state, local and federal agencies prepared for and responded to this tragedy. Officials from FEMA, the Massachusetts Executive Office of Public Safety and Security, and the RAND Corporation came to testify about what worked well in the response to the bombings and what we can improve on in the future. Additionally, Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis was on hand to explain how Boston PD coordinated with other agencies to save lives. My thanks and appreciation go to him and all the law enforcement personnel who swiftly and effectively responded to the bombings. http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/hearings/lessons-learned-from-the-boston-marathon-bombings-preparing-for-and-responding-to-the-attack
Today I stopped by United Electric before jumping on the train to Washington D.C. to meet with the company's leadership and employees. United Electric has been in Delaware since 1965 and employs 127 people altogether at its locations in New Castle, Dover and Dagsboro.
I hope everyone had a fun, safe and patriotic Fourth of July! What did you do to celebrate our nation's independence?
NA
Education policy has been in the news a lot lately—calls for universal pre-K, initiatives to boost classroom technology, and debates over student loan interest rates. However, at the core of all this attention is a universal fact that I know we all can support: all of our children, toddlers to teens and beyond, deserve a great education. Share this post if you agree!
Today, I voted for a comprehensive overhaul of our nation's broken immigration system. With a final vote of 68-32, this was a truly bipartisan effort that both Democrats and Republicans should get behind. And although this legislation isn't perfect, it's a big step in the right direction. Now, the House should either take up this Senate bill or introduce legislation of their own. We can't allow ideology or partisanship to dictate the fate of this bill. As we learned over the past few weeks here in the Senate, we can find common ground and reform our immigration system for the long haul.
Today, the Senate voted to approve the Hoeven-Corker amendment to the immigration bill, which some have called the "border surge." While it isn't perfect, this amendment will significantly enhance our nation's border security. I'm proud to have included two key provisions of my own in this amendment that will help to cut down on the root causes of illegal immigration. Read more about them at the link below.
The Supreme Court's decision to strike down DOMA was the right thing to do, and I believe it's another inevitable step in the right direction in the journey toward equality for all Americans.
Throughout my time as Governor, and now Senator, I have had the opportunity to meet many different small business owners in Delaware who just so happen to have been born in a different country. These hardworking individuals contribute each and every day to our economy and our community, but our immigration system can make it difficult for them to continue to live and work in the United States. This great website outlines how immigrants contribute to Delaware and America’s economy. As we debate immigration reform, I think it is important to remember that immigrants provide a lot to our nation. http://www.maptheimpact.org/state/delaware/
Come out tomorrow to our next job fair! Share this if you have friends, family or neighbors looking for work.
I just launched http://www.carper.senate.gov/immigration, where Delawareans and folks across the country can stay updated on the Senate immigration reform bill. One of the pages focuses on clearing up misinformation about our border security efforts. Our border is more secure than it’s ever been, due in no small part to record resources deployed there over the past decade. Share this album with your friends to show your support for immigration reform and to share the real facts about our border.
Today, Congress welcomed a new addition to the U.S. Capitol, a statue of the abolitionist Frederick Douglass. This gift was presented by the residents of the District of Columbia and represents the first statue that DC has contributed to the Capitol building. Despite having 600,000 residents, DC has been denied basic representation in Congress. This fall, I plan to chair a hearing in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on my bill to give DC statehood.
Attention all Vets... 
Please share
The First State's first national monument is on Facebook! Like the page, and head on over to any of its unique historic sites across Delaware to experience all our state has to offer.
NA
I spoke to middle and high school students attending the Aviation Career Education Summer Academy in Cheswold about the importance of studying science, technology, engineering and math.
Yesterday, I joined the United States Marine Corps, members of the Shiloh Baptist Church and members of the Lee Family in Wilmington to present a Congressional Gold Medal to the family of Mr. Odell Lee, a Montford Point Marine who never received his medal before he passed away. He was a decorated Marine, hard working business owner and community member, and first and foremost, a great father. Happy Father's Day to all of the dads with us and also to those we hold in our hearts.
Today's event was a great opportunity for business leaders to expand their network. Thank you to the Small Business & Technology Development Center and PTAC for all of your hard work to put this event together.
On Monday, the Senate passed a farm bill that cuts wasteful spending, boosts agricultural job programs and improves conservation and our environment. This bill includes specific provisions that I was proud to sponsor to help a wide variety of folks in Delaware, from poultry growers on Delmarva to conservationists who work to protect the Chesapeake Bay Watershed to farmers at Magee Farms, which I visited last month. I hope the House takes up a farm bill right away so Congress can finish the important work of reforming and improving our nation’s food and agricultural policies.
NA
NA
U.S. Senator Chris Coons and I agree: not only are Delaware beaches picturesque but local businesses and real estate growth on the coast continue to bolster our economy. Read more about the contributions of our beaches to local economic growth here, via Delawareonline: http://delonline.us/1914rAP.
Tragically, we just lost Dover's own Sean Mullen, an Army Warrant Officer, in Afghanistan. Please pray for his friends and family, and never forget his service and sacrifice.
Yesterday, I met with graduating seniors from Delaware who have decided to attend one of our nation's service academies. I know that each of these students will receive a unique, world class education, but service academies go beyond just education. They teach leadership skills that last a lifetime. Upon graduating from the Academies, these young men and women will emerge as leaders in our military, ready to protect our nation and the world. As a Navy veteran, I’m so proud they have chosen this path, and I’m looking forward to see all of the amazing things they will do in the future.
I joined Mark Momcilovich and Kristin Momcilovich James, family members of fallen Vietnam War Army Capt. Michael Momcilovich Jr., at the Vietnam War Memorial in Brandywine Park as Mark and Kristin received Capt. Momcilovich Jr.’s military driver’s license from the South Vietnamese soldier Ngoc Van Va who recovered it from the field decades ago.
These students have a bright future!
Today I joined fellow veterans as we honored those who gave the ultimate sacrifice defending our nation at the annual Memorial Day Bridge Ceremony.
I was so happy to be able to connect Discover Card with Dover Air Force Base for Discover's Military Work at Home program. Here, we celebrated these military spouses who graduated from Discover's program and are now trained to work from anywhere they go around the country.
As 23-year veteran of the Navy, I honor those who fought for our country not just today but everyday by supporting our troops and their families. I wish everyone a safe and happy Memorial Day. http://youtu.be/aU8qylqQRdQ
Today I had the privilege of meeting members of the Christiana High School Navy JROTC program when they came to visit my office in Washington, D.C. As a former ROTC Midshipman, I can attest that the JROTC program helps to build leadership skills that can be used for a lifetime. This is a great way young people can build character and learn about a career in our armed services.
I stopped by the new Ellendale Volunteer Fire Company Station #2 in Lincoln. Del. last week to see how these hard working volunteers protect these growing communities in Sussex County.
Today is Del State Unversity's graduation day. Congrats to the 2013 grads!
NA
I was honored to extend the invitation, along with Governor Markell and Senator Chris Coons and Congressman John Carney, to the King and Queen of Sweden to celebrate the 375th anniversary of the first Swedes and Finns to land in Delaware. Here we are at Fort Christina in Wilmington to commemorate the historic event.
I visited the Early Learning Center at Delaware Technical Community College in Dover to learn what the teachers there are doing to get great results in preparing these students for Kindergarten. I truly believe focusing on early education can have a tremendous impact on the growth and development throughout a child's lifetime.
Congratulations to Arline Loh for being named one of the White House’s female Asian American and Pacific Islander Champions of Change. Arline works to bring attention to the dangers of Hepatitis B and how it can be prevented. She is a true leader and an outstanding Delawarean! I am so glad she is receiving the recognition she deserves. http://www.whitehouse.gov/champions/aapi-women/arline-loh
Please share:
A historic day in Dover and across the First State – Delaware has become the 11th state to secure marriage equality. Any Delawarean should be free to marry the person they love and intend to share their life with, regardless of their sexual orientation. That's why I support marriage equality and am glad to see it become a reality in our state.
Happy Dover Days!
NA
Proud to see Delaware ranked in the top five most bike friendly states in America -- moving from 10th to 5th in just one year! Biking is an invaluable piece of the American transportation system, and May is National Bike Month. So join me and the League of American Bicyclists to get more people in your community riding too!
Tomorrow in Sussex: Employers hiring more than 1,000 positions!
I got to learn about the important work the staff at the University of Delaware's Early Learning Center in Wilmington is doing to teach children ages 6 weeks to three years old. These teachers are amazing and these kiddos were a lot of fun!
This interview with former Eagle Kevin Reilly is truly inspiring. And he shares a moving story about how Delaware helped shape his views: "You know, you and I both went to the same high school (Salesianum) and they taught us to be of service to others and you wonder why these things happen to you and maybe it happened so I could be of service to others." What a role model for us all.
Welcome to Delaware! http://www.nba.com/sixers/#/story/news/130427-delaware-87ers
Here is a great article in today’s New York Times that shows some of the amazing work that our University of Delaware Blue Hens are doing to make electric cars more efficient and even contribute energy to the power grid. Innovations like this are the future and will ultimately help to clean our air and decrease our dependence on foreign oil. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/26/business/energy-environment/electric-vehicles-begin-to-earn-money-from-the-grid.html?pagewanted=1&_r=1&seid=auto&smid=tw-nytimesscience
Today was Bring Your Child to Work day, which gave me the opportunity to meet a number of great kids! Events like these encourage kids to follow in their parent’s footsteps and work hard in school so they can find a job that they love doing.
Today I got to meet with some bright students from the University of Delaware who came to visit my Washington, D.C. office. What a great group! Our future is secure with leaders like these.
Yesterday was a very special day for me: Earth Day. As a young Naval Flight Officer stationed outside San Francisco for training, I attended the very first Earth Day celebration 43 years ago. Today, I treat every day like it's Earth Day by addressing our environmental challenges in the Senate. Watch this video to hear more about how far we've come and the challenges that remain.
I joined Sen. Chris Coons, Congressman John Carney, U.S. Attorney Charles Oberly III, Attorney General Beau Biden and New Castle County Police to posthumously honor Lt. Joe Szczerba with the Congressional Badge of Bravery Award. Lt. Szczerba died in the line of duty of Sept. 15, 2011, and is the first to receive this award in Delaware.
Thank you to the law enforcement personnel and first responders for their service and bravery throughout this traumatic week. I hope the families and friends of victims and the people of Boston can find some solace that justice has begun to be served. As this investigation continues, in my role as Chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I will do all that I can to help ensure that we learn from this tragedy and do what we can to prevent a similar situation from happening again so we can keep all Americans safe.
If you have any details, tips, anything at all that could help investigators in the Boston bombings, please visit the Boston Marathon Tips website below. You can also call 1-800-CALL-FBI (1-800-225-5324), prompt #3, with any information. No detail is too small. More information, including photos/video of current suspects, can be found on the FBI's website here: http://www.fbi.gov/news/updates-on-investigation-into-multiple-explosions-in-boston/updates-on-investigation-into-multiple-explosions-in-boston.
U.S. Senator Chris Coons, Congressman John Carney and I are hosting a job fair in Sussex County in less than 2 weeks. It's on Tuesday, April 30, at the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center. Please SHARE if you or someone you know is looking for work to help spread the word!
Sad and disappointed by Senate failure to pass a commonsense, bipartisan measure, sponsored by Senators Manchin and Toomey, to expand background checks and begin to address gun violence in this country. This is a tragic outcome in the aftermath of the Newtown shooting. Despite that, I won't give up in pushing for commonsense reforms to that keep dangerous weapons with the capacity to inflict unthinkable harm in our communities out of the hands of criminals, terrorists and the mentally ill.
This is an eye-opening piece in the New York Times on guns purchased online without background checks. Few rules, little regulation, and lots of risk. It underscores the urgent need for us to take action on background checks NOW.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston who have been deeply affected by today's tragedy. I especially want to thank our first responders, who are selflessly working to care for those who are injured, and the law enforcement personnel at the federal, state and local level who are investigating this incident. In the end, we'll get to the bottom of this and use any and all information from this horrible tragedy to bolster our security and response efforts and continue to do all that we can to keep events like this from happening again.
I was proud to spend last Saturday at Delaware State University in Dover for its Day of Service.
It was my pleasure to speak to 9th graders at Mount Pleasant High School about government and Delaware history. These bright young students asked some great questions, too, about gun control, the economy and working in the United States Senate.
Today, I joined State Sen. Patti Blevins, Dr. Karyll Rattay of Delaware Public Health and Carol Post of the DE Coalition Against Domestic Violence to announce $2 million in federal grants to prevent domestic violence in the state.
Check out this helpful website from the Department of Health and Human Services that has key dates for the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. You and your family can track upcoming deadlines and access important resources to make sure you are up to date and informed on all of your healthcare choices. http://www.healthcare.gov/law/timeline/
Great having Lisa Goodman from Equality Delaware down in Washington today to meet with Senate Democrats. She's a champion for marriage equality in Delaware and also a great friend. Always fun to showcase the great leaders we have in Delaware to our colleagues, isn't it U.S. Senator Chris Coons?
It's game time! Who ya got, Michigan or Louisville?? My Buckeyes didn't make it, so I don't have a dog in this fight. Just hoping for a great game!
If you missed this story in yesterday's News Journal, check it out today. Our Delaware National Guard troops are selfless heroes, and their sacrifice doesn't go unnoticed. I'm so proud of them and wish them godspeed as they serve our country overseas.
A big thank you to Delaware's Health Ambassadors, who help families with access to doctors and health education. These folks came out to celebrate National Public Health Week in Wilmington today.
Really learned a lot on my tour of our northern border this week. Always great to see our borders in person and hear from those stationed there firsthand. As we continue to examine our nation's border security on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, it's important that we recognize the progress we've made and remain thoughtful about the challenges that lie ahead. Thanks for hosting me, Carl Levin and the great state of Michigan.
Sharing this Op/Ed in the News Journal from earlier this week on the good news that jobs are coming to Sussex County.  http://www.delawareonline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=2013304030029
April is Child Abuse Prevention Month. Let’s make sure we do all that we can to protect those that cannot protect themselves.
Attention Delaware High School students: I'm now accepting applications for U.S. service academy nominations. If you're interested in attending the U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy or U.S. Military Academy, click the link to learn more: http://carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/service-academy-nominations.
As our society has changed and evolved, so too has the public's opinion on gay marriage – and so has mine. I pray every day for God to grant me the wisdom to do what is right. Through my prayers and conversations with my family and countless friends and Delawareans, I've been reminded of the power of one of my core values: the Golden Rule. It calls on us to treat others as we want to be treated. That means, to me, that all Americans ultimately should be free to marry the people they love and intend to share their lives with, regardless of their sexual orientation, and that's why today, after a great deal of soul searching, I'm endorsing marriage equality.
So proud of our University of Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens on a tremendous season. These young women are role models and represent Delaware so well both on and off the court. Can't wait to see what their futures have in store. Go Blue Hens!
NA
NA
Let's go Blue Hens!
Celebrating Delaware's National Monument in Old New Castle with Vice President Biden, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Mayor Don Reese. It's the nation's 400th monument!
On March 26, 2013, Sen. Carper joined Vice President Joe Biden, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and New Castle Mayor Don Reese to celebrate President Obama's designation of the First State National Monument.
Today is National Medal of Honor Day. As a Navy veteran, I'm proud to salute the sacrifices and dedication of the men and women who have earned the greatest distinction our military can bestow. All Americans should join together on this day to thank just a few of our nation's heroes.
Check out my Op/Ed in today's News Journal on the third anniversary of the Affordable Care Act: http://m.delawareonline.com/opinion/article?a=2013303230005&f=1194
Great rundown by The News Journal on exciting announcement by President Obama that he'll name sites in Delaware as the First State National Monument. I've been working on getting Delaware its first national park for over a decade, and this gets us to about the 5-yard line. Ready to get in the endzone. via Delawareonline
Attention Delaware high school students: Are you a future leader who has good moral character, a commendable academic record, medical and physical fitness, the desire to serve, and the motivation to lead? Consider applying to a service academy. Applications will be available in April. You can learn more on my Web site: http://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/service-academy-nominations
State champs! Congrats to these students, and way to bring home the title to Smyrna!
I'm chairing a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing looking at our ongoing recovery efforts following Hurricane Sandy. As large scale disasters become more common, we need to make sure that officials are being held accountable for proper coordination and emergency management and that every disaster fund dollar is being spent wisely. Watch the hearing at the link below, and join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #Sandy.
NA
Today I joined Wendy Spencer of the Corp. for National and Community Service, Sen. Chris Coons, Gov. Jack Markell and First Lady Carla Markell and to announce service projects through AmeriCorps to help the Boys and Girls Clubs of Delaware. This is great news for kids in DE.
I'm chairing a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing this morning on measuring the progress our country has made in securing our border in recent years, as well as looking ahead to the challenges that remain. Important topic as we begin conversation on immigration reform. Tune in at the link below.
Today at 2:30, I'll be chairing a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on the costs of "crisis governing" -- to both our government and our economy. Budgeting from crisis to crisis has high costs, including economic uncertainty and, perhaps worst of all, eroding faith that leaders can solve problems and get things done. We'll talk about it all today. Hope you'll tune in at the link below.
I had so much fun today on 99.5 WJBR's morning show. Thanks to hosts Charlie and John for having me.
Click the link below to watch the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee joint hearing I'm chairing with Senator Jay Rockefeller, the chairman of the Commerce Committee, on the need for government & industry to work together to protect cyberspace, information, and our country's critical infrastructure.
Really moving story on the front page of yesterday's News Journal about Fred Johnson, a Tuskegee Airman, and the Congressional Gold Medal I was proud to help give him. Check it out: http://www.delawareonline.com/article/20130305/NEWS14/303050055/Belated-honor-lands-hands-local-Tuskegee-hero-
Today's job fair is still on! Come out to the Embassy Suites in Newark to meet with employers.
If you or someone you know is looking for work, I hope you'll come to Embassy Suites in Newark, Delaware tomorrow between 10 AM and 2 PM with resumé in hand to meet employers ready to hire in Delaware at the job fair that U.S. Senator Chris Coons, Congressman John Carney and I are hosting.
The record breaking storms that have devastated the United States over the past few months have made it abundantly clear that our climate is changing. While we must find ways to address the causes of this climate change, it is equally important to prepare ourselves and our loved ones for the possibility of another severe weather event. This week is National Severe Weather Preparedness Week, which highlights some simple steps each of us can take to protect our families. Visit FEMA’s website for more information: http://www.ready.gov/severe-weather
Congratulations to the Department of Homeland Security on its 10 year anniversary. Thanks to the DHS, Americans are safer today than they were 10 years ago. Of course, there is still a lot of work to be done. I look forward to collaborating with Secretary Napolitano over the next couple years to continue to protect and strengthen our national security. http://1.usa.gov/Y4oxPV
Happy Peace Corps Week! In honor of the Peace Corps’ 52nd anniversary on March 1st, help us recognize the 15 Delawareans serving our country across the world today and thousands more who have served in the name of peace. www.peacecorps.gov/pcweek
I’m glad the House finally passed the Violence Against Women Act today. It shows yet again that reauthorizing VAWA was a no-brainer: a commonsense piece of legislation that gives law enforcement the resources they need to combat crime and that helps protect women and families across America. Hope we can carry this bipartisan momentum on to other pressing challenges.
We currently have more than 844,000 veterans unemployed in the United States. It is a national embarrassment that we have not been able to provide good paying jobs to our returning heroes. I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, which works to encourage employers to hire veterans.
This was a great trip to Arizona with my friend John McCain and others. I saw firsthand that we've made a lot of progress in securing our border, and I'm ready to use my chairmanship to help ensure we're making it even more secure in a cost effective way.
Today I met with some of the cadets from the United States Coast Guard Academy. I am so proud of their decision to serve our country and help protect our national security. America’s future is bright with leaders like these. If you’re interested in learning more about our outstanding military service academies, including the United States Coast Guard Academy, please visit my website site for more information. http://1.usa.gov/MhP5wn
Today we dedicate the new Chapel at Dover Air Force Base. This will be a place for family and community.
Today I spoke to the Wilmington Rotary about the national budget and how I'm trying to get better results for less money in everything we do.
Although I'm a bit biased as a Navy man, I do approve of young Pfc. Chesty XIV as the new canine representative of our Marine Corps. Bravo Zulu!
More than 200 middle and high school students and their parents came out for Academy Night, held at Delaware Technical Community College's Terry Campus in Dover.
Check out the Department of Health and Human Services’ Health Insurance Marketplace that can help you choose what insurance plan is right for you and your family.  http://1.usa.gov/VltlmB
I recently sat down with John Taylor and Content Delaware to discuss the U.S. economy. You can watch it here: http://www.contentdelaware.org/?page_id=42&FID=471
Reminder! Calling all middle school and high school students who want to learn more about attending a service academy after high school - please come to my information session tomorrow night at Del Tech's Terry Campus in Dover. 
Please share ... 
Great effort by Congressman John Carney to help show the love to our troops on Valentine's Day. We're so grateful for all who served and continue to serve.
Today, Congressman John Carney, U.S. Senator Chris Coons & I re-introduced our bill to create a National Park in Delaware -- the only state in the country without one. Check out this helpful page on my website explaining the scope of our park.
Today, I held my first hearing as Chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. The topic? The crisis at the U.S. Postal Service and how we can perhaps solve it. Check out the video at the link below; the hearing kicks off at the 21:45 mark.
During my visit to Sussex Central High School last week to discuss FAFSA open enrollment, I met Rosemond Dorleans, who is a senior this year and will be attending M.I.T this coming fall. He is just one of the many bright students we have in Delaware.
One function of the Small Business Administration is to help businesses recover from economic disasters. If your business was affected by last year’s drought, you may be eligible to receive a loan from SBA. The application deadline is March 12. http://1.usa.gov/AioYFT
Tomorrow's State of the Union address is an important opportunity for President Obama to outline his goals for the next year and to reflect on where we've come as a country. Given all that has been happening throughout our country and the world, what would you like to hear the President discuss? Let me know in the comments.
Sadly, no community is immune to violence or senseless tragedy. Today, it struck at home. My heart goes out to the friends and families of those killed and wounded today in Wilmington, and I'm deeply grateful to the brave men and women in law enforcement who were there to protect and serve.
I continue to work with my colleagues in Delaware and PA to urge the Army Corps to complete work to dredge the Delaware River to 45 feet. Deepening the river will encourage larger ships to dock in Delaware, boosting both imports and exports. This project will help create jobs in Delaware and grow our regional economy.
I'm disappointed in the Postal Service's decision to move to 5-day mail delivery, but at the same time it's hard to condemn the actions the Postmaster General is taking just to keep the lights on at USPS. We've known the solution for some time: Congress needs to act to pass postal reform that helps USPS cut costs and raise new revenues. The Senate did that last year, but now all of Congress must act swiftly to get this done. I'm making it a top priority.
What a great moment for Wilmington's Eastside community as Sen. Coons, Congressman Carney, Rosa Rivera, Nancy Scott, Leslie Newman, Freeman Williams, Dr. Case, Hanifa Shabazz and I cut the ribbon to open the new Henrietta Johnson Medical Center on 7th and Lombard. This federally-qualified health center will provide adult and pediatric health care to the Eastside community and surrounding areas.
Have you stopped by the King Center Imaging Project at Del State yet? This project showcases close to 200,000 pieces of historical documents including famous speeches like the "I have a Dream Speech." One interactive part of the exhibit is to write down your dream, which I did, here written in blue marker, and placed among others. I encourage everyone to stop by and check it out the next time you're in Dover.
Meeting LPN students at Polytech Adult Education in Woodside today.
I receive many letters each day from constituents, but today's batch of 25 postcards from Ms. Sakovics' third grade class at Wilmington Friends School in support of a national park for Delaware was a treat.
This is a fascinating piece from The News Journal about Harriet Tubman's unique connections to Delaware. From the story:   "In the spring of 1854, Harriet Tubman led four escaping slaves north toward Wilmington, the last stop on the Underground Railroad before reaching the free state of Pennsylvania. About 30 miles from their destination, a tidal stream blocked their way. Unsure how deep the water might be, the men refused to enter. Tubman, realizing they had to keep moving or face capture, waded right in. The men, shamed by her courage, followed."
Today, my Chrysler Town & Country minivan hit 333,333 while driving around the riverfront in Wilmington!
On Feb. 1, St. Francis Health Care will begin accepting patients at its LIFE Center on the Wilmington Riverfront. I joined Executive Director Joanne Piscitello today for a tour of the facility, which will offer all-inclusive care for seniors and older adults who want to stay in their homes, but need a little more care. The goal of this facility is to prevent hospital stays - decreasing health care costs in the long run.
I'm a strong 2nd Amendment supporter -- my family even has a type of rifle named after us -- but I also know we need to take commonsense steps to reduce gun violence. This is an issue where we may not all be of like minds, but it cannot be an excuse for inaction.
NA
On Monday I joined Gov. Jack Markell and Delaware Economic Development Director Alan Levin at Burke Equipment to help owners Mark and CeCe Babbitt celebrate their Delmar location's one year anniversary. What a great customer-oriented, family business!
This is a big day for Delaware - Big League World Series Softball Tourney is coming to The First State!
Just wanted to pass along this thoughtful story from The Economist on why the recent fiscal cliff deal does little to address our nation's fiscal woes, while prolonging our likelihood to face future crises. Take a look.
The purpose of the fiscal cliff was to force our hand to come up with a grand bargain to get our nation's fiscal house in order. Unfortunately, the deal the Senate passed in the wee hours of this morning isn't that kind of compromise, and that's why I ultimately voted against it. While I commend the work of the VP and others to find a way to avoid some of the bad elements of the fiscal cliff, there was a better way to solve this problem and we should've seized the opportunity to do so.
