Like many of you, I've been busy trimming the tree, doing some last minute shopping, and wrapping those last few gifts.  And with two young kids at home, I can't wait for Christmas morning.  It's always an exciting time at our house.    But Christmas is about so much more than presents under the tree.  It's a season of giving and goodwill. And it's a special time to reflect on our many blessings as Americans.  We're fortunate to live in the greatest nation on Earth.  And I'm especially grateful to our brave servicemen and women for giving us the greatest gift of all - our freedom.  As they serve far from home this holiday season, they and their loved ones are in our prayers.  As 2014 comes to a close and we look forward to the new year, may your holiday be filled with the blessings of family, friends, and faith.  From my family to yours, I wish you a Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy New Year.
A special message for New Hampshire National Guard members as they serve far from home and their loved ones this holiday season. On behalf of the people of New Hampshire, thank you for your dedicated service to our nation.  Merry Christmas and happy holidays!
Great to see students from Beaver Meadow School in Concord this morning!
NA
Senator Ayotte has announced the names of more than 35 New Hampshire students she has nominated to attend one of the nation's service academies in 2015.  "It's an honor to nominate these outstanding New Hampshire students to be considered for admission to our nation's military service academies," said Senator Ayotte. "These young men and women have excelled inside and outside the classroom while making valuable contributions to their local communities. They represent the very best of New Hampshire and I wish them well as they embark on their career of service to our country."  Read the full list of New Hampshire students who received Senator Ayotte's nomination here: http://goo.gl/1GRBVx
U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) released the following statement after voting in support of the fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill, which funds the government through September 30, 2015.  The legislation contains full funding for 11 of the 12 regular annual appropriations bills, with the exception of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), which is funded under a temporary Continuing Resolution at the current fiscal year 2014 level, and expires in February 2015.   “It’s important that we prevent a government shutdown, and this bill adheres to the spending limits established by Congress last December and provides certainty for the remainder of the fiscal year, while also providing an opportunity to address the president’s executive action on immigration when the full Congress is under Republican leadership.  In addition to providing critical funding to combat ISIS and Ebola, the bill also includes important policy measures to boost manufacturing, prevent Obamacare bailouts for insurance companies, extend the ban on Internet access taxes, and provide schools with greater flexibility on school lunch mandates.”   Read more: 1.usa.gov/1BzhoNy
Really enjoyed chatting with the McAllister family from Bridgewater & the Bock family from Milton at Coffee with Kelly this morning! If you're a New Hampshire resident planning a visit to Washington, please consider joining me for Coffee with Kelly. Learn more here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=coffee_with_kelly
Was glad to be at Pease yesterday for the NH Air National Guard's Wing Commander's Call and Holiday Luncheon -- a great tradition.  Enjoyed getting to say hello to members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing and their families.
We will never forget #PearlHarbor.  Remembering the brave Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice 73 years ago today.
Stopped by WZID Manchester Christmas is for Kids Radiothon in support of Child and Family Services of New Hampshire.
Great to be at Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater Manchester's 11th annual Start Something Big Breakfast this morning!  Wonderful organization that makes a positive difference in the lives of so many children in New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte's statement on the passing of retired NH Supreme Court Justice Sherman Horton, Jr.:   “I am deeply saddened by the passing of Justice Horton, who was a dear friend and mentor to me.  I had the privilege of clerking for Justice Horton, and I will always be grateful that he gave me my first job after finishing law school and taught me the importance of serving the people of New Hampshire.  I had deep admiration for Justice Horton’s keen legal mind, his New Hampshire common sense, and his wonderful sense of humor.  As a Navy veteran and later as a state Supreme Court justice, he served our state and our country with integrity and distinction, and he will long be remembered for his dedication to the legal profession and to the pursuit of justice.  My thoughts and prayers are with his family at this difficult time.”
Took to the Senate floor today with Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) to highlight the Manufacturing Skills Act, bipartisan legislation we introduced to help cities and states build 21st century manufacturing training programs. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1669
Joined Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions on Capitol Hill this morning to talk about our nation's energy future. When it comes to energy development, we can protect our environment while also protecting jobs.  #energywakeup
At a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing yesterday, Senator Ayotte highlighted the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard's outstanding performance as the Navy's center of excellence for fast attack submarine maintenance, modernization, and repair. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1667
Senator Ayotte joined Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Senator Rob Portman (R-OH), and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) in hosting a bipartisan forum on Capitol Hill today to discuss ways to help communities in New Hampshire and across the country fight drug addiction and support individuals in recovery. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1664
NA
Enjoyed visiting local retailers on Nashua's Main Street this afternoon as part of #SmallBusinessSaturday - a great way for NHers to kick off the holiday shopping season by supporting our local small businesses. #ShopSmall
NA
Enjoyed meeting with bright and motivated New Hampshire students at Coffee with Kelly this morning. Was great to hear about their internships in Washington this semester through The Washington Center's internship program.
NA
Joined veterans from across NH at the annual #VeteransDay observance at the NH State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen today. Thankful for their brave service to our country.
Today we give thanks to the brave men and women –  including so many New Hampshire sons and daughters – who have stepped up to defend our nation.  It's because of them that we continue to enjoy the blessings of freedom today, and we must never forget the sacrifices they've made - nor the sacrifices of their loved ones - in answering the call of duty.   Let's also keep in our hearts and minds America's future veterans - the soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen who are currently deployed around the world - including New Hampshire National Guardsmen and women who are serving far from home.  We pray for them and their families, and we look forward to their safe return.
Enjoyed taking part in Veterans Day events in Plaistow, Manchester, and Nashua over the weekend.
Joined NH veterans, as well as faculty and students at the Woodbury School in Salem this morning, for a special Veteran's Day program.  It was inspiring to hear students share their heartfelt reflections about Veterans Day and what it means to them.  Was honored to be a part of this program, which was a meaningful way for the next generation to hear from those who have served our country, and to learn about the extraordinary sacrifices our servicemen and women have made and continue to make to keep our country safe and free.
Was honored to be in Nashua yesterday for Honor Flight New England's reunion luncheon and welcome home our World War II heroes, who have taken past honor flights.
Attended a deployment ceremony in Concord this morning for members of New Hampshire National Guard Operation Support Airlift Detachment 18, who are preparing deploying to Kuwait.  New Hampshire is deeply proud of these brave Guard members and thankful for their dedicated service to our nation.  They have made tremendous sacrifices to protect our country, and we look forward to the day when we can welcome them safely home.
Was honored to attend the New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence Hall of Fame luncheon in Amherst today. Congratulations to this year’s Hall of Fame honorees, who were recognized for their outstanding dedication to preventing domestic and sexual violence in our state and ensuring that victims of these crimes have the proper support and services they deserve.
Was in Manchester this morning for the Veterans Count Salute Our Soldiers breakfast. Veterans Count has done so much good for service members, veterans, and family members and is a model for other states and communities across the nation. Was also great to see Junior ROTC students from West High School, who were part of the Honor Guard at this morning's breakfast.
Helped kick-off the "Healing Through Birds" program at the New Hampshire Veterans Home in Tilton on Friday.  The program was started by Robert Vallieres, a wounded warrior from Concord as a way to help veterans who may be struggling with traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, or other injuries heal through learning about birds and birdwatching.  Also joined Robert and members of the New Hampshire Audubon Society at Carter Hill Orchard in Concord to bird watch.
Was glad to meet with workers at Horizon Beverage in Concord last week, a family-owned business that employs 40 people.  Also heard from their leadership about the need to create a better tax and regulatory climate that will allow Horizon to continue to grow and be successful.
I'm deeply saddened by the loss of McKenzie Lowe, a sweet and special girl who bravely fought her illness with a resilient spirit & inspiring determination to live life to the fullest. My heart goes out to her family.
NA
NA
Enjoyed having lunch with students from Milford High School's "We the People" program and their teacher, Dave Alcox. These outstanding students have a very bright future ahead!
Was very glad meet with local high school students Kate Aiken of Manchester, Courtney Pederson of Bedford, and Luke Testa of Derry and donate used sports equipment in support of Project PLAY NH, a program they co-founded to help disadvantaged youth play sports.
Joined New Hampshire ski area managers yesterday for a roundtable discussion at Pat's Peak in Henniker focused on legislative efforts to ensure our state's ski industry can continue to grow and thrive. Representatives from the ski industry expressed concerns with the health care law, specifically the law's definition of seasonal employees, which they said could lead ski area owners to shorten their season.  Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1629
Was in Greenfield today to hear from local stakeholders about the economic benefit of preserving New Hampshire’s natural resources and protecting outdoor recreational lands. Enjoyed visiting Crotched Mountain Rehabilitation Center and hiking the Gregg Trail, and appreciate their work to improve the lives of individuals with disabilities- including expanding access to outdoor opportunities.
In Manchester today, Senator Ayotte joined representatives from New Hampshire's disability rights community for a roundtable discussion focused on legislative efforts to break down barriers for individuals with disabilities. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1627
This candlelight tribute is a special way for Granite Staters to honor the memory of New Hampshire's James Foley this month.  As we mark what would have been James' 41st birthday, we remember his tremendous courage and his extraordinary commitment to reporting from the world's most dangerous places.   http://www.wmur.com/news/manchester-man-organizes-candlelight-tribute-to-slain-journalist-james-foley/29074982
Senator Ayotte was at Osram Sylvania in Hillsboro today to celebrate employee appreciate day and the launch of their new energy efficient LED headlamp.  Workers at Osram Sylvania are doing exciting work to develop innovative automotive lighting right in Hillsboro.  Also as part of today’s event, Osram Sylvania honored the community by donating a Ford F-150 to the Hillsboro Fire Department.
At Saint Anselm College today, Senator Ayotte hosted a roundtable discussion with college administration officials, students, campus police, and local law enforcement to discuss efforts to prevent sexual assaults on campus.  She also received input on bipartisan legislation she recently helped introduce to stop sexual violence on campus and better support survivors.  Today’s meeting was the first in a series of discussions focused on this issue that Senator Ayotte will hold at colleges and universities throughout the state.
Senator Ayotte joined Fred Kocher, Dean Kamen, and others to speak at the NH Forum on the Future breakfast at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics this morning.  The discussion was focused on NH education and workforce needs.
Last Friday, Senator Ayotte was in Concord for the New Hampshire Congressional Law Enforcement Awards ceremony, which honors public safety officers who have put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Thank you to these courageous individuals for their dedicated and outstanding service.
At a reception Monday evening in Washington, Senator Ayotte was honored by The Washington Center for Internships and Academic Seminars for her commitment to public service, and her support for strengthening and increasing access to internship programs. The Washington Center (TWC) also announced it is establishing a scholarship program in Senator Ayotte's name that will provide financial support to women students who are interested in politics and public policy and who are participating in a TWC internship program. Read more: 
NA
In Hudson celebrating the grand opening of the Homeland Heroes Foundation's new Veterans Donation Center!  Our military men and women – who have sacrificed so much to defend our freedom and keep us safe – will now have a “store” where they can pick up items they need, such as clothing, furniture, and appliances, free of charge.
NA
Thank you to the Manchester Fire Department for inviting Senator Ayotte to ride along last night to see firsthand the incredible work they to do save lives. Watch video from last night's ride along here: http://www.wmur.com/news/sen-ayotte-rides-with-manchester-firefighters/28217812   
Yesterday, Senator Ayotte welcomed the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs, Major General (Retired) Richard Wightman, Jr., to Manchester for a briefing on the New Hampshire National Guard's Care Coordination Program (CCP).  During his visit, Secretary Wightman praised New Hampshire's CCP as the best in the nation and discussed several New Hampshire "best practices" that can be modeled in other states. Read more: http://www.unionleader.com/article/20140921/NEWS06/140929843/0/SEARCH
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we reaffirm our commitment to find our fallen heroes and bring them home. #NeverForgotten
Great meeting Tessa Wright, an 11th grade student from Milford High School. Tessa is in Washington as part of Close Up, a program that gives students and educators an inside look at our government.  Tessa's teacher, Stephen Vetack, is accompanying her on her visit to the nation's capital.
Congratulations to New Hampshire’s National Child Awareness Month Youth Ambassador, Luke Testa!  Luke, who is from Derry, started Project Play- an effort to collect used sports equipment and raise money to help underprivileged children participate in sports programs.
On Constitution Day, we celebrate our nation's founding document and how it has shaped the greatest country on Earth.
At a special ceremony on Capitol Hill today, Senator Ayotte honored Joyce Jorgenson of Harrisville as a 2014 Angel in Adoption. Ayotte nominated Joyce for the award in recognition of her efforts to raise awareness and increase public understanding of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD). Joyce became personally familiar with FASD when her son Patrick - whom she adopted as an infant - was diagnosed with the disorder at the age of three. Read more:
In Raymond on Saturday, Senator Ayotte joined residents and local officials to celebrate the town’s 250th anniversary.  Read more: http://www.unionleader.com/article/20140914/NEWS50/140919551/0/SEARCH
Awesome time at the Glendi Festival in Manchester today!
Best of luck to Miss New Hampshire, Megan Cooley, as she competes in the Miss America pageant this weekend.  Megan, who is from Auburn, attends UNH and graduated from Manchester Memorial High School.  Tune in to ABC on Sunday evening at 8 PM to cheer her on as she goes for the crown.  Congratulations Megan, New Hampshire is rooting for you!
Sunrise from Mount Washington
During a special ceremony on Capitol Hill today, Senator Ayotte was honored by The Military Coalition, which consists of 5.5 million members and 33 organizations, for her leadership in protecting the vital interests of our nation's service members, retirees, veterans, and their families. In the wake of the unfair cuts to military pensions as part of the Senate budget deal last year, Senator Ayotte led the fight in Washington to restore military retiree benefits. Read more: 
Never Forget
Thirteen years ago today, nearly 3,000 innocent Americans were murdered in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks against our country.  The pain of their loss endures, and today we pray for their families and renew our vow that we will never forget.  We call to mind the courageous first responders, military men and women, and ordinary citizens who acted heroically in the face of evil and unimaginable horror on that terrible day.  Today we also remember the four Americans killed two years ago in the terrorist attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya.  We honor the memory of Ambassador Chris Stevens, Tyrone Woods, Sean Smith, and Glen Doherty, and we will not rest until all of the terrorists responsible for their murder are brought to justice.  The threats to our country have grown, and it is more important than ever that we stand united, remain vigilant, and provide those who protect our country with the resources they need to carry out their missions.
Senator Ayotte's statement following the president's address to the nation this evening:  "I appreciate that the president has finally said clearly that we must destroy ISIS and that he outlined some important steps toward that goal - including expanded airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, which I have previously called for.  "We have heard tough talk before from the president, and I hope this time he takes decisive actions to match his words.  "Based on the briefing I received today in the Homeland Security Committee about the number of Americans and Western passport holders who have joined ISIS, the estimates that ISIS is raising as much as $1 million a day, and the safe havens they retain in Iraq and Syria, I believe that ISIS is a current threat to our homeland and I disagree with the president's assertion tonight that America is safer.  "Any effective strategy must include tougher measures to ensure that Americans and Western passport holders who have joined ISIS cannot enter the United States of America."
Senator Ayotte met today with New Hampshire members of the National Automobile Dealers Association.
As we observe World Suicide Prevention Day, Senator Ayotte today renewed her call for Congress to take up and pass the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act Reauthorization, bipartisan legislation she is cosponsoring that would help support key suicide prevention efforts.  Too many families in New Hampshire and across our country have been touched by the tragedy of suicide, and we need to better inform the public of early warning signs, as well as work to reduce stigma, so that families and friends are better able to help loved ones in crisis.    If you or someone you know is in trouble, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is there to help and can be reached at 1-800-273-TALK. 
Senator Ayotte had a very special visit today from New Hampshire's High School Principal of the Year, Gene Connolly.  Congratulations Gene, Concord High School is so lucky to have you!
Today Senator Ayotte welcomed the Schuman family of Nashua to Capitol Hill.  She was also glad to meet Gara Maciejewski, an exchange student from the Canary Islands, who is living with the Schumans this year.
TIGER funding for the replacement of the Sarah Long Bridge is terrific news for New Hampshire, the Seacoast region, and Portsmouth Naval Shipyard: 
Today Senator Ayotte helped introduced a bipartisan bill authorizing up to $10 million in rewards for information leading up to the arrest and conviction of any individuals involved in the kidnapping and murders of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff.  Terrorists around the world must know that if they harm Americans, we will hunt them down and bring them to justice. Read more: 
During a special ceremony at Pease Air National Guard base on Sunday, Senator Ayotte praised the members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing for competing successfully to be the first Air National Guard unit in the country to receive the new KC-46A Pegasus refueling tanker. In August, the Air Force announced that Pease had officially been selected as the new home to the KC-46A. Senator Ayotte has advocated for Pease to receive the tanker since 2011. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1574
NA
Senator Ayotte joined firefighters and participants from across New Hampshire for the fourth annual 9-11 Memorial Stair Climb at Brady Sullivan Tower in Manchester this morning.  The climb, which has raised over $50,000 for the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation,  is very special tribute to the memory of the 343 New York City firefighters who were killed during the terrorist attacks on our country on September 11th, 2001.
Senator Ayotte continued her "Conversations with Kelly" tour of New Hampshire businesses today in Dover at Liberty Mutual.
During a stop on Tuesday at Amphenol Printed Circuits in Nashua, Senator Ayotte met with company officials and workers and toured the company's manufacturing facility. Amphenol's Nashua facility, which manufactures advanced defense and aerospace equipment, employs about 300 people. Read more: 
Read Senator Ayotte's op-ed on Russia's growing aggression in Ukraine on CNN.com:
Senator Ayotte released the following statement today regarding reports that the terrorist organization ISIS has murdered American journalist Steven Sotloff, a 2002 graduate of Kimball Union Academy in Meriden:  "My heartfelt sympathy and condolences go out to the family of Steven Sotloff. These despicable acts further underscore the threat that ISIS represents to not only Americans, but also to people of all faiths and nationalities who stand against ISIS's depraved and oppressive ideology. ISIS's barbaric murder of Americans must not go unanswered, and the president must produce a strategy without delay to defeat ISIS."
NA
Senator Ayotte continued her "Conversations with Kelly" tour of New Hampshire businesses in Colebrook on Friday where she met with business owners and workers at Codet Manufacturing, Kheops International and Tillotson Performance Polymers.  She also stopped for lunch at the Dancing Bear Pub and attended the annual North Country Moose Festival!
Today the New Hampshire Humanities Council presented Senator Ayotte with a copy of their map of New Hampshire's cultural treasures. The map, titled "New Hampshire: Our Storied Past and Our Unfolding Future," showcases the Granite State's rich heritage and extraordinary culture. Check out the interactive version of the map here: http://nhhc.org/images/InteractiveMap.pdf
Senator Ayotte was in Manchester this afternoon where she presented bronze and silver awards to members of Hudson Girl Scouts Troop 10224.  What an inspiring group of girls.  There could be some future U.S. senators in this group- and maybe even a future president!
In Concord today, Senator Ayotte met with members of the New Hampshire Motor Transport Association to provide an update on her efforts in Washington to boost transportation infrastructure.  #AyotteTour
Our hearts are broken for the Foley family. James was an innocent civilian who was bravely performing his job as a journalist. This barbaric and heinous act shocks the conscience and highlights the truly evil nature of the terrorists we confront, who must be defeated. My thoughts and prayers are with James Foley’s family at this extremely difficult time.
Senator Ayotte joined Bosch Thermotechnology officials today as they presented grant awards to Manchester West High School and Londonderry High School to support science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education.  Initiatives like the Bosch Community Fund and the STEM grants that were presented today are so important to preparing and inspiring our next generation of innovators by making sure they have the education for success. #AyotteTour
In Londonderry today, Senator Ayotte toured Bosch Thermotechnology and met with workers there to learn about the innovative and exciting work they are doing.  Bosch's facility in Londonderry employs about 100 workers.  #AyotteTour
NA
At Monument Construction in Nashua today, Senator Ayotte met with owner Dan Proulx and the management team, toured the building, and met with employees.  Monument started as a three-man operations six years ago, and now employs over 40 individuals.  It's a veteran-owned small business that gives back so much to New Hampshire's veterans community. #AyotteTour
Senator Ayotte visited Axenics' manufacturing facility in Nashua today as part of her "Conversations with Kelly" tour of New Hampshire businesses. Axenics performs high purity welding, tube bending and complex assembly for the aerospace, life science, semi-conductor and renewable energy markets.
Starting today, Senator Ayotte is once again visiting businesses across New Hampshire, meeting with employers, managers, and workers to hear what's on their minds.   It's a continuation of “Conversations with Kelly” – an initiative she launched last summer as part of her ongoing dialogue with Granite State job creators.  Senator Ayotte kicked off the tour at UPS in Nashua this morning.     #AyotteTour
Nice job, Jack Heath!
I accepted the #icebucketchallenge to #strikeoutALS! Thanks to Neil Levesque and my cousin Mary Blunt for nominating me, and to my special helpers, Kate and Jake. I'll also be making a donation in support of ALS research, and I encourage you to do the same. I challenge WGIR's Jack Heath, Manchester Mayor Ted Gatsas, and Mayor Donnalee Lozeau of Nashua. Good luck!
During a stop today at Coca-Cola's production facility in Londonderry, Senator Ayotte met with company officials and employees and toured the company's bottling and distribution facility. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1557
Senator Ayotte's staff will hold monthly office hours tomorrow, Tuesday, August 12, in Dover from 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM at the following location to assist Strafford County residents with federal matters:  Dover City Hall Second Floor 288 Central Avenue
NA
Senator Ayotte's staff will hold office hours tomorrow, Thursday, August 7, in the following towns to assist local residents with federal matters:  THURSDAY, AUGUST 7  Newbury Town Office, 937 Route 103, 8:00-9:00 AM  Wolfeboro Pubic Library, 259 South Main Street, 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM  Cornish Town Office, 488 Town House Road, 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM  Washington Town Hall, 7 Halfmoon Pond Road, 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM  Madbury Town Office, Noon-1:00 PM  Conway Town Hall, 1634 East Main Street, 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM  More upcoming dates: http://1.usa.gov/1o9NPPu
Good news for NH: Pease and the 157th Air Refueling Wing have been officially selected by the Air Force to receive the new KC-46A air refueling tanker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/V1py0Q
Senator Ayotte's staff will hold office hours tomorrow, Wednesday, August 6th, in the following towns to assist local residents with federal matters:   WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 6:  New Ipswich Town Hall, 661 Turnpike Road, 9:00 - 10:00 AM  Springfield Town Offices, 2750 Main Street, 10:30 AM - 11:30 AM  Greenville Town Hall, 46 Main Street, 10:30 - 11:30 AM  Wilmot Town Office, 9 Kearsarge Valley Road, 9:00-10:00 AM  Andover Town Office, 31 School Street, 10:30-11:30 AM  Salisbury's Academy Hall, 9 Old Coach Road, Noon-1:00 PM  Brookline Town Hall, 1 Main Street, 12:15 - 1:15 PM  Hollis Town Hall, 7 Monument Square, 1:30 - 2:30 PM  Sutton's Pillsbury Memorial Hall, 93 Main Street, Sutton Mills, 2:00-3:00 PM  Unity Town Office, 13 Center Road, 2:30 PM - 3:30 PM  Bradford Community Center, Lower Level, 134 East Main Street, 3:30-4:30 PM  Mason Town Hall, 16 Darling Hill Road, 6:30 - 7:30 PM  More info: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=community_outreach
NA
Senator Ayotte was in Merrimack at the VFW today announcing good news for New Hampshire veterans. The bipartisan VA bill that passed the Senate yesterday ensures those who have served our nation get access to care they deserve and the respect they have earned.  The bill also takes big step toward reforming our VA and bringing accountability to the VA system.  Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1547
NA
Today Senator Ayotte helped introduced bipartisan legislation that takes aim at sexual assaults on college and university campuses.  The bill includes a host of historic reforms to ensure greater coordination between schools and local law enforcement, which will make college campuses safer. To learn more, watch this video of Senator Ayotte at a press conference introducing the bill this morning.    Additional information on the bill can be found here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1542
Senator Ayotte met today with Dave Alcox, who is a teacher at Milford High School, and his wife Chantal.  Dave is a recipient of the American Civic Education Teacher Award, which is given to exceptional teachers of civics and government.  Congratulations Dave, Milford High School is so lucky to have you!
Senator Ayotte welcomed Granite State visitors from Nashua, East Kingston and Bedford to Washington today.
Senator Ayotte's statement commending Ryan M. Pitts of Nashua, a former active duty Army Staff Sergeant, on receiving the Medal of Honor for his extraordinary service in Afghanistan:  "I was humbled and honored to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony recognizing Staff Sergeant Ryan Pitts of Nashua for his courageous actions in the 2008 battle of Wanat, where he selflessly risked his life to try to save his fellow soldiers and defeat the enemy. Staff Sergeant Pitts has said he shares this prestigious honor with his fellow soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice fighting for our freedom - a further testament to his humility and his unwavering devotion to those with whom he served. A true American hero, Staff Sergeant Pitts represents the very best of our country, and New Hampshire is deeply proud to call him one of our own."
Read Senator Ayotte's op-ed in the Union Leader on continuing the fight to protect New Hampshire from online sales tax: 
NA
Yesterday Senator Ayotte welcomed the Meditz family of Brentwood, the Rossetti family of Manchester and the Vinson family of Derry to Capitol Hill.
In Manchester this morning, Senator Ayotte helped kick off New Hampshire’s first ever Mental Health First Aid training program.  The five day program will certify 30 people in Mental Health First Aid by teaching them how to help individuals in crisis and direct them to proper treatment in the community.  Senator Ayotte has introduced bipartisan legislation to boost Mental Health First Aid, and this week’s program in New Hampshire highlights the importance of this training to those who work in schools, hospitals, and law enforcement, as well as the benefits of training first responders, members of veterans service organizations, and other community leaders.
Today, we celebrate the birth of our nation and the principles of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  We also call to mind the generations of brave Americans who have served and sacrificed to secure our freedom. It's because of them that America remains a shining beacon of freedom in the world. I'll be participating in Independence Day celebrations today in Amherst and Merrimack. And I know that all across New Hampshire, residents and visitors alike will enjoy our state's many natural treasures. Whether you're celebrating at a parade, with a backyard BBQ, or going out to see the fireworks, I hope you'll find time to celebrate America's independence - and our cherished freedoms - with friends and family. Stay safe this holiday weekend.  And may God bless America!
Let's go USA!!!! #USAvsBEL #USMNT #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
Joined NH citizens last weekend in Concord for special ceremony to thank our Korean War veterans for their brave service to our country.  Read more here: http://www.nashuatelegraph.com/news/1040626-469/nh-officials-korean-americans-thank-u.s.-military.html
Always great to welcome Granite Staters to Capitol Hill!  Yesterday Senator Ayotte greeted visitors from Hanover, Tilton, Lebanon and Harrisville.
Yesterday Senator Ayotte welcomed Jack Facey of Amherst and his family to Washington.  Jack, who is a senior at Souhegan High School, is one of New Hampshire's Presidential Scholars.  The U.S. Presidential Scholars Program recognizes our country's outstanding graduating high school seniors.  Congratulations Jack, and good luck at Brown University in the fall!
At an official ceremony in the Capitol rotunda today, Senator Ayotte helped present Israeli President Shimon Peres with the Congressional Gold Medal.  Peres, the last surviving member of Israel’s founding generation, is the first sitting president of Israel to receive the Congressional Gold Medal, which is the highest civilian award in the United States and recognizes individuals, organizations, or events that have made a tremendous contribution to the history and culture of our country.  “I cannot think of a more deserving person to receive the Congressional Gold Medal than President Shimon Peres,” said Senator Ayotte. “As one of the founding fathers of Israel, for 67 years, President Peres has been a selfless servant of his beloved country during times of war and peace.  Providing a steady hand, he has been a constant and passionate voice for peace, but most of all not only is he a great leader, he is a man who has a pure heart and the depth of his love for all humanity has made him a drum major for justice not just in Israel but throughout the world.”
NA
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor today to honor the life and legacy of fallen New Hampshire Marine, Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant of Greenfield, who was tragically killed in Afghanistan last week.  Video of her floor remarks here: 
Senator Ayotte released this statement following the president’s announcement that he will award the Medal of Honor to Ryan M. Pitts of Nashua, a former active duty Army Staff Sergeant, for his heroic actions during the battle of Wanat in Afghanistan in 2008: “New Hampshire is tremendously proud of Staff Sergeant Pitts for earning the Medal of Honor.  He showed extraordinary courage in combat, selflessly risking his life for his fellow soldiers.  It is the bravery and self-sacrifice of service members like Staff Sergeant Pitts who secure our freedom and way of life.  I join our entire nation in congratulating him for this prestigious and well-deserved honor.”
Senator Ayotte released the following statement after learning that Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant of New Hampshire died while serving in Afghanistan: “Our hearts are broken by the loss of Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant, a true American hero who made the ultimate sacrifice for the country that he loved. I join citizens across New Hampshire in extending my deepest condolences to his family. We will forever honor the proud legacy that Lance Corporal Garabrant leaves behind.”
Senator Ayotte was honored to join members of the New Hampshire American Legion this morning at their state convention in Manchester.
In Candia this morning, Senator Ayotte helped kick-off the 5th annual New Hampshire Freedom Cup Golf Tournament. Freedom Cup was founded by Len Ouellette in memory of his son Michael, who was killed five years ago while bravely serving our country in Afghanistan. Through this event and Freedom Cup's great work to provide financial support for active duty service members and our veterans, Michael's selfless spirit lives on. Special thanks to all the organizers and volunteers who made this year's tournament a success!
Yesterday Senator Ayotte played in the sixth annual Congressional Women's Softball Game.  Each year the Women of Congress take on the Press Corps for a match that benefits the Young Survival Coalition, an organization devoted to helping young women diagnosed with breast cancer.  This year the Women of Congress took back the trophy!! #CWSG
As part of her ongoing efforts to address the nation's growing heroin and prescription drug epidemics, Senator Ayotte (R-NH) has introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN) that aims to stop the abuse of prescription pain medication while also giving law enforcement the tools they need to prevent heroin use and addiction. Read more: 
I am deeply saddened by the passing this weekend of my grandfather, John Sullivan – a decorated World War II veteran who lived in Nashua. At 98, he lived a long and full life, and I know that he is in heaven with his beloved wife, my grandmother, Mary Sullivan. But his loss leaves a hole in our hearts that can never be filled. Coming from the ‘Greatest Generation,’ my grandfather was one of the last of a special group of Americans whose bravery represented the very best of our nation. I will forever cherish the many fond memories I have of him. He was a source of wisdom who taught me that we all have a responsibility to give back to our country. I will miss him dearly and strive to carry on his legacy of service.
On Friday, Senator Ayotte celebrated the grand opening of the Mount Washington Museum's "Extreme Mount Washington" - an interactive experience that lets visitors learn about the mountain's famous extreme weather conditions, right where they occur.
Watch Senator Ayotte on WMUR discussing the bipartisan VA reform package that includes good news for New Hampshire veterans. The bill contains a provision Senator Ayotte worked to include that would allow veterans in states without a full-service VA hospital, like New Hampshire, to obtain care from a non-VA provider if they live more than 20 miles from the nearest full-service VA hospital.  
Happy Father's Day! So grateful for my grandfather, dad and step-dad, who have all made a difference in my life. And for my wing man, Joe, who is an awesome dad to Kate and Jake!
Yesterday Senator Ayotte met with David Lahme, President of TradePort USA, to discuss her ongoing efforts to protect businesses in New Hampshire from burdensome online sales tax requirements. TradePort USA, which is based in Somersworth, employs 16 workers and sells used and refurbished brand-name consumer electronics at discount prices. 
Senator Ayotte was very glad to welcome the Sweet family of Nashua and the Kalgren family of Bedford to Washington today.
Senator Ayotte released the following statement regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs patient access audit released today, which found that more than 57,000 veterans are currently waiting for appointments at VA facilities across the country.  The report indicated that the VA Medical Center in Manchester and the VA hospital in White River Junction, both of which serve New Hampshire veterans, are not among those flagged for further review and investigation.  “No veteran should have to wait more than 90 days for an appointment, and New Hampshire veterans should be given the choice of seeing a private provider so they don’t have to wait in line or be forced to travel hours to seek care,” said Senator Ayotte.  “The bipartisan VA reform legislation being crafted in the Senate will help address the systemic, nationwide problems detailed in the audit released today, and I’m hopeful the Senate will quickly take up this legislation once it’s finalized to make sure veterans can get the timely care they deserve.”
Senator Ayotte's statement commemorating the 70th anniversary of D-Day: “70 years ago today, tens of thousands of Americans joined forces from Allied nations and conducted one of the most ambitious and pivotal amphibious assaults in military history—beginning a campaign that would liberate millions of Europeans from Nazi oppression.  As the granddaughter of a World War II veteran and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I join all Americans in honoring the heroic soldiers from units such as the 1st and 29th Infantry Divisions who charged into Nazi gunfire on Omaha Beach, soldiers of the 4th Infantry Division who stormed Utah Beach, paratroopers of the 101st Airborne Division ‘Screaming Eagles’ and 82nd Airborne Division ‘All-American’ who parachuted behind enemy lines, Rangers who scaled the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc, and airmen and sailors who supported them overhead and at sea.   “Americans stormed the beaches of Normandy not to conquer a country but to liberate a continent.  Millions enjoy freedom and security today because of the courage, skill, and patriotism of those American and Allied heroes who risked all and made the ultimate sacrifice at Normandy.  We honor them, and we will never forget their sacrifice.”
Today, Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome students from Monroe Consolidated School and Indian River School in Canaan to Washington.
Senator Ayotte enjoyed welcoming 8th grade students from Cornish Elementary School to Capitol Hill today!
Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) have introduced bipartisan legislation aimed at bringing greater awareness to the dangers of prescription opioid abuse and heroin addiction. The resolution would designate the week of October 27-November 2 as "National Drug Take-Back Week" and designate October as "National Prescription Opioid and Heroin Abuse Awareness Month." The resolution supports the goals of drug take back efforts and calls for greater public attention to the hazards of prescription drug abuse and heroin use. Read more:  
Senator Ayotte was in Manchester today visiting Autodesk, one of New Hampshire's premier high-tech companies, where she met with Autodesk executives and employees and learned about the exciting work they are doing.
Senator Ayotte's statement on Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki's resignation: "While I appreciate Secretary Shinseki's service to our country, his resignation was a necessary step to allow new leadership to fix the gross systemic failures at the VA. President Obama's nominee to lead the department must bring action, transparency, and speed to the administration's response, which thus far has lacked the urgency our veterans deserve. The Senate will carefully and thoroughly review that nominee to ensure those qualities are met. As the administration's audit continues, those found responsible for negligence, fraud, or other misconduct must be held fully accountable, and the Senate must take up and pass legislation to make it easier to fire VA officials who have participated in wrongdoing. The VA must also immediately eliminate the waitlists by assisting veterans in seeking care at private health care facilities."
Today Senator Ayotte visited Enterprise Center at Plymouth where she learned about the services the center provides to entrepreneurs and business owners throughout central New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte was in Manchester today for Business NH Magazine's 2014 Business of the Year Awards.  Congratulations to all of this year's honorees!
Senator Ayotte's statement on the VA Inspector General's interim report released today: "The IG's interim findings confirm reports of systemic, gross misconduct at the VA, denying care to thousands of veterans at one facility alone while employees gamed the scheduling system. Such treatment of our veterans - who have served and sacrificed so much for our nation -- is shameful, and the administration's response so far has been totally inadequate. Fixing these serious problems must be the administration's highest priority - starting with new leadership at the VA. The Justice Department must also thoroughly investigate evidence of criminal conduct and prosecute those responsible to the fullest extent of the law."
Today Senator Ayotte met with officials and toured GE Aviation's plant in Hooksett to learn about the facility's manufacturing operations.  She also held a Q&A session with GE Aviation employees.
Senator Ayotte met today with officials at the Nashua Municipal Airport and toured Infinity Aviation, the airport's largest single employer.
Senator Ayotte was glad to join New Hampshire law enforcement this morning for this year's Torch Run benefiting Special Olympics New Hampshire!
At a press conference held at Hollis Town Hall on May 27, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte and officials of TDS Telecom celebrated the launch of the service, designed to meet the ever-growing demand by customers for bandwidth.
Today Senator Ayotte was in Raymond for the opening of the Regional Economic Development Center, which will serve as a hub for economic development and job creation in southern New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte participated in a Memorial Day event at Nashua North this morning in support of MooreMart, a great New Hampshire organization which does so much for our troops and military families.
Today we honor the brave American servicemen and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. Click here to view a special Memorial Day message from Senator Ayotte http://t.co/FFe32tsDeL
NA
Today Senator Ayotte met with Kevin Owens of Bedford who will be representing New Hampshire in the National Georgraphy Bee in our nation's capital on Thursday.  Congratulations Kevin - New Hampshire is proud of you!
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome students visiting from Iber Holmes Gove Middle School in Raymond to Capitol Hill today!
NA
Great to see students from Nashua Catholic Regional Junior High on Capitol Hill today!
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte enjoyed welcoming New Hampshire law enforcement officers to her Capitol Hill office.  She visited with officers from Lyndeborough, West Lebanon, Temple, Wilton, Salem, Chester, Merrimack, Hooksett, Keene, Windham and Manchester, and thanked them for their exceptional service to our state.  Here are a few photos from the reception.
Senator Ayotte enjoyed meeting today with Enfield Chief of Police Dick Crate and Lincoln Chief of Police Ted Smith.
As we celebrate Law Enforcement Week, Senator Ayotte was glad to meet with police officers from Rockingham County this afternoon and thank them for all they do to keep Granite Staters safe.
Today Senator Ayotte welcomed students visiting from Salem Christian School to Capitol Hill!
Senator Ayotte released the following statement tonight regarding the death of Officer Steve Arkell of the Brentwood Police Department:              “This was a senseless and shocking tragedy, and I send my prayers and condolences to Officer Arkell’s family as well as the Brentwood Police Department. Losing a police officer in the line of duty leaves a hole in our hearts that can never be filled, and I pray that Officer Arkell’s family, friends and fellow officers will find strength in the difficult days ahead.”
Praying for the safety of all the first responders in Brentwood.
Senator Ayotte released the following statement today regarding National Small Business Week:  "Small businesses are the backbone of New Hampshire's economy, and this week we recognize the entrepreneurial spirit of our nation's small business owners. In my travels across our state, I've heard valuable input from small business owners about ways to help them succeed and grow - including eliminating federal red tape and burdensome regulations. We need to make sure that policies coming out of Washington drive job creation, and I'll continue my efforts to advance pro-growth policies aimed at creating a better economic climate for small businesses to grow and create jobs."
Congratulations to New Hampshire's Alex Preston, who made it to the top 3 on American Idol! We're so proud of you and can't wait to welcome you home this weekend!
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome Granite Staters to Coffee with Kelly this morning - which she hosts every Thursday on Capitol Hill when the Senate is in session! Learn more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=coffee_with_kelly
Great to see students from Pelham Memorial School yesterday!
Senator Ayotte was glad to help kick off the National Council for Behavioral Health's Hill day today and highlight some of her efforts in the Senate to strengthen our nation’s mental health system.  She also enjoyed meeting with Maggie Pritchard, CEO of Genesis Behavioral Health in Laconia, and Roland Lamy, Executive Director of the New Hampshire Community Behavioral Health Association.
Today Senator Ayotte enjoyed hearing Quinn Griffith of Lee, one of New Hampshire's top volunteers for 2014, play the fiddle on the steps of the U.S. Capitol for students visiting Washington from Windham Middle School!
Senator Ayotte today called on President Obama to pursue severe sanctions on the terrorist group Boko Haram, which has claimed responsibility for the recent abduction in Nigeria of more than 200 girls. Ayotte joined all women Senators in writing a letter to the president urging the administration to pursue international sanctions on Boko Haram by seeking its addition to the United Nations Security Council's al-Qa'ida Sanctions List.  Read more:   http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1412
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome New Hampshire's top youth volunteers, Caroline Carter of Dover and Quinn Griffith of Lee, to Capitol Hill today.  Caroline and Quinn received the 2014 Prudential Spirit of the Community Award for their outstanding volunteer service.
Yesterday, Senator Ayotte helped welcome home members of the 238th Medevac Unit of the New Hampshire Army National Guard after their deployment to Afghanistan.
This week, Senator Ayotte visited businesses in Merrimack, Manchester and Portsmouth.  She also provided an update to members of the Keene and Milford rotary clubs on her work in the U.S. Senate, and hosted a roundtable discussion with local law enforcement and public health officials on New Hampshire's heroin crisis.
Senator Ayotte along with members of the New Hampshire congressional delegation today hosted Air Force Secretary Deborah James at Pease Air National Guard Base in Portsmouth for a facility tour and meetings with the servicemen and women of the New Hampshire Air National Guard's 157th Air Refueling Wing.  Here are a few photos from their visit.
Senator Ayotte enjoyed having so many visitors from the Granite State at her weekly Coffee with Kelly this morning!
Senator Ayotte was glad to meet today with members of the New Hampshire Air and Army National Guard and thank them for their dedicated service to our country.
Great to have so many New Hampshire families in our nation's capital today!
Senator Ayotte and Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) announced today that they've introduced the "Stop Wasteful Federal Bonuses Act" - bipartisan legislation that would prohibit bonuses for federal employees who haven't paid taxes or who have conduct problems.  Read more:  
Senator Ayotte was glad to welcome students from Hillside & Parkside middle schools in Manchester to Capitol Hill today!
Ahead of Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James' visit to Pease Air National Guard base on Friday, Senator Ayotte today asked Secretary James and the Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark Welsh III, for a status update regarding the KC-46A air refueling tanker.  The officials assured Senator Ayotte that everything is on track and that the aircraft will begin test flights in June.  Watch a video of their exchange here:  
This week, Senator Ayotte visited businesses in Merrimack, Manchester and Portsmouth.  She also provided an update to members of the Keene and Milford rotary clubs on her work in the U.S. Senate, and hosted a roundtable discussion with local law enforcement and public health officials on New Hampshire's heroin crisis.
NA
NA
NA
NA
Good luck to all the runners - including Granite Staters - participating in today's Boston Marathon!
This afternoon, Senator Ayotte presented Kathryn Fernald of Londonderry with a Purple Heart for her grandfather's courageous service to our nation during World War I.
NA
NA
Senator Ayotte was in Londonderry this afternoon to meet with local and state officials about transportation infrastructure needs and legislation she has introduced that would boost transportation infrastructure initiatives like the Pettengill Road project.
Great talking with government & politics students at Londonderry High School today!
Enjoyed meeting with representatives at Dell in Nashua this morning to talk about business operations as well as tour the facility's design center and lab. Dell Nashua employs over 600 workers.
Today we remember those who were lost or injured one year ago in Boston - including those with New Hampshire ties.  Our thoughts will also be with the many Granite Staters and runners from across the country as they take part in Monday’s marathon. And we find inspiration in the extraordinary examples of recovery and resilience that have come to define the true spirit of "Boston Strong."
Welcoming home members of 237th Military Police Company & thanking them for their brave service!
The Senate Commerce Committee has approved bipartisan legislation co-sponsored by Senator Ayotte that aims to promote American innovation and boost U.S. manufacturing. Read more:   
Senator Ayotte released the following statement today regarding the release of a report on duplication and overlap across the federal government:  
Senator Ayotte welcomed students from the Lincoln Akerman School in Hampton Falls to Capitol Hill this afternoon!
NA
Today Senator Ayotte met with Bill Lonergan, Associate Dean of students at Pinkerton Academy, who was named New Hampshire's Assistant Principal of the year!
Senator Ayotte met with Olympic athlete Nicholas Fairall of New London today and learned about his experience competing in Sochi for Team USA in the ski jumping event.
NA
Senator Ayotte met today with David Belletete of Jaffrey, Daniel Keith of Portsmouth and John Voter of Derry,  New Hampshire representatives from the  Northeastern Retail Lumber Association (NRLA) , as well as Jeff Keller, the NRLA's government affairs representative.
Senator Ayotte met with students from Merrimack Christian Academy at the U.S. Capitol this afternoon.
Senator Ayotte joined several members of the New England congressional delegation in attending the White House celebration for the 2013 World Series Champions Boston Red Sox!
NA
Today Senator Ayotte attended the grand opening of Safran Aerospace Composites and Albany Engineering Composites new facility in Rochester.  Read more: http://www.boston.com/news/local/new-hampshire/2014/03/31/aerospace-companies-mark-opening-plant/USRspy8NKdV6gQiKp55KJK/story.html
On Friday, Senator Ayotte participated in a special ceremony at the State House honoring Sergeant First Class Paul Dimond (U.S. Army Reserves) of Manchester, who was awarded the Purple Heart Medal for his brave and extraordinary service to our country in Afghanistan.  Sergeant Dimond was injured in an IED explosion while serving in Afghanistan in 2011.  Even though the explosion took place five meters from him, he reacted quickly and accounted for the members of his team - and helped them get medical attention. 
NA
NA
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, led a bipartisan congressional delegation mission last week that included stops in Afghanistan, Israel and Ukraine.  She, along with Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN)  and Congressman Stephen Lynch (D-MA), met with government and political leaders in all three countries.
NA
NA
Read Saturday's Foster's Daily Democrat editorial on Senator Ayotte's bill, the Victims Protection Act, which is aimed at preventing and better prosecuting sexual assaults in the military:
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
In response to questioning by Senator Ayotte at an Armed Services Committee hearing on Tuesday, the head of the Air Force's Air Mobility Command praised Pease Air National Guard base and the performance of the 157th Air Refueling Wing, which is set to receive the KC-46A refueling tanker beginning in fiscal year 2018 pending the results of an environmental impact statement.  Read more in today's Foster's Daily Democrat:  http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20140313/GJNEWS_01/140319660&template=PortsmouthRegion  Video of Senator Ayotte's exchange with General Paul Selva at Tuesday's hearing is below.   
Special visitor today on Capitol Hill - Flat Stanley from Ms. Murphy’s 3rd grade class at Nashua’s Charlotte Ave Elementary!
As part of her ongoing efforts to protect New Hampshire's online retailers from having to collect sales taxes for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country, Senator Ayotte raised serious concerns today about the misnamed "Marketplace Fairness Act" in a letter to House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte - whose panel held a hearing on the issue of online sales tax collection today. Ayotte urged Goodlatte to reject the bill, which she said will result in massive compliance costs that will cripple small online businesses. Read more: 
NA
The Senate voted 97-0 tonight to pass legislation Senator Ayotte authored with Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) to address sexual assault in the military and better protect victims.  
Congratulations to Josiah Boggs of Nashua on receiving the Gen. Carl A. Spaatz Award and achieving the rank of NH Civil Air Patrol cadet colonel!
Join Lean In & Girl Scouts to encourage girls to lead.
NA
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor yesterday to make the case for her bipartisan legislation that adds tough new reforms to prevent military sexual assault and better support victims.  Watch video here: 
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte welcomed over 50 New Hampshire residents to our nation's capital for her weekly Coffee with Kelly meeting.
Senator Ayotte met this afternoon with Ron Reilly, Adjutant of the New Hampshire DAV, to discuss veterans issues.
This morning Senator Ayotte welcomed members of the New Hampshire Credit Union League to Capitol Hill.
Business and Industry Association Washington update
Our hearts go out to the family and friends of John Durkin.  They are all in our thoughts and prayers during this very sad time.
NA
NA
Last night, Senator Ayotte attended the grand opening of the new Bass Pro Shop in Hooksett.  Here are a few photos from the event.
Toured Berlin Vet Center in Gorham this morning and was so impressed by the work they're doing. Read more:  http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1281
Congratulations to Manchester's Puritan Backroom restaurant on 40 years as a favorite New Hampshire family destination!  
NA
Senator Ayotte was joined today by leaders from New Hampshire's veterans and military service organizations at VFW Post 8641 in Merrimack to discuss successful efforts she led in Washington to restore military retirees' pension benefits.
Having led the fight in Washington against unfair cuts to military retirees' pensions, Senator Ayotte voted today to approve legislation that restores military retirement benefits for current military retirees and protects service members who enlisted before January 1, 2014. Read more:  
NA
NA
NA
This afternoon Senator Ayotte met with AP U.S. Government students from the Dublin School.
NA
This week Senator Ayotte met with Deputy Secretary of Defense Christine Fox- the highest ranking female official in history to serve at the Department of Defense.
NA
Glad to hear Julia Krass of Hanover is on her way to Sochi to compete with the U.S. Olympic ski team!  New Hampshire will be cheering for her.  
Senator Ayotte released this statement Tuesday evening following the president's State of the Union address:   "The American people sent us to Washington to fully debate the issues and solve tough problems. President Obama identified several areas where Republicans and Democrats must work together, and one of them is strengthening our nation's infrastructure. I hope he'll take a serious look at bipartisan legislation I recently helped introduce that would create a fund to finance infrastructure projects without using taxpayer dollars. I also hope the president is serious about reforming our corporate tax code -- the highest in the world - to simplify and lower rates, which would make America more competitive, help grow jobs and keep investment here.   "It was a glaring omission that the President's speech didn't address the serious problems with Obamacare. New Hampshire citizens have told me they're losing their doctors, seeing their coverage cancelled or having to pay more for it. We need to tackle these problems head on."
Senator Ayotte is honored to have Air Force Captain Jeffrey Osgood, a Pease-based pilot, as her guest for tonight's State of the Union Address.  Ayotte met Capt. Osgood last year while he was serving in Afghanistan.
Continuing to lead efforts in Congress to repeal unfair cuts to military retirement benefits, Senator Ayotte today announced a new proposal to fully repeal the Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees that was included in last month's budget deal - which she voted against.  She will offer the new proposal as an amendment to flood insurance legislation that is currently pending in the Senate.  Read more:   
Senator Ayotte recently announced the names of more than 40 New Hampshire students she nominated to attend one of the nation's service academies.   Here are several photos from the reception she hosted to honor the nominees in Concord.
Congratulations to Dover's DJ Montigny who is the son of a Team Ayotte member.  He's heading to Sochi tomorrow to coach the U.S.  Olympic ski team.  Read more:   
NA
NA
As we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., let us reflect on these words - from his "I Have a Dream" speech 50 years ago last summer - that hold special meaning for Granite Staters: "Let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire."
"I'm continuing to work with my colleagues to solve this problem by advancing a solution that both parties can support. This is a good faith proposal to pay for a temporary extension of long-term unemployment insurance and reverse unfair military retiree cuts, and there's no reason it shouldn't get a vote on the Senate floor," said Senator Ayotte. 
Good luck, Scotty Lago! NH is rooting for you to make the US Olympic team!
Meeting with Granite Staters at my weekly coffee held every Thursday when the Senate is in session.  
 http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=coffee_with_kelly
NA
Senator Ayotte's statement regarding reports of a video showing that U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl is alive: “If these reports are accurate, this is welcome evidence that Bowe is still alive.  Americans do not forget or leave behind service members who fall into enemy hands, and it is unacceptable that an American service member has languished in captivity for so long.  I urge the Department of Defense to devote more resources and a greater sense of urgency to finding Bowe and reuniting him with his loved ones.”
At a hearing yesterday before the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Ayotte called for tough oversight and restrictions to prevent wasteful spending on conferences and travel across federal agencies. Read more: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1232
NA
Senator Ayotte received confirmation from the Pentagon that in addition to reducing the cost of living adjustment for military retirees (including those medically retired due to injuries), the budget agreement that Congress passed last month would also reduce the COLA for Survivor Benefit Plans (SBP) (often for military widows), as well as Concurrent Retired and Disability Pay (CRDP) and Combat-Related Special Compensation (CRSC).
NA
On Monday, Senator Ayotte introduced an amendment to the unemployment extension legislation that would pay for a three-month extension of temporary long-term unemployment benefits, fix the unfair military pension cuts included in last month's budget agreement, and reduce the deficit.
Senator Ayotte released this statement after voting to begin debate on legislation to extend temporary longterm unemployment benefits:  "I sympathize with Granite Staters who are struggling to find work and I want to see them get back on the job. While I voted to begin debate on this legislation, I continue to believe that any temporary extension should be paid for in a responsible manner, and I hope both parties will work together to find a solution."
NA
Dropped the opening puck and watched Nashua police and firefighters face off at the Nashua Police Athletic League's winter classic this evening - great time!
A CHRISTMAS MESSAGE FROM SENATOR KELLY AYOTTE  Dear Friends,   Christmas is a special time of year in New Hampshire.  There's nothing like snow on the ground and a chill in the air to get you in the holiday spirit.  With two young kids at home, I can't wait for Christmas morning -  I know that it will be an exciting time at our house.  But Christmas is about so much more than presents under the tree.  It's a season of giving and goodwill. And it's a time to gather with family and friends to give thanks for our many blessings.  As Americans, we're blessed to live in the greatest nation on Earth.  As we look to the promise of a New Year, may we join together and commit ourselves to building an even stronger and more prosperous country.  From my home to yours, I wish you and yours a Merry Christmas -- warmed by family, friends, and faith.  And I send my best wishes for a happy and healthy New Year.  I look forward to seeing you in 2014!
Defense Bill Includes Ayotte Legislation to Combat Military Sexual Assault, Provide Support to Victims
Senator Ayotte released this statement following tonight's vote on the budget deal: “With billions in wasteful spending throughout the federal government, it’s a false choice to suggest that the government would shut down unless military retiree benefits are cut. Saying we should just pass this budget agreement with these offensive military retiree cuts in it and fix it later is a cop out and no comfort to our military retirees, who now have to rely on Washington politicians to change a law they voted for. With the Congressional Budget Office estimating that the federal government will spend $47 trillion over the next decade, the notion that we can’t find $6 billion from somewhere else is absolutely ridiculous.”
Ayotte staff holding constituent office hours tomorrow, Thursday, December 19, in Monroe, Lyman, Mason, and Landaff:  Monroe Town Office 152 Woodsville Road 8:30 AM - 9:30 AM    Lyman Town Hall 65 Parker Hill Road 10:00 - 11:00 AM   Mason Town Office 6 Darling Hill Road 11:00 AM - Noon   Landaff Town Hall 12 Center Hill Road 11:30 AM - 12:30 PM
NA
Senator Ayotte said today the Defense Department has confirmed that the budget proposal pending in the Senate would reduce benefits of service members forced to retire due to injuries.  "It's appalling," she said.
Leaders from New Hampshire military and veterans service organizations joined Senator Ayotte in Merrimack today to call for replacing a provision in the budget proposal that cuts benefits for military retirees.  Read more here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1203
Senator Ayotte, along with Senator Graham and Senator Wicker, is urging her Senate colleagues to find alternative savings to replace a provision in the budget agreement that cuts retirement benefits for current and future military retirees by approximately $6 billion.
Senator Ayotte's statement on the budget agreement: "I cannot support a budget agreement that fails to deal with the biggest drivers of our debt, but instead pays for more federal spending on the backs of our active duty and military retirees - those who have put their lives on the line to defend us. My hope is that both parties can work together to replace these unfair cuts that impact our men and women in uniform with more responsible savings, such as the billions that the Government Accountability Office has identified in waste, duplication and fraud across the federal government."
Senators Shaheen and Ayotte released the following statement after voting to confirm Landya McCafferty as the next federal district court judge for the District of New Hampshire: "Landya is exceptionally qualified and experienced and will be a great addition to the federal bench for the District of New Hampshire. We look forward to her service as the first woman to hold this position in our state now that the Senate has cleared her historic nomination."
NA
At Freedom Salute ceremony to officially welcome home members of the 169th Medevac Detachment who performed critical life-saving missions in Afghanistan.
Today we remember the brave Americans who were killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor 72 years ago. We will forever honor their sacrifice.
NA
NA
Senator Ayotte hosted a roundtable discussion in Portsmouth this morning to hear from Seacoast business leaders about how Obamacare is impacting their businesses and employees.
Happy Thanksgiving! Today we count our blessings and give thanks for our faith, family, and friends -- and our great nation and those who defend us!
Senator Ayotte was in Bedford today to meet with workers at Vectronix/Optics 1, which designs and manufactures cutting-edge electro-optical and precision systems that help our service members perform their missions safely.
Today Senator Ayotte signed a petition and wrote to the FDA on behalf of McKenzie Lowe, a 12-year old girl from Hudson who is battling a rare and aggressive form of brain cancer. McKenzie's family is asking the FDA to approve compassionate use of an experimental treatment that could help her -- please show your support by signing the petition! 
Glad to be at Mall of NH this morning to help kick off the annual Toys for Tots drive.  You can drop off toys in the mall's Center Court beginning today through 12/16.
At Pease this morning for the dedication of the new air squadron operations facility
My aunt Sheila and I survived the Wolf Hollow Half Marathon today in Nashua- fun, but cold!
Today Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of women Senators to speak against sexual assault in the military and highlight the historic reforms included in the defense bill that would help address sexual assault in the military and better protect victims of these crimes.
NA
NA
NA
"Ray's commitment to improving the lives of his constituents truly raised the bar for public service in our state. Always quick to share wit and wisdom, he served with tremendous enthusiasm, remarkable diligence, and a deep and abiding love for the people of the North Country. Ray touched so many lives and he will be deeply missed."
Sunrise from Mount Washington
Today we say thank you to the generations of brave servicemen and women who have served our country. We are a free and blessed nation only because of their service and sacrifice.
NA
Senator Ayotte was in Salem this morning to attend the Woodbury School's annual Veterans Day program, which is sponsored by the 6th grade class.  What a wonderful way to honor New Hampshire's veterans!
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor Wednesday to read from emails and letters she has received from New Hampshire citizens who are seeing their health insurance policies cancelled, having their work hours cut, and facing increased costs.
NA
NA
NA
It was a privilege to honor Councilor Ray Burton at today's dedication of the new Mount Washington scenic overlook, which will bear his name. We're so grateful for Ray's extraordinary service on behalf of the people of the North Country and the state of New Hampshire!
NA
NA
AMAZING SOX WIN!!!!!!!! WORLD SERIES CHAMPS!!!!! #BostonStrong
NA
Introducing bipartisan bill today with Senators Collins, McCaskill, and Heitkamp to help close serious gaps in government security clearance system in wake of Navy Yard tragedy and other incidents.
NA
NA
http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1141
NA
Senator Ayotte's offices in New Hampshire and Washington are open and have resumed normal operations.  Click here for contact information if you need assistance: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=offices
Senator Ayotte released the following statement last night after the Senate voted 81 to 18 in support of a bipartisan agreement to reopen the federal government and address the debt limit:   "I'm glad that Republicans and Democrats have reached an agreement that will end the government shutdown and address the debt ceiling in the short term. However, much work remains to be done to address the underlying fiscal challenges that brought us to this point - including our $17 trillion debt. Americans are rightfully tired and frustrated, and we owe it to them to stop governing by crisis and start working together to solve problems."
VIDEO: Senator Ayotte joined Senators Collins and Murkowski on the TODAY Show this morning to discuss bipartisan efforts to resolve the government shutdown and debt ceiling crisis.
In a joint oped, Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen call for both parties to stop the partisan gamemanship, and start governing and working together in good faith.
Appalachian Mountain Club is posting status updates on AMC operations, White Mountain National Forest trails, and the Appalachian Trail and New England Trail on their website to help those planning trips for the upcoming weekend.
http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1130
Senator Ayotte's statement on today's unanimous Senate vote to approve legislation that helps ensure our military continues to be paid in the event of a government shutdown:   "This bill helps ensure that active and reserve component members of our military, as well as civilian Department of Defense workers - including the dedicated workforce at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard - can receive the pay they have earned even if a shutdown occurs," said Senator Ayotte. "Our military men and women should not face uncertainty over their pay because of political dysfunction in Washington, and I continue to hope that a compromise can be reached to keep the government running and prevent a shutdown." Full statement: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1127
Read Senator Ayotte's full statement on today's vote: “I voted in support of considering these amendments because I want to keep the government open, and because I fully support delaying ObamaCare and repealing the medical device tax.  New Hampshire citizens are seeing less choice and higher costs as a result of the health care law, and our state’s medical device manufacturers say that the nearly $30 billion medical device tax will make it harder for them to invest and grow – and stands to threaten New Hampshire jobs.  “I’m disappointed that Senate Democrats blocked consideration of these amendments, which will only worsen the current legislative stalemate and increase the likelihood of a shutdown.  As this legislation moves back to the House of Representatives, I’m hopeful that we can reach a compromise that averts a government shutdown and also addresses the serious problems Americans are experiencing as a result of the health care law.”
NA
NA
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we remember and honor America's POW/MIA heroes and renew our promise to bring them home.
NA
In the wake of Monday’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte called for a hearing by the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to examine federal contractor hiring practices at military installations. Here’s what she wrote..
NA
With media reports indicating that Washington Navy Yard gunman Aaron Alexis had a troubled past – including several incidents that came to the attention of law enforcement – Senator Ayotte said senators need to fully understand contracting hiring practices at military installations to ensure that federal contractors are qualified, fit to serve, and don’t pose a danger to the workforce, or our national security.
Senator Ayotte was honored this week by the National Council for Behavioral Health for her efforts to strengthen the nation's mental health system.  Jay Couture, Executive Director of the Seacoast Mental Health Center, and Roland Lamy, Jr., Executive Director of the NH Community Behavioral Health Association, presented Senator Ayotte with the 2013 Legislator of the Year Award, citing her work in support of the Mental Health First Aid Act - bipartisan legislation she introduced in January with Senator Mark Begich (D-AK) that would promote mental health first aid training in communities throughout the country. http://1.usa.gov/15AP0NJ
On #ConstitutionDay we reaffirm the founding principles enshrined in our Constitution, which was signed 226 years ago today.
Senator Ayotte released this statement on Monday regarding the tragic events at the Navy Yard in Washington, D.C.:  "I'm deeply saddened by the tragedy today at the Naval Sea Systems Command Headquarters in Washington, where many members of our military, as well as Department of Defense civilians, work. My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected - especially the victims and their families, and our first responders on the scene. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Homeland Security Committee, I am monitoring developments and will closely follow the investigation as it unfolds."
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released the following statement on Wednesday regarding Syria:   "In reflecting on the president's speech and the many briefings I have received on Syria, despite my best attempts to discern it, I am left with the conclusion that the administration's strategy on Syria is incoherent and inconsistent. While I believe we have important strategic interests in the region, I could not at this time support committing U.S. military force in Syria in the absence of a well thought out strategy and plan to achieve definable military objectives that are consistent with our national security interests and those of our allies."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlErE4vSoTQ&feature=c4-overview&list=UUe_jD6bQuBwAo4CxwUm_ztw
One year since the Benghazi attack, Senator Ayotte is demanding answers from the president of Libya and FBI Director James Comey following reports that the Libyan government has not fully cooperated with efforts to arrest the suspects in the attack who remain on the loose.  Click the link below to read the letters she sent today with Senator Graham.
Moments ago, Senator Ayotte joined colleagues on the steps of the U.S. Capitol for a special 9/11 remembrance ceremony.
NA
Today we remember those we lost 12 years ago on September 11, 2001 - including the brave first responders who gave their lives.  They and their families remain in our hearts and we will never forget.  We also honor the memory of Ambassador Chris Stevens, Tyrone Woods, Glen Doherty, and Sean Smith, who were killed in the Benghazi attack one year ago today - we must bring to justice the terrorists responsible for their deaths. #NeverForget
NA
NA
NA
Thank you, William Murphy, for your service to our nation.  The people of New Hampshire are grateful!
Senator Ayotte is visiting businesses across the state as part of her ongoing dialogue with New Hampshire business owners, focusing on ways to help them grow and thrive.
During the next few weeks, Senator Ayotte is visiting businesses across the state as part of her ongoing dialogue with New Hampshire business owners,  focusing on ways to help Granite State businesses succeed and grow.  Check back here for updates and on Twitter using the #AyotteTour hashtag.
NA
NA
Enjoyed seeing Manchester Deputy Chief Nick Willard yesterday - an excellent police officer and a great friend!
At today's groundbreaking ceremony for the Manchester job corps center - a positive step toward ensuring employers in Manchester and across the state have access to skilled workers.  Pleased that a New Hampshire firm was selected through competitive bid process to build this facility.
NA
Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen were joined by small business leaders and federal officials at a field hearing this afternoon to discuss ways to spur innovation and job growth, and to help New Hampshire's small businesses grow and thrive.
In Case You Missed It: On yesterday's Meet the Press, Senator Ayotte talked with NBC's David Gregory and Senator Jack Reed about what the U.S. should do in response to the current situation in Egypt.
Grateful for the courageous service and sacrifice of New Hampshire's Korean War veterans.
Senator Ayotte and her family recently joined Coast Guard personnel and members of the Portsmouth community for a special ceremony to welcome the Coast Guard cutter Eagle to Portsmouth Harbor.  The historic Eagle, which the Coast Guard uses as a training vessel for cadets, visited as part of Sail Portsmouth 2013.  Many thanks to the dedicated Coast Guard personnel who help keep our waterways safe!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeSQei65mGc&feature=youtu.be
Speaking at the Memorial Bridge opening ceremony in Portsmouth
Historic day for the Seacoast as the new Memorial Bridge opens!
Today's Foster's Daily Democrat editorial on Senator Ayotte's call to improve federal role in fishing regs
Check out the New York Times travel guide to Portsmouth for fun things to do this summer!
More than 10 months after the terrorist attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Senator Ayotte is calling on the new FBI director to report to Congress on the progress of the investigation.
NA
NA
Senator Ayotte is leading a hearing this morning to examine reports of mismanagement within the Pentagon's POW/MIA Accounting Command.  Click the link below to watch the hearing live.
NA
In a letter this week, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte urged leaders of the Senate Finance Committee to prohibit internet sales taxes.
Each Thursday when the Senate is in session, Senator Ayotte hosts a constituent coffee in her Capitol Hill office to welcome New Hampshire visitors to Washington and hear what's on their minds. If you're a New Hampshire resident planning a visit to our nation's capital, please consider joining her for coffee on Thursdays at 9 a.m.
Navy veteran receives Armed Services Expeditionary Forces Medal in ceremony at Ayotte’s Nashua office
Senator Ayotte presented Navy veteran Joseph Norkiewicz of Pelham with the Armed Services Expeditionary Forces Medal for his service in Operation Blue Bat in Lebanon. Left - right: Lt. Col. Roy Hunter, Eleanor Martell, Joe Norkiewicz, Senator Ayotte, and Chief Petty Officer Jon Worrall, USN, Ret.
Senator Ayotte met yesterday with New Hampshire delegates to the American Legion's Boys Nation & Girls Nation.  Left - right: Mollie Gills (Hollis), Grant Johnson (Brookline), Douglas Marino (Newfields), Senator Ayotte, Joe Caouette of the New Hampshire American Legion (Rollinsford), Timothy Stackhouse (Kensington), and Genevieve Corman (Windham).
Senator Ayotte joined Senator Claire McCaskill, Senator Jon Tester, and a group of retired female service members this morning to discuss critical reforms aimed at stopping military sexual assault.
NA
NA
At a Senate Commerce subcommittee hearing today, Senator Ayotte raised concerns about the impact of federal regulations on New Hampshire’s fishing industry, which has been driven to near extinction by drastic reductions to the Gulf of Maine cod quota.
NA
"If it's so right for the American people, why are his own supporters, including the largest unions - the Teamsters - saying that this law is going to destroy the 40-hour work week and destroy the health and well-being of millions of Americans?" she said.
Senators from both parties reached an agreement today on legislation that protects students from a doubling of interest rates on new student loans.
Great to see Charles Henderson (Sandown) and Audrey Stevenson (Peterborough), who are representing New Hampshire at the National Young Leaders Conference in Washington this week.
NA
NA
Our nation has a solemn responsibility to find and bring home the remains of American military heroes who served overseas, and we owe it to our fallen and missing soldiers and their families to do everything in our power to fulfill that promise.
Enjoyed meeting with Dave, Cheryl, and Taylor Pratt of Goffstown, visiting the nation's capital this week
Merrimack's Troop 424 stopped by to say hello to Senator Ayotte on Capitol Hill today.  They're in the nation's capital this week for the 2013 National Scout Jamboree.
Enjoyed meeting yesterday with Caroline Carter and her mom, Peggy, of Dover, NH.  Caroline is a delegate to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's 2013 Children's Congress, helping raise awareness about diabetes and meeting with members of congress on Capitol Hill this week.
Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor today to urge the Majority Leader to allow a vote on a bipartisan plan that would lower and fix interest rates for 100 percent of newly-issued federal student loans.
NA
Senator Ayotte and members of the New Hampshire congressional delegation hosted Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base.
Senator Ayotte and the New Hampshire congressional delegation will host the nation's top military officer on Monday at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base.
Check out NH.com for a list of locations where you can watch the fireworks this year!
Senator Ayotte is cosponsoring a bipartisan compromise bill that would prevent student loan rates from doubling next week
"This vote is also significant because it demonstrates that members of both parties can work together to get things done. I hope that this spirit of bipartisan cooperation will extend to other issues that urgently need to be addressed, especially our nation's fiscal situation."
With Jason, Kira, Megan and Emme Haviland of Nashua.
Getting to know some terrific NH students who will be serving as interns in Senator Ayotte's office this summer.
"Immigration reform legislation must stop the flow of illegal immigrants, and the tough border security provisions in this amendment represent an aggressive effort to finally regain control of our southern border.  This amendment doubles the number of border security agents at the southern border, doubles the amount of border fencing, and ensures the best border surveillance and security technology is in place. The measure also requires full implementation of E-Verify - further discouraging illegal immigration by making it nearly impossible to work in the U.S. illegally."
NA
NA
"This amendment addresses the concerns that have been raised about the immigration reform bill's border security provisions," said Senator Ayotte. "These tough requirements will double the number of border security agents at the southern border, increase the amount of border fencing, and ensure the best border surveillance and security technology is in place - preventing another wave of illegal immigrants."
Joining Senator Shaheen at NH Business Day luncheon on Capitol Hill
NA
NA
The defense authorization bill includes legislation authored by Senators Ayotte and Murray to provide victims of sexual assault in all military branches with a Special Victims' Counsel -- a trained military lawyer to assist the victim throughout the legal process.  The bill also includes provisions authored by Ayotte and Murray that enhance responsibilities for the Pentagon’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office and provide Sexual Assault Response Coordinators to members of the National Guard and Reserve.
The Senate voted 84-15 today to begin consideration of the immigration reform bill, reflecting overwhelming bipartisan support for having this urgent debate.
NA
NA
Today, Senator Ayotte announced she is supporting bipartisan legislation to reform our broken immigration system.  Read her op-ed here.
Senator Ayotte launched a new webpage today inviting Granite Staters to share their questions and concerns about the new federal health care law.  Click here to share your experiences: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=form&id=3
Great meeting today with members of the Homebuilders & Remodelers Association of NH!
Read about yesterday's important Armed Services Committee hearing on efforts to stop sexual assaults in the military: http://www.unionleader.com/article/20130605/NEWS06/130609694
Great to join members of the National Network to End Domestic Violence at this morning's congressional breakfast.  The Network does critical work that helps save lives.
Good news for North Country veterans!
Billy Manning, of Derry, is bicycling across the country this summer to benefit the Wounded Warrior Project.  More info & ways to support him here: http://bit.ly/18FS0Yh
Honored to present Boscawen resident German Sanchez with Purple Heart medal for his heroic service in Vietnam.  Great to have his family here in Nashua for this special ceremony.
At today's Memorial Day observance at the NH State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen
Touring Polartec's facility in Hudson today
During a forum today at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics, Stuart Bowen, Jr., the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction (SIGIR), praised bipartisan legislation introduced by U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) aimed at keeping U.S. taxpayer dollars out of the hands of America's enemies.
  
 As the "taxpayer's watchdog" in Iraq since 2004, Bowen has overseen more than $60 billion in U.S. contracting funds. In his remarks today, he praised Senator Ayotte's legislation as "common sense" and said it "plugs the holes" that exist in current law to help stop the flow of funds to bad actors.
 http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=960
At the start of the Memorial Day parade in Concord this morning.
Today we keep our promise to forever honor the extraordinary service of those brave Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
http://www.sentinelsource.com/opinion/columnists/guest/when-the-tax-man-becomes-big-brother-by-kelly-ayotte/article_f9892c2e-9984-5f50-94d4-b548880112a1.html
In a Politico op-ed today, Senators Ayotte and Murray discuss their bipartisan legislation to combat sexual assaults in the military.
Great news for New Hampshire!
Today is the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the New Hampshire presidential primary!  By asking candidates the tough questions and putting them through their paces, New Hampshire has earned its well-deserved position as the ‘First in the Nation' primary state.
Thoughts & prayers go out to all those affected by today's horrific tornado in Oklahoma.
Senator Ayotte had the honor of welcoming members of New Hampshire's law enforcement community to the nation's capital this week for 2013 National Police Week.  This year's ceremonies held special meaning for our state as fallen Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney's name was added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.
Team Ayotte at this morning's ACLI Capital Challenge race, which benefits the Wounded Warrior Project.
Senators Shaheen and Ayotte said: "We're pleased that the Department of Defense and the Navy recognize the importance of shipyard workers to our national security. This exemption should allow the workers at our four public shipyards, including Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, to continue their critical work maintaining our nation's naval readiness without interruption. This announcement gives our shipyard employees the financial certainty they deserve and allows the shipyards to avoid furloughs that would have resulted in costly delays in ship and submarine maintenance."
New Hampshire Fire Chiefs stopped by to meet with Senator Ayotte this morning.  Left-right: Hudson Fire Chief Shawn Murray, Litchfield Chief Frank Fraitzl, Wolfeboro Chief Butch Morrill, Senator Ayotte, New London Chief Jay Lyon, Goffstown Chief Richard O’Brien, State Fire Marshal Bill Degnan, and Bedford firefighter Thomas Green.
Great meeting this week with Girls Inc. New Hampshire -- our leaders of tomorrow!
NA
Senator Ayotte spoke on the Senate floor about bipartisan legislation she introduced today with Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA) to combat sexual assault in the military.  Click below to watch video.
Congratulations to Mariah Larocque of Derry & Anne McLeod of Windham - this year's 2013 Prudential Spirit of Community top youth volunteers in New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte and Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) today are introducing legislation to combat sexual assault in the military and provide greater resources to victims.  Read more here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=940
NA
Today, Granite Staters pause to remember the Old Man of the Mountain. He was lost 10 years ago today, but lives on in the hearts of the people of New Hampshire.  http://www.ayotte.testing.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=935
NA
“Many of our veterans are traveling long distances to get the care that they deserve and across state lines and it is very difficult for many of them…Our veterans in our North Country deserve the same kinds of access [as] other more populated areas of the state,” Ayotte said.
Led a bipartisan group of Senators in a letter to protest the Majority Leader's decision to rush online sales tax bill through the Senate.  Read the letter here: http://www.ayotte.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=921
"Supporters of the online sales tax bill are trying to muscle it through before senators find out how disastrous it would be for businesses in their states.  I will fight this power grab every step of the way to protect small online businesses in New Hampshire and across the nation.” #NoNetTax
Thanks to incredible work by law enforcement officers in Boston, Americans can sleep a little easier tonight.  Grateful for our public safety officials who risk their lives on the front lines to keep us safe.  Thank you! #BostonStrong #BostonProud
Read Senator Ayotte's full statement on gun legislation and the Manchin-Toomey amendment currently being considered by the Senate.
With Epsom Central School eighth graders today on the steps of the US Capitol
Thoughts & prayers for Boston and all those who were participating in today's marathon.
Enjoyed today's luncheon hosted by the Girl Scouts of the Green and White Mountains.  It was great to meet Kelsey Fleming – this year’s essay winner – who represents the very best of the Girl Scouts!
Thoughts and prayers are with Chief Maloney's family, the men & women of the Greenland Police Department, and the Greenland community as we remember the Chief's heroic sacrifice one year ago today.  Let's also be mindful of the risks that NH law enforcement officers face every day in keeping our citizens safe.
NA
NA
With 7th grade students from Lincoln Akerman School in Hampton Falls who visited the nation's capital yesterday.
On Saturday, Senator Ayotte had the honor of participating in a special ceremony honoring the 129 service members and civilians who perished 50 years ago aboard the U.S.S. Thresher submarine.
 
 Read more: http://www.fosters.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20130406/GJNEWS_01/130409498/0/SEARCH
Senator Ayotte's statement on the passing of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher: "Margaret Thatcher was a stalwart ally who understood the need for a strong transatlantic alliance and the unambiguous defense of freedom. I admired the ‘Iron Lady’ for her strength, courage and leadership, which will continue to inspire new generations on both sides of the Atlantic."
NA
Speaking at Merrimack Rotary breakfast this morning
On Senator Ayotte's visit to the North Country, she met with officials at Androscoggin Valley Hospital, visited the biomass plant and downtown businesses in Berlin, and made stops at NTI, Gorham Paper and Tissue, and The Morrison Assisted Living Community.
NA
NA
NA
NA
Wishing you and your loved ones a happy, blessed Easter!
Vietnam Veterans Welcome Home Ceremony
NA
Portsmouth business roundtable
Met with NH business owners in Manchester office this morning to discuss ongoing efforts to stop online sales tax legislation.
Check out my op-ed in today's Concord Monitor - will continue the fight to cut funding for this wasteful program.
NA
Great to join the Pease Greeters today in Portsmouth.  Thank you for all you do to support our troops!
NA
With Suzanne Foster, VP and General Manager of Medtronic in Portsmouth.
Read about Senator Ayotte's visit yesterday to Admix, where she discussed her efforts to fight burdensome regulations on Employee Stock Ownership Plans.
Speaking to Admix employees
“This act, which really should be named the ‘Internet Tax Collection Act,’ infringes on the rights of retailers in New Hampshire…forcing them to become tax collectors.”
Fighting efforts to include an online sales tax in the budget resolution currently under consideration in the Senate.  New Hampshire's Internet vendors shouldn't become sales tax collectors for other states.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Ayotte spoke on the Senate floor today to call for a vote on her amendment to scrap funding for wasteful "Missile to Nowhere" program.  Click below for video.
Granite Staters - you can support this great cause at your local grocery store.  http://www.nothing.org/nh/
NA
Senator Ayotte with Air Force JROTC cadents from Salem High School
Enjoyed meeting Allison Thompson of Nashua and John Parsons of Madbury, representing New Hampshire at the US Senate Youth Program this week in Washington.
With Ward Bennett of Amherst
Participating in hearing today to investigate "876" phone scam, which targets senior citizens in New Hampshire, Maine, and Vermont. Read more to learn how you can protect yourself and your loved ones.  http://www.unionleader.com/article/20130313/NEWS03/130319646
With Debora McCain (Durham), Matthew Norton (Milford, CT), Krista Sweeny (Moore), Randy Schroeder (Durham) and Josefine Garcia (Chester) - on Capitol Hill today representing the NH Educational Opportunity Association
Glad Secretary Hagel has ordered a review of the Distinguished Warfare Medal.  While we should honor extraordinary achievements of our silent warriors, medals earned in combat for acts of heroism should remain the nation’s highest and most sacred military honors.
Senator Ayotte with members of the Bike/Walk Alliance of NH: Jeff Latimer (owner of Gus' Bike Shop in Portsmouth), Paula Bedard of Goffstown, and Ken Colburn of Meredith.
Great to meet Heidi Welch, a music teacher at Hillsboro-Deering High School, named New Hampshire's 2013 Teacher of the Year and finalist for National Teacher of the Year.
NA
Glad that House voted today to renew VAWA & this important bipartisan legislation will soon be signed into law.
“With the clock ticking, it’s my hope that we actually get down to resolving this in a responsible way for our country, by finding alternative savings to replace sequestration.  That’s why I put pen to paper, to provide an alternative to the leadership-backed bills and to provide a choice. I firmly believe that we should have a vote on every proposal, and I think anything less is a disservice to the American people, who are demanding that we start governing.”
Great to see New Hampshire members of the American Legion in Washington this week - thank you for your service!
Today marks 1,400 days since the Democrat-controlled Senate last passed a budget.  In that amount of time, you could climb Mount Everest almost 300 times, take 179 trips to the Moon, or build 3 Pentagons.
 
 Americans are tired of spending showdowns, and the President and Congress must work together on a serious plan that reduces wasteful spending, reforms our broken tax code, and puts our entitlement programs on a sustainable path. And that starts with adopting a fiscally responsible budget.
With members of the New Hampshire Credit Union League on Capitol Hill this morning
On Monday, Senator Ayotte delivered the traditional reading of George Washington’s Farewell Address -- a bipartisan tradition begun in the 1800s in honor of Washington's birthday.
Congrats to Paul Moore, founder of MooreMart, on this well-deserved recognition!
Heavy snow made for tough shoveling this weekend.  And there's more heading for NH this week: http://www.nashuatelegraph.com/news/994727-469/al-kaprielian-says-another-winter-storm-is.html
NA
NA
Good news for New Hampshire: Senators Shaheen and Ayotte will lead the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness
NA
Great to see Phil, Amalia, and Joan Scontsas yesterday and congratulate them on their 100th year in business!
Congratulations to the outstanding students graduating today from BAE's Women in Technology program!
NA
Senator Ayotte speaking to New Hampshire members of the US Global Leadership Coalition this morning in Manchester
Great to see WKXL's Chris Ryan and Jeanne Lester here on Capitol Hill for last night's State of the Union -- thanks for stopping by!
NA
Senator Ayotte's Statement on State of the Union Address   Feb 12, 2013   Senator Ayotte's statement on the President's State of the Union address:   "While I welcome the president's openness to simplifying our tax code to spur economic growth, as well as his acknowledgment that we must reform Medicare to preserve it, I'm concerned that he proposed many new programs without saying how we could afford them. With over $16 trillion in debt and the economic challenges we face, we need to enact a large deficit reduction plan that includes tax reform and entitlement reform, and a Balanced Budget Amendment to put permanent limits on Washington spending."
Senator Ayotte today applauded Senate passage of bipartisan legislation she helped introduce that would reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) - the landmark law aimed at preventing domestic and sexual violence and helping victims. She also pledged to continue her efforts to ensure that the Defense Department takes the necessary steps to improve care for servicewomen who are victims of sexual assault.
NA
Ayotte thanked the soldiers for their bravery and commitment to the nation.  "We are very blessed in this country," said Ayotte. "And we are only safe and free because of the sacrifice of the men and women in uniform."  "We can never thank you enough for the sacrifices you are making," she told family members.
NA
Stay safe and visit Ready NH for the latest storm updates and emergency preparedness information.
NA
Students from Pinkerton Academy stopped by Senator Ayotte's office last week during their visit to the nation's capital.
NA
NA
NA
Good news - the Senate just voted to take up reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) - the landmark law aimed at preventing domestic and sexual violence and helping victims.
"On the day that President Obama is required by law to submit a budget, we're hearing crickets from the White House."
NA
NA
Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen are calling on the Department of Commerce to reconsider its decision to require drastic quota reductions designed to end overfishing of Gulf of Maine cod and haddock in 2013. In a joint letter, the New Hampshire Senators called on the Department of Commerce to reconsider the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) decision which threatens the survival of New Hampshire's fishing industry and the economic well-being of its coastal communities.
NA
NA
Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of senators at a Capitol Hill press conference on Wednesday to announce the reintroduction of legislation she has co-sponsored to renew the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) - the landmark law aimed at preventing domestic and sexual violence and helping victims. The law encourages collaboration among law enforcement, judicial personnel, and public and private service providers.
In Case You Missed It: Video from this morning's reintroduction of the No Budget, No Pay Act
NA
NA
As we honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., let us heed his call to serve and work together to build a better nation.
Congrats to NH's 157th Air Refueling Wing, recognized for meritorious service by the Secretary of the Air Force!
NA
NA
NA
Great news for New Hampshire & the 157th Air Refueling Wing.
Last week, Senator Ayotte toured the NH Food Bank in Manchester.  Executive Director Melanie Gosselin and her team -- along with all the great volunteers -- do a tremendous job for our state.
Senator Ayotte hosted a reception last night in honor of the 40 New Hampshire students she has nominated to attend one of the nation's military service academies.  Congratulations to all of these outstanding students -- you represent the very best of New Hampshire!
Senator Ayotte will serve on the Armed Services, Commerce, Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs, Budget, and Aging Committees during the 113th Congress.
NA
Senator Ayotte's statement on fiscal cliff vote: “While the president was insistent on raising taxes, I voted to spare as many Americans as possible from getting hit by tax increases. Now it’s time for the president and Congress to cut spending and come up with real reforms to get us out of our crippling $16 trillion debt.”
