What a beautiful day to be outside! Catching a few runs at Alyeska today. We could use some more snow, but it's still great to be out.
From my family to each and every one of you: Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and let’s all have a great New Year!
I had the privilege to distribute gifts to clients at Bean's Cafe' in Anchorage recently. Bean's Cafe' has been feeding the hungry in the area for decades. Being there is a stark reminder that so many in our community are not enjoying the warmth of a home and family this Christmas. I just wanted to take a minute to thank those of you who have shown so much love and generosity for those in your community.
While we are in the season of giving, let’s remember that Alaskans give in many ways year-round, including giving through teaching or coaching. I really liked this look at Alaska’s State Writer Laureate, who has made a lot of Alaskans better writers and teachers through hard work and commitment.
An Alaska-sized congratulations to the Alaska Native Science and Engineering Program (ANSEP) for being named the most exceptional program in STEM education and workforce development in the nation by the United States Department of Energy’s Minorities in Energy Initiative this week!  ANSEP attracts Alaska Native youth to the new frontiers in science and engineering, and ignites a love of learning that will reap benefits for our state for years to come.
Now that we’ve got the shortest day of the year out of the way, we start picking up daylight! Here in Anchorage, we start gaining about 18 seconds a day. Every little bit counts!
Here are several photos I thought I would share from our #TakeThePlungeAK at Goose Lake today.
It was wonderful to see hundreds of Alaskans #FreezinForAReason today in support of Special Olympics Alaska!
We did it! #taketheplungeak
Only an hour to go until I jump in the lake! FYI, it's 20 degrees outside. If you aren't able to watch in person, the whole event will be streamed online at awb://KTVA.com. #taketheplungeak
Singing Christmas carols and ringing the bell at the 5th Avenue Mall!
So great to be home for the holidays! For the past several years the Senate has been in session right up to Christmas Eve so to have 5 full days to get the house decorated, do the shopping, attend various holiday festivities and just be with friends and family is a gift.  In our household, I am Santa, so to have time to make the holiday traditions happen is a real blessing.   Today I meet with our new Governor, attend my annual holiday lunch (this year in person rather than through a satellite feed from Washington, D.C.), help pass out gifts at the homeless shelter, ring bells for the Salvation Army, and then meet our boys at the airport tonight as they come home for the holidays. Our house and my heart will be full.    Today brings only 5 hours 26 minutes and 38 seconds of daylight but the promise of longer days is just around the corner. All we need now is a good snow report from Alyeska!   Happy holidays!
As Christmas and holiday parties get in full swing the next few days, I want to remind everyone to drink responsibly.  I’m sure we can all agree that we want Alaska’s roads to be safe for our friends and family.  Get a designated driver or find a safe ride while you’re out so we all can have a safe and happy holidays!
Can’t wait to finally get back to Alaska and be home with family and friends before this holiday season wraps up! I've got a busy next couple of days running around Anchorage and I’m particularly looking forward to distributing beanie boxes at Bean's Café tomorrow, bell ringing for Salvation Army at the 5th Avenue Mall, and I'm a little bit nervous to be jumping in the Polar Plunge for Special Olympics Alaska. (The Ice Bucket Challenge will be nothing compared to Goose Lake!) Hopefully I’ll have time to finish up some Christmas shopping…hope to see you around town!
The Serial podcast is reigniting a crucial conversation nationwide, one that Alaskans are very aware of already: prosecutors ignoring the law by withholding evidence that could benefit a defendant.  It’s critical to realize that it happened to Ted Stevens and is happening to Americans nationwide, in what a former Circuit Court Chief Justice calls a legal ‘epidemic.’  I commit to Alaskans that I will reintroduce legislation next Congress to try and restore America’s faith in the judicial process.
Last night I voted for the Tax Increase Prevention Act so that Alaskans don’t see some important tax deductions disappear. Though last-minute bills like this aren't the right way to legislate intelligent tax policy, this legislation needed to be passed to avoid a harmful tax hike. We've got to have comprehensive tax reform for our economy, not stop-gap moves like this.
President Obama today announced he was withdrawing Alaska’s North Aleutian Basin from potential oil and natural gas activity.  I'm not objecting to his decision at this time, given the lack of interest by industry and the public divide over allowing oil and gas exploration in this area. I think we all recognize that these are some of our state’s richest fishing waters.  What I do not understand is why this decision could not be made within the context of the administration’s upcoming plan for offshore leasing – or at least announced at the same time.
Verne and I wish the members of Alaska’s Jewish community a very happy Chanukah. If you are in the Anchorage area, Cirque de Chanukah at the Egan on Sunday sounds like a very festive show!
Good news from Seward when it comes to leveraging our state's ‘all of the above energy’ potential and renewables. The geothermal heating technology that has done cost-saving wonders for the Alaska SeaLife Center is being considered for more facilities in town.
What a touching story about an Alaska teen who’s turned his own struggles into doing something for others. Very fitting for the holiday season. What an inspiration!
The President has until Wednesday evening to sign the 2015 government spending bill that passed both the House and Senate. It’s not the bill that I would have drafted, but it reflects bipartisan, bicameral efforts and avoids another harmful government shutdown. It also has many benefits for Alaska in terms of public safety, Alaska Native health, jobs, military projects and construction, rural infrastructure, protections for our world class fisheries, and pushing back federal overreach.
Congrats to Ketchikan as they laid the keels for the two new Alaska Marine Highway ferries over the weekend! These ferries will be the first of the Alaska Marine Highway System fleet to be built in Ketchikan - and fueling the economic engine in Southeast!
The Senate just passed the NDAA lands bill and sent it to the President to become law - it's a good early Christmas present for the economy of the entire Panhandle in Alaska.
This is pretty neat—Alaskans in and around Anchorage have the unique opportunity to get a behind-the-scenes lesson about our state’s newest research vessel!
Alaskans, logistics can be a big deal when spreading Christmas cheer!  I want to remind you, if you want your gifts to get to your friends and family in the lower 48 in time for Christmas, some of those deadlines are going to be here sooner than you think!
A government study I requested came out today focused on how the Justice Dept is addressing the issue of prosecutorial misconduct that, unfortunately, Alaskans are all too familiar with.  Their findings: that DoJ hasn't begun taking action on their internal plan, isn't overseeing disciplinary actions and continues to assign cases to investigators facing accusations already.  This is unacceptable and I will keep working to make sure there is robust justice within the Department of Justice.
It was great to visit with State Legislators in town to discuss ways to better serve their constituents and advance intelligent, positive changes for Alaska.
I’m proud to have worked with my colleagues in the Senate and the House on a bipartisan and balanced lands package in this year’s NDAA. These provisions will allow economic and community development, cut red tape to energy production, and boost American mineral production. They protect multiple-use and public recreation, convey federal land for economic and community development, protect treasured lands, and provide new means for private dollars to support our national parks.
Thank you to both KTVA 11 News Daybreak and Channel 2 News, KTUU.com Morning Edition for the chance to give you a "DC Update" on what is happening in Congress this week, and what it means for Alaska.
Tsunami debris on our shores, Arctic water mapping and fishing industry efficiency are enormous concerns for Alaskans.  I thank my Appropriations Committee colleagues for seeing the need for investment and resources to these areas, and for working with me in putting together a 2015 budget that works for them.
The EPA was 8 days away from imposing a regulation on, basically, rinsing salmon guts off your fishing boat back into water. I’m glad I was able to work with my Senate colleagues to block this harmful policy for three years and hope a permanent fix can be made to protect our fisherman and coastal communities.
Southcentral Alaskans—it’s a rough winter morning on the roads, so take care to drive with extra caution.
I love reading about success stories like this. Despite the challenges of farming in Alaska, Brian and Laurie Olson have found a way to beat the odds and are enjoying the success of their expanding business—Alaska Berries.
Alaskans know that nothing compares to wild, fresh fish.  It's Mother Nature’s perfect brain food.  That's why it’s great to see Sara Pozonsky from Newhalen take on this important issue and make an interesting documentary to spread the word against farmed fish.  Here’s an interview with her, conducted at a screening at the Anchorage Film Festival.
Arctic activity is on the rise, and there are real-world steps we can take right now to be proactive and demonstrate Arctic leadership, like the U.S. Coast Guard proactively proposing this pragmatic shipping route for the region.
Only in Alaska would we have a Santa on a Black Hawk helicopter!  The joint “mission” between the Air and Army National Guard spreads the good cheer of Santa to literally tens of thousands of children in Alaska---bringing children a new gift and a book and a goodie bag filled with fresh fruit, water, a toothbrush and toothpaste and school supplies. Operation Santa Claus is such a great annual tradition for rural Alaska that’s been going on for decades!
Even when they return home from conflict, our men and women in uniform still fight internally against the scars of war and despair. That’s why I am proud that a priority of mine to intelligently track military suicides to treat trauma more effectively has been added to the National Defense Authorization Act, which is headed to the Senate floor for a vote.
I’d just like to take a second to brag about a few of my staffers. Today Major Matthew Altman graduated from the Air Force Legislative Fellowship program and Mari Freitag and Jason Huffnagle graduated from the Capitol Hill Air Command and Staff College program. I am so proud of them and am thankful for their hard work in my office and commitment to service in so many ways!
The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) introduced by House and Senate leaders today include some key priorities for Alaska and the nation's defense that I've been working on: an affirmation for F-35s at Eielson and considerations for more missions there, expansion for our ground based missile defense efforts, and a green-light for an Alaskan long distance radar project.  Alaska's a key tactical location for the U.S. defense, and am happy Congress sees the worth of continuing to invest in our state.
Today I made a few Alaskan-style contributions to the U.S. Marine Corps' gift drive, and encourage you to find opportunities to share the spirit of Christmas with others. Even a small gift can mean more than you'll ever know.
It’s been a long time coming – and took years of efforts to boost Arctic awareness throughout Washington, D.C. – but the administration has published an article by America’s Arctic Representative Admiral Papp about our nation’s responsibility as an Arctic Nation. This is a small, positive step in the right direction, and precisely the reason I advocated for more commitment (and Papp himself) to embrace our possibilities in the north.
Thanks to all who participated in the annual JBER Cookie Drive! Members of the community, including some of my staff, baked dozens of cookies to help spread some holiday cheer to service men and women of JBER who won’t be able to spend the holidays with their families. Thank you for doing something special for our men and women in uniform! #GivingTuesday
Good news for Alaska’s schools! The US Department of Agriculture just announced more than $50,000 in existing funds will be directed to Alaska’s Farm-to-School programs. These programs help schools purchase more food locally, expand access to healthy local food for school children, and support local economies. It’s even been “Alaskanized” in Western Alaska, where they’ve created a Fish-to-School program!
In the fight against youth smoking, experts say that stories make a bigger impact than stats.  It’s good to see the New York Times pay attention to Alaska’s fight, highlighting the courage of Michael George Patterson in sharing his story to make a difference in the health of young Alaskans.
The U.S. Coast Guard has come out with some tips to help winterize your vessel before the winter weather kicks in, potentially causing serious damage. They’re also working with some harbormasters to look out for Alaskan boat owners. Thanks for all you do, USCG!
Like me, I'm sure you've been inundated with commercials and ads for the 'Black Friday’ madness, but let's not forget Small Business Saturday. Buying locally means supporting your friends, neighbors, and community members who own and operate those businesses, supporting local hire, and strengthening the local economy.
During the busy holiday season, it’s easy to get overloaded with frantic schedules, recitals, shopping, trips and other welcome stresses that come with this time of year.  But that’s why it’s especially important to slow down and embrace Thanksgiving.   The author O.Henry once wrote ‘There is one day that is ours. Thanksgiving Day is the one day that is purely American’ – and he was right.  Thanksgiving is more than football games, tryptophan and holiday shopping.  The last Thursday of every November is a day set aside for gratitude and optimism – two qualities that Americans have in abundance.   As Alaskans, we have a lot to be thankful for: the natural beauty that surrounds us, the pride and determination of our friends, family and neighbors, and the simple uniqueness of Alaska life.  I invite each and every Alaskans to express their gratitude aloud to those around the Thanksgiving table, and suggest we all take a quiet moment in prayer and reflection to do so on our own.   I am thankful for so much this year: the love of my husband, that my sons are happy and healthy, that I have the opportunity to spend time with family, and that I continue to have the opportunity to serve this wonderful state and its people.  In an ever-complicated world, I am especially grateful for those who make sacrifices defending our freedoms – and their families -- even if it means being far from loved ones during this ‘Purely American’ holiday.   From my family to yours, have a Happy Thanksgiving.
Earlier this month residents in the village of Tuluksak went without power for over a week--many lost food they were storing for the winter, including their Thanksgiving meals.  Thanks to the Food Bank of Alaska, Salvation Army, and Samaritan's Purse, 40 families in Tuluksak are getting a special delivery of turkeys today....just in time for Thanksgiving. It warms my heart to hear people coming together to do something for people in need!
Alaskans have so much to be thankful for --- this week, I'm especially thankful for the generosity shown by Alaskans to those who are less fortunate. This story about the Thanksgiving Blessing event is a perfect example of the community coming together for one another.
Thanksgiving is almost here! I know a lot of you are mapping out your Thanksgiving ‘kitchen strategy’, so I wanted to share this information from the USDA on how to safely prepare your turkey for Thanksgiving dinner.
Good news for Alaska’s small brew community – Americans are now drinking more craft beer than they are the industry standard: Budweiser.  One of the reasons I’m co-chair of the Senate Small Brewers Caucus is to empower these success stories popping up around our state and the country at large.  They add so much to our communities and are a key economic sector that invests their money back into Alaska.
After this ceremony last Friday, CMSgt. Jerry Moore moved on from Alaskan Command to serve America with Security Forces at the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan.  We thank him for his service to Alaska and his dedication to our national defense!
Tonight I had the opportunity to attend the Howard Rock and Ted Stevens Smokehouse Gala in Anchorage, named in honor of two lifelong champions of Alaska Native peoples. This Gala celebrates and recognizes the contributions of Alaska Native peoples and those that continue to advance and build strong relationships into Alaska’s promising future.   I congratulate all who were honored tonight, including Paul and Martina John of Toksook Bay, for receiving the esteemed Alaska Native Leader Howard Rock Award. Paul and Martina are known as passionate advocates of their culture, language, and ways of life.
Casual Friday?  In Alaska . . .  my staff sports kuspuks or atiqluks. For those who don’t know, this is the traditional dress for many of Alaska’s first people!
Good news for all historians and any Alaskan wanting access to our state’s historical records: the National Archives and Records Administration staff has begun the process prioritizing which Alaska records will be digitized first. This is a critical first step forward in ensuring that all Alaskans can read the early chapters of our state’s incredibly fascinating story!
Just as our nation has a duty to honor Veterans for their service to our country, America also has a commitment to our First People – known as the federal Indian trust responsibility. That's why I was proud to back bipartisan legislation with my Indian Affairs Committee colleagues to make funding available to tribal housing authorities for Alaska Native veterans, the same way federal resources can be found at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The International Maritime Safety Committee is getting ready to vote on some important Polar Code rules today on Arctic shipping. It’s a good first step for the Arctic community that we’re agreeing on some ‘rules of the road’ to promote safety as more ships navigate Arctic waters.
I'd like to share with you my thoughts about the immigration move that President Obama just announced:  Alaskans know that I support thoughtful comprehensive, bipartisan immigration reform of the current broken system. This is why I voted for a bill in June 2013 that had been vetted and debated in the U.S. Senate, and I stand ready to do so again in the next Congress.   However, what I cannot support is immigration changes in the form of a unilateral executive action - something President Obama himself called unlawful twenty two separate times. What’s changed?   Moves like this are exactly the sort of executive overreach that Alaskans have consistently rejected over time.
As I push to prioritize Arctic issues in the U.S., I look towards a country like Iceland, which places a high importance on the Arctic, as a great example. Today I met with Speaker of the Icelandic Parliament Einar Kristinn Guðfinnsson, to discuss the United States’ role in the Arctic, Iceland’s ties with Alaska, U.S.-Iceland relations, and potential areas of cooperation.
The Indian Health Service has not supported Alaska’s Village Built Clinics – the backbone of our rural health program – as reliably as they do in the Lower 48. I told the I.H.S. Acting Director that we’re done with being polite, and we now demand full support and commitment from our federal government for the health and well-being of our first people.
This week is the 93rd annual American Education Week, honoring and spotlighting everyone committed to ensuring children receive the best education available. I have challenged myself to visit every school across our state, so to all of you: Thank you to teachers, administrators, education professionals and parents across Alaska!
Alaska’s waters are tough enough on their own, there’s no need to weigh our fishermen down with unnecessary regulations. This is why Senator Marco Rubio and I introduced legislation which will extend a moratorium protecting commercial fisherman from onerous EPA actions.
Another great article about the need for the U.S. to step up to the plate on Arctic issues, especially investing in icebreakers. We need more stories and editorials – in Alaska and the Lower 48 – to build awareness and momentum. This quote really captures my thoughts:  “Our point is this: Every other Arctic nation sees the benefit of investing in the Arctic. We wonder if those serving in Washington D.C. — Alaska delegation not included — are even aware the U.S. is an Arctic nation. Their priorities don’t convince us they are. This is a mistake that needs rectifying.”
What happened today in the Jerusalem synagogue was horrific. No one should be put in the position of fearing for their life and safety in a place of worship. My deepest thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those killed and the seven wounded today.
After a few setbacks, Bethel’s new swimming pool will officially reopen today! I visited the facility in October, and I’m excited about the health benefits that it will bring to the community.  Great job to everyone there for coming together to get it reopened. http://www.adn.com/article/20141117/bethels-new-swimming-pool-opening-tuesday
The passing of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Bill by the Senate is great news for Alaskan parents having trouble affording child care while they’re working or attending school to improve their economic potential. I thank my Senate colleagues for incorporating two important amendments to ‘Alaskanize’ the bill to address our unique challenges.  http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=fffae8f4-8a97-4dfc-a61a-e6d0e2d49449
Wings for Autism is a smart, thoughtful idea for all air travelers (which means most of us in Alaska.) It is a “rehearsal” for families with autistic children to familiarize themselves with the travel process. Checking into an airport, going through security, and the loud sounds of take-off can be overwhelming for kids with autism and this program helps get them used to these new noises and distractions.
Tomorrow would have been Ted Stevens' 91st birthday, and today a study was released showing that the same legal mischief that caused his case to be thrown out of court is still going on today.  We can no longer allow the government to have a finger on the scales of justice, tipping it in its favor. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=5e17e50b-cd3e-4485-895d-749efb0a39fc
When our men and women in uniform return home from war, far too many face troubles on the home front in the form of despair, depression and suicide.  Today I co-sponsored bipartisan legislation with a number of my Senate colleagues to bolster America's efforts to improve mental health care and suicide prevention resources for veterans.  It's named after Clay Hunt - a Marine who fought in Afghanistan - but it could be named after R.K. Butts or any of our veterans who did not receive the determined care they deserve.
This weekend I had the chance to go to the grand opening of Camp Singing Hills---a Girl Scout camp that will be used all year long.  The camp has decades long history in Chugiak and unfortunately a couple years ago fell victim to arson. The Girl Scouts of Alaska found a way to turn a setback into something positive and rebuilt the camp into something better than we could’ve imagined: new trails, yurts, and a new 6,500 square foot main lodge that will be used to hold STEM (Science, Technology, Engineer, Mathematics) programs.  Thank you to the individuals who made this possible for future generations of young Alaskans. I’ve never been prouder to have been a Girl Scout!
Alaskans---the Northern Lights will be dancing this weekend! UAF Geophysical Institute forecasts auroral activity and this weekend predicts active displays overhead across the entire state -- as far south as Ketchikan! Even friends in the Lower 48 should be able to see displays on the horizon. And with warmer temperatures being felt across the state, it provides a great time to get out and look up!
There’s still too many questions surrounding the allegations of misconduct within the AK National Guard.  When I requested an independent investigation, it said the allegations were unsubstantiated.  When Governor Parnell requested another investigation, that report reached diametrically different conclusions.  I’m asking the DoD to reconcile the differences between the two, and re-examine its evidence and conclusions.    http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=686436df-1f4c-46bb-922e-a882276d0be6
Today is Walter Soboleff Day, a day to commemorate the life of a distinguished and revered Tlingit elder and leader. Native leaders such as Rev. Soboleff are unique ambassadors of our history, land, and people. His service to the Native community and to our beloved state should serve as an inspiration to all of us.
What a talented and inspiring young man from Toksook Bay. As I’ve said before, when a young person knows their language, they know their culture – and studies have proven they perform better in the classroom, too! Keep up the good work, Byron!
Education is the vital first step to improving the quality of life in rural Alaska. Tonight on PBS’ NewsHour, they will report a story about how Dillingham – like many regional hubs – is implementing culturally-relevant curricula to bridge the gap between typical textbooks and the everyday lives of young rural Alaskans.
Fresh from my time at the Arctic Circle Conference in Iceland, it’s great to see articles like this in our newspapers. Captain Pete Garay lays out a great case why we need to prepare for increased activity in the Arctic.
What a win-win for Alaska! College campuses all over Alaska from Barrow to the Aleutians will receive $23.8 million in biomedical research funding to advance education of minority students to save lives and improve health care in rural Alaska.   It’s a positive advancement to keep promising students in Alaska while also empowering them to carve out an important career path.
I topped off the day with some First Class camouflage ice cream at Baskin Robins. Yum! Glad I was able to find it :)
I commemorated this day by attending a moving Veterans Day ceremony at JBER. Verdie Bowen, State Veterans Affairs Director, challenged us to commit to not letting our veterans become invisible. Later on in the day, after attending a Canadian Remembrance Day ceremony at the National Cemetery, I paid my respects to my aunt DD who who served our nation as a Captain in the U.S. Navy. Thank you again to all the men and women who took an oath of service like no other!
On this Veterans Day, and every other day, we say thank you to those who serve past, present, and future.  We should remember to live every day appreciating the freedoms and liberties that our military has secured for us and continues to protect.
What a privilege it was to join in the Battle Dawgs Racing & Alaska Healing Hearts Benefit over the weekend. The purpose of the event is so worthwhile: to put wounded warriors at both the start and the finish of the 2015 Iditarod. And it’s more than that. Suicide among our veterans is an epidemic that needs to be addressed, and that’s exactly what organizers behind the event aim to do. Proceeds from the event will not only bring veterans to Alaska to have incredible Alaskan adventures, but to also show them their lives still have purpose after their military careers.
To get everyone in the Veterans Day spirit a day early, I wanted to share this really neat story that the Alaska press picked up on today. It’s amazing how the power of social media helped reconnect a WWII dog tag found in Nome to its owner’s family in Michigan!
My family and I lost a very dear friend this morning. Hope Nelson passed away suddenly while in Arizona where she was caring for her sister. Hope was known to so many in Alaska as the ultimate Republican woman and volunteer. She ran campaigns, orchestrated many Republican conventions, formed the Midnight Sun Republican Women's club, and fed more volunteers than anyone I've known. Hope was a giving and gracious woman, a friend and mom to so many of us. We have lost a great lady.
Attended the Alaska Food Festival & Conference at UAA today. It was great to spend time with so many Alaskans--great information about food security and AK farming and nutrition.
Some incredibly cool things, you can only see in Alaska. Earlier this week, driving along the Seward Highway, we spotted surfers on the bore tide in the Turnagain Arm. Talk about tough Alaskans, it was about 35 degrees outside and they rode the wave for 10 minutes. Surf and ski Alaska!
Congrats to Candice McDonald Kotyk, owner of Salmon Berry Tours in Anchorage,  for receiving a Gold Star Award -- one of several tourism industry awards given out today.  Tourism is a key economic driver for Alaska, so the Mat-Su Convention and Visitor’s Borough honored several Alaskans who have been fantastic ambassadors for our state!
I'm so glad that Pasert Lee and the story of our Hmong-American veterans got coverage in the Anchorage Press. http://www.anchoragepress.com/news/1/due-respect Honoring their efforts and sacrifice serving side by side with American forces during Vietnam is exactly why I have introduced legislation to both have a Lao-Hmong Recognition Day and an amendment to permit them to be buried next to their American brothers-in-arms at national cemeteries. http://www.adn.com/article/murkowski-files-amendment-honor-hmong-stealth-heroes-vietnam-war
I enjoyed spending time with teens at tonight’s Covenant House dinner. Covenant House Alaska provides shelter and services to homeless and at-risk youth here in the state. Tonight they got a special treat---delicious salmon donated by participants of the Kenai River Women's Classic, prepared by Chef Shane Moore of Spenard Roadhouse. Sure to be an annual event!
The veterans listening session I held in Wasilla in July was a tremendous opportunity to listen first-hand to the challenges too many of you are dealing with.  That’s why I’m glad the Alaska VA is holding listening sessions in a number of different Alaska locations next week to get face-to-face updates and gauge what steps need to be taken to ensure our state’s veterans receive the level of healthcare they deserve. If you have any questions, concerns, or stories for the VA, please consider attending one of their meetings.  ANCHORAGE November 10th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Alaska VA Muldoon Clinic Conference Center, 1201 North Muldoon Road  SOLDOTNA November 12th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Kenai River Center, 514 Funny River Road  WASILLA November 13th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Curtis D. Menard Memorial Sports Center, 1001 S. Mack Drive  JUNEAU November 18th, 6:30-8 p.m. at the Mendenhall Library, 9105 Mendenhall Mall Road #134  FAIRBANKS November 20th, 5-6:30 p.m. at the Noel Wien Library, 1215 Cowles Street
It was an honor to sit down with PBS for their program “Makers” about the different skills and mindsets that the women of the U.S. Senate bring to the table. They say it’s going to run online at noon Alaska time today: http://www.pbs.org/makers/home/.
As we reflect on all that we are thankful for this month, we should recognize and thank those who are the biggest support for our men and women in uniform: their families, who have to deal with long absences and the burden of service as well. November is Military Family Month, so I encourage everyone to take the time to appreciate the support and sacrifices made by the loved ones of our soldiers. Do you have any Alaska military families who deserve a shout out?
I was #635 to vote today. Big turnout for my precinct. Have you voted yet?  Get involved in the democratic process…get out and vote! It’s our civic duty as both Alaskans and Americans.  Polls remain open until 8 p.m. tonight.
I love this story about how a unit up at Fort Wainwright is making the most out of national Warrior Care Month, to push forward the healing process for our soldiers. Alaskans appreciate your service.
I told the #ArcticCircle2014 participants that there are "Two Arctics": the Arctic where investment is bustling and activity is being prioritized, and then other regions like Alaska where our infrastructure is lacking and the United States is falling further behind. There is a path forward for us that benefits America and our indigenous people through attention and directing resources to the north. Cooperation and collaboration can best be done among countries with the same goal and interest level. Here's my speech:
It was an honor to represent America at the #ArcticCircle2014, and sit beside a friend to our nation - and Alaska.  Special Representative to the Arctic Admiral Robert J. Papp and I led a conversation about the rise of Arctic activity, and what it means for the region. "High north, low tension" was one of the mottos for the conference, and that's something we need to make sure continues.
Some of the most important conversations to boost Alaska's long-term prospects are happening here at the #ArcticCircle2014.  I'm proud to add Alaska's perspective and interests here with international leaders such as Iceland President Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson and Iceland Prime Minister Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson.
We owe our returning troops as much support as possible, but a Lower 48-designed regulation is standing in the way of substance abuse counseling that some are finding themselves in need of. I'm working with the Secretary of the Army to get Alaska-trained and -educated counselors the clearance they need to serve those who have served us.
October is National Women’s Small Business Month, and a great opportunity to brag about some of Alaska’s lesser-known success stories.  Barbara Marsh and Janie Taylor run the Denali Dreams Soap Company in the Spenard area of Anchorage and won the “Made in Alaska Manufacturer of the Year” for 2012! For the latest information on the MIA program in Alaska, click here: http://commerce.state.ak.us/dnn/Portals/6/pub/mia/Newsletter_Jan_2014_Final.pdf
I’m about to board a plane to head to Iceland for the #ArcticCircle2014 conference in Reykjavik, Iceland. World leaders, Nordic presidents, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are going to be there to advance the international Arctic dialogue, and I am going to lead a discussion with America’s newly-appointed Arctic Representative Admiral Robert J. Papp. I’m determined to show that America takes our responsibility as an Arctic Nation seriously.
3 days left in National Seafood Month, Alaska! There’s still time to have an Alaska seafood feast, support our world-famous sustainable fisheries, and enjoy the health benefits of eating a diet rich in seafood. Alaskans know all about how seafood enriches our culture, economy, and especially our diet. What’s your favorite seafood to eat?
I want to thank Senator Bob Corker from Tennessee for coming up to Alaska. This morning, we went to a Commonwealth North event and discussed the harmful impacts many federal policies are having on Alaska, burdensome red tape holding back resource development, and his views on Ukraine and the Middle East. With Bob being the top Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee, his expertise on these issues was a huge addition to the Alaska conversation!
I want to thank the attendees of #AFN2014 for such a warm welcome this morning.  We've got a lot of issues facing us - subsistence, energy costs, public safety - but I believe we can #RiseAsOne and make a difference working together.
In a few moments, I'll be speaking to the #AFN2014 convention, but I wanted to sneak in a little more shopping first.  If you're not in Anchorage, but want to watch, you can check out the livestream online here: http://www.nativefederation.org/annual-convention/watch-convention-live-online/
The Alaska Federation of Natives Convention has to be one of my all-time favorite things in the year! My husband Verne recently said to me, “AFN is Alaska,” and I think it couldn't be more true.  I've loved catching up with so many of you at Quyana and around the convention! I’m up to speak in about an hour to the delegates, but for those of you who aren't able to watch in person, it will be live-streamed at www.nativefederation.org.
What a great investment in young Alaskan minds!  Thanks to AK Airlines, junior high students from rural Alaska will be flown to Anchorage to take top flight science and tech classes at UAA's ANSEP Academy.
Earlier today, I talked to Don Young and encouraged him to rethink the past few days and apologize to Alaskans so we can all be rowing in the same direction against suicide.  One of Don's qualities that Alaskans appreciate is his willingness to speak from the gut.  On a serious issue like suicide, that casts an enormous and dark shadow across our state, much more thought needs to be given before speaking up.  Words matter, and I hope Don can recognize the need to apologize to all Alaskans who have been impacted by the tragedy of suicide.
Several constituents have asked for my thoughts about what transpired at Wasilla High School Tuesday. Suicide, particularly youth suicide, is devastating our state.   One suicide is too many.  Sadly suicide rates here are about twice the rate of suicide across the rest of the nation, and in our rural villages the rates are four times the national average.  These losses are not just numbers- they are friends, family, coworkers, and people that we love. We all need to work together to address the causes and help prevent suicide at every turn. We need to look not only to our mental health professionals but to each other, to our family, teachers, students, counselors, elders-truly, the entire community. And when a life is lost, we need to remember to be there for the survivors, the friends and family left behind.   Suicide touches people in a raw and emotional way that is never forgotten. The tragedy of suicide leaves a ripple effect of sadness and loss that must also be addressed, and done so in a sensitive and compassionate way. Words matter. And when it is hard to find the right words, perhaps a caring hug is the best response.
Here's a little video of how much fun we had during last night's Hip Hop Cycle event at the Alaska Club in West Anchorage, raising awareness for ALS.
What an incredibly thoughtful gesture by Girl Scout Troop 4140 in Sitka, who donated their cookie and car wash money to help parents of special needs children shop for groceries.  Makes this former Southeast Girl Scout proud!
This morning I was honored to greet the Alaska Honor Flight made up of twenty WWII veterans and three Korean War veterans - along with their family, friends, and guardians traveling with them - as they departed from Alaska to their DC destination. To be there this morning as part of the sendoff and recognize what they did for all of us was really beyond awesome. You could see the excitement in each and every one of them.  It’s really a very heartwarming and special thing that we see with these honor flights.
Alaska-sized thanks to everyone who came to fight ALS at the Hip Hop Cycle event event at the Alaska Club tonight!
This morning I welcomed participants to the First Alaskans Institute's Elders & Youth Conference. The theme of the conference is "Get Up! Stand Up!", and we're encouraging youth to speak up and get involved!  #GETUPSTANDUPAK #2014EY
Congrats to all the honorees of the HOPE - Helping Ourselves Prevent Emergencies - Women Who Rock event: Carolyn Duncan, Karen Head, Myrn McCord, Paula Peterson, Pam Penrose, June Walcott and Doreen Witwer. Hundreds of Alaskans from all over the Prince of Wales Island gathered to honor these 'Women Who Rock.' Thank you to all of these women for their work to help their communities be a better place to live, work & raise a family.
October 18th is Alaska Day, commemorating the official transfer of Alaska from Russia to the U.S. in Sitka on this day in 1867 - a day to celebrate our vibrant cultures, interesting history and bright future.  I hope Sitkans and Alaskans across the state enjoy all this day represents.
Like many Alaskans, I've been watching this ebola story develop with growing concern, and I wanted to share my thoughts on where things stand:  Right now I am not certain that we have the protocols in place to ensure the safety of health care workers and that the American public will be safe from any exposure to ebola in this country.  Until we have this certainty, then I think this administration should consider a ban on travel or a restriction on travel from Liberia, Guinea, or Sierra Leone.   Now I don’t believe people should overreact and become paranoid and afraid to leave their homes. I do not believe that we have that to fear in this country, but again, I would like to be able to give Alaskans greater reassurance that in fact we do have a level of safety protocol in place that will ensure that anybody coming to this country or those medical workers that are caring for somebody who may have been exposed, that we can give them that assurance that this horrible disease is not traveling any further, and right now I have not received that from the Administration.
What a tremendous honor to participate in the #AKWomensSummit this morning in Anchorage with such strong, proud and empowered Alaska women.  Every day we should be asking ourselves how we can be better mentors to the next generation of female leaders and professionals!  We have a greater ability to build confidence in young women than we sometimes imagine.
Good new for Alaskans impacted by the federally-declared fisheries disasters of recent years: the first $7.5M in direct payments are on their way -- after I built a bipartisan 'Coastal Coalition' of lawmakers pushing for the help we deserve. Just because our disasters didn't make national news like Hurricane Sandy doesn't mean our communities were hurt any less. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9H7kzuZCrAw
Heritage languages and cultures must be celebrated—not just for a month, but every day. I was honored to speak at the National Indian Education Association conference in Anchorage today and share my thoughts about how traditional ways of knowing and learning must be understood and used by teachers.
Thanks to the Greater Fairbanks Chamber of Commerce for giving me the chance to talk with the Leadership Fairbanks class today. Discussions these bright young men and women are having as part of the Leadership Institute are incredibly important to ensuring a positive future for generations of Alaskans to come.
Working for Alaska’s men and women in uniform means getting a better sense of their day-to-day. I want to thank the soldiers at Fort Wainwright for showing me the flight simulator. I’m proud that we landed ‘safely’, and I'm proud of their commitment to our nation and one another.
The Washington Post today is reporting as 'news' what Alaskans across our state deal with everyday: out of date maps and navigational tools that make flying dangerous.  That's why I am constantly fighting for technology and programs to give our state the safe skies that the Lower 48 takes for granted.
Yesterday I got a first-hand tour of the US Coast Guard Cutter POLAR SEA, one of only two icebreakers in America’s fleet. The vessel has been a workhorse since 1977 and is not operational right now, being maintained and refurbished in Seattle. The US needs to step up to the plate by investing in 21st century ships, as we're about to chair the Arctic Council. We know that Russia, China and India are.  http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=37374c7d-6678-4995-a7c1-9450a3629fa6
It’s just about six years to the day that terrible injustice was imposed on a great man, a great Alaskan man, Senator Ted Stevens. I appreciate the work that Rob Cary has done with his book "Not Guilty: The Unlawful Prosecution of U.S. Senator Ted Stevens" in outlining what happened with Senator Stevens and the injustice that befell him. It’s through this awareness that not only we understand what happened with Senator Stevens’ case, but more importantly we can ensure that no person, whether a United States Senator or a man on the street, feels that their system of justice is so wrongly and unfairly applied.
Congratulations to Captain Joel Jungemann for receiving his retirement flag today and for 26 years of honorable service in the U.S. Navy.  Capt. Jungemann has been serving as the Director of Plans, Policy and Strategy for Alaskan Command and Joint Task Force Alaska.  Thank you for your service to our nation and great state!
The tireless commitment demonstrated by 17-year-old Malala Yousafzai is to be applauded. Congratulations to this young woman for becoming the youngest Nobel Prize winner ever! Everyone can take heart in her optimism and courage in the face of cowardly Taliban threats.  Education is the key to moving everything forward worldwide for generations to come.
In Kwigillingok earlier this week I visited elder Agnes Lewis, to look at how her brick ceramic heater is using wind power to heat her home. Kwigillingok is one of 4 villages belonging to the Chaninik Wind Group that is using wind power to reduce their reliance on diesel.
The permafrost tunnel up in Fox has done so much to advance scientific research; it’s like a time machine to the conditions from the past 30,000 years. Congrats to UAF for earning a $1.5 million grant to expand its operations – as well as creating a travelling exhibit that will allow Americans in the Lower 48 to learn more about Alaska and Arctic conditions!
Alaska’s small craft breweries are creating jobs and quenching thirst across our state – all while making their local communities proud.  Congrats to Alaska Brewing Company for winning a Bronze Medal at the Great American Beer Festival in Boulder!  (And see you next week, HooDoo!) 
Happy William A. Egan Day, Alaska! Governor Egan was the longest serving governor in Alaska's history, serving three terms in office between 1959 and 1974. Alaska's "homegrown" governor was active in securing statehood, passing the 1971 Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and creating the first State ferry system.
I want to say thank you to the fun and eager kids in the K-2 class at Kwigillingok School that let me come and visit yesterday!  Half of the school day is taught in Yup'ik, to keep the language tradition alive there. Here I am learning some Yup'ik words from a very good teacher
Attention all Alaska readers: it's Alaska Book Week!  What's on your reading list?  Here's a good list of all the events happening statewide to commemorate our love of the written word.
As part of my effort to visit as many schools in Alaska as possible, I toured Seward Middle School, a fantastic building with a great design and a great use of space. The students here are bright young Alaskans, who asked me some good questions about my role as US Senator.
Not a cloud in the sky in Seward today!  If you’ve ever visited Seward, you’ve probably noticed the large coal loading facility right outside the small boat harbor. This morning I toured the facility, an operation that provides 40-50 jobs in the community. I learned about all the precautions they take to mitigate coal dust, and was impressed by how the facility puts a lot of safeguards in place to not harm the marine environment. What an interesting visit!
Congratulations to Lillian Aukongak, the first female Alaska Native to be federally recognized as a sergeant major!  You've got to read her inspirational story ...
Went to Fred Meyer this morning in Anchorage.  Picked up the family pumpkin, spices for rhubarb chutney -- and got my flu shot.  It's officially fall!
Had a great visit at Point Higgins Elementary school in Ketchikan today. Kudos to Point Higgins for receiving a five-star rating from the Alaska Performance Index!
Way to go Bernadette Adams, for making local history as the first woman in Barrow to take a whale! I love everything about this….from her humility and giving credit to her crew members ----to the fact the crew divvies up the meat and muktuk and shares with the community.  
I'd like to offer an Alaska-sized congratulations to the three Alaska elementary schools recognized as National Blue Ribbon Schools! These facilities are the ‘best of the best’ of what our education system aspires to be. On behalf of a proud state – and as former PTA member myself – congratulations to the staff, parents, and students of Haines Elementary, Crawford Elementary, and Peterson Elementary!
Today I spoke to the Alaska Transit Conference, and the first thing I wanted to say was ‘Thank you!’ on behalf of all the Alaskans who benefit from their work – whether it’s our roads, bus lines or the Alaska Marine Highway, or so much other infrastructure that helps us get from here to there.  Whether you’re going to shopping, school, work or church, this inter-connectivity we sometimes overlook strengthens a community and an economy.
Though I am attending a number of events in Anchorage and around Alaska in the next few days, like most of you I'm tracking that Texas case of ebola. While that is of concern and troubling in its own right, I don’t think we should be saying that we have or are close to an outbreak here in this country. It’s something that we must monitor very carefully - and Alaska is already taking many precautions, just in case - but it is important that we as a country step up our efforts to help address and contain this crisis in the African nations.  In the meantime, we should avoid any unnecessary paranoia about it migrating to the United States.
Like many groups statewide, Lao-Hmong Alaskans add much to the texture and diversity of our state. In addition to my work to honor the Hmong-American Veterans who fought alongside U.S. soldiers in the Vietnam War, I also introduced a bipartisan resolution to honor all Lao-Hmong Americans through a special day of recognition.
What a great story! A food nutrition pilot program in Bethel is helping to get local produce to school districts throughout Alaska, even all the way down to Cordova. This is good business for the growers and good nutrition for the kids!
Had an interesting discussion with Ken Linville of the Capri Coffeehouse about his cold brew process. To all the coffee shops, roasters and baristas across Alaska, Happy National Coffee Day!
Alaska's fisheries mean a healthy culture and a robust economy.  Today I spoke with the Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute about all the threats to our waters: Russian harvested inferior pollock being passed off as "Alaska pollock," the unilateral Obama attempt to block off thousands of square miles of the Pacific, and false third party attempts to call our sustainability into question.  I want all of our children to have an optimistic view of our fisheries' future.
Want to thank members of the Anchorage press corps for coming out to listen to my DC update, talk ISIS and my recent work on lowering energy costs nationwide.
I'm always talking about how America needs an 'all of the above' energy policy, and boasting about Alaskan innovations. Kudos to Igiugig for finding local solutions to rural Alaska's high energy prices. Hydro power is the ultimate renewable energy resource and responsible development can bring lower-cost power to remote communities without harming fish.
A positive, common-sense development on that story about the U.S. Forest Service considering charging everyday Americans to take pictures (even with smart phones!) in wilderness areas: the USFS Chief said "if you’re there to gather news or take recreational photographs, no permit would be required.”
Have you seen the stories about the U.S. Forest Service considering charging people for taking pictures in wilderness area, maybe even with smart phones? Though The Wilderness Act does restrict commercial enterprise in wilderness areas, the Forest Service needs to exercise some common sense here. No one should have to fear that the federal government is going to use such a designation to restrict or prohibit you from news gathering or taking photos. 
In order to keep pushing the federal government to prioritize the Arctic, I talked with a DC publication called Roll Call.  We must be an active member of the Arctic region.  With or without infrastructure, the Arctic is evolving as a place of action, as many nations invest in the region.  (Some like China and India aren't even Arctic nations.) We’ve got to figure out how we’re going to step it up so we are part of what is going on. http://blogs.rollcall.com/energy-xtra/pushing-arctic-policy/?dcz=
Big quake in Alaska a few minutes ago, even for us! I hope everyone’s okay! This is a great reminder of the need to go over your earthquake safety plan with your family and employees.  http://alaskaquakealliance.org/
Today the President blocked off over 300,000 square miles of the Pacific Ocean from any commercial activity - whether fishing or resource development.  I'm deeply concerned by this unilateral move, and believe more than ever Congress must act on my bill requiring Congressional input and consultation with coastal states.
To everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah: Shana Tovah! I wish you all a happy and healthy new year.
Russia should not be able to pass off their inferior pollock as “Alaskan” and call our quality into question, so the Alaska and Washington Delegations are urging the FDA to change the name to avoid the confusion. Russian sold Americans 113 million pounds of ‘Alaska pollock’ in 2012, and we need to defend our fisherman and our fisheries. 
In case you missed yesterday's "Daybreak," I shared my thoughts about the ISIS strikes, the Tongass and my continuing fight for a simple one-lane, gravel, emergency use only, life-saving road for the people of King Cove.
I know my Ice Bucket Challenge in August got a lot of Alaskans talking, but my jump had ripple effects all the way to Alabama! I got the cutest letter from a schoolgirl named Kayla, and I just had to share.
Voting---it’s our right and duty as U.S. citizens to be part of the democratic process.  With today being National Voter Registration Day, I urge all eligible Alaskans to register to vote if you haven’t already done so.
I'm going on Channel 11’s Daybreak around 6:40 a.m. to give them a D.C. update! Make sure to tune in if you can.
Good news from the FDA - They've reconsidered a costly proposed regulation that could have hit our Alaska breweries hard, and ended up spiking beer costs.  Our breweries and farms have a great, symbiotic relationship transferring spent grains to feed cattle, and this new regulation was a solution looking for a problem.
In Ketchikan over the weekend, Governor Parnell announced at the Vigor Alaska Shipyard that the new class of Alaska Marine Highway System ferry boats will be built in Alaska. The $101 million project is a major victory for our state, for the job and the economic benefits.
Did you see the story on the news about the Russian planes near Alaskan airspace? Alaska represents America's front lines and the tip of the spear against the Asia-Pacific region.  Russia's antagonistic behavior further reminds us of the need for both an active diplomatic and military presence. When I fight to defend and strengthen Alaska's military infrastructure, it’s in the best interests of both our state and the nation. On the plus side: It's a good thing having Alaska F-22s (and soon, F-35s) there to greet the Russians on a moments notice.
Today on POW/MIA Recognition Day, Alaskans are honoring prisoners of war, the missing, and their families.  We must #NeverForget their sacrifice and the price they paid.
Last week I had the honor to represent the U.S. at the Council of Arctic Parliamentarians summit to present America's priorities to the region's representatives. As I keep saying, America really needs to step up its leadership as an Arctic nation.  This Fairbanks editorial really nails it the issue on the head, and uses a very colorful and accurate word to describe our efforts thus far: flailing.
Today I cast my vote to keep the government open and open a brief window to see if our ISIS strategy is feasible. Here’s an explanation of my vote: http://1.usa.gov/XOys3u
This week marks 6 years since TransCanada applied for a permit to build the Keystone XL pipeline to create thousands of jobs and boost America’s energy industry.  My colleagues and I commemorated the occasion by saying the president needs to stop dragging his feet and allow folks to get to work.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdTbdR-36C8&feature=youtu.be#t=11m53
Happy 67th birthday to the U.S. Air Force!  Alaskans support and appreciate everything you add to our communities around the state, and for your service in defending our nation.  Like the song says, ‘Nothing can stop the U.S. Air Force!’”
It's an honor to be recognized by the National Organization on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome for my efforts to boost awareness and prevention of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders. FASD is an entirely preventable line of developmental disabilities and birth defects, and I will remain dedicated to working against it. Together we can fight this affliction.
Alaskans, your 2014 Permanent Fund Dividend check will be $1,884. What do you plan to do with your PFD?  
Happy Constitution Day everyone! The U.S. Constitution was signed by our Founding Fathers 227 years ago today, and still stands as the both the oldest and shortest written Constitution of any major government in the world. 7,591 words have kept our country together through centuries of major accomplishments and incredible challenges. If you want a pocket-sized copy, I make sure to have copies available at all my Alaska offices – so stop by and pick one up today!    Test your Constitutional knowledge with this fun quiz from the Washington Post: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/answer-sheet/wp/2014/09/16/the-washington-posts-constitution-day-quiz/
Today is the first ever National Laboratory Day, and representatives from all the Department of Energy National Labs came to DC to talk about the amazing work they’re doing. When Alaskan families come to DC, oftentimes they get a tour of the monuments or the Capitol.  But if you’re thinking about a trip elsewhere in the Lower 48, I’d suggest putting a lab tour on your list.  After touring the exhibit with Energy Secretary Moniz, I shared my thoughts about our country’s National Lab system. 
Reminder to those in and around Anchorage concerned about the VA healthcare system: there is a town hall meeting at the Loussac Library tonight to give you a chance to share your thoughts and stories. Claims representatives will be available after the meeting to  provide one-on-one assistance. 
Talk about impressive---David Johnston of Willow started his 360 mile run today from Anchorage to Fairbanks. I caught up with David last month in Palmer when he told me about this run he’s doing to promote health. Way to go David!!
My staff in Anchorage participated in the Day of Caring Food Drive today, donating food items to be distributed through the anti-hunger network partners of Food Bank of Alaska. September is Hunger Action Month, and we all have the power to make a difference!
Yesterday was a big day  in Haines, with a grand opening ceremony of the Soboleff-McRae Veterans Village and Wellness Center. Housing for veterans upstairs, while the wellness center is being built on the ground floor of the building. Last month I was fortunate to see this amazing project firsthand and how this center is about valuing people and community. It will surely be a huge asset to the well-deserving vets in the Southeast!
Today is a day to remember those Americans we lost on 9/11, and also how blessed we are to live here. At the Mat-Su Regional Medical Center, the hospital's CEO John Lee and Dr. John Brady planted a tree on hospital grounds in memory and honor of the heroes and the fallen.
On this day of reflection and remembrance, I urge Alaskans, and all Americans, to join together once again in honor of those fallen heroes and innocent victims. I also ask you to hug your friends and family a bit tighter, and greet your colleagues with a wider smile – and appreciate all we still have, and all that those who oppose us can never take away. Our country’s sacred values of liberty and justice continue to make us a target for extremists who wish to do us harm. I cannot thank our soldiers, veterans, and their families enough for helping America remain resilient, proud, and strong.
I know a lot of Alaskans are following the President's remarks tonight, so I want to share my observations with you from having listened to him:  Like all Americans, I am extremely concerned with the rapid growth of the ISIS and the threat this barbaric group poses to Americans abroad, at home, and our allies around the world.  But we owe it to ourselves and our brave men and women in uniform to think clearly and thoughtfully before putting them into harm’s way. It’s time to step up our leadership and work together to determine the best strategy for our nation to combat this imminent threat.  President Obama recently inadvertently admitted what many Alaskans already knew: that he did not have a strategy to protect Americans against the spread of violent Islamic extremism like that posed by ISIS. Tonight, he attempted to convince us otherwise by introducing a broad strategy and a few near-term actions.  Instead, I believe we still need a comprehensive plan for the region and our role including a well-defined mission and clear objectives.  Action without a defined plan is not effective or sustainable foreign policy – and it makes attracting a coalition of allies more difficult.  Make no mistake, this is a highly complex situation and there are no easy answers to combat not only ISIS, but the plague of violent Islamic extremism across the globe.  But President Obama owes Americans more than he offered us tonight: we need to know what constitutes ‘victory’ and what benchmarks we will use to measure accomplishments as the activities are conducted.  Before we can attract support from our allies in the international community, we must define terms and goals more concretely.  President Obama also needs to acknowledge he must sit down with Congress and not simply suggest his plan represents the final say on the matter. He did not spell out precisely what he is seeking from Congress in tonight’s address.  Further, we need a plan to involve the key stakeholders in the Gulf region and our allies around the world to ensure a global effort against this face of evil.  The neighboring countries and others have just as much at stake in this fight as any nation or culture in the world, and they need to be a core part of the solution and the endgame to create a world environment truly hostile to this movement.  I watched the speech and heard his four objectives and found myself thinking to some ‘haven’t we already been doing this?’ and to others ‘how will this work?’  America and the international community needs more clarity than tonight’s remarks provided.
The Washington Post recently published an inaccurate report on Alaska’s bypass mail system. So to set the record straight for those outside Alaska who read it, I posted a factchecker on my website: 
This morning I read a news report that Russia has begun building new military bases in the Arctic -- just more evidence that the U.S. is not appropriately stepping up its activities in the Arctic and investing in a region where commercial and international activities are increasing.
Today is International Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders (FASD) Awareness Day—chosen specifically today, the ninth day of the ninth month of the year as a reminder that expecting mothers should not consume alcohol during their nine months of pregnancy. Although Alaska has made great strides in cutting down cases in our state – reducing our rate by 32 percent in recent decades – we can still do so much more. In 2011, I introduced and passed a resolution in the Senate commemorating today as International FASD Awareness Day, and I am proud of the work that is being done to raise awareness and the efforts being taken to address this 100% preventable problem. For more information on what Alaska is doing to help this problem, click here: http://dhss.alaska.gov/dbh/fas/Pages/default.aspx   
Principal Adam Mokelke, of Burchell High School in Wasilla, was in Washington, D.C. today to be recognized as one of six finalists for the 2014 National Principal of the Year Award. Adam said that if he wins, he plans to cover up his name on the award with the name of a student or teacher at Burchell each day—because everyone at Burchell deserves recognition. It’s clear that teaching is not a job to him, it’s his vocation.  Our fingers are crossed for you, Adam!
If you’re in the Mat-Su Valley, make sure to look out for these “Baby Salmon Live Here” signs! This important project is aiming to  raise awareness about Alaska’s most abundant – and delicious – resource: salmon. Program Director Kim Sollien got it right when she said that the knowledge of salmon is part of who we are as Alaskans!  
It was such an honor to speak with these precious young Alaskans in Skagway City School's K-2 class this afternoon.
Today I'm flying to Skagway to meet with local leaders and visit with students at the Skagway City School. What a beautiful day for flying!
I really appreciate FCC Commissioner Michael O'Rielly taking the time to come up to Alaska this past August, travelling around our state, visiting state and local officials, meeting with tribal organizations, and learning about Alaska’s unique geography and communication challenges. He had some interesting observations about distance learning and health care technologies that are worth taking a look at.   Read his blog report about his trip here: http://www.fcc.gov/blog/alaska-lessons-learned. 
I'm spending the weekend in Cordova, Alaska.  This morning I hiked Mount Eyak - and when I got to the top, what a clear view! Just gorgeous.
I always treasure my time back home to reconnect and listen to Alaskans about their lives, priorities and challenges.  And I make sure to stay in touch with you in rural Alaska, as you face incredible hurdles and high energy costs but still keep a positive attitude as we work together to build a better future for our state and children.  I want to thank everyone I met and listened to out in St. Mary’s, Pitka’s Point, Alakanuk, Emmonak and Bethel – your warmth and honesty meant a great deal to me.
I have opposed the Affordable Care Act from the beginning because I believed the basic economics of being a high-cost rural state with limited providers would lead to costly premium increases across Alaska like we are seeing today.  The U.S. needs to deal with the rising price of health care, but the ACA was the wrong way to go.  I pledge to Alaskans to continue to seek health care reform that cuts costs and improves access to health care services in our state.   http://commerce.alaska.gov/dnn/Portals/7/pub/090414-AK-health-insurance-rates.pdf
I've been pushing the National Guard for transparency, accountability and justice on the matter of sexual assaults. Governor Parnell released the findings today of a military report of sexual assaults in the Alaska National Guard. I’m hopeful this can be the first step in rebuilding an internal culture and restoring trust ….but we still have a long way to go. 
It was great to sit down with Alaska’s new head of the Federal Aviation Administration, Kerry Long, earlier this summer.  His wealth of experience with the FAA and NTSB – and his embrace of new technologies – will benefit the aviation community in Alaska. I’m glad to hear he’s planning to travel all around the state to see firsthand the unique challenges our aviation community faces.  http://www.alaskajournal.com/Alaska-Journal-of-Commerce/September-Issue-1-2014/New-Alaska-FAA-chief-focused-on-safety/
This week I am visiting a few villages in western Alaska. Yesterday I was in St. Mary's to hear their concerns and priorities.  I want to thank Mayor Bill Alstrom for his personalized tour around town before we sat down with community leaders.
I uploaded a short video I wanted to share from my hike on Root Glacier.  I'm always in awe of the beauty of the great state we live in! 
Alaska’s warehouses have tons of canned pink salmon on their shelves after last year’s record harvest.  Food banks and shelters nationwide are facing increasing numbers of Americans in need seeking food.  I appreciate the U.S. Department of Agriculture agreeing to use their existing food assistance funds to buy Alaska salmon to give those in need a nutritious option – one of the best that Mother Nature has given us. 
Before we move forward on resource development in the Chukchi Sea, it’s important to make sure we get as much data and information about the habitat to proceed intelligently.  I’m glad that I was able to help the research community get a unmanned aerial vehicle authorized and in the air to do this vital research.  Here’s a neat video of the launch of the Nanook this past weekend!   
While I’m glad that the VA has assigned a nurse practitioner to its Wasilla facility to provide relief and care in the near term, I am not easing up in the least to press the VA for doctors and a sustainable solution that addresses why the CBOC has been unable to find physicians that will stay long-term and not only treat the patients but become a member of the community. 
Had a wonderful experience hiking on Root Glacier in the Wrangell-St. Elias National Park!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful and restful Labor Day!  What are you up to?  I wanted to share a nice/national look at how Alaskans are using our ingenuity and resolve to grow and eat locally despite our state's unique challenges.  We already know it, but now millions more Americans do.
I'm spending my Labor Day weekend in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park. It's over 12 million acres and is the largest national park in America--not to mention six times the size of Yellowstone National Park. Get outdoors if you can and stay safe this holiday weekend!
Putin signaling his intent to invest in the Arctic is just further proof that America needs to take its role as an Arctic nation more seriously. If Russia understands the value of its position in the Arctic, then we need to as well. We cannot fall further behind other countries with our Arctic priorities. 
Congratulations to the 2014-2 Class of the Alaska Military Youth Academy! What a major accomplishment for these young Alaskans. I was so pleased to hear that many of them plan to take the next step and enlist in the various branches of our Armed Services. Good luck to them all for continued success.
In McCarthy this morning meeting with the National Park Service. We had a little hiccup getting here but what would an Alaska road trip be without some car trouble?
Today I toured the HAARP Facility in Gakona. Right now the Air Force is in productive discussions with UAF and Ahtna in finding a solution to keep this world-class facility open. I've expressed my concerns over whether or not it would be fiscally sound to destroy an approximately $300 million facility when it costs less than 1% of that amount to operate it each year. I am happy that the Air Force is considering those options regarding HAARP’s future, because the scientific and research benefits of HAARP could far outweigh the potential cost savings that would come from its closure.
America's veterans deserve our deepest respect and strong, continuous support. That's why I'm glad the VA has apologized for its bad decision to compare veterans to 'Oscar the Grouch' in a Lower 48 slide show. After the last few months of scandal and nationwide corner-cutting, the VA needs to rebuild trust, not parody those who served.
Today at JBER the 793d Military Police Battalion was officially inactivated. This elite group has been on continuous active duty since its activation in December 1942 and has been stationed in Alaska since 2010. Thank you to these brave men and women for their service throughout the years.
Thanks to Zack and Anjanette Steer for their hospitality at Sheep Mountain Lodge. They are a great example of hard working Alaskans running a successful small business…and are past Iditarod Mushers to boot!
Congratulations to these recent AmeriCorps graduates. Thank you for your willingness to help others and meet critical needs in the community.  These members just completed their four month work program in Alaska!
My staff said that if there was a Hula hoop contest, I would have a good chance of winning!
NA
NA
NA
NA
Have you ever seen a turnip this big?
Great to see these kids involved and excited to be part of the 4-H Program!
These kids were pretty intrigued to hear how I made my beeswax candle.
I've been to the fair my whole life and I still can't wrap my head around the fact that these pumpkins can grow to over 1,200 pounds. Amazing!
Ellen Grasso of Eagle River with her young sons Henley and Trenton
In a Humvee at the AK Air National Guard booth
Today I got a behind-the-scenes look into Matanuska Electric Association's Eklutna Generation Station. This state of the art plant will provide much needed services for the Mat-Su Valley and is scheduled to be up and running by the beginning of 2015. Most importantly, over 80% of the employees on this project are Alaskan. Amazing!
It’s always great to see a popular publication share Alaska’s unique history with Lower 48ers who might not know about our state's role in WWII.  Here’s an interesting look back at the WWII fights on Kiska, an island in the Aleutians. While most people think of the attacks on Pearl Harbor when they think of WWII, many don’t know that American soil was actually occupied by enemy forces during the war.   
This morning I met with Kerry Dorius (2014 Nurse Practitioner of the Year for Alaska!) and board members of the Girdwood and Hope health clinics to learn about how they are providing services in small Alaskan communities.
If Russia insists on using food imports as a weapon and banning American seafood from entering its economy, I believe we should respond with strong and immediate action. Today the Alaska Delegation reached out to the White House and requested that the U.S. should respond first with all diplomatic means and if needed, escalate by imposing a ban on Russian seafood imports into America. Our seafood industry deserves a firm stand.   
Today at JBER, command of the the U.S. Air Force’s 3rd Wing was handed over from Colonel David Nahom to Colonel Charles Corcoran. Thank you Col. Nahom for your service to our country, especially here in Alaska. Congratulations on your promotion to Brigadier General and we wish you and your family the best at your next assignment at the Pentagon. Welcome back to Alaska Col. Corcoran!
I'm honored to speak at Kenai's Industry Appreciation Day... to acknowledge and thank our local industries for the contributions that they make to our lives.
This week on the Kenai Peninsula, I had the opportunity to speak with the Kenai/Soldotna Chamber of Commerce to give a DC update and speak about my frustration with the partisanship getting in the way of solutions and legislation to help Alaskans. Check out the video to hear my thoughts. http://bit.ly/1q3wWVZ
Congrats to Mike and Paula Williams and family for being named Alaska's 2014 Farm Family of the Year!  Their farm, EagleSong Family Peony Farm, was given this honor by the Alaska State Fair for their "excellence and dedication in the production of quality Alaskan grown products". Way to go!
Thanks Coast Guard, for safely medevacing a crewmember onboard a South Korean icebreaker that was in waters north of Barrow. If this had happened a month ago, there wouldn't have been any Coast Guard helicopters in the area to carry out the rescue. This highlights our need for coastal infrastructure, as we see more and more shipping and maritime activities in our waters to the north. We need to focus on our role as an Arctic nation and prioritize our Arctic investments, such as adding more icebreakers to our Coast Guard fleet.
On behalf of concerned Alaskans, I initiated an independent review with a few of my Senate colleagues about the legality of the Pentagon’s decision to swap five high-risk Taliban members from Guantanamo Bay for the release of Bowe Bergdahl - specifically, how the White House didn't consult Congress as required by law. Today, that non-partisan legal opinion was released by the Government Accountability Office and they concluded this was in fact a violation of federal law.  Click on the link to read the GAO's findings: http://www.gao.gov/products/B-326013
I'm participating in the 2nd Annual Kenai River Classic Roundtable to discuss fishing; Alaskans are proud of our sustainably managed fisheries, but are always seeking new ways to improve them. We've got to protect our fisheries -- for our culture, economy, quality of life and recreation!
Last month I saw firsthand the damage caused by the Funny River Wildfire on the Kenai Peninsula. Today I'm talking with the different authorities and responders about their effective teamwork and the lessons learned from the disaster. Good communication and coordination doesn't happen by accident. Incredible work and outstanding leadership from the response command center!
A big congratulations to Adam Mokelke, principal of Burchell High School in Wasilla, who has been named 1 of only 6 finalists for the 2015 National Principal of the Year Award! Adam has done great work at Burchell raising student achievement for some of our at-risk youth, reducing suspensions, recovering dropouts and truly turning around the lives of young Alaskans. Thank you Adam for all of your hard work, and congratulations on this amazing achievement! 
My husband Verne and I just voted. The polls are still open for a couple more hours. Again, if you need help finding out where to vote, click here: http://www.elections.alaska.gov/
I am proud of my sons Nic and Matt for voting today in Ketchikan! Polls are open until 8 p.m. tonight…make sure you get out and vote!
Big day today in Alaska: primary election day. I hope everybody gets out and votes. If you need help finding out where to vote, click here: http://www.elections.alaska.gov/
Just incredible! Not only have we boosted ALS awareness to an all-time high, but the #IceBucketChallenge raised over $15 million! Have you challenged anyone yet? 
I appreciated the chance to share a DC update with the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce today and hear from hard-working Alaskan entrepreneurs who are really working overtime to build something special. It was also an honor to receive the Chamber's Spirit of Enterprise Award for having their back in Washington.
The permafrost tunnel here is like a time machine that tells us a lot about our natural history. I definitely made sure it was on our 'to do list' with Energy Secretary Moniz!
America needs an all-of-the-above, innovative energy future to boost our energy security and create jobs. Glad to bring the Secretary of Energy up to Chena Hot Springs to listen to one of Alaska's top innovators: Bernie Karl.
I was honored to speak to the brave men and women of the Coast Guard in Kodiak today. Alaskans love and support our Coast Guard and today was a valuable opportunity to tell them that in person. http://bit.ly/1t0FkXw 
Breaking ground today for additional Coast Guard housing on base in Kodiak. In a few years, families will live here, catch their first salmon, serve our nation and fall in love with Alaska.
Great to speak with and listen to such a large group of Guardians.  They say the arctic, staffing, sexual assault prevention and staying closer to family are issues on their minds.
It's great to hear the Kodiak Coast Guard asking Vice Admiral Ray about the surge of activities in the Arctic. They're ready and willing to accept the new challenges that our Arctic future holds for us.
Honored to be speaking to the Coast Guard in Kodiak today. These brave men and women are constantly being asked to do more with less - whether they're stepping up activities in the Arctic, plucking fisherman out of the water, or saving lives for the people of King Cove.
Thousands of Alaskans have legitimate concerns about the potential impacts that large-scale mining in Canada could hold for them….and so do I.  I recently sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry reiterating my concerns about mining in British Columbia, which has the potential to adversely affect downstream fisheries and communities in Southeast Alaska. My letter to Secretary Kerry comes in the wake of a major tailings pond breach at the Mount Polley mine in British Columbia.  My goal is to ensure the full protection of the Alaskan subsistence, commercial fishing, and tourism interests. (You can read my letter here: http://1.usa.gov/1sOVT8D)
Thanks to all of those--including my staff members Greg, Karina, and Cale--who volunteered for HUGSS (Helping Us Give School Supplies) & Coats for Kids in Anchorage today.
Today at the All Hands meeting at USCG Station Ketchikan I was honored to thank the Coast Guard for all they do, the families that support them, and the opportunity to represent them.
Everything is bigger in Alaska, so when I was nominated to complete the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, I decided to jump into 30 degree, ice-filled water on a fishing tender boat in Southeast Alaska. Go big or go home, right? In order to continue the fight against this devastating disease, I challenge every member of the United States Senate to soak themselves with ice-cold water within 24 hours or donate money to www.ALS.net. And if they decide to jump into Alaskan waters too, even better!
Had a great time visiting the both the Haines and Baranof Island Brewing Companies. Not only are these small businesses empowering the local economy, they also boost community pride.
Here's an inside view of Trident Seafoods on my recent trip to Ketchikan. As always, I'm proud of our Alaska seafood!
Another great day in the Southeast: great conversations with members of the Haines community, a visit to the harbor, and saw how the construction is coming along at the Jilkaat Kwaan Heritage Center in Klukwan.  One of the highlights though was touring The Veterans Village and Wellness Center in Haines. The facility colocates housing for veterans along with a wellness center, focused on providing for the needs of our veterans. It's an important addition to the community and entire southeast region.
Good news for Alaska's military community! I just got off the phone in Haines with the Air Force Secretary, who told us that Eielson Air Force Base has been named a 'preferred' location -- in other words, the front runner -- for two squadrons of F-35 II's.
Today I had the opportunity to go out and look at the Blue Lake Dam Expansion Project...from 650 feet in the air! (In a crane basket) It is impressive to see what Sitka has done, in spite of the obstacles that were in their way. Sitka is a leader in our state in many ways, especially when it comes to hydro power.
What a great day in Sitka today!  I want to thank the Chamber of Commerce there for inviting me to talk about the latest news on delivering health care for our veterans, renewable energy through hydropower and why I'm not giving an inch in my fight against Frankenfish. I really enjoy visiting with Alaskans across our state to take the pulse of everyone's concerns and conversations.
I was honored to have the chance to speak today at the annual TCC Alaska Tribal Court Development Conference with a focus of expanding the role of tribal courts in our state.
I'm in Fairbanks today--just had round table discussions with women in the mining industry to talk about current issues and challenges.
Way to go, Goldpanners!  Down in Wichita, the Alaska Baseball League champions won last night to stay alive for what could be their 7th national title!  Next up, the San Diego Waves tomorrow. http://www.newsminer.com/sports/baseball/goldpanners-keep-series-dream-alive-with-win/article_5e123616-1ba1-11e4-bf79-001a4bcf6878.html
Congratulations to Harry Race Pharmacy in Sitka, for winning the Good Neighbor Pharmacy of the Year Award!  (And way to go to the Alaskans who voted for them)  Can't wait to come to Sitka this week and visit with all of you to shake your hand and say 'Hi.'
I'm in Valdez today, and I started off my morning at Rogue's Garden Coffee Shop to talk with Kathy Nielsen to get her thoughts on running a small business -- both the challenges and the opportunities she sees.
Today is the 224th Birthday of the United States Coast Guard, since George Washington himself signed a bill to have sea vessels enforce federal laws.  If you see a guardian today around Alaska, wish them 'Happy Birthday' and thank them for all they do for our state. http://www.uscg.mil/history/web/USCGbriefhistory.asp
On Friday, the Chairman of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee and I wrapped up our negotiations over the draft 2015 funding bill.  Alaskans know the Interior Department has far-reaching influence on our state, so I was pleased this bill addressed a number of core Alaska priorities.  Rural infrastructure, Alaska Native health, volcano monitoring, subsistence, contaminated lands, modern maps for safety ... I look forward to improving the bill with House and Senate colleagues.
Back in Alaska for the month, enjoying First Friday catching up with local artists.
Alaskans lost a great man and a friend yesterday: Jim Kallander, longtime fisherman and former mayor of Cordova passed away after a lengthy and brave fight against cancer. While not an Alaskan by birth, Jim lived a life that defines our state. He worked hard to provide for his family as a fisherman, he taught his daughters to fish and hunt and work hard, he flew his own plane and knew the coastline, the rivers and the land. He cared for Cordova and it's people. Jim was a reluctant politician - he didn't like public speaking and he worried that his words were too direct but his heart carried him to serve the community that he loved. Jim loved his wife Patti and was immensely proud of the daughters they raised. Verne and I are better people because of the beautiful example set by our friend Jim. Our prayers are with Patti, Rachel, Emily and all Jim's family.
I just voted in favor of the Veterans Access to Care Act---a bill that would break through the red tape and allow vets to receive healthcare from non-VA facilities and improves accountability within the VA system. I voted for this bill because it represents a critical beginning to reforming the VA, but it’s only a first step.
I just voted against advancing the supplemental bill to send $2.7 billion down to address the situation on the border.  As many of you know, I went to the border to see firsthand what was happening there, so I wanted to explain my vote to Alaskans:  This emergency supplemental bill to address the border crisis had no opportunity for amendments.  While not quite a blank check, it mostly throws money at a problem without addressing the root causes or dealing with any real reforms when thoughtful proposals from Senators Cornyn, Flake and McCain deserved debate and an opportunity for a vote.  These are children whose families and lives are being impacted by the decisions we’re making.  As Americans and as leaders, we are obligated to responsibly consider all options to rein in a situation that the administration has allowed to get out of control.  But again, the Majority Leader allowed no amendments or improvements to a $3.6 billion bill.  It’s a shame that once again, a failure of process has led to an impasse on an issue that clearly demands Congressional action. 
McDonald's own website brags about our successful, sustainable Bering Sea fishery - so why would they reconsider based on pressure from environmental groups whose claims have no basis in fact or science? Alaskans take great pride in our sustainably-managed fisheries, and I invited the McDonald's CEO to come up and see them firsthand.
Today's must-watch video for Alaskans: A great commemoration and honor for an incredibly committed professional! An Alaska-sized congratulations and thanks to Ketchikan's Tom for becoming the first UPS Circle of Honor driver from Alaska.
It's not enough for FEMA to tell me they are getting better at responding to disasters in rural Alaska like Galena, I want to hear that they are finding ways to use the knowledge of people on the ground to best address these emergency situations.
Today I sat down with Rita Jo Shoultz of Alaska Perfect Peony out of Homer to discuss Alaska's most exciting new crop -- peonies. These gorgeous flowers can grow up to the size of a dinner plate because of our state's unique climate and long hours of daylight in the summer. Thanks Rita for bringing by some of your beautiful peonies!
As co-founder of Alaskan Brewing Co. Geoff Larson said: It's an amazing time to be a beer lover. Congrats to Alaskan Brewing for expanding its business to the Eastern time zone! Four Alaskan beers will now be available at various places throughout Detroit. I am always happy to hear about the success of Alaska's small businesses!
This week marks the end for my second session of summer interns.  It's tradition that I have them over for a BBQ and gift exchange to thank them personally for their service to the office and to Alaska.  From Ketchikan to Unalaska to North Pole, these are a great bunch of future leaders!
Admiral Robert J. Papp started his U.S. Coast Guard career in Adak and is now America's first ever Special Representative to the Arctic.  I was thrilled that one of his first official visits was to stop by my office and talk about his new position and what the nation needs to prioritize in the months and years ahead.
NBA legend Detlef Schrempf came by my office with the Seafood Nutrition Partnership today, encouraging the healthy benefits of seafood in Americans' diet.  He was a strong supporter of our delicious fish even before he came in and met our office mascot Walter.  Detlef, thanks for all your great work!
A great read for Alaskans with an eye on the Arctic is the USCG Cutter Healy's blog.  You can keep up-to-date on the research they are conducting, the work they are doing -- and the occasional 'sumo wrestling' tournament for fun.  Keep up the great work!
I know a lot of Alaskans were out enjoying the late July weekend, so you may have missed me on "Platts Energy Week" talking about why improving access to Alaska’s oil and gas is vital to our future. You can see my interview here. http://www.plattstv.com/
Another thing I did when I was out and about outdoors on Ted Stevens Day was visit the Fairview Block Party and catch up with some friends.  What did everyone else do?
NA
Had a great time at the Arctic Thunder Air Show at JBER today....even got a chance to chat with some of the Thunderbirds.
It was great fun to be a judge, alongside renowned BBQ writer Steven Raichlen and Shane Moore from Spenard Roadhouse, at the AK Public Media "BBQ Salmon Cook-off" in Anchorage this evening.
Note to Secretary Jewell: Alaskans are not going to 'get over' the need for the life-saving King Cove road.  As I said directly to her in March, the road is non-negotiable.  The health and safety of the people of King Cove is non-negotiable.
Look who walked into my Anchorage office today. This summer Mark Junge is biking 700 miles---on oxygen--- from Anchorage to Whitehorse, Yukon Territory to raise awareness for COPD. Alaska wishes you well! If you want to know more about Mark’s ride, here’s a link. http://bit.ly/1l1JurF
Great news for our state’s historical documents!  As of Noon today, the National Archives sealed the deal with Alaska to transfer 1,800 cubic feet of Territorial Court Records into the state’s possession.  That means marriage certificates, birth records and property history from our state's past will stick around in-state. See my letter of congratulations to the State Archives and all the participants here.
Tomorrow is the fourth commemoration of Ted Stevens Day, and I'm going to be outside enjoying our state with Alaskans at the JBER Air Show and a great picnic.  What plans do you have to enjoy the outdoors tomorrow?
August 16, 2014 is now officially National Airborne Day! Very proud that the bipartisan resolution I introduced and was co-sponsored by 20 of my Senate colleagues just passed unanimously!
We have such an opportunity right now with our natural resources to boost both our energy independence and our national security.  Today I discussed the prospects and path forward with the nominee to be Deputy Secretary of Energy.
What a pleasure to meet with future farmers Taylor Armstrong (North Pole) and Johnathan Biggerstaff (Talkeetna), Alaska FFA Association's state officers! These bright young Alaskans are doing great work advancing agriculture throughout our state.
I'm concerned that FEMA uses flawed data and science to determine whether a property is at flood risk, forcing property owners to spend their own money to get FEMA to fix their (costly) mistake when they should have just gotten it right in the first place.  Today I spoke with the FEMA Administrator about ways we can get better data and protect homeowners from costly flood insurance rate hikes.
Way to go Alaska, more than ever a worldwide tourist draw! Last year we had a record-breaking number of tourists visit our amazing state.
I just met the Wilcoxes from Sitka, and they are incredible! Not only are they on-board in the fight against Frankenfish, but the father/son duo of Brett and David just ran 3,000 miles across the country to promote a sustainable, GMO-free food system. Can you believe they averaged 20 miles a day?
This will sound familiar to Alaskans: the Department of Interior is keeping a critically-needed road from being built in a wildlife refuge.  This time, it's along the southern border and is posing a huge logistical challenge for our men and women patrolling the border.
My book donation drive to Alaska schools and non-profits just broke the 10,000 book mark!  The 10,000th book was Aesop's Fables and it was part of a 142 book donation to Chester Valley Elementary to honor the memory of longtime librarian Beverley Fonnesbeck. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=f41695af-775b-471e-9b27-54e21f481536
Our secret is out! It's been made official what we in Alaska have known a long time: JBER and Eielson are two of the best military bases in the nation. 
Whether we are discussing national security, diplomacy, or commerce in the far North –it’s important that we in Washington, as well as capitals across the Arctic region, hear your voices and concerns directly. Here’s my message to the Inuit Circumpolar Council as they meet this week: http://youtu.be/rbNk3HhiFWg
This morning in Ketchikan, the Coast Guard held a Change of Command Ceremony.  I want to say thank you to Lt. Sam Blase for his service to our state, and a welcome to Lt. Ian Starr who will take over command of the USCG Cutter Chandeleur starting today.
Alaskans have a very close relationship with the Coast Guard. While touring the Pentagon today, my summer interns snapped a picture in the Coast Guard Corridor.
So many Alaskan museums and libraries are doing tremendous work for their local traditions and deserve big-time recognition.  That's why this week I nominated six of them for national distinction.  Click here to find out if one near you was nominated - and let me know if there is one I missed, so I can nominate it next year.
Before I left Texas from my trip to examine the situation on the border first-hand, I wanted to share my thoughts and observations with Alaska.
This morning I saw a 7 year old girl from Ecuador—she does not know where her parents are.  She’s traveling with no one. How did she get here? We have a humanitarian issue before us. We have to deal with these children, with these families, in a humane way. We have to be fair in all aspects of this situation, but that humanitarian way is also addressing this in a quick and efficient manner, while making sure there is a level of due process.
Good to talk with my colleague John Cornyn over some lunch. As the Senior Senator from Texas, he is very knowledgeable on this border situation.
Talking with the border patrol officers about the ways that the federal government could help them better do their job.  One thing they say: they cannot get clearance to build roads closer to the Southern border.
I'm at the Customs and Border Protection facility in McAllen,- the busiest station in the country - and Chief Patrol Agent Kevin Oaks is explaining their operations and challenges - with over 3,000 permanent agents working here alone.
Today I'm in McAllen, TX to see firsthand the conditions on the Southern border and I'm starting off the day by listening to the Mayor of McAllen, JIm Darling, who is sharing with us how his town is handling the flow of unaccompanied children.
Such tragic news about the Malaysian Airlines flight that crashed in eastern Ukraine---praying for the family and friends of those on board the plane.
Congratulations to a true friend to Alaska and an expert on Arctic issues, Admiral Robert J. Papp, for becoming the United States' first ever Special Representative to the Arctic.  It's a positive step forward for America taking seriously that we're an Arctic Nation.  Naming Fran Ulmer as the Special Advisor on Arctic Science and Policy will also provide a serious boost to our work in the region.
Alaska's military community deserves our respect and our full support.  I'd like to thank my Senate colleagues for helping me address a lot of Alaska's military priorities through our 2015 spending bill -- like missile defense, life-saving combat rescue helicopters, Arctic infrastructure and investment and also the debilitating disease of ALS increasingly seen among our men and women who have served.  We must protect those who protect us.
I love this story about preserving Alaskan native languages by making the most of 21st century technology!
On this day in 1923, President Harding drove in the Golden Spike to signify the completion of the Alaska Railroad, one of the most significant pieces of infrastructure in our state. 
HooDoo Brewing Company has been nominated for the Best Craft Brewery in America! Make sure to cast your vote here: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/bestbreweries2014
Flying back to DC now after a quick weekend home in Alaska. These long flights are usually very productive as I have hours to read news, reports and briefings to prepare for the upcoming week. But it's been tough to concentrate today because the view at 30,000 feet, courtesy of Alaska Airlines, has been phenomenal. The Alaska Range was lit up as we left Anchorage, the water down the coastline to Cordova was glimmering against the snow covered mountains and ribbons of glaciers, and now flying over the emerald islands here in southeast - all views that take your breath away, even for those of us lucky to live here our whole lives.  Ive taken several pictures and deleted them all because the iphone doesn't come close to capturing the breadth and beauty of it all. We are so blessed to call Alaska home. (Can't believe I'm saying this, but hopefully there will be cloud cover on my flight out of Seattle so I can get my work done.)
Verne and I are out flipping for reds on the Kenai River. Here's our first fish of the morning!
I had a great day today on the Kenai Peninsula at the Funny River Festival, catching up with Alaskans.  While there, I was honored to be able to thank the fire fighting community in person who came to the rescue with the recent fire that burned over 196,000 acres. Alaskans are exceptionally thankful for what they're doing and what they've done.
An Alaska-sized congratulations and thank you to Alaska Air National Guardsman Master Sergeant Roger Sparks for receiving the military's 3rd highest honor -- the Silver Star Medal -- for his bravery and valor in Afghanistan.
I'm not normally a Buzzfeed 'listicle' person, but anything that so clearly and enthusiastically proves that Alaska is "pure bliss in the Summertime" gets a thumbs-up from me!  Alaska = The Great Land!
I am frustrated and concerned about the administration's handling of the illegal immigration situation on the U.S./Mexico border.  They say they have been seeing a steady rise in these illegal unaccompanied minors for years, and they are only now calling for action and portraying it as a sudden emergency.
Congratulations to Alaska Air National Guardsman Master Sergeant Roger Sparks, recipient of the Silver Star Medal, the military’s third highest decoration for valor and gallantry while in action against enemy forces, for his heroic actions in Afghanistan in 2010. Sparks truly upheld the Pararescue vow "The Things I Do, That Others May Live" with his selfless actions during a lifesaving rescue in the face of a fierce Taliban assault. Tomorrow, MSgt Sparks receives his Silver Star Medal at JBER.
The Today Show's Natalie Morales visited Juneau and explored the beautiful Mendenhall Glacier. I'm glad that she was able to visit our state and have an authentic Alaskan experience.  Natalie, next time bring the whole show up to the 49th state! 
Good news for Alaska!  Last night, the Senate passed the Huna Tlingit Traditional Gull Egg Use Act, a bill Rep. Don Young and I have been working on for over three years. This legislation is long overdue, but it is finally done and headed to the President's desk -- it’s also a step in the right direction for subsistence rights on federal lands. I’m deeply proud to have played a part in making sure we help preserve the cultural identity of the Huna Tlingit people.
I love this story: the Alaska village of Bethel just got its first movie theater in over thirty years last weekend.  Happy viewing!
Today I spoke about the Sportsmen’s Act that I introduced.  Sportsmen’s issues have historically been very bipartisan and non-political, but I’m very worried that this bill is getting tangled in partisan Senate procedure.  Unless we agree to an open amendment process – where we take votes instead of hiding from them – we are unlikely to make any further progress on it.   
Today marks 87 years since Alaska’s state flag was first flown in public, over the designer 13-year old Benny Benson’s home in Seward. The blue represents the sky and the Forget-Me-Not flower, the North Star symbolizes the bright future of Alaska, and the dipper is for the Great Bear – representing strength. Alaskans like to show off the eight stars of gold on a field of blue at every chance, so make sure to proudly fly your flag today!
My second group of summer interns has arrived! Great to meet these recent high school grads from all across Alaska (including Fairbanks, North Pole, Juneau, Petersburg, Unalaska, Palmer, Eagle River, and Ketchikan).
Today marks 56 years since President Eisenhower signed the Alaska Statehood Act, clearing the way for us to become the 49th state!
Hope everyone had a great, patriotic 4th of July!  My family and I had a fun one, watching the parade in Wrangell!
Happy Independence Day!  As we celebrate the 4th of July, it’s important that we take a moment to reflect on and appreciate the precious values that our country represents.   Happy 238th Birthday, America!
What a great event for the day before July 4th: Today at Kincaid Chalet, 55 men and women from 29 different countries were sworn in as Americans at a naturalization ceremony in Anchorage.
What a great way to commemorate the Fourth of July this weekend: the Honor Flag is in Anchorage, and Alaskans can see and hold it for the first time tonight at the Anchorage Hilton before it is part of the 4th of July Parade tomorrow.
So thrilled and proud to be together with the descendants of Walter Harper as we name the NPS Talkeetna Ranger Station after him -- 101 years after he became the first man to summit Denali.  I was proud to introduce and pass legislation to make today happen: http://www.energy.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/6/sen-murkowski-marks-century-anniversary-passes-bill-honoring-first-athabascan-climber-to-summit-denali
Alaska's breweries are a fun topic, but they're also serious business and a thriving part of our state's economy. Denali Brewing Company GM Sassan Mossanen is telling me about how he invests in his business and the community.  During the summer, they employ as many as 75 people!  (PS The Mother Ale gets a big thumbs up)
A big congratulations to Michelle Howard for becoming the first woman to be promoted to a four-star admiral in the United States Navy!
I am pleased to hear that the Air Force listened to my concerns and delayed the demolition of the HAARP facility in Gakona for a year. I understand they have to reevaluate their spending, but I think HAARP’s research is too important to bulldoze without considering all the available options.
I want to thank FedEx for convening a special task force to look into the issue of sending packages to rural areas that use post office boxes, after I reached out to them and urged them to find a practical solution to Alaska’s unique postal challenges. 
This weekend I spent a beautiful day in UAF's Georgeson Botanical garden. We talked about wild Alaska peonies, one of our state's new exports. Read more about it here: http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/06/flowers-from-alaska/372994/.
Good news on Alaska seafood: state and federal agencies worked together to study the safety of our waters and seafood. They found the safety of fish and shellfish from Alaska waters and beaches are not affected by the nuclear reactor damage in Japan. I'm going to continue monitoring this issue, but if you want more information, here's a link to the Alaska DEH report.
Greg Kaplan, a member of my Anchorage staff, and some friends are manning the grill at the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce's Military Appreciation Picnic at Ft. Richardson! This picture makes me hungry!
For too many vulnerable young Alaskans -- and Americans nationwide -- when school is out, their hunger doesn't go on vacation. I am proud to co-sponsor the Summer Meals Act to to improve this important program. I plan on honing it further as it moves through the committee process to make it the most cost-effective, efficient program possible. 
Survive and Advance! Alaska's lunch hour plans are officially set for next Tuesday!  High Noon, Alaska time, the U.S. World Cup soccer team takes on its next opponent. Where will you watch?
Rhubarb surprise! I'm making rhubarb blueberry crisp tonight (with rhubarb fresh from my garden in Anchorage) for a treat for my interns. Tomorrow is my last day with our first session summer interns. They are enthusiastic young Alaskans from around the state who have been with me for a month. They have all been great ambassadors for our state as they meet people from around the country and learn the ins and outs of the US Senate. It has been great to get to know each of them: Nicole, Alphonso, Emily, Lindsay, Deirdre, Austin, Rachel, McKenzie, Michaela, and Maria. Thanks for working so hard as we serve Alaska!
NASA technology is incredibly impressive - especially some that's headed up to the Arctic.  Look at this underwater rover that's conducting cutting-edge research under ice. 
Looking forward to talking with KTVA's Daybreak later this hour!  I should be on around 6:45.
The U.S. has to invest in our Arctic future.  Earlier today, I stressed the case for our Arctic needs with the Senate Homeland Security Appropriators -- we've got to keep up with the region on icebreakers, tourism, shipping and nat'l defense.  The Subcommittee Chairwoman committed to an Arctic-focused hearing in the fall.
Congrats to Doctor Janice Sheufelt from Juneau for winning the women's solo category in the Race Across America, biking from California to Maryland in less than 12 days! 
NOAA reports a serious earthquake out in the Aleutians has triggered a tsunami warning for coastal Alaska.  If you or a friend lives in on the coast, please be careful and head for higher ground!
Though my current great group of interns (pictured) are here for another week, today I announced my second session that will arrive in July: Rebecca Carney-Braveman and Sarah Pherson of Fairbanks; Annika Graham and Evyn Ysais of North Pole; Izabella Powers of Juneau; Diane Murph of Petersburg; Amber Vernon of Unalaska; Nathan Sidell of Palmer; Marcus Gamble of Eagle River; and Samuel Ortiz of Ketchikan.
Fresh air, good weather and great exercise!  Verne and I celebrated Solstice Weekend by hiking Flattop.
The Missile Defense Agency had a successful test over the Pacific today! Congratulations to the MDA's leadership team and all their scientists for ironing out the technical issues that caused previous failures.  I look forward to working with them to expand Fort Greely’s capabilities and leverage Alaska’s strategic location for the protection of our entire nation. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=279a635c-f774-401e-8577-9cc4324ad9f9
The National Anthem captures so much of this nation's greatness and strength.  Little did Francis Scott Key know when he wrote it, we'd still be singing it at celebrations and ballgames in 2014.  I want to wish a Happy 200th Anniversary to 'The Star-Spangled Banner' 
I love this video tribute to the Harry Race Pharmacy in Sitka, up for 'Good Neighbor Pharmacy of the Year' in a nationwide contest.  Small town people looking after one another with care. They've got my vote! Any Alaskan wanting to give them a hand in the contest, head to http://www.mygnp.com/
We have it in our power to increase our nation's energy needs with liquified natural gas and help out our allies worldwide, but we've just got to do a better job at expediting export licenses -- both for our economy and our national security.
I want to thank Sonta Hamilton Roach, a teacher at Innoko River School in Shageluk for traveling all the way to Washington, DC to share her thoughts about my legislation to protect and preserve Native languages -- and the challenges she faces in the classroom.
I love talking to young Alaskans who love to learn. Today I had the great opportunity to speak to 51 really bright young Alaskans who made the long trip to DC to compete in the National History Day contest. I wish them the best of luck!
Alaska's sustainably managed fisheries have a good story to tell, but they don't succeed by accident.  It takes thoughtful science and collaborative efforts among state and federal officials and stakeholders.  I joined my Senate Oceans Caucus Co-Chair at an international oceans event, and shared Alaska's story.
Earlier today, I got to welcome the fifteen newest Americans by leading them in the Pledge of Allegiance at a Smithsonian Naturalization Ceremony. After they recited the Oath of Allegiance, they waved their American flags.
Almost two centuries ago, our government promised Native Americans health care, education, and housing support in exchange for their land, minerals, and natural resources.  It hasn't delivered. As a result, Native American children are now among the most vulnerable populations in the United States.  These children, like all children, deserve better.
This is the kind of news that I like to hear! The FDA has recently recommended that pregnant women eat more of Alaska’s most delicious natural resource: fish. Wild Alaska salmon – and pollock and cod – are literally going to be “food for thought” for newborns in the months and years ahead!  
My Anchorage staff is helping NeighborWorks put the first coat of paint on Patriot Square. This housing complex will help our veterans get the high quality, affordable, accessible housing that they deserve. What a great cause!
Whether it's through thoughtful presents or surprises or a little extra family time, I hope every dad across Alaska is having a great Father's Day today!
FYI, Alaska: Tomorrow is National Get Outdoors Day, and the U.S. Forest Service is waiving fees for the occasion!  Get out there and enjoy!
Welcome to our new Coast Guard District 17 Commander Rear Admiral Daniel Abel! He has big shoes to fill after the fantastic service of Rear Admiral Thomas Ostebo – a friend to me and all Alaska. Yesterday in Juneau they held the change of command ceremony.
I love this picture!  Hundreds of people came to Sandy Beach in Douglas for the landing of the One People Canoe Society after a week-long journey.  The arrival of the canoes signify the beginning of Celebration 2014 - the arts and culture festival in Juneau.
It was great to hear the head of the Missile Defense Agency say that the long range discrimination radar system that's likely headed to Alaska is "absolutely vital."  Alaska is a key strategic location for our national defense, and it's at the frontlines of the new threats emerging in the Pacific region.
My family is in town and wanted to see a baseball game.  Since I couldn't take them to an Alaska Baseball League game, I did the next best thing: the Bowie Baysox!
Today the Senate held a vote about student loan refinancing - an enormous concern to me as a mother and the former Commissioner of the Alaska Commission on Post-secondary Education. I want to talk to you directly about student loans and the Alaskan issues with the bill considered by the Senate today.
I bring up the importance of the Arctic with federal officials in all branches of government.  I have to say that the military is more tune with our needs in the north than most.  Here's a great story about their internal conversations, illustrating how seriously they take the region:
Before the VA became a national story, I was working to get answers for Alaska's veteran care.  Today the Alaska media reported on my efforts from last month to have the Wasilla VA clinic get closely studied so that staffing shortages can be avoided.
Way to go, Alaska Aces!  Congratulations on the big win against Cincinnati last night and becoming only the second three-time Kelly Cup champion - a title hat trick!
Not only was it a beautiful blue sky day in Eklutna, but I also was able to present the American flag to Lee Stephan, President of the Native Village of Eklutna, at the Eklutna PowWow.  Thanks to everyone for the great event!
A beautiful (and a bit soggy) hike out to Saddlebag Lake out in Cordova. What a fun, fabulous weekend here with great Alaskans!
As we recall America's success today on the 70th anniversary of D-Day, it's also important to remember the attacks on Alaska soil that were part of World War II -- and honor the members of our greatest generation for their service and sacrifice.
Congrats to the great folks at the Sitka Sound Science Center for receiving a M.J. Murdock Charitable Trust grant to renovate its exterior.  They work in a fantastic historic building there in Southeast Alaska, but it needs some touching up.  Can't wait to see it in a few months after they get to work.
I'm about to step onto the Senate floor to discuss the new EPA proposals this week.  Here's the live-stream from C-SPAN2. http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
Today's appropriations bill gives our fisherman the tools and information they need to do their jobs; earlier today I thanked my Senate colleagues for incorporating my suggestions to help the farmers of our oceans work as efficiently as possible.
I want to thank Dave Stieren at KFQD for having me on to talk about the Bergdahl story.  The more I find out about the White House negotiating to release five high-ranking Taliban officials, the more questions and concerns I have – as do my Senate colleagues from both parties. Nobody wants to leave a soldier behind, but there are protocols and a legal requirement to consult Congress on decisions to release terrorists from Gitmo. This was not only a bad deal done the wrong way, but also it is clearly bad for the morale and safety of our men and women serving us around the world and the safety and security of our country. If you missed our conversation, a link to the segment is below.
What a great story: While on vacation, a U.S. Air Force pilot helped land a commercial 737 when the pilot suffered an apparent heart attack.
Today I got to meet my first group of summer interns, and walk them through the Senate's schedule and what is in store for them.  A sharp group of young Alaskan men and women, ready to get to work!  Parents, family and friends - see anyone you know?
72 years ago today, Japanese bombers attacked Dutch Harbor in the Aleutians, opening up a violent but little known chapter in our nation's World War II story.  When Japanese forces occupied Attu and Kiska in 1942, it was the first foreign occupation of American soil since the War of 1812.
Tsunami debris, fisheries management and Arctic mapping.  I thank my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee for supporting Alaska's world class waters and our Arctic future in the 2015 Commerce, Justice and Science funding bill.
Everything's bigger in Alaska -- including our 'Thank You's.  On the Kenai yesterday, Central Peninsula communities held a huge appreciation BBQ for the firefighters who tirelessly protected life and property.
On behalf of the Alaskan community and a grateful nation, I am proud to welcome Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl back to his brothers and sisters in uniform – and also to his family and friends who have held out hope while dealing with sleepless nights for all these years.  This successful endeavor of negotiating was a team effort among the military and international community, but the road ahead requires just as much teamwork and vigilance. We should all support Sergeant Bergdahl and his family through our thoughts, actions and prayers.  Today is also a day to remain aware of the thousands of men and women still deployed and in harm's way in Afghanistan.  Though our efforts there are winding down, the dangers remain real. Today is a good opportunity to thank them all, for the risk that Sergeant Bergdahl took is the burden they all share – and we look forward to their return home, as well.  Welcome home, Bowe, and thank you to all our troops.
Because of his deeply held belief in accountability, General Shinseki submitted his resignation to the President today.  But this structural problem is far larger than one man, and if true reform is to be enacted and felt within the VA, Shinseki should be the first of many, many more to depart the agency.
Congrats to Alaska's two-sport star, Scooter Bynum from Monroe Catholic in Fairbanks, for winning state basketball player of the year a few months ago and top baseball player this week. (And he's a National Honor Society member, too!)
Had a great conversation with Defense Secretary Hagel during his time in Anchorage.  We talked about the Pentagon's strategy for the Arctic, my concerns about the VA and budget constraints facing the military.  Alaska takes care of our men and women in uniform, and I'm glad he got a first-hand look at the Alaska military community.
The United States and the world lost an incredible voice today -- a voice for building bridges and improving understanding among different cultures.  Her message and her impact will be felt for years by all of us. Rest in peace, Maya Angelou.
Good news for some down on the Kenai Peninsula, who get the word the can go back home -- but Alaskans statewide have those dealing with the wildfire in our hearts and prayers.  (And a big 'Thank You' to the first responders helping the community, as well as the Red Cross and Salvation Army pitching in.)
It was a beautiful day in Ketchikan for that community's Memorial Day ceremony.
There are events going on across Alaska today - big and small - to commemorate Memorial Day and honor our fallen.  Yesterday, I participated in one of the more sincere ceremonies at the Alaska Veterans Memorial at Byers Lake near Denali.
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone who has been displaced or affected by the Funny River Fire, and also to the hard-working firefighters from across Alaska, Canada and the Lower 48 who are working round-the-clock to keep people and structures safe.  Thanks to the Red Cross for always being there when help is needed and to the countless Alaskans who have stepped up to assist during this dire situation. It's times like these when it is heart-warming to see Alaskans rally together to help one another.
We are all blessed to live as Americans and appreciate our freedoms.  But this Memorial Day weekend, let's remember that freedom is not free.
This Memorial Day weekend, take a time out from barbeques or get togethers and spend a moment (or a few) remembering those who have died defending our freedoms -- and how fortunate we are as Americans.  Here is my message for Alaskans:
Memorial Day is the perfect time to share my new "Veteran Spotlight" with Commander William Howell, Jr of Sterling, who served the United States on submarines during the Cold War, the first Gulf War, and our operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.  He believes that every American has a duty to our country; I couldn't agree more. I thank him and all our valued military for their service.
Enjoying fresh fiddlehead ferns that Verne and I picked in Girdwood. Pair that with wild Alaskan salmon and it's the perfect birthday dinner. #AKLove
My great birthday just got better - the Senate Appropriations Committee passed my amendment requiring the labeling of Frankenfish.  (If the FDA approves it, which I continue to believe they shouldn't) It's about empowering the consumer to make an informed choice.  My choice will always be wild Alaska salmon, of course.
Wow!  What a great way to start my birthday!  I'm very fortunate to work with such a thoughtful staff ... my favorite kind of cake, too!
Good luck and stay safe to Alaskans on the Kenai Peninsula dealing with the Funny River fire.  Firefighters are coming in from across the state, so Alaska State Troopers are reminding Alaskans to not block first responders from access to the fire by parking to watch it.
Military families share the sacrifice of service with their soldiers, so spouses and children deserve access to care and programs as they deal with deployments or rocky homecomings.  I've introduced a bill to look out for them, as well.
Today in a Senate hearing on defense spending, we talked about the Arctic, how we need to keep the region safe and secure -- and how needs to be a national priority.
Good news for the community of Galena: over $2.6 million in federal disaster funds are being directed to their efforts to elevate 16 homes in the village after last year's horrible flood.  I still have questions for FEMA about how it responds to disasters in Alaska, though, and I am not going to stop until I get answers.
A government report agrees with what I've been saying about our Arctic agenda for awhile now: the federal government needs to step up its engagement in the Arctic region, and we need an Arctic Ambassador to lead the effort.
Congratulations to Samantha Beaman of Houston High School!  She won the Big Lake Chamber of Commerce Scholarship at today's Chamber luncheon. Keep up the great work, Samantha!
In Anchorage this weekend, the community honored women World War II veterans at the Alaska Veterans Museum, thanking them for their service to our nation with quilts!
Great job by students in the Kenai Peninsula Borough School District today!  They all got together to clean up the Kenai River and by the end of the day successfully removed 2,500 lbs of trash so it's ready for a gorgeous summer!
I'd like say a big 'Thank You' to everyone who came out and joined me at today's YFALS Corntoss Challenge for ALS research. It was a fun time for a great cause!
Congratulations to three of the newest citizens of the US! Today in Ketchikan, they held that town's first naturalization ceremony since 2006.
I'm committed to doing everything I can to fight Lou Gehrig's disease and find a cure, so I'm excited to play beanbag toss tomorrow with my family and friends for this incredibly important cause.
It's National Bike to Work Day!  What a good way to get some exercise as you get to work.  If you've got the chance, leave the car behind and pedal today.
It's an important day in Alaska and across the country: Peace Officers Memorial Day.  As Alaskans mourn our recent fallen Alaska State Troopers, it's a valuable opportunity to stop and appreciate those whose vocation in life is keeping us safe and sound.  On behalf of a grateful state, thank you.
This week is National Book Week, and I'm thrilled to have donated my 9,500th book to promote Alaska reading!  I want to thank the Library of Congress for working with my office to make these donations possible. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=2d5ea529-d61d-4563-be0d-ad97ff8a4f1a
There's so much opportunity for innovation and research in the Arctic.  I'm glad that the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is enthusiastic about its Assured Arctic Awareness initiative, so we can get more data and information to move forward in the region intelligently.
Alaska is #3 in the nation when it comes to breweries per capita - and our small brewers are a dynamic, growing economic sector for our state. I encourage Alaskans to take a moment this week to commemorate American Craft Beer Week.  Check out this video with a brief cameo by 49th State Brewing Company!
Thousands of Hmong fought side-by-side with American forces during Vietnam in their 'stealth war.' Today I introduced a bill to allow Hmong-Americans who served and died in support of our cause to be buried in national cemeteries.
With Alaskans still mourning the loss of two of our Alaska State Troopers, I was especially honored to participate in this year's Candlelight Vigil at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Tuesday night.  Our thoughts and prayers remain with the Johnson and Rich families.
Congrats to Ginna and John Baldiviez - as well as the entire Baldiviez family - for being named the 2014 Alaskan Small Business Persons of the Year for their dynamic success story at Anchorage's House of Bread!  Thanks so much for the visit to my office; I can't wait to come by your store on one of my next trips home.
Women's Health Magazine is a strong ally in Alaska's fight against Frankenfish. So I thank them for letting me submit a blog post in honor of National Women's Health Week about what its readers "Need to Know" about genetically engineered salmon, as I continue to fight its approval.
Here's one big reason I keep telling Americans we need to get moving and invest in an Arctic future: Nations like Russia are already gearing up, and moving full steam ahead. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2626193/Russia-wins-oil-rich-territory-big-Switzerland-without-violence-handed-Ali-Babas-cave-natural-resources-arctic.html#ixzz31VpBWqpN
This week is National Women's Health Week.  Over the weekend, I was able to share my thoughts and encouragement with many women veterans attending the VA's Spring Health and Wellness for Women Veterans Retreat.   I also shared my ongoing concern about the issue of military sexual assault among the ranks, and told the attendees that my work against this issue will continue.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms! There is nothing better than being a mom. The love, the hugs, the tears, the pride as you watch your children grow. I miss the days when Mothers Day began with a card made from construction paper, crayons and lots of glitter. I still have picture frames made from popsicle sticks and glued macaroni noodles, bumpy little clay dishes hold earrings on my dresser, and artwork from kindergarten hangs throughout our house. But there is no gift greater than that of your children themselves. The simple words "love you Mom" can carry me for days. Verne and I are blessed with two wonderful boys (now men) and we celebrate them every day. My morning started with a wake up call from Nic to wish me a happy day.  He's packing up his truck and moving from Boulder to Seattle today. Matt just finished his final exams in Gunnison and will be heading north to work the salmon fisheries for his 4th season. Verne and I are spending a sunny day in Girdwood scouting for fiddleheads, biking or maybe hiking.  Salmon on the bbq tonight with my sisters/cousins as we enjoy our special day as moms. Off to work in DC tomorrow. Life is good as we are blessed with an abundance of love. Share your love with your mom today!
I was on the same Anchorage flight to Fairbanks yesterday with our Interior veterans who were part of the Honor Flight. The flight on Alaska Airlines took us over and around Denali where we got a crystal clear view. Magnificent! What a treat for our veterans and the rest of us on the plane.
Anchorage residents gave the Last Frontier Honor Flight a hero's welcome when veterans from southcentral Alaska landed at Ted Stevens International Airport earlier today, too!
Wow!  After a whirlwind trip out to DC and back, the Last Frontier Honor Flight is back home.  Way to go, Fairbanks, for rolling out the red carpet today for these tremendous men and women!  To find out everything about the Last Frontier Honor Flight, visit http://www.lastfrontierhonorflight.net/
Are you like me, and dread getting your picture taken at the DMV? I stopped by to update my license yesterday, and they said the picture turned out well.
Our Alaska Native languages are alive and spoken today, but we've got to work keep them alive.  If they aren't passed on, the richness of our native cultures are at risk. That's why I introduced the Native American Languages Reauthorization Act this week: to sustain this link to the heritage of our First People.
It took way longer than it should have, but I'm glad Fish & Wildlife Service finally saw reason: the wood bison is coming back to Alaska. http://goo.gl/4ivgBY
Today is National Military Spouse day, so I hope the thousands of members of the Armed Forces we have in Alaska are doing something special for their husband or wife who also bear the burden of service to our nation.
For all the Alaskans supporting and tracking the Last Frontier Honor Flight's visit to Washington, D.C., here is a short video summary of them sharing their time with us on Capitol Hill!
At today's HELP Committee hearing with the HHS Secretary Nominee Sylvia Burwell, I shared the insurance premium increases that many Alaskans are seeing under the health care reform law -- sometimes more than doubling.  I continue to believe that we have not yet reduced health care costs and made it more affordable.
What an honor and a thrill to meet the Last Frontier Honor Flight this morning on their visit to Washington, DC!  These men and women are treasures and I thank them for sharing a few moments on Capitol Hill during their busy trip.  Be sure to click here for more information about their mission: http://www.lastfrontierhonorflight.net/
Activities and opportunities are on the rise in the Arctic, and America needs to be far better engaged in the region, as other nations make investments and moves there.  Great to see this interesting piece about the Army's growing Arctic Circle mission:
What the people of King Cove are asking for is so simple, so basic and yet it's being denied because of a decision putting waterfowl over humans - it's not right.  And I'm going to keep talking about it because the safety and lives of Alaskans are not up for negotiation.
Three generations of Redingtons came out yesterday for a great event!  Here's Joe Redington Jr. and his family at the Mat-Su School District groundbreaking ceremony for the Joe Redington Sr./Jr. High School.
Like thousands of Alaskans, I am still mourning the loss of two Alaska State Troopers last week. To honor their memories and their service, I shared their lives and their stories on the Senate floor. I extend my condolences to all who held Sergeant Johnson and Trooper Rich dear in their hearts.
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day!  I urge Alaskans to remember the educator that had the biggest influence on you and #ThankATeacher.  I want to say a big 'Thank You' to my first grade teacher in Wrangell, Alaska.
What an honor to meet two inspiring young women who are giving back to their Alaskan communities. I'd like to thank Homer's Katherine Dolma and Leah Smith from Palmer for visiting me at my office - they won the Prudential Spirit of Community Award last night!
Wow!  Up in Fairbanks today, they had a neat unmanned aircraft systems test for a high-tech tool to monitor and research animals in the wild without disturbing them.  Ours was the first flight in a series of FAA tests nationwide. #FirstFlight
Medical trials are incredibly important at gauging the safety and efficacy of drugs and treatments, but the truth is that people react to medication differently – and medical trials should reflect that reality.  So I joined 14 of my Senate colleagues to urge the FDA to rethink the methods used for trials and address these risks and without costing the FDA an extra dime.
On behalf of grateful Alaskans, I want to thank Major General Karen Dyson for coming to Fairbanks and delivering the keynote address at the Fairbanks Military Appreciation Banquet.  It meant so much to us that you took the time to travel and participate!
Such tragic news today in Alaska. I am heartbroken over the two fallen Alaska State Troopers in Tanana, and send my prayers, respect and condolences to the Johnson and Rich families.
Alaska is a key strategic asset of the Pentagon's new Asia-Pacific focus, so I asked US Army Chief of Staff General Odierno about the Army's commitment level to maintain two combat training teams in Alaska as it faces possible budget cuts.
Happy Birthday to my favorite older son Nic! 23 years of great living.  Verne and I are forever thankful to have such a fine young man in our lives.  Enjoy your golf game, wish I could be there to learn some tips.  Love, Mom
I am surprised and shocked at the National Guard's lack of a response to the allegations of sexual assault within the Alaska National Guard, so today I asked the Chief of the National Guard what exactly they knew and when.
You all know that the Arctic is always on my mind, so when a constituent sent me this article I thought it would be great to share. Its clear that other nations, including Great Britain are investing in the Arctic and it's time we as do the same. 
The President really needs to sign off on the Keystone XL pipeline.  It's in our nation's interest, and in the interest of our friend and neighbor to the East (or North): Canada.
Headed to the Senate floor to discuss the benefits of approving the #KeystoneXL pipeline - and the job opportunities.  Click below to watch the live stream or tune in at GCI channel 17.
Today I met with Brigadier General (Sel.) David Nahom, 3rd Wing Commander, Chief Master Sergeant Jose Barraza, 3rd Wing Command Chief Master Sergeant, and Technical Sergeant Jake Stroisch, Air Traffic Controller and 3rd Wing Outstanding Performer of the Air Force. It was great to chat about Alaska and the role the Air Force plays in our great state.
Congratulations to the 2014 Anchorage BP Teachers of Excellence! All of the hard work and dedication you have given to your students is truly commendable! Thank you for all you do and congratulations!
Proud to be named one of the Nat'l Hydropower Association's Legislators of the year today! It's important that America recognize the contributions that renewable resources like hydropower can make to our nation's clean energy goals.
Having a great time shooting today with my son Matt out here in Gunnison!
Today is YWCA’s Stand Against Racism Day. Its a movement that works to eliminate racism by raising awareness today. I am taking a stand and I encourage all of you to participate by checking out their website here: http://www.standagainstracism.org/index.html
It’s long, LONG overdue, but the Indian Health Service is finally paying $96 million that it owes to Southcentral Foundation for providing healthcare to Native people.  This is a major step forward, but not the end of the fight to get this administration to keep its promises:
From talking to young people to visiting with our elders.  I stopped to chat with the folks at the Chugiak Senior Center.  It has been about 10 years since I have been here, and in that time, our senior population has grown faster than just about every other state.  We have a long way to go to meet all the needs of our seniors: long term care, transportation and high health care costs are at the top of the list.
Visiting with the students at Mears Middle School in Anchorage this morning.  They wrote to invite me to come hear what young people are concerned about: bullying, building the natural gas pipeline and the Alaskan economy, just to name a few.
A great picture of the Rock whaling crew.  I love that Rex Rock Sr. is hugging Rex Jr. Jr. is the one who harpooned the whale this weekend and Captain Rex Sr. couldn't be prouder
Ramona Rock's delicious donuts - I know these perfect pastries helped fuel the crew that landed the whale today.
The Rock crew in Point Hope got a whale!
I am tremendously disappointed in the administration's choice to delay indefinitely a decision on extending the Keystone XL pipeline. The world is too dangerous and our energy security too important, for President Obama not to have an opinion on such important matters. This administration’s attitude toward our historic alliance with Canada, the free flow of commerce with our friends, the development of a North American energy partnership and American jobs is unfortunate.
Thank you Eric at Ravn Alaska for getting me safely from Point Hope to Kotzebue last night. With so much travel in Rural Alaska done through the air, our bush pilots are a critical resource.  I'm always lucky to fly with some of the best!
The only way Alaska girls get around!  Glad my Rural Outreach Coordinator Deborah Vo trusted my snowmachine driving abilities to get us around Point Hope.
Whaling truly takes a community.  While the whaling captains deserve credit and praise in our whaling communities, let us not forget the impact of the whaling captain's wife. In the two days I was in Point Hope, I saw the amazing work done by Ramona Rock managing everything behind the scenes.  I visited with her at the kitchen table that like in many other homes throughout rural Alaska, also doubles as a sewing table. Ramona has been working tirelessly to make the white covers that all the crewmembers wear over their parkas when they are on the ice.
The whaling crews made it to the lead, but the wind kicked up making it unsafe to stay. I have to board a plane soon to go back to Kotzebue then on to Anchorage tonight, so I can't stay to see if they are able to land a bowhead.   I am so grateful for the hospitality I have experienced here in Point Hope.  There is nothing that can match the beauty of spring and the warmth of the people in our state.  I am truly blessed to be home.  God Bless everyone on the ice and water.
Waiting for the wind to die down so we can get back on the ice.  Elijah Rock and I are passing the time talking about Point Hope traditions and enjoying bowls of alutiġaaq (caribou in gravy over rice).  It doesn’t get any better than this!
The bowheads are so close to shore. My state director Kevin Sweeney is going to help break trail for the crews so they can get out there.  I'm proud to have an Alaska staff that can jump right in and lend a hand!
Ice conditions here in Point Hope have improved and the whales are coming through. They're close to shore now. Captain Rex Rock's crew is getting their boat ready.  Could be an exciting day!
Spent the day on the ice off of Point Hope.  Whaling captain Ira Frankson took me to the ice ridge to scan the open lead for bowheads.  Ice conditions are not allowing crews to reach the lead right now, but the wind is blowing in the right direction and things could change overnight.
Go USA and Go Holly Brooks!  I wanted to share a sneak preview of my Alaska Report with Alaskan Olympian Holly Brooks – here’s a clip where she is telling me about ‘the team behind the team.’ 
The Pentagon budget for 2015 is making a lot of costly changes impacting military families and retirees, including TRICARE out-of-pockets costs going up. I questioned the USAF’s Surgeon General about the reasoning behind them nickel and diming our military community.
The Farm Bill has a lot of new nutrition and food assistance regulations written with the Lower 48 in mind.  I reached out to the Secretary of Agriculture to remind him I put language in the bill requiring him to keep Alaska's challenges in mind. 
Gerri in my Wasilla office is helping celebrate the Mat-Su VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic’s 5th year working with veterans in the Valley. Thank you to Mr. and Mrs. Kopaceski for the cake, and thank you to the folks at CBOC for all your hard work getting our veterans the care they need!
Many thanks and best wishes to my friend Ed Thomas, who is retiring as President of Central Council of the Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska.  Ed has served as president since 1984 and the Council has thrived under his leadership.  I know the Central Council will be in good hands with Richard Peterson, who has been elected to the position.  I look forward to working with Richard in the future.
Tourism is a key economic driver for Alaska, making a $3.9 billion impact for our state last year alone.  That's why I co-sponsored the Travel Promotion, Enhancement and Modernization Act to continue that momentum!
Mission of Mercy Alaska is at full swing at the Dena’ina Center.  I am proud that my Anchorage staff will be helping the amazing dentist, hygienists and all the other volunteers who make it possible to provide free dental care to Alaskans.  Find out more about Mission of Mercy here: http://akmom.org
Our future in the Arctic and our relationship with other Arctic nations is so important.  Today, I met with Icelandic Minister of Foreign Affairs Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson to discuss the issues facing the Arctic community – particularly Russia’s recent actions – and how we need to maintain an atmosphere for positive and responsible actions among the Arctic nations. 
It's a great day for the 168th Air Refueling Wing as they cut the ribbon and open the newly expanded and renovated communication flight building at Eielson AFB.
It was great to catch up with Lt. Gen. Russell Handy and a few of his outstanding Airmen earlier today to discuss the issues facing Alaska Command.  It always makes me proud to hear about the incredible things they do each and every day for Alaska and our nation.
ALS impacts so many of our families, mine included.  Military men and women and veterans are twice as likely to be to be affected, and it is clear more needs to be done to help.  Today I made sure the U.S. Army Surgeon General is making this a priority:  
Wow! Big news in Alaska media today: 
Technology is such a tremendous difference maker. I am glad I can connect to the YKHC 21st Tribal Gathering to give them a DC update from across the country.
Happy National Beer Day!  Here are some fun beer facts:  Alaska’s 24 breweries produce 323 different beers.   Alaska ranks 4th among the states in terms of breweries per capita and 17th nationally in terms of beer production.  Our beer industry employs over 1,000 Alaskans and generates $150 million.   From Healy to Homer, from Fox to Skagway, Alaska’s brewing companies are a key component of our economies, communities and culture.  They’re also a point of local pride.  Cheers to that!
The United States has never been last in a race to the future, but absent any visionary leadership and meaningful resourcing, we will continue to take a back seat when it comes to the Arctic.  We will miss out on resource development and shipping efficiencies, as well as new opportunities to create new jobs and generate needed economic growth.  We cannot afford to sit on the sideline any longer.  It is time for the federal government and this Administration to start taking the Arctic seriously and dedicate the necessary resources to the region.
We don’t truly address our long-term unemployment problems by merely extending the ineffective program – what we need is structural reforms that get people back to work.  Today, I  voted in favor of H.R.3979 because it would make structural changes to the unemployment benefits process to aid long-term jobless Americans suffering in the nation’s weak economic recovery, and provide benefits through next month.  This bill is a first step that represents a rational, reasonable proposal that combines ideas from across the aisle to help provide relief to over a million Americans impacted by failed economic policies, and strengthens our current unemployment programs with real reforms. This bill is also fully paid for and strikes the right balance to provide support to those who most need it.
We can’t leave residents of the Far North – U.S. citizens – out in the cold when it comes to the U.S. Government’s priorities.  I’m heading to the Senate floor to urge the administration to make the Arctic a true priority for our nation. Watch live here: http://cs.pn/1ig29U8
In the next few days, $14.3 million will be headed to Alaska to help fund our schools & roads that lie in national forests.  The Forest Service controls 22 million acres of Alaska, including just about all of Southeast.  These communities are barred from using the land they sit on to generate money, and until we find a way to rightly return to a system where our federal forests are utilized to generate jobs and economic activity, we owe these communities a lifeline.
Good to hear that Frankenfish is proving to be a 'tough sell' to the feds and across the country. Check out this update:
Today at the Chickaloon Village Traditional Council's Elder's lunch, the Ya Ne Dah Ah School children sang in their Ahtna language to the elders and to welcome their new school teacher Ms. Brooke.  Love to see the next generation carrying on traditions!
The impacts of synthetic drugs on some of Alaska’s smallest communities are absolutely devastating.  These substances are wiping out families, and they are coming in through the US Post Office.  Something needs to be done. 
Alaskan fishermen need to have a level playing field when it comes to our fisheries, which is why it is so important to cut down on pirates who are breaking the rules.  Two treaties I have been working to get through the Senate would do just that: 
The lawyers who railroaded Ted Stevens are still working at the Dept. of Justice and are appealing their punishment for their prosecutorial misconduct.  Is this really “harsh discipline?” 
Right now, there are 90 villages in Alaska without any law enforcement, and it's clear we need to do something to boost public safety throughout our state.  I think tribal courts could be one important part of the puzzle and today I asked for an action plan from the BIA: 
Earlier today, I spoke with the United States Air Force Chief of Staff about the Pentagon's vision for Alaska -- and put in a good word for our state when it comes to the F-35s they're considering us for.
I had an amazing time in Fairbanks for the Arctic Winter Games this year, so when Fairbanks North Star Borough Mayor Luke Hopkins stopped by my DC office, I made sure to give him a copy of my Senate Resolution 387 which celebrates the 2014 Arctic Winter Games.
There has been yet another Coast Guard medevac out of King Cove.  This is the 5th one this year.  The fisherman had to wait 14 hours for the weather to lift a bit and for the Coast Guard to be able to safely get the helicopter into King Cove.  Thank goodness the Coast Guard is there, but each flight costs taxpayers nearly a quarter of a million dollars.  We could have got him medical attention sooner if we had a 10 mile one land gravel road from King Cove to Cold Bay.  It would be built by the State of Alaska and maintained by the Aleutians East Borough.  We just need Sec. Jewell to let us build it.  I don’t want to stand by and do nothing and have somebody die out there when we have a safer and saner path forward. http://1.usa.gov/1my2jo5
I’m still working to keep as many historic documents in Alaska as possible, and am happy to report some progress!  See the news from my most recent conversation with the Archivist of the United States here: http://1.usa.gov/1jx9A7t 
The PFD clock is ticking, Alaska. I filed today and made sure to Pick.Click.Give!
This month, my Veteran Spotlight is on one of the best of the best of the Air Force.  Gary Turner fell in love with our state and has done so much within the community and at the Kenai Peninsula College to ensure our veterans get the support  and educational tools they need as the enter a new chapter in their lives.  Watch his story here: http://1.usa.gov/O9OLCO
It’s Seward’s Day Alaska, and as we commemorate the sale of Alaska to the United States, I can’t help but think it’s the best $7.2 million our nation has ever spent!
We owe all our veterans so much. Today at the Alaska Vietnam War Commemoration Ceremony at the Egan Center in Anchorage, USARAK commander Gen. Mike Shields thanked the many Vietnam veterans for their service.
Glad I could connect with the young people attending the Alaska Youth Court State Conference in Ketchikan via video today.  I’m continually impressed by the dedication of the young people in our state and their willingness to sacrifice their free time to participate in such great causes.
It is my hope that Sec. Jewell opens her eyes, opens her mind and opens her heart to the people of King Cove who are pleading for a life-saving one lane gravel road. I really appreciate the people of King Cove coming to Washington, DC this week. They traveled so far to have their voices heard by the government, and also share their story nationally with ABC News-Yahoo. Watch this great story!
NOAA Administrator Dr. Kathryn Sullivan visited my office today and brought me this great picture of Southcentral Alaska from space.  If I squint, I can almost see my house!
Years after the conviction of my friend Ted Stevens was thrown out, I am still seeking closure.  Today I asked the new FBI director about what’s been done to stop this kind of injustice from happening to anyone else. Here’s what he said: 
Making sure I am prepared, even in DC.
Gerri from my Mat-Su office Chooses Respect
Choose Respect march in Wasilla
Heading to the Senate Floor soon to talk about the 1964 earthquake.  As we mark this anniversary, we remember those who perished in the Good Friday Earthquake.  We need to make sure we are prepared for the worst, should we ever face a similar disaster in the future.  Watch live on GCI channel 17 or online:
Today my offices across Alaska and in Washington and be participating in the Choose Respect march.   We know that marching alone will not stop the epidemic of domestic violence and sexual assault in our state, but if we give just one Alaskan the strength to leave a bad situation, we will have been successful.  I will be marching in DC. Where will you march?
Striking down the Tongass National Forest’s exemption to the roadless rule was a terrible decision when it was made more than two years ago. The people of Southeast Alaska knew it, and so did the state, which is why they acted so quickly to file an appeal to that decision. Southeast’s economy has suffered greatly since that ruling, so today’s decision by the Ninth Circuit is a welcome one. It’s just too bad it had to get to this point in the first place. 
This morning, I told Sec. Jewell I would do everything in my power to get the life-saving King Cove road built, and that the health and safety of the people of King Cove is nonnegotiable.  Afterward, I stood with residents of the community to explain the gravity of the situation to Lower 48 reporters.
From Hulk tie to a Hulk scarf, I brought a little Uncle Ted to today’s hearing with Interior Sec. Sally Jewell.
Today I met with Vice Admiral Paul F. Zukunft about the future of the Coast Guard.  Admiral Z has been nominated to be the CG’s new Commandant, and he’s got experience with the Pacific and knows the Coast Guard has a key role in the Arctic.  Both those things are great for Alaska and the nation as a whole. I look forward to working with him.  http://1.usa.gov/1eMAfvr
Congrats to the Monroe Catholic High School boys basketball team-  48 wins in a row and this year’s 3A state champions!  As a former Monroe Ram myself, I couldn’t be prouder of these young men!
Congratulations to my friend, Rear Admiral Tom Ostebo, on his nomination as Deputy Commandant for Mission Support of the United States Coast Guard! Alaska is going to miss having such a great ally protecting our borders and marine life in the Arctic, but it’s a positive step for us in the big picture.  His passion and deep knowledge-based for Arctic issues will bring the conversation of the Coast Guard’s role in the Arctic to the decision-makers in Washington D.C.
In too many pockets of our state, the honeybucket remains a way of life, which is why I am pleased to announce the $10 million I included in the FY2014 Interior Appropriations Bill is now available for critical wastewater and drinking water projects in Alaska:
I just got off the floor of the Senate where I shared my thoughts on this 25th anniversary of the Exxon spill.  We have learned a lot in the 25 years since the Exxon Valdez ran aground.  So many of those who were impacted by the tragic events of that day, woke up this morning with the memories fresh in their minds. Our goal is to never have a tragedy of that scale happen again, and I think we have measures in place now to prevent it.  It is my hope that on this anniversary of something so tragic that we as Alaskans can continue to pull together and move forward.
This is great to see at the beginning of the fishing season!  I've been pushing for years that we should take full advantage of today’s technology and help our small boat fishing fleet do their work:
Just ran into the Top Hat Robotics team from Fairbanks here in the Seattle airport. They are on their way back home after beating 72 other teams from the West. They are now headed to the World Championships in a month in St. Louis. Congrats to these amazing young people!
It’s Qaspeq/Atikluk/Kuspuk Friday in my Anchorage office!
Alaska is 3rd in the nation in per capita maritime jobs!  So many of our communities aren’t accessible by roads, so our waterways are our highways.  The hardworking men and women of the state's maritime industry provide a crucial transportation link that delivers essential fuel and supplies.  And, as our Arctic waterways open up, it is more important than ever that we focus on making sure these shipping lanes are safe today & into the future.
Happy I was able to wish Zachary Craig a very happy 16th birthday earlier this week in Big Lake.  I'm thrilled I was able to share his big day during my Parks Highway road trip.  As you can see, he even got a bit of cake to celebrate.  I know he's on to big things.  Happy Birthday!
I know a lot of Alaskans are concerned about the price increase for mailing Standard Post (Parcel Post) boxes and how it has affected shipping in and out of off-road Alaskan communities.  Today the Post Office announced that come Sunday, March 23rd, the new Limited Overland Routes pricing category goes into effect.  That means if you are sending packages from or to any of the zip codes below, the rates should be the same as they were before the January price increase.  99545 99546 99547 99548 99549 99550 99551 99552 99553 99554 99555 99557 99558 99559 99561 99563 99564 99565 99569 99571 99574 99575 99576 99578 99579 99580 99581 99583 99585 99589 99590 99591 99602 99604 99606 99607 99608 99609 99612 99613 99614 99615 99619 99620 99621 99622 99624 99625 99626 99627 99628 99630 99632 99633 99634 99636 99637 99638 99640 99641 99643 99644 99647 99648 99649 99650 99651 99653 99655 99656 99657 99658 99659 99660 99661 99662 99663 99665 99666 99667 99668 99670 99671 99675 99677 99678 99679 99680 99681 99682 99684 99685 99689 99690 99691 99692 99695 99697 99720 99721 99722 99723 99724 99726 99727 99730 99732 99733 99734 99736 99738 99739 99740 99741 99742 99745 99746 99747 99748 99749 99750 99751 99752 99753 99754 99756 99757 99758 99759 99761 99762 99763 99765 99766 99767 99768 99769 99770 99771 99772 99773 99774 99777 99778 99781 99782 99783 99784 99785 99786 99788 99789 99790 99791 99801 99802 99803 99811 99812 99820 99821 99824 99825 99826 99827 99829 99830 99832 99833 99835 99836 99840 99841 99850 99901 99903 99918 99919 99921 99922 99923 99925 99926 99927 99928 99929 99950
Just received my honorary Doctorate Degree in Keeping Alaska Strong from the University of Spenard!  Go Night Owls!
Please help me welcome Deborah Vo to my Alaska staff as my new Rural Outreach Coordinator.  Rural Alaska has a unique set of possibilities and challenges, and I welcome an experienced woman like Deborah to help contribute to my work for Alaskans.  I’m excited and proud to have her on board to serve the state we love! http://1.usa.gov/1fHWVsU
Thank you to Bailey and all the students at Talkeetna Elementary for the great welcome sign and for opening your school to us so we could hold a town hall meeting. Lots of great discussion on the proposed Susitna-Watana Hydro Project, air carrier issues, healthcare and education.
Such a beautiful day on the Parks Highway today that we just had to stop and admire Denali on our way to Talkeetna.  There's no place like Alaska!
So glad that the business community is building a consensus against Frankenfish.  Target, Kroger, Safeway, Trader Joe’s all saying ‘no’ to GE salmon – will Costco be next?  
Day 2 of my Parks Highway road trip, and this morning I stopped for coffee in Cantwell and had a great discussion about the issues important to residents here - like subsistence hunting in Denali National Park, highway safety and affordable energy.  Next stop: Talkeetna.
With Joe Usibelli and one serious piece of machinery at the Usibelli Coal Mine.  Coal is an important and affordable energy source here in the Interior and needs to be included in any "all of the above" energy plan for our state and nation.
The missile warning system at Clear Air Force Station is the oldest in the country.  This morning I got a firsthand look at some of the radar operator’s equipment used up until 2001 to interpret the radar signals coming into Clear.  I'm glad new, top of the line equipment guarding us on the front lines of the Asia-Pacific region!
Congratulations to Colonel Teresa Bisnett!  She's the new commander of the US Air Force's 673rd Medical Group on JBER.
Starting my Parks Highway road trip today with a stop in Nenana.  Of course, I just had to stop to see how the tripod was doing.  Do you have your Nenana Ice Classic guesses in?
Great opening ceremony of the Arctic Winter Games at the Carlson Center. The community and the volunteers did a wonderful job putting on the ceremony and welcoming everyone to the Golden Heart City with open arms.  Good luck to all the athletes and go Team Alaska!
Ice Slide fun!
Had an amazing time at the World Ice Championship at the Ice Park in Fairbanks yesterday.  The ice sculptures were beautiful and the ice slide was super fun!
Since I'm back home, I'm enjoying March Madness, Alaska style.  I got to watch a great game today between the King Cove T-Jacks and the Wainwright Huskies -- Huskies won by one point in the final seconds!
Heading to Fairbanks for the Arctic Winter Games. First flight on the new Q400. Love the look!
Thousands of Alaskans are still coming to terms with the injustices within the Justice Department’s treatment of Ted Stevens. Americans pledge to seek and protect ‘Liberty and Justice for all,’ not ‘Liberty and Justice for Most,’ -- and those enforcing the law themselves cannot break the rules to get convictions; everyone in America must be held equally accountable.  I’m proud to co-sponsor the Inspector General Empowerment Act because it does just that: 
Shout out to my son Matt and two other great Alaskan skiers, Morgan Haymans and Connor Michael, who competed in the USCSA Nationals in Lake Placid, NY this week.  Matt competed in several different events this week (quarter pipe and rail jam) but it was Skier Cross where the boys excelled.  Morgan took 2nd overall, Matt 7th and Connor 8th overall which put their school team in first place for Men’s Skier Cross.  These 3 have been skiing and racing together at Alyeska since they were little guys.  Proud of you!  http://wscumountainsports.com/wordpress/?p=1928
Thoughts and prayers for Senior Captain Jeff Bayles' friends and family.
Good news for Alaskans from the Interior to Homer to Juneau and the Mat-Su where FEMA has threatened dramatic rate hikes: Today’s Senate approval of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act means flood insurance premiums will remain stable & FEMA now has to improve the quality of its flood mapping. 
The Child Care and Development Block Grant Act the Senate passed today is so important for the future of young people across the nation.  It will improve how states and tribes use federal block grants to assist low-income parents who are working or going to school.  I made sure the included maximum benefits for Alaskan kids.  Find out how here: 
Technology is an amazing thing- it can bridge the 4,000 mile gap between Washington and Alaska with the click of a mouse!  Today I connected with Ms. Moody's class in Coffman Cove via Sykpe to talk about Women's History Month.
I don’t believe the FDA has adequately studied the health, environmental and economic impacts of genetically engineered salmon or Frankenfish.  So today, I demanded a guarantee from the FDA that it won’t approve Frankenfish until it can guarantee it is safe.  Here’s their answer: http://1.usa.gov/1lCtZaQ
I was happy to catch up with kids from the Wasilla Youth Soccer Association’s Valley Revolution soccer team yesterday. These young people are part of the competitive travel team and are in DC playing some games.  Go Valley Revolution!
Increased access to high quality child care and education will help Native children get a strong start on their future while helping their parents get and keep a good job, degree or training.  I'm proud the bipartisan amendment I introduced passed today and we’re now one step closer to making that happen.  One simple change to the Child Care and Development Block Grant could make a profound change in the lives of our first people nationwide: 
Having an Arctic plan that is backed up with more than words is so important, especially for our coastal security.  This afternoon I questioned Homeland Security Director Jeh Johnson about his vision for America’s Arctic future and whether or not it is a priority for this administration.  Hear what he had to say: 
The future of the Arctic is incredibly important to Alaska and to the entire nation: as the ice opens we need to make sure we have the infrastructure and resources in place to ensure America is ready.  We know Russia, China and many other nations are.  Today I talked with the Premier of the Yukon Government about what Canada is doing to prioritize the Arctic, and what we can learn from them.
With the federal government announcing plans to close Anchorage's National Archives facility, I'm working with the National Archives and Records Administration to find a fiscally-responsible solution that maintains access for Alaskans to historical documents and information.
I spoke on the Senate floor this morning about Dallas Seavey’s win and about how Alaskans are celebrating amazing athletes, both human and canine, doing amazing things in our amazing state.
Heading to the Senate floor to talk about Dallas' amazing Iditarod finish! http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
I want to congratulate Dallas Seavey on a dramatic victory, but also a tremendous accomplishment. Alaskans will be talking about his win for years, as one for the ages of the Last Great Race.
I just called in to testify before the Alaska House Resources Committee in support of building a lifesaving road to King Cove.  HJR 30 urges Sec. Sally Jewell to reconsider the Izembek land exchange in order to build the road and shows that Alaskans are united on this issue.  I’m not backing down on this and it’s good to know the Legislature isn’t either.
Today I proudly joined 96 other members of the Senate to pass the Victims Protection Act which removes the ability of a commanding officer to overturn punishments for perpetrators of military sexual assault.  But, much like there are many battles in a larger campaign, this is just one positive step towards the end goal of creating an environment where there are far fewer sexual assaults among the ranks – and that victims feel free to speak up.  I will continue to fight for tougher measures in an effort to stop military sexual assault completely:
We don’t truly address our long-term unemployment problems by merely throwing money at them – what we need is structural reforms that get people back to work. That’s why I’ve been working with six of my Senate colleagues on a bill that that combines ideas from both sides of the aisle to help provide relief to over a million Americans impacted by the sluggish economic recovery, strengthen our current unemployment programs with real reforms, and not add a dime to the nation’s debt.
Those who have volunteered to serve our great nation should NEVER be put in a position where they would be made a victim of a military sexual assault and be put in a situation where they don’t know where to turn.  While I'm disappointed the Military Justice Improvement Act I supported didn't advance to a yes or no vote, I am encouraged that the Victims Protection Act that I also support did.  Today we are one step closer to ensuring victims of military sexual assault get the justice they deserve. 
Congratulations to the Alaska winners of Presidential Award for Excellence in Math & Science Teaching: Rebecca Himschoot, of Sitka’s Keet Gooshi Heen Elementary and Amy Laufer, of Kasuun Elementary School in Anchorage.  We are lucky to have these amazing women helping to shape young Alaska minds!
Stopping military sexual assault has been something I've been passionately working on for months, and today the legislation designed to reform the military justice system and better protect victims is finally getting a vote.  Heading to the Senate floor now to urge my colleagues to support it.  Watch live here: 
I’m disappointed with the President’s budget for a number of reasons, but perhaps one of the most glaring omissions is the Arctic.  Though the administration claims it is taking America’s Arctic future seriously, time and time again it has failed to put its money where its mouth is.
Once again, Alaska’s bypass mail system is under attack. This service is vital to so many parts of our state.  What many may not realize is bypass actually saves the USPS $13.4 million a year and costs the US Treasury absolutely nothing. The bypass mail process—as it is currently constructed—is the most cost-efficient method for delivering mail to rural Alaska. 
This weekend we said goodbye to a man instrumental to Alaska's statehood. He is now laid to rest overlooking his beautiful hometown of Fairbanks. Thank you Gov. Mike Stepovich for everything you did for Alaska. We will miss you.
I look forward to working with Rear Admiral Daniel B. Abel in his new role as Commander of the US Coast Guard’s 17th District.  It’s an exciting time in the Arctic with new opportunities emerging, and the USCG is an important partner for Alaska both in keeping everyone on the water safe and protecting our nation’s interests.
Like thousands of Alaskans, I’m watching Russia’s aggressive actions in Ukraine very closely.  Unpredictable regimes like Russia – and North Korea, Iran, etc. – are the reason that the Pentagon is moving its focus to the Pacific.  As we consider sanctions against Russia, I'm continuing to ensure Alaska’s essential military assets are ready for anything.
The Last Great Race is underway and every year I'm amazed by these 4-legged athletes.  Not only do these dogs run 1,000 miles on the toughest terrain on earth, they do it pulling a sled and a musher and they love every minute!  Keep up with all the Iditarod action here: http://iditarod.com
Sierra and Antone just got engaged. Taking happy pictures at the top of Alyeska. Congratulations!
An Iditarod haiku.
Iditarod with one of my good friends Dee Dee Jonroe. Good luck on the trail!
The White House today nominated Vice Admiral Paul F. Zukunft to be the 25th Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard.  This is good news for the nation, great news for Alaska (and our hundreds of thousands of nautical square miles) and a positive step forward for America’s Arctic future.  I met Vice Admiral Zukunft and got to know him last month when he guided me around the new Coast Guard Sector Anchorage building.  I was impressed immediately with his leadership and intelligence – but also with his background and knowledge base in the Pacific and the Arctic.
Verne and I are so saddened to hear of Beth Stevens passing early this morning.  She fought a long battle with cancer but did so with courage and determination – characteristics that defined her throughout her life.  Beth was a loyal friend to me and so many Alaskans and will be dearly missed.  She had Alaska in her blood, her father’s grit and was generous with her time and her heart.
It was my pleasure to meet Sterry David Mahaffey, Jr today, the new Orthodox Bishop for Sitka and all of Alaska – just a few days after his installation on Sunday.  What a warm, pious and grounded man!  Alaska is lucky to have him.
People outside Alaska sometimes ask me: Why do I continue the fight for a life-saving gravel road for the people of King Cove?  To build awareness and momentum, to bring about a change of mind and policy to get this road built.  A big part of that is through stories like this to tell Alaska's story to the nation.
The U.S. Air Force today named both of Alaska's Air Force bases as candidates for two F-35 squadrons in the future, further confirming the fact that Alaska's tactical location is key for our nation's defense in the 21st century.  It's a first step but a very positive step for the Last Frontier and our military community.
On my trip back to Washington, DC I am proud to be representing the U.S. at the Standing Committee of Parliamentarians of the Arctic Region in Ottawa -- talking about shipping in the Northwest Passage and other economic opportunities in the Arctic.  We need to be having these proactive conversations among Americans, not just with international representatives.
I'm deeply saddened at the news of Robert "Joker" Lupo's passing yesterday and join thousands of Alaskans in mourning his memory.  I appreciated him, his bandana and his energy.  He was a kind and loving man, always offering a big bear hug and a smile to go with it.  He loved our country and was proud to say so.  In his honor, here is a poem he wrote  EMOTIONS  By SSG Robert J. Lupo, Sr., USA - Retired   During war and peace, in the Air, Land, and Sea, Our veterans paid to keep America free.  I honor those who came home alive. I mourn for those who served and died.  When I attend their graves and all is still, My heart swells, and my tear ducts fill.  My voice trembles, when I try to speak, It's hard to form the words I seek.  I will stand in the rain, and weep, with no shame, To pay homage to them, those women and men;  They answered the call: “Freedom for all!” And, the price of freedom? It’s written on the wall.  'Tis a righteous thing to bow one's head, In tribute to our veteran dead.  And forget not the wounded, who will never heal, Who left their eyes, and limbs, on the battlefield.  When someone yelled, “MEDIC,” in the middle of hell, A corpsman came running, through bullets and shells.  He controlled the bleeding. He eased the pain, Then ran to help another… sometimes in vain.  But not all wounds are visable, like P.T.S.S., That's why some, who return, are very depressed.  Awakening in anguish, from nightmares of war, Sweating and shaking, they cry out - "No more!"  As they lie there in agony, with their souls laid bare, Take hold of them gently. Show them you care.  Remember also the veterans, who served in the rear, Assigned to locations, both far and near.  Because food and munitions, and mechanics, and technicians, Are all vital to support the success of war missions.  Our POW’s and MIA’s shall not be forgotten. Hear what I say!  We will continue the search; we will not end our toil, Until they’re all back on American soil.  Keep them always, in your heart and prayers; They deserve no less, the glory is theirs.  So be not afraid to show your love, For those who live, and those called above.  Retain them in your memory, There, they will live eternally.  And whence comes our time, both yours and mine, Let us hope that those we leave behind,  Will brave the way, with the same devotion, To salute our veterans, through heartfelt emotions.
My Bering Sea crab fisherman is home! Happy my son Nic is back on dry land.
Visiting the Coast Guard search and rescue team in Ketchikan, thanking them for stepping up for Alaskans' lives and well-being. We truly appreciate their dedication.
It's not every day you get to say 'Thank you' to a member of the Alaska Territorial Guard like Henry Neligan! Thank you for your service!
Educating today's students empowers future workers and local economies -- I am visiting w/the Southern Southeast Alaska Technical Education Center to hear about their latest vocational training efforts.
Sitting down in Ketchikan to talk about the issues facing the Southeast Alaska Regional Fisheries Association.
Visiting with the United Fisherman of Alaska. It was great to discuss the fishery disaster funds that will help Alaska communities impacted by the low 2012 Chinook run.
I just met with the Senate Pages in the Alaska State Legislature. They are all smart, hard working kids and it was wonderful to spend some time with them before my 12th speech to the Alaska State Legislature this morning.
Visiting the professionals at United Human Services of Southeast, where they are working to provide important medical care and support to Alaskans.
Catching up with the Juneau Rotary, who are doing tremendous work in the community to boost literacy!
Speaking to the eighth graders at Dzantik'i Heeni middle school in Juneau. I love catching up with students across the state!
Thank goodness!  I made it back to Alaska late Friday. Out in DC, 7 inches of snow had shut the airports down for a day and half. They could learn some lessons from Alaskans about how to handle weather! Unfortunately, I missed the annual Salute to the Military Friday night but I'm told General Hawk Carlisle had a great speech and the tribute to our men and women in uniform was very special. I made up for that one missed event by attending 3 on Saturday. Began the night with the Alaska Outdoor Council where I won a pink hunting knife in a raffle, moved to the Sealife Center Marine Gala, and ended the evening at the wacky and wild Duct Tape Ball -- where you don't have to go to the movies to see Lego people. This morning the full moon is so bright in my bedroom window there's no sleeping in. Skiing today! I so love being home.
Secretary of State John Kerry today sent me a letter informing me he plans to name a 'Special Assistant for the Arctic Region' soon. That sounds like a positive development for the U.S. as we try and make the Arctic a national priority, but 7 of the 8 Arctic nations have official ambassador-level officials in this important region, and I believe America should have one, too.
I am incredibly saddened to learn of the loss of Mike Stepovich, the last of Alaska’s territorial Governors. Mike played a vital role in Alaska’s admission to statehood, and for the 54 years that followed he occupied a prominent place on the public policy scene. Today we have lost another link to Alaska’s territorial history and that leaves a huge hole in my heart.  Mike Stepovich and his family were some of our earliest and closest friends when my family moved to Fairbanks in the early ‘70s. Mike and his wife Matilda raised a large and loving family and while many Alaskans remember his role as a statesman I will always think of him first as a true family man.
Valentines Day morning at my house. Tulips are our tradition thanks to my Valentine. Our day is blessed with extra love as our son Matt is also celebrating his 21st birthday. Happy day!
The United States is going to be the Chair of the Arctic Council starting next year, and this administration's 'Implementation Strategy' is a big disappointment.  The President is not offering a vision to establish America as a leader in the Arctic, while we are slipping further behind other nations seizing opportunities in the north. I contacted him today and called his plan 'unambitious'
I want to thank my friend and colleague Senator Ron Wyden for his leadership working with me on the Energy Committee. Today he passed the Chairman's gavel over to Senator Mary Landrieu, who I look forward to working with and building on the momentum as one of the few committees following regular process and advancing legislation to improve our nation’s energy and public lands policy.
I can’t speak for other offices on Capitol Hill, but my staff is here and hard at work for ALaska come snow, hail, or high water.
Get well soon Mike Stepovich - you are a true champion for Alaska and I wish you a speedy recovery.
Today I was proud to cast my vote for a bipartisan, responsible bill that restores our early military retirees' full pensions. The 1% cut to their cost of living adjustments as a part of the bipartisan budget agreement is something I’ve been fighting to repeal since before that bill was passed in December.  It passed the House of Representatives yesterday, so it's headed to the President's desk now.
Today I testified before the Foreign Relations Committee about  the multi-million dollar economic threat posed by illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing to Alaska’s seafood industry. You can catch my testimony here:  
Congratulations to Katherine Dolma of Homer and Palmer's Leah Smith -- named today as Alaska's top two youth volunteers of 2014 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards.  Way to go and I hope to thank you for your generosity when you make it to Washington, DC in May!
According to reports, the Pentagon is envisioning a major project up in Alaska - a homeland defense radar given our tactical geographic position and the nation's new Asia/Pacific focus.
I just voted for the Senate to consider a bill that aims to restore the COLA increases for early military retirees. I have left no doubt that I am committed to restoring the full pension benefits to early military retirees, set to see a 1% cost-of-living cut starting in January of 2016.  I have backed a number of sensible pieces of legislation that will deliver on our promise to veterans without digging the nation deeper into debt, and I hope the Senate Majority allows a responsible debate on this issue this week.
Congratulations to Allen Moore- who just this morning won the Yukon Quest International Sled Dog Race at 3:12 am Alaska Time. Way to go! 
It's clear that if the American government is going to take its Arctic future seriously and move forward, Alaskans are going to lead the way.  I want to thank my friends Edward Itta and Fran Ulmer for joining me at the Arctic Encounter Symposium today -- adding their voices and insights to this important conversation.
Here at the Arctic Encounter Symposium in Seattle where I just delivered the keynote speech speaking about the urgency of action in a rapidly evolving arctic. I was able to grab this snapshot along side the President of Seattle University and Dean of the Law School as well as Rachel Kallander -- who is the director of the symposium. Rachel worked on my staff for years in Washington, D.C.. She's from Cordova where she continues to fish with her family.
Proud to be delivering the Keynote at the Arctic Encounter Symposium at the Seattle University School of Law.  Our evolving Arctic is opening up new opportunities, but also posing new questions. We need to be asking them and answering them now among ourselves; the rest of the world is already having this conversation.
Canada is making moves and investing in their Arctic infrastructure – America needs to realize the Arctic future is now. #ArcticWeek 
Happy Earnest Gruening Day, Alaska! A groundbreaking, visionary pioneer for Alaska, and one of our first Senators!
All this week, I’m spotlighting the Arctic while I lead up to my speech before the Arctic Symposium in Seattle on Friday.  As part of ArcticWeek, I met with the Chair of the Arctic Council -- an Inuit woman from Canada -- and the nominee to become America's next Ambassador to Iceland.  We've got to talk together and work together to build momentum for the United States' Arctic future.
Alaskans understand that an 'all of the above' energy plan is vital to our nation's economic security and energy independence.  Take a look at this great story out of Juneau today, where they're setting up charging stations for electric cars! North to the future!
I was already extremely concerned that this flawed health care bill hasn't really improved Alaskans' problems of affordability or our access to care, but I am downright alarmed that the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office is now projecting it will cost the nation over 2 millions jobs. http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/04/us-usa-fiscal-obamacare-idUSBREA131B120140204
With digital media and so many high tech tools all around us, it's healthy to remember their power for self-education and self-improvement -- not just 'selfies.'  Today is National Digital Learning Day, so I encourage all Alaskans to use their computers and smart phones to learn something new today.
I committed to Alaskans that I would make difficult decisions when it comes to curbing federal spending. And that's why I cannot in good conscience support the Farm Bill -- which continues billions of dollars of wasteful spending in the Lower 48 compared to the relatively small benefits for Alaskans. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=cd4d228b-be14-475a-816a-029937f08dbb
Yesterday I met with United States Army General Charles Jacoby, Commander of NORAD and the US Northern Command. We talked about progress on the Arctic Defense Agenda. It was a great meeting and I look forward to working with him in the future.  #ArcticWeek
Earlier today, an Interior Department assistant secretary nominee came before the Energy Committee, and I let her know that Alaska has not forgotten about their heartless decision against the King Cove decision – and that choosing birds over children and emergency health transportation is a fatal decision we don’t accept.
Thank goodness for technology!  Even though I try and visit food banks around Alaska every time I am able to come home, I’m connecting and talking with the great people at the Alaska Food Coalition annual meeting in Juneau to hear what’s on their mind.
Happy Birthday to a great friend to Alaska, Father Norman Elliott, 95 years young and just getting started!  If you want to know more about him – and his military service to the country – here are some of this thoughts. 
All this week, I’m spotlighting the Arctic while I lead up to my speech before the Arctic Symposium in Seattle on Friday.  To kick off #ArcticWeek- read this article about the European Union seeking opportunities for themselves in the Arctic because of its strategic importance.  Meanwhile, America is not taking the initiative in the region with tangible policies or financial investments. 
Great night for the Seahawks, Alaska's team and Super Bowl champs ... but for my sons who went to school in Colorado it's a night of mixed emotions for them. Go Seahawks!
Russia just unveiled its new state-of-the-art icebreaker earlier this month.  It’s an impressive craft, but also a reminder that America needs to really step up in the Arctic.  I’m worried that with non-Arctic nations like India and China investing in icebreakers, America is falling further behind with all the new possibilities opening up in the north.
One of the distinct honors I enjoy every year is to nominate promising and enthusiastic young Alaskans to our service academies.  Today I announced my nominees, and I know all of Alaska wishes them luck!
Alaskan and Olympic Cross Country Skiier Kikkan Randall could be the flag bearer at the Sochi Olympic Opening Ceremonies! So vote for her and start getting geared up for the Olympics, which start in one week!
Today I was proud and honored to meet three heroic airmen of the 176th Wing of the Alaska Air National Guard, the busiest Combat Search and Rescue team in the entire U.S. Air Force.  Over the last twenty years, their unit has saved over 2,000 lives.  On behalf of a grateful state, thank you!
We all want a ‘Year of Action’ but it’s going to take more than the President’s pen and phone.  It is going to take true engagement with Congress and a commitment to working together.
News accounts are saying that the government is tracking our actions and accessing our personal information via smart phone apps like games or social media. I don't doubt that America faces new global threats and there are new technologies that can be used consistent with our civil liberties, but I do not understand how tracking Angry Birds scores or capturing Facebook posts from law-abiding Americans makes a single person safer.
What a great time honoring Robert Burns and all the contributions of our Scottish community at the Haggis Basher's Ball!
On behalf of a grateful state, thank you and congratulations to the AmeriCorps members who graduated today after completing their one-year term of service in Alaska!
Good news for Alaska's seafood industry: Wal-Mart has finished its review and our fish will remain stocking its shelves nationwide.  Alaska's sustainable wild seafood continues to be its own best advocate, and today's announcement is vindication of our superior sustainable management practices. This is a significant step in confirming wild Alaska seafood as the benchmark for sustainability worldwide. I will always fight for our fisheries.
Small breweries are a thriving small business community in Alaska -- from Baranof Island Brewing Co in Sitka to Silver Gulch in Fairbanks and all points between. While I was in the Mat-Su Valley today, I made sure to stop at the Last Frontier Brewing Company in Wasilla -- thanks to Robbie the brewer for sharing a taste of his lager.  If you're in the neighborhood, I recommend the Alaska Crab Spinach Gratin appetizer!
This is definitely a first: my own coffee recipe! The teens at My House developed a special coffee for my visit today. My House is a non-profit organization that provides training and services for homeless youth in the valley.  What a kind gesture - and tasty too! For more information, look them up: http://myhousematsu.org/
NOAA started a month-long comment period on sealife sound impacts over the holidays when most Alaskans rightly had their mind and focus on personal time w/family and friends. After I pushed NOAA to extend the period to allow for more input – and better science – today they gave us an extra 45 days.
As I've been busy around Alaska, I've shared my thoughts about Beth Kertulla's recent Stanford announcement with many of you -- My friend Beth is moving to an exciting opportunity for her professionally and personally.  I so appreciate all she, and her family, have contributed to the great state we love.
Every time I'm home, I try to get to as many schools as possible and connect with young Alaskans.   Thanks to Wasilla Lake Christian School for the friendly welcome today, great questions ... and the chance to remind high school age students about my summer intern program!
Was great to visit with KSRM's Duane Bannock yesterday on the Kenai Peninsula airwaves!  Thanks for having me on the show!
Thank you very much to the United States Coast Guard for the warm welcome and briefing at the new Command Center in Anchorage.  Alaskans appreciate all your hard work and long hours.
Very excited about yet another Alaskan headed to the Olympics in Sochi! Way to go Eric! Alaska will be cheering you on!
Headed out and toured the new Anchorage Neighborhood Health Center, where they're working hard and providing vial services to over 14,000 Alaskans - including this state of the art x-ray.
In honor of Martin Luther King, Jr's legacy of service, I hope that Alaskans see today more as a 'Day On' to step up and help one another than a 'Day Off' of work.  Love your community, and it will love you back.
Kicking off a busy Alaska work period with a full day of meetings today.  I thank Consul Iwanabe and the rest of the Japanese-American Citizens League for taking some time out of their holiday to sit down and update me on their work and views.
Nobody knows the value of rigorous scientific review better than the scientists themselves - that's why I was proud to speak before the Alaska Marine Science Symposium moments ago about the need to get the best science available to drive policy decisions.
This morning, I had the pleasure of visiting with several members of Anchorage's large - and growing - Korean community.  I want to thank them for sharing their time and unique outlook.
Just stopped by the Alaska Native Heritage Center where they are holding the Indigenous World Film Festival.  If you're out and about in Anchorage today, it's definitely worth a visit to see the best from around the world's greatest native filmmakers. Films are being shown until 11pm tonight!
What a great project in Sitka! 900 hours of local effort, combined with strong Alaskan wood, all to make a gorgeous new bike shelter!
President Obama today told Americans he ‘takes our privacy rights into account’ with the N.S.A.’s overly broad surveillance policies.  That’s clearly not enough.  Alaskans deserve privacy protection, not mere consideration. It is up to Congress to make the necessary reforms, like those in the USA Freedom Act that I co-sponsored. I have long been wary of the Patriot Act, and this administration has clearly overstepped its bounds.
We all know that Alaska salmon is very healthy and incredibly delicious. I convinced the USDA to purchase Alaskan canned pink salmon for Food Banks across the country.
Ben Grossmann, Born in Delta Junction and a UAF alum, was nominated for his second Oscar! Alaska will be cheering you on this March!  
The federal government told Shishmaref they don't have funds to help them deal with coastal erosion, but last month the administration pledged $17M to Vietnam to help them address it.  Today I recommended the White House put America first dealing with this issue.
I am committed to fully restoring vets benefits cost of living adjustments - so 7 of my Republican colleagues and I introduced a bill today to fully restore those while extending long-term unemployment benefits for 3 months. This proposal incorporates something the President asked for, uses funding sources proposed by Democrats and keeps our promise to our veterans without adding a dime to the deficit.
With all this Congressional gridlock-  Mark Udall and I are encouraging bipartisan seating at the State of the Union. Let's show Americans that we can at come together for this important night.  
I am angrier and sadder than ever at the Senate Intelligence Committee's report finding that the Benghazi attack was avoidable and that Americans needlessly died at the hands of terrorists.  The fact that this administration chose to turn a blind eye, see no evil and not add heightened security amid an obvious surge in terrorist activity is a black mark, and no reforms or reconsiderations will bring back the four lives lost.
I met with Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs John Baird today to talk about energy and Arctic policy. We had a great conversation and I look forward to working with Canada on future policy.
It’s been a long struggle to deliver relief for Alaskans impacted by the anemic Chinook run in 2012, but I built a "coastal coalition" of lawmakers nationwide hit by fish disasters, and we have $75 million in the 2014 spending bill to help.
I feel like I have been in a fight with this administration to get them to do the right thing and what the Supreme Court told them to do: fully fund Alaska Native hospital operations and ensure the adequate delivery of health care to Alaska Natives.  With today's appropriations bill, Alaska Native health facilities will get full funding for their contract support costs.
8 of my Republican colleagues and I are advancing a measure that will restore full cost of living benefits to early military retirees, and give a 3-month unemployment benefits extension to those still jobless from the Obama administration's policy failures, without adding a dime to the deficit.
Less than a month to go before the Winter Olympics, and Kikkan Randall is in top form already!  Go Kikkan!
Contrary to some Alaska reports, the Senate is still debating an unemployment benefits extension. It's a necessary debate and I am engaged in the conversation, but I am seeking answers to important questions.
With the Senate still debating the unemployment benefits bill over the weekend, I have co-sponsored an amendment that would provide a responsible, compassionate solution for the long-term unemployed that also restores the COLA benefit cuts to early military retirees – without adding a dime to the deficit.
I am still livid about Interior Secretary Jewell deciding against the King Cove road the day before Christmas Eve.  It is clear to us in Alaska that our lives and well-being matter little to Secretary Jewell; she neither understands nor cares about the most basic needs of our remote residents. And it is quite clear that we have again received unfair treatment at the hands of our federal government.
Last night, Wal-Mart announced that they are committed to keeping Alaska seafood on its shelves.  I am pleased that Wal-Mart decision-makers took me up on my offer to visit Alaska before making a final determination about our fish, and it’s clear Alaska’s sustainable wild seafood continues to be its own best advocate.  The management of Alaska’s fisheries – and our commitment to sustainability – should never be in doubt.  Alaska looks forward to a long, healthy, and delicious relationship with Wal-Mart’s customers nationwide.
The U.S Army Alaska just announced that while Ft. Wainwright is adding personnel, some reductions at Joint Base Elmendorf Richardson mean that our state is losing over 300 Army staff. Though Alaska is disappointed to lose any members of the U.S. Army, these overall numbers show that the Last Frontier remains a premier location for the nation’s defense.  With the U.S. Army responsibly conducting a regular evaluation of their positioning worldwide to boost efficiency, many states are seeing far larger reductions compared to Alaska’s 3 percent. As the Pentagon shifts from a post-war status, Alaska’s two Brigade Combat Teams will continue to operate at full strength following this reorganization – proving again the strategic role that Alaska plays in the protection of critical US interests in the Pacific and around the world.
I want Alaskans to know that I am still extremely concerned over the cost-of-living adjustment decrease for early military retirees that was part of the budget compromise last month.  While I voted for the overall deal to provide better economic certainty nationwide and avert another shutdown, I immediately co-sponsored an effort to restore full retirement pay for military member that was voted down by the Senate majority.  I am incredibly frustrated that the Democratic majority in the Senate is showing no urgency in addressing this issue, but I am committed to seeking a solution before this provision kicks in January 2016.
Prasnigo and Merry Christmas to everyone celebrating Russian Orthodox Slaviq today in Alaska!  I know the next week will be one filled with good food, good friends, and beautiful singing.
Unemployment still impacts millions of Americans, so we've got to have some compassion for those caught up in the administration’s economic failures. That’s why I voted to open debate on unemployment insurance. We need to reform and restructure our unemployment benefits rather than just keeping the extensions ongoing.
More fruit and vegetables are headed to Alaska’s food banks and partners across the state, thanks to the Department of Agriculture announcing today it will spend existing funds on food emergency programs.  I sent a letter with two dozen of my colleagues back in August to encourage Secretary Vilsack to help those in need – and today’s news is a positive way to ring in the New Year at a very difficult time for so many Alaskans and Americans.
Happy Birthday, Alaska!  You look great at 55!
I’m glad that those 52 passengers were rescued from the ship in Antarctica today, but both this story and the Renda delivering oil to Nome through ice two years ago remind us the federal government really needs to step up when considering our Arctic region. Compared with the other Arctic nations, the United States is lagging behind — behind in our thinking, behind in our vision in mapping out an Arctic agenda. We lack basic infrastructure, and basic funding commitments to be prepared for the level of activity expected in the Arctic. This isn’t an Alaskan issue; it’s a national one. People in Iowa and New Hampshire need to view the U.S. as an Arctic nation. http://www.adn.com/2014/01/01/3254392/nations-jockey-for-arctic-position.html#storylink=cpy
Happy New Year's Eve, Alaska! Hope everyone stays safe and are making plans for a great 2014.  Do you have any traditions or resolutions you're going into 2014 with?
Congratulations to University of Alaska Fairbanks for being selected as an unmanned aerial vehicle test site! Not only is it more great news for the Interior, it's also further proof that the federal government is investing in Alaska's people and our unique research capabilities.
Went cross country skiing in Girdwood yesterday.  It was about 10 degrees and lovely snow blanketed the meadows.  We are truly blessed to live in such a beautiful state!
Skiing with my son Matt at Alyeska on a cold clear Christmas Day. We were at the top of the lift at 1:30 pm just as the sun was going behind the mountain for the end of the day.  Our family enjoyed a nice morning at the cabin opening gifts before getting outside for a few hours of skiing. We will spend the evening with sisters and cousins and nephews and friends, thankful for all that we have. On this evening of the day we celebrate the birth of Christ let us be thankful of the many blessings that we have and the love of family. From our home to yours, Merry Christmas!
From my family to yours: Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and Happy New Year, Alaska!
I am angered and deeply disappointed by Interior Sec. Sally Jewell’s decision to continue to put the lives of the people of King Cove in danger by rejecting a life saving road to Cold Bay.  As I told reporters this afternoon, this is a horrible decision at any time, but horribly offensive going into the holidays. It is an additional slap in the face to the people of King Cove and shows that the Department of Interior understands how deeply troubling and problematic is this complete rejection of its Native trust responsibility. This administration may be willing to abandon the people of King Cove, but I am not going to give up on them.
So happy I could spend some time with Fairbanks' Jessica Schulz of the USA Winter Olympic Curling Team before she leaves tonight to train for the Sochi games.  Good luck Jessica, we will be cheering for you!
I was so busy today that I almost forgot to wish everyone a happy Winter Solstice.  We only get lighter from here! What did you do on this shortest day of the year?
Look who stopped by to help me ring bells for the Salvation Army at Fred Meyer! I love it when both my boys are back home with me.
Busy day!  Now I'm volunteering for the Salvation Army's Red Kettle campaign this afternoon at the Fred Meyer in Midtown Anchorage. Stop by, say 'Hi' and donate to a great cause!
I just agreed to do the Polar Bear Plunge next year with my new friend Joe!
Freezing for a Reason at the Special Olympics Alaska Polar Bear Plunge.  Alaskans do some crazy things for great causes!
Talking with Bean's Cafe clients about all the great things that Bean's provides: hot meals, shelter, great people and of course a safe, warm place to play solitaire.
It takes a small army to get everything prepped for lunch here at Bean's Cafe in Anchorage. I'm learning the ropes from "kitchen goddess" Pam before I jump in and lend a hand.
We need to protect American interests and add teeth to the Iran deal negotiated by the administration, so that we have a response planned if Iran’s leaders go back on their word.  I’m co-sponsoring the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act because severe sanctions need to be in place in case Iran breaches the Joint Plan of Action or a final agreement can’t be reached.  Read more here:
Good news for Rural Alaskans: we were able to get a land transfer through to allow the Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium to build a new a patient housing facility to create a ‘home away from home’ during critical times for Alaska Native families who must remain in Anchorage for loved ones to receive vital health care:
Alaskans and Americans want, need and deserve health care reform that allows for better access to care and lower costs – but that is not what is happening.  Tonight’s flip-flop from the White House on the health care bill allowing a new set of exemptions is a stunning admission that its signature achievement is clearly not ready for prime time.  Just weeks ago, President Obama vowed that Americans needed to be ‘protected’ from these basic plans.  At this point, I think Alaskans need to be protected from this bill and the anxiety and frustration it has created for people who just want to know that they and their loved ones can get medical care.
Is it just me, or is this strange?  Why on earth is Iowa getting an Arctic research center when Alaska is the rightful place for this sort of research to be done?
I have said it before and I will say it again: Alaska’s seafood is the best in the world, and I want to make sure all Americans have access to this sustainable and healthy food.  Today, I'm reaching out to the new head of Wal-Mart to invite him here to Alaska to see and taste it for himself, because I know once he does, he will want to ensure it is always available to his customers.
After much thought, I do intend to vote for the Budget Act.  The bill is far from perfect, but it helps prevent another shutdown of the federal government, the furlough of thousands of Alaska’s federal employees, and the statewide ripple effect.  It is a bipartisan agreement, a step forward for the legislative process, and provides more certainty for the economy. It also allows some relief from the across-the-board sequester cuts, which have hit the Department of Defense and our military particularly hard.    I do not support the bill’s provisions to decrease the cost-of-living-adjustment for retirement payments for military retirees until they turn 62, and support Senator Wicker’s efforts to restore full retirement pay.  The Majority Leader has prevented all efforts to amend the bill, but I am committed to working with my colleagues to find a better solution for our veterans before the decrease takes effect in December 2015.
62% of Alaska is managed by the federal government, so it‘s vital that we have input in how that land is used.  This morning I questioned a number of Department of Energy and Interior nominees about Alaskans priorities, including contaminated land:
A federal judge ruled this morning that the NSA’s bulk collection of phone records is a violation of Fourth Amendment privacy rights.  While this ruling is limited to one specific court case, I have questioned the legality of such mass surveillance tactics for the last decade.  Alaskans don’t believe the government has free reign to see our library records or phone call logs, and it is high time we find the important balance between protecting Americans while still safeguarding our freedoms.
An amazing technology that fights brain tumors was almost delayed from coming to Alaska.  I'm proud my office could help to cut some of the federal red tape.  Now, Alaskans can start getting potentially life-saving Gamma Knife treatments next week.
Today, I voted to confirm Deborah Lee James to be the next Secretary of the Air Force.  I believe she can build on the positive momentum of a better partnership between Alaska and the USAF and help bring our new Pacific era into focus.
It’s Alaska vs. Colorado over the best ski town in North America!  Alaska: you only have about 3 hours left to vote for Eaglecrest Ski Area in Juneau, and right now, we are about 120 votes down.  Click here to vote:
In these tight budget times we need to make the most of the resources we have, which is why I am so pleased that my amendment to transfer surplus Army C-23 “Sherpa” aircraft from Oklahoma here to Alaska has been included in the bill released by the House and Senate Armed Services Committees.  These eight Sherpas have just been sitting on the tarmac unused, and I know that here in Alaska they can help with disasters like the ones we saw in Galena and with the Western Alaska storm.  To me, this is just common sense.
Tis the season for giving, and for spending quality time with family.  My Mat-Su staffer Gerri did both this week as she volunteered for the Salvation Army's annual Red Kettle Campaign with her daughter Kenzie and granddaughter Dani.
I am encouraged by the bipartisan budget deal announced by House and Senate leaders and am reviewing the details to make sure it doesn’t disproportionately impact Alaskans. We clearly must avoid another government shutdown, because what happened in October with the shutdown was harmful to our state and to the entire nation.  This is not a perfect deal by any stretch and it is not a done deal, but it would avoid a shutdown, keep us on the path of decreased spending and help avoid some deep cuts to the defense budget without raising taxes.  One shortfall of this plan is that it doesn’t deal with mandatory spending or tax reform.  So, we have a lot of work to do, but this is a step away from governing by crisis and towards getting government out of the way of economic progress.
The East Coast is dealing with some “winter weather” today and a lot of Washington DC is shut down because folks seem to be scared to come outside.  My office- full of Alaskans who are used to a little snow- is hard at work today and I had a rather nice walk to work this morning.
This weekend, the US Air Force honored four Alaska-based airmen - Major Matthew S. Komatsu, Senior Master Sergeant Paul J. Barendregt, Technical Sergeant Kyle T. Minshew and Senior Airman Andrew J. Nichols - for their bravery and courage in Afghanistan operations.  I join every Alaskan in saluting these brave men, and all our men and women in uniform who serve and sacrifice selflessly in combat.  Read their amazing stories of heroism here:
Alaska girls rock!
Look who I ran into skiing - Keith Colburn, captain of the F/V Wizard from the Deadliest Catch. Who knew a crab boat captain could ski too?
As the nation remembers the December 7th, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor that brought the United States into World War II, I am honoring one of our American heroes from that war.  Norman Hogg stepped up and served our country during one of the most trying times in our nation’s history.  His memories and his legacy should not be forgotten. On this Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, I hope you will join me in honoring and thanking Norman and all of our veterans for their service. http://1.usa.gov/18scfuu
Touring Little Red Services this afternoon and seeing something really exciting: Due to recent increased activity by the producers, they've been able to bring oil field fabrication that was being done in Canada back here to Alaskan workers.  Good news for the economy and keeping our highly skilled guys here at home.
RIP, Nelson Mandela.  Today the world has lost an icon, a truly inspirational leader who was the personification of patience, positivity and perseverance.  Despite facing the longest of odds and the most difficult and exhausting of obstacles, he was able to find a path to freedom and equality.  His aspirational vision was without bounds; that he reached so many of his goals will be a legacy for millions for generations.  He said “It always seems impossible until it is done.”  That is truly a message for all of us facing adversity or challenges in our lives of all sizes.
Holiday party time!  Stop by my Anchorage office and say hi, but don't be alarmed by my sunglasses.  I just had eye surgery today but didn't want to miss tonight.  We will be here until 6:30.
Our Annual Peterson Tower Holiday Party and open house begins in just over an hour- hope to see you here!
Black Friday is in the bag, so is Cyber Monday, and that makes today #GivingTuesday!  It’s in that spirit that Greg from my Anchorage office is giving cookies to the Armed Services YMCA today.  The group will distribute the yummy treats to some of our service men and women who are single, living in the barracks at JBER and are far away from their families this Christmas.  If you are able, please consider giving to your favorite local charity so that all Alaskans might have a holiday season that is just a little brighter.  
 
 Pictured: Paulette Ramage, JoAnn Handy, Greg Kaplan and Kim Nahom
My Anchorage office is getting decorated for the holidays!  Stop by and say "hi" to my staff and I during Peterson Tower's Holiday Party and open house this Wednesday from 4:30pm to 6:30pm.
Some of you may have gotten a message recently from a James Peter claiming to be on my staff asking you to contact him to claim winnings.  I just want to let you all know that this person has created a fake Facebook account to impersonate me for a phishing scam.  Facebook has removed the account and we are investigating further.  Please, please remember to never give your financial information to anyone you don’t know, especially on Facebook.
I am pleased to announce I have promoted Kate Williams to be my new Legislative Director in DC.  Kate is a Juneau girl who has a stellar track record of advancing Alaskan issues and serving Alaskans – and I look forward to having her hand guiding our policy aims as we do what’s right for our state and nation.  Kate has been instrumental in guiding oil and gas issues on the Energy Committee and I know she will bring that same enthusiasm and know-how to a broader portfolio of issues in her new role.  Welcome Kate! http://1.usa.gov/18brRCp
I know many of you have Black Friday hangover, but don’t forget to save some of your holiday dollars for to empower local businesses and connect to the community.  Tomorrow, get out and support our local businesses through Small Business Saturday.  When we support local businesses, that money stays right here in Alaska.  What better gift for not only those on our shopping list, but also our Alaskan community as a whole?  I do hope you’ll join me tomorrow, on Small Business Saturday, in supporting all of our wonderful local businesses.
Happy Thanksgiving, Alaska!
As night falls in Alaska, the lights of the menorah are being lit throughout our state.  I want to wish Jewish families in Alaska, and around the world celebrating the Festival of Lights a very happy and joyful Hanukkah!
I am thankful for our great state and all the Alaskans I have the privilege of working for.  I wouldn’t be here without you, and while you may not always agree with every vote I cast, please know that I work my hardest every single day for you and for our future.  As I travel around Alaska, I have talked with many of you and we have shared laughs, had serious conversations, shed tears, and just visited over coffee.  Today, and every day, I am thankful for you, Alaska.  #AKThanks
This is a tough job and I couldn’t do it without the help of my staff both in Alaska and Washington, DC.  Today, and every day, I am thankful for them and the job that we do together for all of Alaska.  What are you thankful for?  #AKThanks
We have more #AKThanks coming in from around our state: I just got this cute video from the 6th grade class at Redoubt Elementary School in Soldotna.  Way to go - being thankful for our educational opportunities!  What are you thankful for Alaska?  Share using #AKThanks
Six months of pushing, and finally… victory!  The federal government will no longer allow outside, international fee-based groups dictate whether or not Alaska’s fisheries are sustainable.  We are the only state in the nation to have the sustainability of our fish stocks written into our constitution and we are recognized as the pinnacle of quality seafood.  Moving forward, no 3rd party group will be permitted to influence what seafood gets to be served at our parks, schools or to our troops abroad.
Another #AKThanks today: I'm thankful for Alaskans helping one another.  The Thanksgiving Blessing boxes we helped put together, which contain a turkey and all the fixings, will be available for pickup in Anchorage today.  If your family needs a little extra help preparing your Thanksgiving meal, you can pick up a box from 3 to 8pm today.  To find out where your pick up location is visit: http://www.foodbankofalaska.org/
Day 3 of my #AKThanks campaign and I’m thankful for Winter and snow.  I know things were dicey a few days ago with freezing rain, but overall, I love this season and all the winter sports, holidays and family time it brings.  What are you thankful for Alaska?  Use #AKThanks to share with us.
A huge congratulations to Eagle River’s Kastle Sorensen and her business Kastle’s Kreations for her win on Cupcake Wars over the weekend with a truly Alaskan ingredient: smoked salmon.
Sometimes it’s easy to get caught up in the negative things or the things that bug us, but that’s why we have Thanksgiving: to catch up with loved ones and take a moment to reflect on all the good we enjoy – whether it’s our families, culture, abundant resources and incredible beauty.  I’m inviting Alaskans to take this chance to remind ourselves and one another about all there is to celebrate in our lives, so share what you’re thankful for here- in words, video, pictures or even music if you would like- and use #akthanks for posts on Twitter.  Today, I wanted to share how thankful I am for our men and women in uniform.
With Thanksgiving coming up in a few days, I think it's important to step back and realize how much good is out there for us to be grateful about -- which is why I'm starting the '#AKThanks' campaign and inviting Alaskans to vocalize and share what they are thankful for this year.  It's easy to get caught up thinking about the things we're frustrated about, but we shouldn't forget we're blessed. Alaska has great people, an optimistic culture, abundant resources and breathtaking natural beauty.  First and foremost, I'm thankful for my family.  What are you grateful for this year?
Please, please be safe out there, Alaska!  If you have to be out on the roads, drive carefully and slowly.
Great news: this morning the Department of Defense announced they are listening to Alaskans – when they released their Arctic Strategy, Secretary Hagel said he plans to be ‘very active and very involved’ in the Arctic.  The emerging opportunities for shipping, tourism and development in the Arctic are incredibly exciting, and I am glad that they want to seize and protect the possibilities we have up north.  I appreciated Secretary Hagel sitting down with me last week and I look forward to working with him and the rest of the Department moving forward and in ensuring Alaska is involved as the Department moves forward with their Strategy.
Today, Senate Democrats decided they want more party line votes to push their agenda forward without needing to engage a single Republican.  It’s a power grab, plain and simple.  We’ve seen this movie before; it’s called the health care law, and I am astonished that only three Democrats refused to make this drastic political move to change the process.  This rule changes how executive branch and judicial nominees are considered in the Senate.  Only the Senate has a role in their nominations.  I take the role of ‘advise and consent’ on nominees very seriously – a lifetime appointment to the bench is not just a routine job.  And when I give my consent as a U.S. Senator, it is only after considered review and study of the individual.  Advise and consent is not meant to be a rubber stamp for the President.  Yesterday I stood with Senate colleagues from the most conservative side of my party to the left end of the other and we advocated together for changes in the military justice system; ours was a coalition built upon negotiation and solid thinking.  We were working to build policy in a collaborative and cooperative way.  The action on the floor today was a stunning contrast to that collaborative effort.  Today’s vote saddens me more than it angers me.  This is a sad day for the institution of the U.S. Senate, the legislative body designed to guard the views and the voices of the minority and to be – in the words of George Washington – the ‘saucer used to cool the tea.’ Senate Democrats have shattered that saucer into pieces.  I’m afraid today’s rules change will fundamentally alter our operations and lead us to being a less tempered body.
Happy 40th Anniversary to the Homer Senior Center.  Four decades of doing good things for the Greatest Generation!  They celebrated in style yesterday:
It saddens and angers me to keep hearing the Alaskan voices of military sexual assault.  We need profound change in our nation’s military and a true zero tolerance policy – what they have been pledging for years.  I have heard too many Alaskan victim stories, seen too many tears and demanded answers myself too many times. This is unacceptable and needs to be addressed NOW. http://1.usa.gov/17O16Au
NA
NA
NA
Today, I spoke about the challenges and opportunities for Alaska Natives and other minorities seeking employment in Alaska’s energy sector at a forum in D.C. hosted by the U.S. Department of Energy. If you want to get into the field, there are great job training and STEM education programs in our state, including at Kotzebue’s Alaska Technical Center, the Fairbanks Pipeline Training Center, and at Ilisagvik College in Barrow.
Alaskans know our state and our communities are on the forefront of Arctic changes and we need to be ready.  That’s why this morning I met with Sec. of State John Kerry to talk about the Arctic.  I pressed Kerry and the State Department to be actively engaged in creating a detailed action plan with a clear agenda laying out concrete goals.  We can’t wait around on this one.  We need a plan now.  http://1.usa.gov/1b69SQu
Ted Stevens was an amazing man, and he still inspires me every day.  Everyone knew when Ted put his Hulk tie on he meant business and he would fight for Alaska with every fiber of his being.  I keep these things on my desk in DC to remind me to invoke a little bit of Ted’s passion when I head to the Senate floor.  We still have a lot of work to do for Alaska and I know Uncle Ted is still helping us do it.
Today would have been Senator Ted Stevens’ 90th birthday, and I miss him every day.  Ted meant so much to so many and it seems almost every Alaskan has a story about how Uncle Ted touched their lives.  Last week, I shared a story about his commitment to fitness with the United States Olympic Committee.  What’s your Uncle Ted Story?
Today, while home in Anchorage, I stopped by the School Counselor Association Conference to talk about some of the tough stuff our kids are dealing with these days: bullying, new learning challenges -- and especially youth suicide.  We have already lost too many of our young people to the epidemic of suicide, and we must find a constructive solution.  While there are no easy answers,  I know it is going to take all of us coming together to figure out how to stop this.
One of the bravest and hardest things that any of us can do is admit we need help. This is particularly true for our brave men and women in uniform, when it comes to overcoming the stigma attached to seeking mental care.  Too many myths are rampant in the military about the negative impacts that come with stepping forward for help with stress or depression -- like stunting their career paths. This is why I just introduced the Military Mental Health Improvement Act as the Senate begins to debate the Defense Authorization Bill next week.  No soldier should have to choose between their health and their career.
I feel like I'm fighting the Administration to get the funding Alaska's tribal health system is owed by the Indian Health Service. The Supreme Court ordered these full payments to be made and clinics and hospitals have yet to see all the money they need to provide good healthcare to Alaskans. The President says he is listening, but I want to see that translated into advocating with us on the budget. You can’t put the monkey on our back unless you’re willing to step up and be that advocate with us.
Even from 4,000 miles away, I am watching the storms hitting our Bering Sea communities closely.  Kotlik, Scammon Bay, Tununak, Savoonga, Gambell, Teller, Stebbins, Unalakleet, Shishmaref, Saint Michael and Nunam Iqua are assessing the damage done so far and some community leaders are declaring local disasters.  With homes being washed away into the sea, many families are seeking refuge in schools and dealing with food and water shortages.  Today, I cornered BIA Assistant Sec. Washburn in the halls of the Capitol to brief him on the situation. I have put him in contact with local tribal organizations that are coordinating disaster response and he assures me he’s going to look into what the BIA can do to help.
President Obama’s so-called ‘fix’ today does not keep the promise made to Alaskans and it does not fix the problem of health care costs or access to care.  He punted health care cancellations for another year, but didn’t resolve any other issues with the law. He punted the discretion to deliver on this ‘keep your health care’ promise to health commissioners across the country.  He punted on fulfilling his promise for a year back to the health care insurance companies.  The President’s promise was pretty simple – if you like your health care plan, you can keep it.  Period.  Now, in response to a spectacular failure of a rollout of the exchange and the outrage of millions of Americans, he has recalibrated.  Now you can keep your health care at least for the next year if your provider will reissue it.
The President just wrapped up his address to the White House Tribal Nations Conference.  While I appreciated him acknowledging he must do better with Contract Support Costs, I am concerned that he didn’t mention Alaska Natives once.  Here’s my takeaway:
Alaskans have seen first-hand through Eielson and its F-16s that the military is trying to make critical strategic decisions based on accounting goals: that’s not good for our nation’s defense.  We need to give the Pentagon the discretion to cut the easy things like Air Force flyovers or concerts before training exercises or aircraft deployments.  If families need to readjust their budget, they go for movies and eating out first.  They don’t take 5% from books and groceries, too.  I shared my frustration about sequestration hurting our readiness today: http://1.usa.gov/1gKVEGV
I want to extend my sincere congratulations to two very special teachers in the Anchorage School District: Barbara Dexter, Secondary Teacher Specialist, and Beth Snyder, Early Childhood Teacher Specialist for ASD’s Child in Transition/Homeless Project.  Barb and Beth have dedicated their lives to ensuring Alaska’s homeless youth get the good education they deserve, and in the process, created a model that is being used as the standard of excellence around our state and the nation.  To thank them for their 20 years of work, these two amazing educators have received the Distinguished Service and Leadership award from the National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth.  Congrats ladies!
The Indian Health Service has only received its funding on time once in the last 15 years.  Once!  And, it's throwing our clinics and health care providers into needless and counterproductive chaos when it comes to accounting and planning.  We fund the Veterans Administration in advance to deliver on our promise to veterans, so today I joined the Alaska Delegation in pushing to have our I.H.S. ‘forward-funded’ to deliver on our Federal Trust Responsibility to our nation’s first people.
Last week I co-sponsored the ‘If You Like Your Health Care, You Can Keep It Act.’ Today that bill got another voice in support: former president Bill Clinton.
Veteran’s Day may be over, but our efforts to honor those who served should never be done.  Part of that must be giving them the support they need.  Unfortunately, many of our brave warriors are returning home to struggles so deep they might not know what to do.  If you, or anyone you know is having a hard time adjusting to life back home, the folks at the Veterans Crisis Line are stand ready to serve you.  Call: 1-800-273-8255 or visit: http://veteranscrisisline.net/
Laying a wreath at JBER National Cemetery in Anchorage
The Veteran's Day March in Ketchikan
Erik Ludwig, intern in my Fairbanks office participates in the Veteran's Day celebration in Fairbanks.
Col Peter. B. Andrysiak, Executive Officer to the Chief of Engineers and Commanding General USACE speaking at the Mat-Su Veteran's Day Ceremony at the Wall of Honor
Kenai veteran Herb Stettler recites the poem "In Flanders Fields" at the Kenai Peninsula Veteran's Day ceremony.
Kenai, AK
As we honor all those who have served on this Veteran's Day, we also remember those who have fallen.  Today at the National Cemetery on JBER, I was honored to lay a wreath for Canadian Remembrance Day so that we man honor all those who have fought and died for us.
Thousands of veterans call Alaska home, but not all wear their badges, medals or scars on the outside.  One of these veterans and heroes is Thomas Struth.  He fought in two wars and turns 100 tomorrow on 11-12-13. I thank him and all our nation's veterans  for their service on this Veteran's Day and everyday.
Happy Veteran's Day, Alaska!  We have more veterans per capita than any other state -- 77,000 statewide, which makes 1 out of every 10 Alaskans a vet.  They are our neighbors, coaches, teachers, police officers and community leaders, but most importantly they are our valued friends.  I want to thank each and every one of them today for their selfless service.
This Veteran's Day Sunday, I was pleased to present Suellyn Novak of the Alaska Veterans Museum a Congressional Statement for the Record commemorating the 70th Anniversary of the Battle of Attu. Suellyn was the driving force behind making the Attu Memorial a reality and honoring the Attu villagers who were taken prisoner by the Japanese so many years ago.  Thank you, Suellyn and to all of Alaska's vets.
There are exactly 90 days until the Winter Olympics in Sochi, and today I was thrilled to be able to spend some time with our Alaskan athletes headed out for their final training push before the games.  Good luck guys- you make Alaska and our nation proud!
Thanksgiving is right around the corner, so today my Anchorage staff and I spent the afternoon at the Food Bank of Alaska helping prepare food boxes for Thanksgiving Blessings. Alaskans looking for more information, just dial 211.
Many Alaskans on the Kenai Peninsula know about Herb Stettler's Korean War service and his warm, kind spirit.  As we enter this Veteran's Day weekend, I want to introduce everyone to him in my most recent Veteran Spotlight interview.  I hope everyone reaches out to thank a veteran this weekend, shake their hand and tell them how much this grateful nation appreciates their service.
I want to thank the Alaskans who reached out about the incorrect Letter to the Editor in today’s paper.  To set things straight: I voted against the Affordable Care Act when it passed on a party line vote and have been against it in the years since.  As to the claims of some sort of exemption, I want Alaskans to know that despite the exchanges clearly not being ready for prime time, both myself and my staff will be placed in the exchange as the Affordable Care Act requires.
One in ten Alaskans is a veteran and here at the Hiring our Heroes job fair 120 local businesses have come out to give them their next mission: a great job.  If you're coming out to the University Center, please say hi to Greg and Andrea who are standing ready to help veterans and their families navigate their federal benefits and answer questoins.
I am so saddened to hear that my friend J.P. Pestrikoff passed away yesterday at the age of 103. J.P. was an amazing man and an important Alutiiq culture bearer for Kodiak Island and beyond. I was lucky enough to spend some time with him this Spring when I visited Port Lions -- I will never forget his quick wit, his smile and of course his jokes. My thoughts and prayers are with his family today and with the entire community of Port Lions.
I am a strong, strong believer that individuals should be judged on their merits and not how they look or how they are perceived to be.  That’s why I just proudly cast my vote in favor of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA).  I also supported an amendment to the bill protecting religious freedoms in implementation of the law.  All Alaskans deserve to be protected from discrimination and as employees, should be judged solely on the basis of ability or skill.
Earlier this year, I co-sponsored the “Troop Talent Act” to boost employment opportunities for our men and women in uniform when they try to enter the private sector.  Tomorrow, my staff will have their boots on the ground at University Mall for the Hiring Our Heroes Veterans Job Fair to serve those who defended our nation.  Come by and say hi!
Words alone aren’t going to solve the problem of military sexual assault – if they did, it would be eliminated already.  We need action. We need an independent, objective and non-biased military justice system where victims feel comfortable reporting these crimes to.  I know the Military Justice Improvement Act would create that, which is why I stood with my colleagues across the political spectrum urging all of Congress to support this effort.  We must band together for real, meaningful change to protect those who protect us. Read more here: 1.usa.gov/1cTv1uJ
’Keep your health care plan if you like it’ was one of the key claims that President Obama used to force this flawed new health care law through Congress, and now more than 5,000 Alaskans have seen this promise broken in the first month of its rollout. Today, I’m proudly co-sponsoring a new bill that will allow anyone to hold onto the health insurance plans they’re satisfied with, and not force them to discontinue their plans and enter the health care exchange.
Premium rates rising 20, 60, 80 percent, monthly payments more than mortgages, old and young Alaskans alarmed at the costs. These are a few things I am hearing from Alaskans about the health care law and exchanges. Moments ago, I went to the floor to stress that this law is not accomplishing the goal of affordable health care -- and shared letters from some of you in Alaska with my Senate colleagues.
My heartfelt congratulations to all the winners of the GreenGov Presidential Awards, especially NOAA’s Ted Stevens Research Institute in Juneau.  They’re using seawater to not only heat the building but also support their lab research.  I was just at the impressive facility a few weeks ago and saw first hand how it’s good for the budget, good for the environment, and has helped them reach zero carbon admissions.  Way to go!
I’m getting questions from across Alaska about the new health care law; people concerned with higher prices, less accessibility and glitches in the system – even from those who are working to make it function. This morning, I questioned the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services about the problems we're seeing in our state with the health care exchange and some of the silly DC-centric things they're trying.  It was a tense few minutes, and I have got to tell you: I did not come away with much confidence in the system.
The regional director of the controversial Marine Stewardship Council resigned today in the middle of its fight with Alaska over the sustainability of our wild salmon.  I hope that her successor takes a more reasonable approach backed by improved science – we Alaskans know we are seen worldwide as a model of sustainability!
United States Marine Corps General Amos visited yesterday and was incredibly impressed that my staffer Kaelan had shaved 20 minutes off her time in this week’s Marine Corps Marathon!  Go Kaelan!
It has been months since the Spring flooding in Galena and the community is still working to rebuild.  When I visited this summer, I found that FEMA wasn’t moving fast enough to help residents and may have been unprepared for the cultural and geographic challenges of a disaster in Alaska.  I have called for an investigation into what’s going on because this will not be the last natural disaster in our state, and I want to make sure mistakes are not repeated.
Happy Halloween, Alaska!  Today, I'm wearing the necklace one of my boys made for me in Kindergarten.  What are your Halloween traditions?
This month, my Veteran Spotlight is on Col. John Pollock of Soldotna, AK.  John Pollock has not only shown exemplary leadership on the front lines, he continues to serve on the home front, helping young veterans navigate their GI Bill benefits and in some cases, navigate the sometimes scary reality of PTSD.  We owe it to veterans like John to honor them through sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the high levels of patriotism, commitment and service they demonstrate for us.  Find out more about John’s story here: http://1.usa.gov/1aUof4S  If you  have a family member or friend in the community you think has a story to share, email me at Spotlight@Murkowski.Senate.Gov
I’m heading to the Senate floor to talk about improving the lives and futures of our Alaska Native youth.  My colleague Heidi Heitkamp and I are introducing a bill to create the Commission on Native Children, taking existing programs and making the work better and more efficiently to give our First People a better tomorrow.  Watch live here:
When the federal government shut down for 16 days, Alaskans across the state were impacted, and not just federal employees or those who rely on government services.  Whether you’re an air taxi operator waiting on a permit from the FAA, a crab fisherman awaiting allocation limits from NOAA, a forester in the Tongass told to shut down logging operations or a family shut out of a long-awaited trip to a national park, a government shutdown benefits no one and causes turmoil and chaos across the spectrum.  I am co-sponsoring the bipartisan End Government Shutdown Act to ensure this doesn’t happen again.  We are all adults, and I do not believe the threat of another shutdown should be used as a bargaining chip.
Today is Matt Shuckerow’s last day in my DC office.  I want to thank him for his tremendous service to Alaska for nearly three years!
As Alaskans, we understand very clearly the privacy rights guaranteed by the Constitution.  The government has no business snooping around our library books, property or who we call on our home phones or cell phones.  I’ve fought against this overreach for the last decade and today I’m taking it a step further by co-sponsoring a new bill to curb the government’s gathering of your phone records while making sure the information the NSA already has isn’t being abused.  Read all about the plan here:
What a memorable week for the first-ever Last Frontier Honor Flight -- a trip to Washington, DC with visit to the memorials there, topped off by an incredible rally when they returned to Anchorage this afternoon!  I thank them for their service, every Alaskan who donated to their cause, and the hundreds who came out to greet them when they got back today.
Also: I want to congratulate Ana Hoffman and Tara Sweeney for being elected co-chairs of the AFN Board today. This is the first time two women have been chosen, and I look forward to working with them!
Thanks to everyone at AFN for the tremendous and warm reception to my speech today.  I pledge to continue to listen to you, empower you and work for you to bring about positive and enduring change.
Spending the day at AFN, catching up with friends like Martina John from Tooksok Bay who makes beautiful wearable art with seal skin.
Two days after I gave them a send-off at Ted Stevens Airport, today was the Last Frontier Honor Flight's first-ever visit to the World War II Memorial on the Mall.  Here is a short video of some glimpses of their tour - such a memorable and meaningful day.  I thank the Honor Flight Network for making this dream a reality for these great Alaskans.
Before the Last Frontier Honor Flight departed for their historic trip to Washington, DC I met with them at Ted Stevens airport to wish them safe travels.  Earlier today, Alaska's World War II veterans and members of The Greatest Generation got to visit the World War II Memorial on the Mall that was designed and built to honor them and their service -- all at no cost to them.  Every American owes them a debt of gratitude.
Nearly every time I'm home, I make it a priority to visit at least one Alaskan school.  I want to get to as many as possible statewide, because our kids are so inspiring and full of energy and promise.  I want to thank Ms. Yvette Tousignant's Lake Hood Elementary kindergarten class for welcoming me today.
I stopped by to congratulate Krystal and Adam Hoke on their new small business in Girdwood. Energetic entrepreneurs with great designs at Alaska Roots. Good luck!
It may be a beautiful Fall day, 54 degrees and sunny in Anchorage, but we Alaskans know Snow is coming soon.  I'm spending the afternoon at the West High Ski Swap to get ready for the season ahead.
Joining my friend Dave Stieren on his radio show to talk about our the negotiations that opened our federal government, the nation's budget and deficit and what comes next.  Tune into KFQD right now
I am spending this Alaska Day afternoon at the Alaska Women's Summit talking about the amazing things women leaders are doing and leading with love.  It's not all rosy - we still have some tough statistics we need to overcome: suicide, education, affordable housing, and so much more.  I know we can come up with some solutions if women work together to move our families, communities and nation forward.
"Eight stars of gold on a field of blue…" so happy to be spending this Alaska Day home in Alaska with Alaskans!  If you’re in Sitka today, stop by the Alaska Day Festival:
Tonight, I was proud to cast my vote to end both the government shutdown and the uncertainty for so many Alaskans and Americans. This bill will fund the federal government, require heightened accountability from the health care reform law and avoid a default on the national debt. I have been working hard with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on this solution. This vote should give America hope, but it doesn’t get us out of the mess that we’re in. It’s going to take away to awhile for us rebuild any credibility. But I think that the effort to rebuild any credibility begins when we honestly and earnestly roll up our sleeves, tackle the big problems, recognize that we have to do it together. Rather than to retreat into our respective corners and just hope that we can get it right without talking to one another. http://1.usa.gov/19RG0Vu
Here in Washington, D.C. I am working to get the government back up and running.  That’s why I backed a reasonable proposal today from my colleague Susan Collins to break this Congressional gridlock.  The proposal would fund the government for six months, get rid of the tax on pacemakers and artificial joints that’s part of the Affordable Care Act and also institute common-sense flexibility in how agencies make sequestration budget cuts.  I told my Senate colleagues we need to remember who we are working for – whether it’s the crab fishermen who want to get out on the water, the family in Galena who wants to know if they’re going to get their moose, or the guys at Seong’s Sushi Bar and Chinese in Juneau who need to have their customers coming through their doors. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65IA2qpFUSI&feature=youtu.be
Want Alaskans to know that everyone in my office is safe and sound, though a bit shaken up. Thanks for your concerns.  Now our thoughts and prayers with everyone on Capitol Hill and first responders.
While there hasn't been any good news to come out of Washington, DC in awhile, today a positive development for Alaska.  The United States Air Force officially told the DC delegation they are backing off their proposal to move the F-16s from Fairbanks to Anchorage. Congratulations to the Alaskans who spoke with one voice on this: America Needs Eielson! http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=e090e825-dcf3-4249-bf67-c1d2fac93cee
While DC seems broken and stalled out right now, my colleagues and I in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee are continuing to quietly do our work – getting legislation passed and signed to build momentum to energy security and energy independence. What we are doing here isn’t going to make front page news, but I believe I was elected to do a job, and I will continue to do it despite our government being shut down.
Thanks to all the Alaskans for reaching about my staff and the shutdown.  To comply with federal law, I have designated my staff as “excepted” staff – deciding against furloughing them.  During a shutdown, and under federal law, I am required to designate my staff as either ‘excepted’ or ‘non-excepted.’  A staffer designated as ‘excepted’ must report to work and assist me to carry out my Constitutional responsibilities.  In the legislative branch, it is only those designated as ‘non-excepted’ – or in the executive branch, ‘non-essential’ – that may not work during a shutdown by law.  During a shutdown, nobody gets paid – but some employees are designated as ‘essential’ or ‘excepted’ and required to report to work.  Here’s a useful article to walk you through the details:
The ripple effect of this government shutdown has consequences far beyond just federal employees.  As I told my Senate colleagues last night, there are real lives and real families and people who are going to be lying awake wondering what this government shutdown will mean for them.  We need to figure this out and give our constituents a solution.
There’s a lot of uncertainty for federal workers and the Alaskans who know them or work with them every day.  I want Alaskans to know and as we work to find a solution to this shutdown, my offices are open and staffed so that you will be able to contact me or receive the constituent services you need.  My staff receives no pay for their work during this shutdown until a resolution is found.  As for my DC office, if Alaskans have traveled over four thousand miles to meet with me, they will not be greeted by a ‘Closed’ sign – unlike at other offices.  I am here to work for you, even if our government seems a bit broken right now.
After the last vote, I spoke to my colleagues on the floor and to the Alaskans watching at home.  My message?  I've not hidden the fact that I am not a supporter of the Affordable Care Act. I have voted against it every time we have had the opportunity to do so. But do I believe that we should shut down the federal government at this point because we haven't been able to shut down the Affordable Care Act? I think that we have a responsibility here. We've got a responsibility to govern and we're not doing that right now.   Folks back home are talking about a lot of things, talking about the fact that they had a tough fish season in certain parts of the state. They're talking about the fact that winter is coming on and our energy costs are still as high as they ever have been. They're worried about what's coming forward for them and their families. What they don't need is to know that their government can't operate. So as we deal with these very weighty decisions at this very, very late hour, we need to remember who we represent, what we're doing here. It's not just about the next election. It's about making sure that those people that we work for are not stressing and are not anxious about what tomorrow is going to bring for them.   So I’m hopeful in the less than two hours that we have we will be able to figure out how we keep the government running, how we keep the wheels on the bus, and how we get back to governing.
As bad as I believe this health care law is for our nation, shutting down the government means lost paychecks for gas, rent and grocery money for thousands of Alaskans who work for the federal government and vital services for our veterans, seniors, children and disabled.  My opposition to the Affordable Care Act doesn’t mean we stop legislating.  We need to get work. Shutting down the government doesn’t help anybody – and it has a harmful ripple effect on the larger economy.  It is time for the President and Senate and House leaders to come together and find a solution to fund the government.
Alaska, I have to report that presently we are hours away from a shutdown and things are not looking good.  But at a bare minimum, we lawmakers must support our men and women in uniform.  I’m pleased the Senate was able to accomplish this measure and hope we can find more things to agree on before midnight.
Like many of my colleagues, I stayed here in DC to continue working this weekend, and I wish that the Senate Majority Leader would have convened the Senate on Sunday so that we could all work and find a solution to avoid a government shutdown. The House of Representatives did their job and acted to fund the government over the weekend and delay a bad law that's going to cost jobs, increase insurance premiums, and raise taxes.  Now, we have just about 11 hours left to figure it out. I know thousands of Alaskans and millions of Americans nationwide are watching closely and I am here trying to find a solution.
Every month I honor an Alaskan veteran through my Veteran Spotlight.  This month the spotlight is on Wasilla resident Tina Trosper.  Tina’s story is one of a new generation of American veterans.  She’s proudly served our country while also doing one of the toughest jobs at home: being a mom.  The work she does for Alaska’s service men and women today is vitally important, making sure they transition smoothly back home.  We owe it to veterans like Tina to honor them through sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the high levels of patriotism, commitment and service they demonstrate for us.  Watch her story here:
Today’s Washington Post piece reprinted in the Anchorage Daily News about the Denali Commission is a poor example of journalism.  Not only does the reporter not seem to fully understand Alaska’s daunting infrastructure challenges as we work to improve what would be considered third world conditions for too many of our people, he did not seem interested in learning or digging into these details.  Perhaps doing so would not have fit his narrative. He did not cite a word of my February letter asking the Government Accountability Office for a top to bottom review of the commission’s operations to make sure its operations were effective and efficient, because I do agree that there are problems that need to be resolved there for better performance. And despite being given contact information for rural Alaska leadership to provide context of their needs, he did not pick up the phone.  Like the Delta Commission or the Appalachian Commission, the critical mission of the Denali Commission will remain as long as rural Alaskans use honey buckets or live in fear of whether the fuel barge will arrive before Winter. Because I want every Alaskan to be aware of my conviction of its mission, I am posting my entire letter to the GAO here today.  Alaskans and Americans like to say ‘nation building begins at home.’ Bringing rural Alaska light, heat, medical care and simple infrastructure represents the front lines of that belief.
Alaskans are speaking loudly and clearly about what they don’t like in this bad health care law: the 2nd highest premiums in the nation for Alaskans, jobs lost, hours cut and the hit our economy will take. While we have an obligation to fund the government and keep it working, we also have an obligation to listen clearly to our constituents.  I share their concerns and therefore could not support the decision by the Democratic majority to fund this unworkable law.
These days unfortunately, there is a lot of gridlock in Congress --which is why I'm so pleased that the helium bill now heading to the President’s desk includes $50 million to clean up legacy wells in Alaska.  These wells were drilled by the federal government decades ago, then left unattended, unplugged and seeping into our soil.  This is nothing short of an environmental crime against Alaska – and we’d never stand for it if a private company were behind it, so why the double standard? Legacy wells are a federal responsibility that has been ignored for far too long.
The Affordable Care Act keeps falling apart, bit by bit – and I think enough is enough.  So far, the White House has already delayed the employer mandate for a year, delayed for a year the caps on out-of pocket expenses and just today, postponed registration for some online exchanges – but yet everyday Alaskans are still going to be required to pay into it on day one. I don’t believe in the double-standard of only giving businesses who successfully lobbied this administration a delay; I believe every American deserves a break from this unworkable law, which is why I'm co-sponsoring a one-year delay for the individual mandate.
I know many Alaskans are concerned about the health care law this week, but we are also incredibly wary of the government’s surveillance practices and our privacy rights in light of the National Security Agency tracking our phone logs, e-mails and Internet use.  The Intelligence Committee is talking about the reforms Americans need and deserve right now.  Click below for the live-stream.
Thanks to all Alaskans for being so engaged on the topic of today’s continuing resolution vote.  Moments ago, I joined all my Senate colleagues in unanimously moving forward with the House bill that keeps the government running and defunds the Affordable Care Act.  As Alaskans know: I oppose the Affordable Care Act and will continue to vote to repeal, delay, and dismantle the law.  For more information on my votes and legislation, visit:
Good news for everyone who enjoys and appreciates Alaska's sustainable seafood: after months of laying out why it was wrong for the federal gov't to lean on questionable outside groups to define 'sustainability,' they have backed off this flawed policy. Wild Alaskan salmon is considered a global standard for sustainability. This change paves the way for our healthy and sustainable seafood to be served at National Parks nationwide, to troops overseas, or to our own school children.
For decades, Alaskans have fought about subsistence - who should have access to fish and game, and when.  It is obvious we need to make some changes.  But if changing the federal regulations on subsistence were easy, we would have changed them a long time ago.  The fact of the matter is, finding a solution is hard.  This is about Alaska’s future, and what we have begun today is just the beginning of good and respectful dialogue on this issue.
I promised Alaskans that I would hold a Senate hearing on the issue of subsistence last year.  Many Alaskans came out an participated in two listening sessions earlier this year to make sure their voices were included on the record, and this morning we are bringing the issue to Capitol Hill in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.  We’re live-streaming it on the web right now for everyone who wants to watch:
On behalf of grateful Alaskans and Americans, Happy 66th Birthday to the U.S. Air Force!  This picture is from Eielson Air Force Base this morning, where they got their first snowfall of the season.  I know our airmen up there are ready for anything and this picture proves it!
We Alaskans know our seafood is the best in the world, so why would the U.S. government allow a foreign non-governmental group to tell us it’s not sustainable when it’s globally known to be so?  My new bill would bar any US federal agency from requiring or endorsing the use of any third party non-governmental organization’s criteria to certify fish or seafood as sustainable.  I believe it’s the right policy to ensure that hard working fishermen and the coastal communities that depend on them are not disadvantaged by the agenda of a few misguided NGOs.
This year's Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend check amount is: $900.  How will you spend yours, Alaska?
The federal government left behind major contamination in the NPR-A in the form of Legacy Wells and on the land it gave our Alaska Native people under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.  Now, groups like the Alaska Native CEO Association is trying to get it cleaned up.  When we met this morning, we talked about the best way forward.  What do you think?  How do we get the feds to clean up their mess?
In Summer of 2012, the Supreme Court ruled that the Indian Health Service – regardless of who is in the White House – must fully fund the contract support costs that come with addressing the medical needs of Alaska Natives, Native Americans and Native Hawaiians.  But this year’s I.H.S. budget shows they’re ignoring the ruling and shortchanging our tribes millions of dollars.  The President can’t and shouldn’t pick and choose Supreme Court rulings to agree with – especially when it affects the lives and health of our first people.
My thoughts and prayers go out to all those families and individuals impacted by the Navy Yard shooting this morning in Washington, DC.  My sincere thanks to all the first responders who put their lives on the line help to stop those responsible for this heinous act and possibly prevent further casualties.  I’m very thankful that everyone in my DC office is safe and we are watching the news unfold with anxiety and concern.  I hope this gets resolved very soon.
Today is day two of the Special Olympics Fall tournament in Anchorage.  The athlete oath is: "Let me win, but if I can't win, let me be brave in the attempt."  I think that's a good motto for us all!
This afternoon on J-BER, Cathy Jorgensen was promoted from Colonel to Brigadier General.  This promotion makes her the first female General of the Alaska Army National Guard.  Please join me in saying congratulations to this strong Alaskan woman!
Many of you, like me, are still concerned about Syria, and rightly so.  Last night, I shared my thoughts on the situation with KTUU in Anchorage.
I'm so glad my office was able to help the Last Frontier Honor Flight get its tax-exempt status paperwork processed. Now 25 of Alaska's WWII vets will fly to Washington, DC to visit the memorials built in their honor - at no cost to them.  Time was of the essence on this one, as the veterans range in age from 87 to 94 years old.  I know this will be a trip of a lifetime for them!  http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=197e2c0a-d2f5-41dc-ae40-93fd38819131
It’s important to remember that Alaskans lost one of our own twelve years today: Ronald Hemenway of Wasilla was working at the Pentagon on the morning of 9/11 when that symbol of American strength was attacked.  May we never forget 9/11 and always keep Hemenway’s family, and the families of all those who lost their lives, in our thoughts and prayers.
God Bless America, today and every day.  We will never forget.
I’m headed to the Senate floor right now to say America needs to make our energy more abundant, clean, secure and – a big step forward – efficient.  It deserves to be a larger part of our nation’s policy and I’m talking about how it’s good for our economy and our environment.
It has now been twelve years since the horrific attacks on 9/11 that took thousands of American lives in New York City, at the Pentagon and in an airplane crash that broke the stillness of a Pennsylvania farmland morning.  Though Alaskans were thousands of miles away from those sites, we were all a single community, worrying and grieving with the entire nation.
 
 Americans didn’t allow ourselves to be daunted or divided.  Instead, we faced down fear and sprinted into dangerous situations to rescue survivors, and millions of us rallied together to bring relief, aid and comfort to families impacted by these violent acts.
 Now more than ever, it is clear that 9/11 was not a single incident but the beginning of a new era of complications and struggles in the Middle East that have impacts and repercussions on America a full dozen years later.
 
 On behalf of a grateful state and nation, I want to thank our military men and women who continue to fight terrorism abroad and to all our nation’s first responders for all they do to help protect our homeland, and thank you Alaskans for your faith in America and the liberties we stand for.
As I and the American people wait to hear what the President says tonight regarding Syria, I remain concerned about the Syrian government's use of internationally-prohibited chemical weapons on its own citizens. The indiscriminate massacre of innocent people is a heinous act which must not be tolerated.  Given the incredible stakes at play globally, I will look critically at the proposal to require Syria to turn over their weapons. Moving forward, the devised plan must include a series of binding protocols to secure all of Syria’s chemical weapons, destroy them, and allow verification that such actions have occurred.  While I do hope President Assad cooperates with the proposal, I remain concerned and I know many Alaskans agree that this administration does not have a coherent strategy for the region. The President needs to clearly articulate how this Syria plan lines up with any broader vision for the Middle East and how our national security interests are protected.
I realize that there are many large national and international challenges right now, but I don’t believe we should let the big issues crowd out the little successes.  I’m pleased to announce that my Denali Park Improvement today passed the US House of Representatives and is on its way to the President’s desk for signing. The bill will improve the energy infrastructure in Denali National Park and Preserve and reduce the amount of diesel burned in the park by allowing a small hydro project at Kantishna Lodge, make it possible to build a natural gas pipeline along the Parks Highway, and honor the memory of legendary Athabascan climber Walter Harper by naming the Talkeetna Ranger Station after him. Find out all the details here:
Last Friday, before I headed back to DC to debate Syria, the nation’s budget and the debt ceiling, I was focused on another important topic: the Arctic.  I traveled to the Toolik Research Station about 375 miles north of Fairbanks to see how scientists are working to gain a greater understanding of challenges and opportunities we have in the Arctic.  Toolik is an awe-inspiring place.  See for yourself:
Today, the 9th day of the 9th month, is Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder day – a tremendous concern to Alaskans.  Please join me in raising awareness throughout our state that no amount of alcohol is safe during pregnancy.
It is no secret that I am passionate about the Arctic, but I have to say there is nothing like getting a briefing on the latest science and research on a tundra hillside.  The Toolik Research Station is an amazing place!
Little Diomede is one of the most remote communities in our state - closer to Russia than it is Alaska’s mainland.  Here, things are put into perspective.  The price of living, feeding and taking care of your family and making it through the winter are what’s important on this island.  I thank everyone on Little Diomede for their hospitality when I visited them and got to hear their concerns, and I thank the Coast Guard for letting me hitch a ride.
I have been getting a number of questions on this page about why I am still in Alaska given what is happening in Syria.  Quite simply, I think it is incredibly important to talk to Alaskans, both about Syria and the other issues facing our state and our nation.  I've been closely watching the Syria situation unfold and am headed back to DC this weekend to participate in this important debate in Congress next week.  Until then, I will continue to travel across our state and talk to as many Alaskans as I can.
This morning I am heading out to UAF's Toolik Field Station 375 miles north of Fairbanks.  Toolik is on the cutting edge of Arctic research where they are studying the effects of wildfires on the tundra, how insects and animals live in the Arctic, and working to gain a greater understanding of challenges and opportunities in the Arctic.  Their work is so important, especially as the United States takes on a greater role in the global Arctic discussions.
I am so glad we made it to Little Diomede today to talk with residents there about some of their concerns.  The Coast Guard crew and I were well prepared for Go Orange Day too as we got ready to fly from Kotzebue to Diomede!
This is National Hunger Action Month, and as the weather gets crisper, it is important to remember our Alaskan neighbors.  Today, on my first ever trip to Little Diomede, I'm bringing some Alaskan Grown veggies to residents, because I know it can be hard to get fresh produce on the island.  I know this isn’t much, but I think it is important for all of us to help where we can.
I took Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to King Cove to give the residents there a chance to explain directly to her why it’s so critical to build a one-lane gravel road from their community to Cold Bay.  All they want is access to the all-weather airport there.  I hope the Secretary’s eyes were opened by the stories she heard. Beyond direct feedback from those impacted, we also visited the local clinic.  From transporting seriously sick people on fishing boats to waiting weeks for much-needed medicine to arrive, caring for patients at the clinic is made exponentially harder without the road.  They’re Alaskans, so they do the best they can.  But I believe we can help them do better.
I’m glad the Administration is stepping up to present a clear path forward to Congress so that we can make an informed decision on whether, and how the United States uses military force in Syria.  You can watch the Senate hearing live here:
Very sorry to see the loss of Pepe’s restaurant in Barrow. I've had many cups of coffee and dinners there with the Barrow residents, along with cabinet members and other visiting dignitaries. Lots of stories from Pepe’s have been shared over the years, and I can honestly say it’s become well-known on Capitol Hill for its tasty cuisine and warm environment. My heart goes out to Fran Tate and her family who have worked so hard to build this iconic business at the Top of the World.
So many Alaskans have been thinking and asking about the troubling recent events in Syria. After today's remarks by President Obama, I sat down and thought about where we are, what we heard and what I think.  I share the deep concerns of many Alaskans and Americans about Syria's use of internationally-prohibited chemical weapons against its own citizens. Given the incredible stakes at play globally, early today I was hoping to hear a clear plan from the President for our nation and our allies to send a signal to Syria and other nations that may consider similar acts.  But I heard inconsistencies instead: an urgent situation without a firm timetable; a targeted strike with no clear outcomes or goals sought; a President certain of his decision yet seeking a Congressional vote next month. In short: instead of conviction, we heard equivocation.  After the past decade, I am extremely wary of asking any more of our military men and women who already serve bravely and selflessly. However, I will not hesitate to call upon them when a need arises with a responsible, comprehensive plan mapped out.  I did appreciate the administration saying it wants to balance the urgency of the situation with the Constitutional process. However, if the President wants Congress to act, he should call us back now to engage in a vigorous debate about what smart next steps would be.
Heading to the Alaska State Fair today? Stop by my booth in Raven Hall and say hi to my great staff!
This week I was lucky enough to meet this amazing, vivacious little girl; 7-year-old Megan Traxinger.  She has alopecia, which basically means she is allergic to her own hair.  She doesn’t let it get her down though, and instead uses it to help educate others about the condition, especially her classmates.  We could all learn a thing or two from Megan; don’t let what others say about you shape how you see yourself.
This morning I am off to King Cove with Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.  It is incredibly important for her to see the community and talk to the residents firsthand about the need for a road from King Cove to Cold Bay.  I truly believe this road could help save lives.  I hope to show her that the people out there are just as important, and deserve just as much consideration as the birds that those who want to block this road want to “save.”  This is Alaska, and we do an excellent job of coexisting and thriving with wildlife.  A 10 mile emergency road won’t change that.
Enjoying the Glacier Water at Soda Jerk!
My first Fair food this year: the best Gyros ever!
Here at the Wasilla Food Pantry, they are serving 3,900 people a month - not even including the 19 other food pantries in the area they distribute food to.  That's a substantial increase from just 6 months ago, and with winter is on its way even more Alaskans will need a helping hand.
I am spending the morning at Wasilla Middle School talking to students about their educational future, and state and federal issues.  One of the top things on their minds: how to better use technology in their classrooms to prepare for the job market.
Affordable housing is incredibly important, and here in Alaska there are far too many communities that don't have it.  Here in Anchorage, the new Trail Side Heights Town Homes complex is providing 66 new low income and rent controlled units and more are scheduled to be built.  So proud to have played a small part in making these new homes a reality and we couldn't have asked for a more beautiful day for the ribbon cutting.
I was recently up in Wainwright, and as I do in most all Alaskan communities I visit, I took a trip to the store.  This box of Tide costs $49.91.  That’s the price WITH bypass mail.  Some of my Senate colleagues back in Washington, DC want to take bypass mail away.  Can you imagine what this box of Tide would cost if that happened?!  This is just one of the many reasons I fight so hard for our state.
This afternoon I participated in the Alaska’s Command’s (ALCOM) Arctic Speaker Series helping Alaska’s military leaders improve their knowledge and understanding of the Arctic. This is so important, especially as our men and women in uniform in Alaska are becoming a more vital link in our nation’s strategic defense.
Ted Stevens left us just over three years ago, but his finger prints can still be seen and appreciated all across this state we all love.  Yesterday, we officially opened the new Samuel Simmonds Memorial Hospital in Barrow.  I made sure that Uncle Ted got the recognition he deserves for all his hard work in making this beautiful and very important new facility a reality for the people of the region.
My sons helped put themselves through college fishing in Alaska’s oceans, and my oldest tells me that this winter he will be fishing the Bering Sea.  As a mom, I worry for them.  But, knowing that there are 42,000 Coast Guard men and women out there on the water who are looking after for my sons and all Alaskans helps put my mind at ease.  This week I got to spend some time with these fine men and women at the CG base in Homer.
Happy I could help open the new Samuel Simmonds Memorial Hospital in Barrow today.  It's a beautiful and important new facility that I know will do great things for the people of the region.
Celebrating 26 years with Verne here at the top of the world. We are in Barrow for the opening of the new hospital. Its a big day all around, and I am so glad that after two and a half decades together we still enjoy all our state has to offer every chance we get.
So sad to hear that one of my favorite Fairbanks TV news people will be leaving us soon.  Darryl Lewis Sr., I wish you the best of luck in your new adventures.  The Golden Heart City is losing one of its biggest hearts, and I join all of Fairbanks in saying ‘thank you’ for your work over the years.
Coast Guard Commandant Papp, Admiral Ostebo and I are asking questions about the housing quality for USCG in Homer – about things like space, noise and heated garages.  Little things that make a huge difference for our guardians and their families.
The mess crew on the CGC Hickory laid out a delicious spread and were generous enough to share. Best part of lunch? The salmon!
Aboard the CGC Hickory with Admiral Papp talking about his first trip to Homer and his push for better housing and support for Coast Guard families.
Just landed in beautiful, rainy Homer with Coast Guard Commandant Papp and Admiral Ostebo.  I’m looking forward to talking to them about the vital importance of the CG in our state as well as seeing some of the assets they have here in Homer.  It’s going to be a great day!
Yesterday, my good friend, Jay Nolfi, was presented the Big Lake Chamber of Commerce Lifetime Achievement Award for her service to the Big Lake Community.  Alaska is made better by people like Jay, their drive and determination, and their dedication to the place we call home.  I am proud to know such a wonderful woman.
The Chena Energy Fair really pushes us to think about how to harness the renewable energy potential in our state.  I truly believe that gatherings like this hold the key to affordable energy in Alaska.  Not only that, Bernie and Connie Karl are pushing the boundaries of growing food in Arctic climates.  Absolutely fabulous!
I spent Saturday in Galena seeing the spring ice jam and flood destruction, along with the solid efforts being made to rebuild the community.  What I saw was a real disconnect between Galena residents and the FEMA team overseeing the relief work.  When I told a contractor that FEMA thought the clinic there would be ready to open on Sept. 15th, he said that was news to him and that the timeline wasn’t realistic. I told them to talk so we can all be on the same page and be rowing in the same direction.
I am touring the Cold Climate Housing Research Center in Fairbanks today and learning about some innovative options for sustainable housing construction in different locations in our state.  It's amazing how much energy can be saved with some high efficiency building methods.
I so enjoy the Chena Energy Fair. Every year, Bernie Karl pulls out the stops showing us his innovative energy and growing projects at Chena Hot Springs, and this year is no exception. This ChenaGro unit is an old refrigerated trailer that will allow students in Glennallen to learn to grow lettuce and herbs year round.
Verne and I stopped to admire the scenery while hiking back from a camping trip on the Eagle River last night.  Fabulous views!  Next trip will be all the way through to Girdwood over Crow Pass.
This picture of $47 Tide in Napaskiak has started what I think is a very important conversation about the sky high cost of goods and of simply living all across our state. I'd like to bring more attention to this issue, so I invite all Alaskans to share their hometown price of laundry detergent here on this page. I'll bring this information back with me to Washington, and hopefully together, we can motivate more in Congress to consider smart policies to bring costs down.
The experience of these kids on the water during the Kenai Kids Classic is so important.  It teaches them patience, boat safety, and above all, a love for our state and her resources.  I am so grateful to be able to participate in this great event every year!
A $350 fine for using a daycare using a picnic table? What was the U.S. Forest Service thinking?  I am happy to report that less than a week since I brought this to U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell’s attention, and just two days after I raised hell about it in Anchorage, Auntie’s Daycare in Wrangell is no longer facing an expensive citation and a court date.  Unfortunately, I suspect this was only resolved because it came to the attention of a former U.S. Senator, passed on to a current Senator who passed it to the Forest Service chief.  It ought not to take an act of Congress.  All it required was common sense by the USFS.
You may be wondering why I am not smiling in this picture.  I’m not smiling because this box of Tide is $46.64 plus tax in Napaskiak.  That is simply unacceptable.  Something is seriously wrong when residents of a community in the United States are forced to pay that much just to wash their clothes.
Today’s the first day of school for kids in the Mat-Su.  Every time I visit an Alaskan school, I am blown away by how smart and plugged into national and local issues these guys are.  Good luck to all Alaska’s students - learn a lot, be safe and have a great year!
My mobile office staff is wrapping things up in Hope for the day, then tomorrow it is off to Seward and Cooper Landing.  Then this weekend, we will be holding mobile office hours in Southeast.  See a full list of stops here: http://1.usa.gov/19j09Cx
Can't beat Whittier on a nice day!  My staff is there holding mobile office hours at the Chambers Building taking in this gorgeous view. They're there for another hour before heading to Hope this afternoon- stop by and say hi if you're in the area.
If you've got an issue with the federal government, it's not always easy to come into one of my Alaska or DC offices to solve it -- so we're coming closer to you!  Every summer my staff holds 'mobile offices' around the state to help Alaskans.  So far this week, they've been in Valdez and Cordova.  This morning, they'll be in Whittier outside the Council Chambers Building and this afternoon at the Hope Post Office.  Be sure to stop by and say hi to Eric or Taylor!
Federal overreach in Alaska can be as big picture as ANWR, but more and more, it is the little intrusions into Alaskans’ everyday lives.  I’m fighting it on a case by case basis.  Auntie’s Day Care in Wrangell was a victory, but it shouldn't take an act of Congress, or a meeting between a U.S. Senator and the Chief of the Forest Service, to inject some rational thinking into how the federal government works with Alaska.
My staff is helping to distribute coats and school supplies at the annual HUGSS & Coats for Kids event in Anchorage.  Catholic Social Services hopes to distribute coats and basic school supplies to 5,500 low-income kids today, and judging by this line outside the Sullivan Arena, they are well on their way to that goal.  My thanks to everyone who has come together to donate and help out for this worthy cause.
Sharing some clear examples of federal overreach with Alaskans this morning at the Dena'ina Center and laying out a better path forward. What suggestions would you add?
I picked a bountiful harvest of huckleberries this afternoon while I was waiting for the float plane.  Southeast Alaska has been fabulous this week!
My thanks to U.S. Forest Chief Tom Tidwell for spending the last two days with me traveling and touring the Tongass.  It was my goal to show him the beauty and remoteness of this famous forest and introduce him to the Alaskans who depend on it.  His job is not just about management of the trees, it's also about management of the economy of much of Southeast, and I know he will leave our state with a better understanding of both.
Forest Service Chief Tidwell and I met with a group of air taxi operators in Ketchikan this morning.  They’re concerned about permit cuts by the Forest Service for their flights over the Tongass.  It is so beneficial for him to hear these stories about the impacts rules made in DC have in real-world Alaska.
I am not only to talking to Forest Service Chief Tidwell about the benefits of allowing access to the Tongass, but also showing him the beauty of Alaska's National Parks.  Anan Creek, which is about 30 miles from Wrangell and only accessible by float plane, supports one of the largest pink salmon runs in Southeast, and bears, eagles and sea lions absolutely love it.  As for Chief Tidwell and I, we loved seeing a mamma bear catching fish for her cub.
I am hosting U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell in Southeast because I think it is incredibly important for him to see just how remote the Tongass is.  Forest Service policies that work in other parts of the nation just don’t work here.   
 Yesterday, we made sure to stop by the Hollis Commercial Thinning Young Growth study site in the Tongass- it's an experimental section of the forest where they're trying to measure the effect of commercial thinning on young growth stands.
Congrats Jania Josette Tumey!
Although most of us hate to admit us, Fall is almost here, and that means hunting.  Unfortunately, since the federal government controls much of the land in Alaska, there are undue restrictions on Alaskan hunters.  That’s why I am spearheading an effort in the Senate to hunt on federal land, streamline the duck stamp process and remove antiquated restrictions on hunting and fishing equipment:
A local tradition! The woman who lives in that house always waves with a white towel as the ferry goes by.  Today, I thought I would wave back.
Another fabulous day on the water!  Captain Leighton and I are enjoying the beauty of Alaska on the deck of the ferry Taku and waved hello to our friends on the Matanuska on the Wrangell Narrows.  Sometimes I just have to take a step back and appreciate how am truly blessed we are to live in such an awesome state!
These last few days, I have been reminded that some of the best conversations are held around a fire in Southeast Alaska listening to Humpback whales singing. Now, it’s off to Wrangell on the M/V Taku.  As I travel around our state, I am also reminded that a lot of things can be solved by just talking and listening to each other- fire and humpback’s songs or not.  I think that’s a good lesson for my colleagues in DC.
Sitting down Joe Viechnicki at KFSK Radio in Petersburg this morning to talk energy issues, the DC partisan gridlock (including my efforts to break it) and my upcoming tour of the Tongass with U.S. Forest Service Chief Tidwell.
Meeting with the Petersburg Vessel Owners Association this morning.  Big thanks to the busy fishermen who came to discuss the issues affecting their industry and community.
I toured the Rocky Pass Seafood plant this afternoon.  With 24 employees, it’s the largest private employer in Kake and buys all species of salmon and halibut from the local fleet.  It’s a great example of building up an economy based on Alaska’s natural resources.
Made it to Kake this afternoon where more than 60 residents came to a community meeting to share their concerns with me.  As you might guess, the high cost of energy has been the #1 topic.
Good news today on defense civilian furloughs: Congress has worked with the Secretary of Defense to ‘reprogram’ funds and cut furloughs from 11 days to 6, meaning that for most employees the furlough will be over this month.  We should have permitted this type of flexibility from day one, as I voted for this approach with a bipartisan group of my Senate colleagues in February.
In Angoon this morning, I stopped by the grocery store where they are paying $6,000 a MONTH in energy costs.  Of course, that creates a trickle-down effect community-wide on every bag of flour, package of spaghetti and gallon of milk residents buy.   These high energy costs are simply unacceptable in a state surrounded by an abundance of energy sources- both traditional and renewable.
Off to Angoon on this beautiful Alaska morning to meet with constituents and to tour the regional clinic there.  Then, this afternoon  I'm heading to Kake and Petersburg to talk with residents about some of their challenges there.  After being sidetracked by Mother Nature yesterday, we are back on track today and on our way to another busy August work period in Alaska!
A big “Thank You” to the crew of the M/V Fairweather for getting us to Juneau when the planes were weathered out.  An amazing example of how important Alaska's Marine Highway System is our travel in Southeast!
The accidental tourist. I'm on the fast ferry Fairweather out of Sitka after we were weathered out of Juneau this morning. It's a fabulous day on the water!
I'm happy I was able to spend some time with my friend General Stephen Hoog at his farewell BBQ on J-BER last night before he leaves our state to become the new Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force.  I know so many Alaskans join me in wishing him well on his new chapter in life.
Verne and I were able to attend the blessing of the new Covenant House in Anchorage -- a beautiful building that will be housing some great kids.  So glad we could be there to witness the blessing of this new addition to the downtown community.
There are plenty of divisive issues in Congress, but I am glad to be the Ranking Republican on the Senate Energy Committee where there is an abundance of opportunity -- not only for development of our resources to make us energy independent, but also for a sense of bipartisanship. That's why the momentum for my 'All of the Above' energy plan is attracting lawmakers from both sides of the aisle. Here's a great story about the recent bills we've passed on a great form of clean energy: hydropower.
Alaskans know Alaska better than anyone else, which is why when both the Alaska Fire Service and the Fort Wainwright Garrison advised U.S. Army command that the fire danger was too high to hold a live fire training exercise, it should have listened.  That training sparked the massive Stuart Creek 2 blaze.  It’s taken $19 million to get that fire under control and now I want the Army to reevaluate its procedures and explain how this happened:
I wanted to give everyone an update on the student loan rate fix that’s so critical to our soon-to-be college students: the House just passed the compromise legislation the Senate approved last week by an overwhelming bipartisan vote 392-31.  It locks and lowers the rates for students every year by tying the interest rate to the 10-year Treasury rate, and the White House has already called it a ‘win for students’ so the President should sign it soon.
James Hastings’ story is one of a truly dedicated American.  He stepped up and served our country proudly, then devoted his life to helping his fellow soldiers and veterans.  James takes these warriors who have given so much to our nation and helps them find a little peace in the great Alaskan outdoors we all love.  We owe it to veterans like James to honor them by sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the high levels of patriotism, commitment and service they demonstrate.  Watch James’ story below and nominate a veteran you know for my Veteran Spotlight project here: Spotlight@Murkowski.Senate.Gov
Today my staff in Anchorage said farewell to Major General Michael Garrett who passed command of U.S. Army Alaska to Major General Michael Shields.  Maj. Gen Shields is no stranger to Alaska, as he led Ft. Wainwright's Stryker Brigade in Iraq from 2004 to 2006.  Alaska has the best and most prepared soldiers in the country and I know they will continue to be in great hands with their new commander.  Please join me in wishing Maj. Gen. Garrett well as he becomes chief of staff for the U.S. Central Command at MacDill AFB in Florida.
Eielson AFB and its F-16s are essential to our nation’s defense, especially given Alaska’s location overlooking the Pentagon’s new focus: the Pacific.   I’m glad the Defense Approps Subcommittee approved defunding a transfer for the next fiscal year.  The Pentagon has admitted that the ‘cost-cutting’ proposal to move the F-16s will cost taxpayers $5 million extra in the first year alone.  And now we are seeing mixed signals, with General Carlisle saying Eielson is in the running to house the new F-35s.  If Eielson is so ideal for the F-35s, why think about transferring the F-16s?  I asked that today:
Happy Alaska National Guard Day! Please join me in taking a moment today to thank our brave Alaska National guardsmen who so tirelessly serve our state both home and abroad.
Ted Stevens Day is such a great annual tradition for Alaskans to remember him by -- whether at events together, out in nature hiking, fishing or on the water. To share it with Catherine Stevens earlier today in Anchorage was incredibly special.
Gorgeous day out in Anchorage, perfect to Get Out and Play for Uncle Ted.  I had a great time with members of the Stevens family and many Alaskans! I want to thank my new friend Ayesha with the Special Olympics for introducing me.  Hope everyone is having a great Ted Stevens Day and soaking up the great weather.  Next stop, Fairbanks!
I just got off the plane here in Anchorage and I'm so glad to be back home! This afternoon I'm sitting down for an interview for "Latinos en Alaska."  It's the only Alaskan-produced TV show on Telemundo and a great way to connect with our state's Latino community.
Tomorrow is Ted Stevens Day- a time to get out and play in this state we all love.  This summer of 2013 – one of the most gorgeous summers in ages – it’s as if Uncle Ted is looking down upon us and encouraging us to take up activities that require a little sweat, a little more effort than usual, maybe one that leaves us catching our breath afterwards. So whether you decide to walk, run, hike or climb; reel in a nice rainbow or salmon, take a spin on your bike or just play outside, I encourage you all to spend some time this weekend getting out and enjoying our beautiful Alaskan Summer.  Please join me tomorrow in honoring Ted through our shared love of Alaska!
Congratulations to my U.S. Army Fellow Kelsy Williams, who was promoted to Major yesterday.  I am honored to have such talented people on my staff in D.C. and in state working on behalf of Alaskans.  In this job, you are only as good as the people you surround yourself with, and I truly believe that I have the best people working for me and for you!
The National Park Service knows wild Alaska salmon better than to require high priced eco-endorsements giving us a seal of approval for sustainability.  After I raised questions about their new policy and how it risks taking Alaska wild seafood out of concession stands nationwide, I convinced the NPS director to rethink this policy.
Saturday is Ted Stevens Day, and I will be at the celebrations in both Anchorage and Fairbanks this year.  What better way to remember and honor Uncle Ted than getting out and playing in this beautiful Alaska summer!?  Find out more about all the activities planned here:
Good news for all Alaskans getting ready for college this year -- and in the future: we just passed a permanent fix on student loans 81-18.  This bill is a big deal not only for young Alaskans and their families, but also for working Alaskans seeking to invest in their future by pursuing additional training or advanced degrees.  All of our college students deserve the lowest loan rates possible and a permanent solution.  For too long, we have kicked the can from year to year by providing a temporary patch for some student loans that left us back at square one all too often.  I am pleased my Senate colleagues appreciate the merits of a permanent fix that ties student loan interest rates to the economics of the nation.  It already had the support of the President and the House of Representatives, and now it will benefit those willing to invest in themselves and our nation’s future.
Alaska knows that America needs Eielson.  It's an issue of our national security, the efficient utilization of resources and avoiding needless negative impacts to both Fairbanks and Anchorage.  Today, I testified before the Commission on the Structure of the Air Force and told them they should do their homework before putting a proposal out in public. The Air Force has set off a panic in Interior Alaska through its announcement that Eielson will be downsized in a cost-cutting move that will cost $5 million extra in the first year alone. In Fairbanks, we’re already seeing real estate values sink, businesses have deferred new investments, and teachers are uncertain how long they will have their jobs. Existing mortgages, including those held by airmen, are underwater. And this proposal is being pursued at the same time the Pentagon is thinking about adding operations and missions to Eielson?  To me, it’s just common sense to keep Eielson’s F-16s at Eielson AFB.
It’s National Hotdog Day, and although I am in DC, today I am savoring the taste memory of M.A.’s Gourmet Dogs on 4th Ave.  These delicious dogs are part of my family’s Iditarod tradition and a must for anyone in Downtown Anchorage on these gorgeous summer days!
Today, I visited the famed Giant Corpse flower at the United States Botanic Garden Conservatory with a group of my DC interns and staff.  I've got to say, it was pretty amazing to see- and it didn’t even smell too bad while we were there.  You can see a live webcam of the flower here: http://www.usbg.gov/return-titan And, be glad we haven’t developed smell-o-vision yet!
Alaska is the “tip of the spear” of our nation’s defense- the first line of keeping all Americans safe.  I've been taking every opportunity to remind those who keep the military books this, and I am proud to represent Alaska tomorrow morning during a special Commission on the Structure of the Air Force.  I’ll tell the Pentagon that it should not be considering any Alaskan actions that hinder the nation’s defense.
Even in the 90+ degree DC heat, my staff and I were able to compete in a corn toss fundraiser to help in the fight against ALS. Everyone had a great time regardless of wins and losses. What we really cared about was that we doubled last year's donations!
Yesterday, UAA Chancellor Tom Case, Director Talis J. Colberg and Alaska State Senator Charlie Huggins broke ground for the new Mat-Su Valley Center for the Arts and Learning on the UAA Mat-Su Valley Campus.   This is going to be a beautiful building, a great addition to the growing Mat-Su Valley  Campus and a huge asset for the students there.  This center is expected to be completed in December of 2014 and will seat more than 500.
Tomorrow, my office, my cousin and I are competing in an ALS charity benefit "Corntoss Tournament." So now that we've wrapped up work for the week in DC, we're outside in ninety degree temps and practicing to make sure we represent Alaska proudly.
I want to share good news with Alaskans who are getting ready to take out federal student loans for the coming school year.  The President, Senate Majority and Senate Minority are all saying they have reached an agreement to keep student loan rates low for all borrowers.  This agreement features the permanent fix I sought last week that would tie student loan interest rates to the U.S. Treasury’s 10-year borrowing rate, as the President himself originally suggested.  While it’s not exactly the bill I co-sponsored, that’s what consensus building is about – and it’s a lot better than hiking taxes on retirement accounts to pay for a one-year fix for one type of loan.
Fishery disaster funding, firefighter grants, icebreaker construction funds, tsunami debris relief, Coast Guard operations and considering an Alaska homeport for a National Security Cutter.  I'm so pleased that priorities for our state were addressed and funded through two appropriations bills that passed out of full committee and are ready for Senate consideration.  I also thank my committee colleagues for approving my amendment to reconsider federal flood risk regulations for communities and localities like some in Alaska that have developed their own -- because sometimes the federal government doesn't know best.  Find all the info here:
I welcome my colleagues Senators Rand Paul and Ted Cruz joining me to co-sponsor the bipartisan Military Justice Improvement Act and building more momentum to protect military sexual assault victims by reforming the military justice system.  As the bill’s sponsor says: This is not a Republican idea or a Democratic idea.  This is a good idea.
Last night about 200 people packed the Westmark in Fairbanks to speak out about the Air Force proposal to move the Eielson F-16s to Anchorage.  I called in from DC to talk about the detrimental effects on both communities and about how the Air Force is talking out of both sides of its mouth.  Tonight- North Pole will have a chance to weigh in, and if you can't attend in person, you can comment online at www.keepthef16s.com
I’m looking forward to testifying against the USAF’s backdoor BRAC attempt of Eielson AFB tonight, and about how it will harm both communities involved.  The Fairbanks economy will suffer and will make Anchorage’s real estate inflation spiral worse, as Bill Popp of the Anchorage Economic Development Corportion shared with the Air Force.  Bottom line: this cost-cutting idea costs an extra $5 million the first year alone, it hurts our state’s two biggest economics and undercuts our military readiness.  I hope many Fairbanksans will come out and help make this case with me tonight.
Today marks the 40th anniversary of the Senate voting to approve construction of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline.  TAPS has helped make Alaska what it is today, but our pipeline faces an uncertain future as it carries less oil every year.  A vast amount of oil remains as yet untapped in Alaska, most of it trapped on federal lands.  It’s my hope that on this 40th anniversary of the pipeline, that the nation will look to the north and pay greater attention to the looming problem of losing a major portion of our country’s domestic oil production if more federal lands in Alaska aren’t opened to responsible development.
Our Fort Greely is so important to our nation’s missile defense system, especially given recent actions by North Korea and Iran.  Today I was assured the problems that lead to 3 system tests in a row have been resolved and that Greely’s capabilities will continue to be ramped up – and possibly boosted if Iran continues its aggressive posture.
A lot of what I do in the Senate is cutting red tape and advocating for common-sense spending on vital programs.  Today, I think I was successful in both: getting us one step closer to having a USCG National Security Cutter home ported in Alaska, more funding for an icebreaker, funding for our fire fighters and improving the process for TWIC cards.  Find all the details here:
The F-16 squadron moving from Fairbanks to Anchorage would have harmful effects on both communities.  We already know that it would damage the Fairbanks economy, but according to Daniel Delfino at Alaska Housing Finance Corporation, it could toss the Anchorage real estate market completely out of sync with the most harmful impacts on lower class, handicapped, homeless and those already struggling.
Proud of advancing a lot of Alaska’s priorities this morning in an appropriations subcommittee.  Relief after last year’s fishery disaster, smarter policies for our fishing fleet when it comes to electronic monitoring, fighting tsunami debris and better informed policy for our Aleutian fisheries:
Aviation is huge in our state, and yesterday, as the Aviation Heritage Museum celebrated a Centennial of Flight in Alaska,  I had the distinct honor of awarding Lew Erhart Sr. the Lifetime Achievement Recognition for his contributions to Alaska’s aviation industry.  I am so blessed to be able to travel all around Alaska and meet some truly amazing people like Lew and his son.
NA
I had a blast competing in the Slippery Salmon Olympics- although I had some trouble with the Coke can at the beginning, my partner Susie Gorski make sure out team finished strong.  Even though we didn't win, I love running this uniquely Alaskan obstacle course any time I'm at the Bear Paw Festival!  Carrying that chum salmon in the summer heat was the perfect appetizer for my delicious salmon quesadilla afterward.
An absolutely beautiful day for a parade! So happy to be spending the day at the Bear Paw Festival in Eagle River - the parade now, then some great food before I compete in the Slippery Salmon Olympics. Stop by and say hi if you're in the area!
Congratulations to the 28 graduates of the Rural Alaska Honors Institute (RAHI)! In just six weeks, these high school students raised their reading and math levels a full year and earned an average of 9 college credits.  Not to mention, they were willing to sacrifice some of this gorgeous Alaskan summer to take classes at UAF.  Great job guys!
Not that anyone wonders why Congress has a single digit approval rating, but today’s Appropriations Committee vote is ‘Exhibit A.’ With hundreds of thousands of federal employees dealing with furloughs and concerns about paying their monthly bills, my colleagues voted to increase Congressional Office budgets for the next fiscal year.  What a lost opportunity to lead by example.  This is a ‘No’ vote I was happy to cast.
It's been a tough week for Soldotna, so I am happy to see so many come out to celebrate the grand opening of the Peninsula Radiation Oncology Center at Central Peninsula Hospital today!
There have been a number of Alaskans asking about the student loan rate vote earlier today, and I want to make it clear that I voted against moving forward with that one-year partial fix because I have co-sponsored a permanent, bipartisan and comprehensive solution.  America’s college students deserve the lowest loan rates possible, but they also deserve a permanent solution for all students.  Today, I voted against this band-aid one year fix that would only help some of them – paid for with a tax hike on hard-working Americans’ retirement accounts.  I continue to hope the Senate Majority Leader will allow a vote on the Bipartisan Student Loan Security Act I co-sponsored, which is based on a plan by the Obama administration and very similar to the loan bill passed by the House of Representatives.  I remain optimistic that we will find a solution to this problem, but urge my colleagues to put politics aside and keep our students from deeper debt.
I am a strong believer that individuals should be judged on whether they can do the job, not their sexual orientation – and that is why I was pleased to be able to support the Employee Non-Discrimination Act passing out of committee today.  Like any proposed legislation that affects employers and employees alike, the appropriate balance must be struck between protecting employees against discrimination in the workplace while also making sure employers are not unduly burdened with compliance costs – as well as striking the appropriate balance among legal remedies and redress.  Provisions in this bill attempt to address employers’ needs to run efficiently and reduce compliance costs, specifically prohibit preferential treatment and quotas, do not permit disparate impact lawsuits, and provide a religious exemption.  Improvements might be in order in the form of floor amendments, but discrimination should never be tolerated in the workplace.
The community of Galena is still on the long road to recovering from the devastating Spring flooding.  In Fairbanks today, more than 70 of the displaced residents met with FEMA workers and state responders to get the latest on the clean up progress and flood relief.  I and my staff stand ready to help in any way we can.
Eight stars of gold on a field of blue… Happy Alaska Flag Day!
I am pleased to announce that my second group of summer interns are now hard at work in my D.C. office.  Mitchell Forbes of Bethel, Rachell Gulanes of Dutch Harbor, Emelia Van Wyhe of Copper Center, Kenzie Bjerken of Palmer, Thaddues Isaacs of Klawock, Maggie Graham of Homer, Connor Hula of Eagle River, Kelsey Cunningham of Hope, John Gutsch and Madeline Moore of Anchorage will be helping with mail, talking to constituents and assisting with projects.  I know that they have studied about the legislative process in class, and my staff and I look forward to watching them learn it better by working in the thick of it.  Welcome guys!
During my Constituent Work Week, I spent some time with wounded warriors at Lake Clark with Operation Heal Our Patriots.  It’s a chance for veterans and their spouses to travel to Alaska for a week-long retreat that provides some much deserved rest and relaxation.  An amazing program and an amazing group of people!
America’s college students are facing a double whammy of rising college costs and a challenging economy.  They deserve certainty and the lowest student loan rates possible.  The bipartisan bill I am co-sponsoring borrows from the President’s plan and the House of Representatives’ bill to provide them certainty for this major investment in their future.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed in the Soldotna plane crash yesterday.  This is being called one of the worst aviation accidents in the last 25 years in our state, but anytime we lose someone in the air is a tragedy.  I know Alaskans will pull together and help the families of these 10 people any way we can.
I had an amazing time celebrating our nation's Independence Day in both Seldovia and Homer yesterday.  I was named Old Crab 2013 in Seldovia (quite an honor) and served as Grand Marshal of the Homer Independence Day Parade.  Thank you to everyone on Kachemak Bay for the warm reception!
For over two centuries, America has been the ‘shining city on the hill’ that our founding fathers envisioned – a beacon of hope and prosperity for those aspiring to freedom across the globe.  But as we take a moment to appreciate all that we have, we must never forget the cost of freedom.  Thousands have given their lives to secure the blessings of liberty, and their families have mourned the loss as a price to pay for this gift that we all enjoy. Freedom is indeed perishable and we’re grateful for those who safeguard our liberty for our children and grandchildren.  As Alaskans, we share a unique brand of patriotism and independence. We treat our armed forces better than any other state, as we honor our veterans and the freedoms they defend.  We speak our minds and we think big thoughts – bounded only by the limits of our imaginations.  On this Independence Day, I am honored to represent Alaska in the United States of America. Thank you.
Had a great time touring the Moss Bay Oyster Farm in Kachemak Bay this afternoon.  A lot of work goes into growing these little guys and I love that it's another sustainable Alaskan fishery.
The Kachemak Bay Water Trail provides scenic, fun and educational experiences along the shores of Kachemak Bay.  I was honored to present them with a plaque today on behalf of the Dept. of the Interior that acknowledges the trail as part of America's Great Outdoor Initiative.  Anything that gets families outside and exploring our state is a great thing!
This is a wonderful story that I wanted to share with you as we head into Independence Day. Virginia Spreen in Wasilla has been wearing a Vietnam POW/MIA bracelet bearing the name of a pilot she never met for decades.  She’s about to be 90, and wanted to return the bracelet to his family.  Only she couldn’t find them.  That’s when my staff at my Anchorage office stepped in to help.  I hope that you take a few minutes to watch this video of Virginia’s phone call to the pilot’s sisters.  As we celebrate our nation’s freedom, please remember the families and the military men and woman who have given so much.  Read the entire story here: http://1.usa.gov/12GAzFC
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of George Irvin.  George had an amazing ability to bring together diverse voices within the Alaska Federation of Natives through his work across Alaska.  He was a very sweet man who I know will be missed.
The announcement that the White House is pushing the ‘pause button’ for a year on its signature achievement- the Affordable Care Act- comes as no surprise to me, given the looming expenses and taxes and unemployment numbers on the horizon.  The health care bill started out as a flawed bill that created more problems than it solved and turned into a ‘train wreck’ – and that’s according to one of the Senators that designed it.  What are the problems?  45,000 Alaskans are at risk of losing coverage, approximately half of all Alaskans are facing an extra tax on their health plans and ISER tells us that Alaska’s seniors will have even more difficulties in getting care.  While I have no doubt that our health care system needs to be improved, I have voted many times to repeal this bill because we must start over and find a comprehensive, bipartisan effort that addresses the nation’s rising health care costs.  A panel of Alaskans last fall joined me to say that while there are some valuable ideas baked into this bill for us to build upon – such as coverage for pre-existing conditions and college graduates under their parents’ plans – we’ve got to rethink our approach.  Those Alaskans are the small businesses that the Obama administration claims that they are listening to.  But if they listen even more clearly, they will realize that their ‘train wreck’ is going off the rails.  I welcome the one year delay, and I hope it opens a window to a better solution.
Most Alaskans have no idea what goes into subsistence fishing- the hard work, the traditional knowledge and the dedication.  Chuathbaluk resident Eric Morgan gave me a quick lesson in his smokehouse yesterday during my fish camp trip on the Kuskokwim River.  Read more about my trip here: http://1.usa.gov/1b37qYF
I had an absolutely wonderful weekend on the Kuskokwim River.  I visited fish camps from Bethel to Chuathbaluk and was made to feel like one of the family in each one.  Here at Sam Jackson’s fish camp near Kwethluk, subsistence fishing spans generations with the traditions and techniques passed down from Sam to his children and grandchildren.  I only hope that when I’m 89, I am as spry as Sam is!  A huge thank you to everyone on the river for the amazing hospitality!
Here on the Middle Kuskokwim between Kalskag and Aniak, they haven’t seen many King salmon yet, so they are filling their smokehouses up with chums and red salmon.  They’re hoping to see stronger King runs soon.
We didn't let a little rain keep us from visiting fish camps this morning!  I want thank everyone on the Kuskokwim between Aniak and Chuathbaluk for taking the time to share their stories with me.
I had a great first day out along the Kuskokwim visiting fish camps yesterday, and appreciate Phillip Peter in Akiachak sharing his thoughts and observations about this summer's salmon run.  I'm getting back on the water in a few minutes and look forward to talking with as many Alaskans along the river as I can.
Heading out on the river today to visit fish camps from Bethel to Chuathbaluk.  I visited villages on the Yukon last summer and this year it is the Kuskokwim’s turn.  I know that people across the state are worried about another low King salmon run, so I want to get out and talk to some subsistence fishermen about how it will impact their families.
Today was the final workday for my first group of summer interns, and they gave me a great throw blanket with our photo on it. I want to thank each of them and let them know I appreciate the work they did for Alaska.
These FBI/NSA surveillance tactics have Alaskans angry and concerned about government infringements on our privacy rights.  Today, 25 of my Senate colleagues and I asked the Director of National Intelligence tough questions and want answers.  Some of the questions:  *  Are they collecting and tracking our locations using cell phones signals? *  We know they're collecting our phone logs.  What else are they collecting on us? *  Who has access to these records?  Is it military members, federal employees, private-sector contractors? *  Can you give us concrete examples of times watching our phone records helped avert a plot?
Alaskans are deeply connected to our military community and we salute them for their bravery and courage.  I'm honored to introduce you to Sergeant Tyler Hall - the first Alaskan to be injured during Operation Iraqi Freedom - in my 13th Veteran Spotlight today. If you have a neighbor, friend or family member you think deserves a shout out, please send a suggestion to spotlight@murkowski.senate.gov
There's a reality we Alaskans understand that I make everyday to Americans in the Lower 48 and Congress: the United States is an Arctic Nation and we must seize the opportunities opening up for us in the region -- or risk falling behind other countries, and missing the economic potential it holds for those who prioritize it.
A $16 trillion deficit means making difficult decisions and smart cuts.  I’ve cut my office budget without furloughing employees or cutting constituent services, and today I was able to work with the Appropriations Committee to design a FY2014 Energy and Water Appropriations bill that is almost $2 billion less than last year’s bill – while still providing resources for a lot of Alaska’s needs.
Obesity isn’t healthy for anyone- it can have debilitating effects on both health and health care costs.  Our nation’s health care costs are set to explode in the near future because of our obesity crisis, so I am happy my efforts to improve nutrition standards for our youngest Americans are on track to becoming a reality.   Obese children often become obese adults, so it’s healthy for our nation and economy to nip this problem in the bud.
Today, I joined 67 of my Senate colleagues in fixing something that has been broken for decades.  I have always believed that immigration reform legislation should have teeth, heart and 21st century enhancements – and all three priorities have been reached through this bill. It’s important for all of us to acknowledge that we have a broken immigration system that has resulted in 11 million undocumented workers in our nation.  We couldn’t un-break it or undo where we are today; we had to fix it intelligently, impose penalties and move forward.  I said this bill has teeth and heart.  This bill improves our border security by doubling the number of border patrol agents along the Southwest border and strengthening the fence to stem the number of illegal entries into our nation.  Not only that, it includes 21st century technological rigor, through an improved entry/exit visa tracking system that ensures visitors do not extend their stay, as well as mandatory use of the Internet tool e-Verify to make sure that employers hire authorized employees. This bill also creates a lengthy and costly 13-year path to citizenship for those who already here and places them at the back of the line, to create penalties for those who have broken the law and while not pulling families apart.   We are a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws.  Today’s legislation strikes the right balance by repairing a broken system, demonstrating to 11 million undocumented workers that illegal actions have consequences and rewarding the faith and aspirations of those around the world seeking to follow the correct path to reach what America has to offer.
I welcome today’s Supreme Court decision to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act because the federal government should empower households, respect the decisions of states and otherwise get out of the way.  This ruling represents victories for states’ rights and equal treatment under the law. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5ba7e147-6917-4c8a-908a-60d6daefa3cc
I'm disappointed by the climate agenda laid out by the President today.  It’s full of command-and-control regulations that will drive up energy costs for all Americans, which is is exactly the opposite of what we should be seeking from our energy and environmental policies.  I have seen the affects of climate change in Alaska first hand, but I believe there is a responsible way forward that combines traditional energy sources with renewables.   The president leaves tomorrow for Africa. I encourage him to note what life looks like in parts of world where people do not have – or cannot afford – access to energy.  At home and abroad, the benefits of affordable energy are apparent. Those benefits should be embraced, not condemned.
I’m glad the Supreme Court is going to look at the President’s controversial recess appointments like I requested – two courts have already found them unlawful.  This is not about politics or the merit of any person’s worthiness for an appointment – this is strictly about the separation of powers.  I don’t believe the President, regardless of party, should be able to appoint whomever he chooses to major offices while we are working in our home states.  The lower courts agree with me, and now, the Supreme Court will weigh in.
Happy Solstice weekend, Alaska!  Hero Games in Anchorage, Midnight Sun Game in Fairbanks, or just being outside- it's one of my favorite holidays.  How do you celebrate our longest days of the year?
I am so glad those who fought and died on Attu are being honored on this 70th anniversary of the Battle of Attu. When I visited the site last year, it was as if you could hear their voices on the wind. I hope you will join me in watching this USFWS video commemorating Attu, and take a moment to remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us during WWII. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Tt2wTKdJW4&feature=c4-overview&list=UUMqPAPfBGsDMs2UiD-5Tbbg
A perfect night last night for the Alaska Botanical Garden Midsummer Gala.  I hear they raised some good money to revitalize the Garden, and the mosquitoes weren't even too bad!
Great news for Alaska’s wild salmon today: my amendment to label Frankenfish passed the Senate Appropriations Committee this morning!  If we are going to mess with Mother Nature, I want to make sure Americans at least know what they are eating.  Listen to me defend the health of Alaska’s wild salmon stocks here:
This month marks the 100th anniversary of the first person - Athabascan climber Walter Harper - to summit Denali.  Fitting that the U.S. Senate unanimously passed my bill to name the Talkeetna Ranger Station after Walter!
Alaska: I want to fully explain my decision to come out in support of Americans being free to love whom they choose, and shouldn’t need DC’s permission to do so.  Not too long ago, I had the honor of nominating an Alaskan family as “Angels in Adoption,” a celebration of the selflessness shown by foster care families and those who adopt children.  They arrived in Washington, DC, a military family who had opened their doors to not one child but four siblings to make sure that these sisters and brother had the simplest gift you can give a child: a home together.  We had lunch together, and they shared their stories with me.  All the while, the children politely ate lunch and giggled as content youngsters do.  Given my daily hectic Senate schedule, it’s not often that I get to sit down with such a happy family during a workday – and I think of them often, as everything our nation should encourage.  I bring them up because the partners were two women who had first made the decision to open their home to provide foster care to the eldest child in 2007.  Years later – and after a deployment abroad with the Alaska National Guard for one of them – they embraced the joy and sacrifice of four adopted children living under the same roof, with smiles, laughter, movie nights, parent-teacher conferences and runny noses.  Yet despite signing up and volunteering to give themselves fully to these four adorable children, our government does not meet this family halfway and allow them to be legally recognized as spouses. After their years of sleepless nights, after-school pickups and birthday cakes, if one of them gets sick or injured and needs critical care, the other would not be allowed to visit them in the emergency room – and the children could possibly be taken away from the healthy partner.  They do not get considered for household health care benefit coverage like spouses nationwide.  This first-class Alaskan family still lives a second-class existence.  The Supreme Court is set to make a pair of decisions on the topic of marriage equality shortly, and the national conversation on this issue is picking back up. This is a significant moment for our nation when it comes to rethinking our society’s priorities and the role of government in Americans’ private lives and decisions, so I want to be absolutely clear with Alaskans. I am a life-long Republican because I believe in promoting freedom and limiting the reach of government.  When government does act, I believe it should encourage family values.  I support the right of all Americans to marry the person they love and choose because I believe doing so promotes both values:  it keeps politicians out of the most private and personal aspects of peoples’ lives – while also encouraging more families to form and more adults to make a lifetime commitment to one another.  While my support for same sex civil marriage is something I believe in, I am equally committed to guaranteeing that religious freedoms remain inviolate, so that churches and other religious institutions can continue to determine and practice their own definition of marriage.  With the notion of marriage – an exclusive, emotional, binding ‘til death do you part’ tie – becoming more and more an exception to the rule given a rise in cohabitation and high rates of divorce, why should the federal government be telling adults who love one another that they cannot get married, simply because they happen to be gay?   I believe when there are so many forces pulling our society apart, we need more commitment to marriage, not less.  This thinking is consistent with what I hear from more and more Alaskans especially our younger generations.  Like the majority of Alaskans, I supported a constitutional amendment in 1998 defining marriage as only between a man and a woman, but my thinking has evolved as America has witnessed a clear cultural shift.  Fifteen years after that vote, I find that when one looks closer at the issue, you quickly realize that same sex unions or civil marriages are consistent with the independent mindset of our state – and they deserve a hands-off approach from our federal policies.  First, this is a personal liberty issue and has to do with the most important personal decision that any human makes.  I believe that, as Americans, our freedoms come from God and not government, and include the rights enumerated in the Declaration of Independence:  life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. What could be more important to the pursuit of happiness than the right to choose your spouse without asking a Washington politician for permission?    If there is one belief that unifies most Alaskans – our true north – it is less government and more freedom.  We don’t want the government in our pockets or our bedrooms; we certainly don’t need it in our families.  Secondly, civil marriage also touches the foundation of our national culture: safe, healthy families and robust community life. In so many ways, sound families are the foundation of our society.  Any efforts or opportunity to expand the civil bonds and rights to anyone that wants to build a stable, happy household should be promoted.  Thirdly, by focusing on civil marriage -- but also reserving to religious institutions the right to define marriage as they see fit -- this approach respects religious liberty by stopping at the church door.   As a Catholic, I see marriage as a valued sacrament that exists exclusively between a man and a woman.  Other faiths and belief systems feel differently about this issue – and they have every right to.  Churches must be allowed to define marriage and conduct ceremonies according to their rules, but the government should not tell people who they have a right to marry through a civil ceremony.  I recently read an interview where Ronald Reagan’s daughter said that she believes he would have supported same-sex marriage, that he would think “What difference does it make to anybody else’s life? I also think because he wanted government out of peoples’ lives, he would not understand the intrusion of government banning such a thing. This is not what he would have thought government should be doing.”  Like Reagan, Alaskans believe that government works best when it gets out of the way.  Countless Alaskans and Americans want to give themselves to one another and create a home together.  I support marriage equality and support the government getting out of the way to let that happen.
Alaska’s veterans face a battleground of bureaucracy when it comes to getting the benefits they have earned – and often have to travel unnecessary distances and pay unnecessary expenses to do so.  I worked on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee to address 10 of the biggest issues standing in the way of veterans getting the care they need and deserve:
Last year alone, the National Security Administration applied for 1,856 applications to probe individual’s calls or e-mails – and received 1,856 approvals.  I’m tired of the rubber stamp that has been given for years to the NSA’s surveillance tactics.  As a lawyer, I know you need tangible evidence to get a search warrant for a crime, and it is high time the government is held to the same standard when digging through our communications and media.  Today, I am co-sponsoring a bi-partisan bill  to tighten the nation’s surveillance standards.
My former intern, West Point Cadet Ahmad Nasir of Anchorage, stopped by my office afternoon for a brief visit. He’s here in Washington, D.C. as part of his achievements as a Harry S. Truman Scholar.  I told him I’d keep an eye out for all the great things his future holds as he begins his career dedicated to our nation through military service.
Parts of the bill I co-sponsored to prevent military sexual assaults and protect victims is being included in this year’s National Defense Authorization Act. This is an important first step in a long process of bringing an end to this problem and I thank the members of the Armed Services Committee for including them – though I must be honest in saying I wish they had added more protective measures to the bill. I will continue to be fully involved as Congress and our military leaders work to correct these problems.
The decision a child makes to drop out of school is not something that just happens overnight, but rather over a long period of time.  It starts with a bad day or a tough subject, and over time turns into major frustration.  Eventually, this student is on the completely wrong path in terms of success.   I have a new bill I hope will keep at-risk kids on track and builds “educational guardrails” to help schools identify those children who are starting to miss the mark.
I have gotten a lot of questions about why I am working on issues other than the controversial, headline-grabbing ones that have popped up recently – and I hear you all.  Being a Senator for our state means fighting a lot of battles on different fronts at once, whether those are big, small or in between.  So while I am demanding answers from the IRS and the NSA and seeking better economic policies for our nation, I also want to work on issues that I know will mean a better tomorrow for Alaskans.  There are no ‘small issues’ when they matter to a family or community or a veteran or a child’s education – though they may not make the cable news tonight.  We live in an enormous and diverse state with a wide range of needs and concerns, and I am committed to represent all them to the best of my ability.
Page 2
Page 1
There are no less than 15 different definitions of “rural” in our government.  Let me tell you- no other state in the country does rural like Alaska does rural, but some of our communities are rural by one standard, but not by others. That’s frustrating and inefficient, so today, in the Senate HELP Committee, we were asked to vote on creating a new Office of Rural Education – to create a new level of bureaucracy and use 5 DIFFERENT definitions of rural communities for school policy.  I just couldn’t support it.  I think we need to bring control of education from DC back home to our schools and school districts.
Thousands of Hmong-Americans worked side-by-side with American troops in Vietnam and risked their lives to support our efforts, and I believe they deserve a final honor of burial next to their brothers-in-arms.  I advocated for my Hmong Honor Burial bill earlier today by testifying before the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee.
I just had to share this beautiful bird’s eye view- quite literally- from Kodiak.  These young Bald Eagles followed the model plane as it flew around the island’s wind turbines.  What’s even more amazing- according to the Kodiak Electric Association, there have never been any birds killed by those turbines!  Very cool!  Find more info about the video here: http://bit.ly/13VToDi
Not all American war heroes are Americans. Tomorrow, I will testify before the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee about my bill that would honor Hmong covert operations volunteers risked their lives in secret for our nation during the Vietnam War.  These valiant men deserve the same public respect and honor we give the men they served with and rescued.  I have a bill that would give the 6,900 Hmong-Americans living today the opportunity to be buried with their brothers-in-arms in national cemeteries.
Education for our kids is vitally important, which is why as the Senate HELP Committee talks about No Child Left Behind, I am introducing two bills which I hope would allow for a more common-sense approach to education in Alaska and nationwide.  One takes the education power out of DC and gives it back to the states, and the other makes school dropout grants available to the schools and students that need them most – from pre-K to high school.   Read more about my education plan here:
On a day as beautiful as this in Alaska, it is hard to think about the destruction Mother Nature can bring.  But it's  important to keep in mind our friends across the Pacific in Japan who are still putting together the pieces after the tsunami and earthquake.  As we were reminded by the soccer ball that floated to Alaska's shores and then reunited with its Japanese owner, we are all one in the rebuilding effort.
I am relieved the Air Force is heeding the request from Congressman Young and myself to push back the hearings on the draft environmental impact statement on the Eielson F-16 relocation plans.  Moving the hearings to the week of July 15th gives us a full month to lay out a strong case refuting their short-sighted argument and to paint the complete picture of the impact of this attempted backdoor BRAC.  I encourage every concerned Alaskan to join with me to point out that ‘America Needs Eielson AFB’ in its current or more robust form, to protect our nation.
A very happy birthday to my friend and colleague Don Young on his 80th!
I'm incredibly concerned about the federal government tracking Americans' phone logs, e-mails and Internet use.  Alaskans believe the government has no business snooping around our property, our library books, our phone calls or e-mails — and that our privacy rights are guaranteed by the Constitution.  As Americans, we deserve the strongest defense possible from evolving foreign threats, but not at the cost of betraying the very freedoms and rights Americans have fought for and died defending for centuries.  Our investment in protecting American lives and liberties simultaneously is not a blank check.  I challenged the Bush administration when I believed it crossed the lines on our privacy rights, and I remain concerned about the Obama administration’s apparent expansion of many Bush policies.  The White House’s carefully-worded, legalistic response to this revelation has a lot of qualifiers and vague language, but their message boils down to ‘trust us.’  That’s not good enough for law-abiding Alaskans who don’t want their phone logs or Internet records sitting on a DC desk being looked over by a federal bureaucrat, and I look forward to a thorough vetting of this policy.
Uncle Ted left us nearly three years ago, but I am still asking questions about how he was treated by the Dept. of Justice during its botched investigation, and why those responsible for it had their punishments overturned.  Today I asked Eric Holder: is there any justice in the Justice Department?
I think more needs to be done to stop sexual assault in our military, and I’m not waiting around to see what the top brass decides.  Today, I am co-sponsoring a bill that protects victims from possible retaliation after they report a crime.  We owe it to our military and our national identity to begin addressing these severe problems- even if that means one fix at a time.
The federal government is responsible for an environmental crisis in Alaska – with the ‘legacy wells’ drilled long ago still in need of cleaning up.  If this was a private corporation, the feds would be demanding immediate action.  This hypocrisy is unacceptable, and I think DoI’s plan to have Alaska chip in to clean up their mess is equally laughable.  Today I asked Sec. Sally Jewell about legacy wells and her upcoming trip to King Cove.  Watch:
Why would we move backwards on keeping our skies safe? I'm glad the TSA listened to my concerns and changed their minds about allowing knives on planes. With all the flying Alaskans do, it is good to know there is one less worry about our security – and one less thing holding up our airport lines, too!
Team Murkowski at the Neighbor Works "Paint the Town" house today.  Our Anchorage Intern Cale, Angelina, Greg and Kyle devoting their lunch break to a good cause.
Good things are happening in Mountain View today with the Neighbor Works "Paint the Town" program in Anchorage.  My staff is out there right now helping put a fresh coat on the home of a very nice woman.
I have said it before, and I will say it again: it is absolutely unacceptable that Alaskan veterans have to wait an average of 467 days for the benefits they earned serving our country.  I am co-sponsoring the Accountability of Veterans Act to try to cut that wait time and keep veterans updated of where their claim stands.  That doesn’t sound like too much to ask, does it?  Our veterans deserve better than endless red tape.
I was proud to carry on the tradition of an Alaska-Hawaii partnership in a meeting today between our two states and congressional delegations.  Uncle Ted and Senator Daniel Inouye paved the way for bipartisan support across the Pacific for all issues, especially those for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiians.  Delegates from both states asked that we continue the same type of working relationship Ted and Dan worked so hard to achieve- to not have an Alaska delegation of 3, or a Hawaii delegation of 4, but a combined Alaska-Hawaii delegation of 7.
It’s great news that the Dept. of the Interior has hired 130 Alaskans after I was able to restore the local hire provision in ANILCA recently – this means 30 positions at Denali, 9 at Kenai Fjords and nearly 100 more at different locations statewide. Alaskans live on these lands, and these locals are now using their unique knowledge of it in their new jobs at the National Parks Service, the US Fish and Wildlife Service and the Bureau of Land Management. We have limited budgets throughout the federal system, and I want to make sure we have the best people in the jobs.
Congrats to Jenny Strikler in Juneau!  She was sworn in last night as the first Honorary Consul General of the Philippines to the State of Alaska. A great event with wonderful people and great food.
This afternoon on my way back to DC on Alaska Airlines flight #2, it was announced that I have achieved Million Mile status. I'm told I have traveled to the moon and back TWICE on the wings of Alaska!  My thanks to Alaska Airlines staff for always getting me back home to AK and back to DC safely!
I am pleased to welcome 10 of Alaska’s brightest kids to my DC office.  Duncan Brewer of Kenai; Sara Gomez of Ketchikan; Zachary Minster of Anchorage; Elisha Fields of Kodiak; Sydney Laudon of Anchorage; Kayla Dunham of North Pole; Jackson Landis of Ketchikan; Bradley Bourdon of Anchorage; Ariana Swan of Galena; and William Treadwell of Anchorage all started as first session summer interns today. So many professionals in public service today, including myself, can trace their careers back to their internships, and I know this is just the beginning for these smart young Alaskans! Learn more about my intern program here: http://1.usa.gov/10UmUHh
With my colleagues and Americans nationwide, I mourn the loss of Senator Frank Lautenberg.  He truly was a humble self-made man who plunged himself into every effort he joined – whether through his lifelong commitment to the military he served in WWII, his tremendous success in the private sector, or his Senate career where he had a profound impact on veterans education, domestic violence, international human rights and chemical safety issues.  I know he enjoyed his time in Alaska whenever he visited and I share my condolences on behalf of my state, as well as our veterans, and salute the loss of a member of the greatest generation.
The Celebrity Solstice was the first cruise ship to have real grass! Today on its first trip to Ketchikan, my staffer Sonia Henrick took her shoes to test it out.
Love to see new cruise ships coming to Alaska and the good things they do for our economy.  Today, Captain Yannis Berdos accepted a plaque from Ketchikan Gateway Borough Mayor Dave Kiffer aboard the Celebrity Solstice on its inaugural visit to Ketchikan.
Congrats to Col. Donald S. Wenke on his promotion today to Brigadier General of the 176th Wing of the Alaska Air National Guard!
So honored the Naniaq Alutiiq Dancers performed for me in Old Harbor.  Beautiful dancing in an absolutely beautiful setting!
I am so saddened to hear of the passing of Katie John.  Katie John was an Alaska icon who devoted her life to ensuring that her Ahtna people had the opportunity to carry on traditional subsistence fishing in their ancestral homeland. She was unafraid to challenge any bureaucrat standing between her Native people and their opportunity to fish, whether that was a State of Alaska that didn’t recognize that ANILCA’s rural preference included fishing or a National Park Ranger trying to tell her that she couldn’t fish from her ancestral village within the Wrangell-St Elias National Park.  Katie John’s life was that of an authentic Alaskan. It is my sincere hope that in the loss of culture bearers like Katie we have not lost forever a piece of Alaska’s soul.
My bumblebee friend and I aboard the Lorena Marie.  Love Summer in Alaska!
I ran into the Kodiak Lady Bears at the airport today- they’re headed to Anchorage for ASAA’s Softball State Championships.  Good luck ladies!
Yesterday was an amazing day to be at the Pillar Mountain wind project in Kodiak.  Kodiak Electric Association is the only island grid in the nation using both wind and hydro.  These wind turbines alone have saved KEA ratepayers about $8 million.  Love renewable energy!
Spent some time this morning in the Kodiak woods with Navy SEALs showing me how they survive on their missions.  These guys are the best of the best!
Ouzinkie has a major problem -- their dam, which is their community water and hydropower source is basically condemned.  Mayor Dan Clarion and VPSO Travis Sheppard say its in such bad shape you can put your hand through the rotted wood.  If this dam breaks, entire areas of the community will be flooded.  I am hoping we can find a way to fix it soon.
If you're in Kodiak, I hope you can come by the Kodiak Island Brewing Company today between 4 and 5 to share your thoughts and catch up in their tasting room.  Looking forward to it!
Old Harbor is the oldest Russian Orthodox settlement still practicing in North America, and their church is absolutely beautiful.
This archeology dig site at Old Harbor is dated to 7200 years ago.  They think this was a type of smoke house for seal meat, which would make it the oldest on Kodiak Island.  This people at this location are writing a whole new chapter in Alutiiq history, and they never would have found it if they weren't extending the airport.  Amazing stuff!
The Kodiak Island Community Enhancement Project is holding sockeye fry in this pen in the water so they imprint on the nearby stream and return to spawn when they are adults.  A great community project and a smart way to boost salmon populations in the area!
Just finished a wonderful breakfast in Old Harbor of fresh King Crab quiche, baked Red Salmon and above all, great conversation with community leaders.  A great way to start the day - now we head to the hydroelectric plant and the harbor.
Yesterday in Port Lions I met the oldest resident of Kodiak Island, John Pestrikoff.  This amazing man is 102 and has the best stories.  He had me laughing throughout our entire visit!
A beautiful day for a boat ride from Kodiak to Ouzinkie. Can't wait to get out on the water!
Learning a bit about Alaska's crab species at the new Alaska Dept. of Fish and Game building in Kodiak - it's 4 times the size of their old building and absolutely beautiful!
Meeting with Native leaders from all around Kodiak - the big issue they're hearing about from tribal members is the Affordable Care Act and how it will impact their families.
Just landed on Kodiak and I am looking forward to spending the next few days in the community and others around the island like Port Lions and Ouzinkie.
A beautiful day and a beautiful ceremony at the Wall of Honor in Wasilla today.
As we join in unity to honor our fallen soldiers on this Memorial Day, let us celebrate that we are a free nation, a proud nation, a nation guided by principles and universal truths. Our nation is ever grateful.
A beautiful day today for the 25th Annual Memorial Day Ride to the Byers Lake Veterans Memorial in the Mat-Su Valley.  I have never been to a gathering where I feel a greater sense of patriotism, love for our country and love for those who have served and sacrificed.  Memorial weekend isn’t just for camping and BBQs, and tomorrow, I hope all Alaskans will join me in remembering what the Memorial Day holiday is really all about: a time to honor, give thanks and remember the servicemen and women who died defending our nation.
Enjoying a beautiful Sunday with spectacular views of Denali!
Today, I am releasing my 12th Veteran Spotlight, and this month, it is on Ron Travis of Big Lake, AK.  Ron’s story is one of a true American patriot.  He has lived some of the injustices we have put our veterans through in the past, and has been a driving force in Alaska to make sure we fully appreciate their sacrifices.  On this Memorial Day, and every day, we owe it to veterans like Ron Travis to honor them through sharing their stories, and we owe it to the rest of us to learn from the their high levels of patriotism, commitment and service.
Charging a fee for cars or walkers who cross the U.S. border is a bad idea.  In Alaska, we are so closely linked with Canada that crossing the border is a part of daily life for many to access essential services, travel to jobs, shop, dine, attend church and to visit family and friends.  This proposal would limit that needlessly so I am telling my colleagues to stop it in its tracks.
Today, the United States Army Alaska Command held a special Memorial Remembrance Ceremony on Fort Rich- the first one since 2007- to allow our active duty soldiers to honor their fallen brothers and sisters.  I hope all Alaskans will join me in thanking those who have served and always remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the defense of our freedoms.
As Alaskans, we rely heavily on aviation for our day to day lives.  I want to make sure our pilots have the best equipment possible, which is why I introduced a new bill that updates the FAA’s archaic part certification processes.  I believe this will improve safety, decrease costs and encourage innovation in Alaska’s skies.
Today, I am co-sponsoring a new national toxic substance protection bill because we haven’t updated our guidelines for consumer products since 8-tracks were around.  There are troubling reports of health problems in our state that can be linked to chemical compounds, and I want to ensure that Alaskans are protected from harmful substances in our soil, water and air.
On this last day of school for many Alaskan kids, I want to give a special shout out to the students in Stony River.  While children in other communities are taking their final exams and wrapping up their work for the year, the Gusty Michael School kids are raising money to help keep their school’s doors open!  Way to go guys!
A beautiful ceremony in Fairbanks today on the edge of Monterey Lake to honor those who gave everything for our freedom.  As we get closer to Memorial Day, I hope that you will take a moment to remember and thank all our veterans and their families for their sacrifices.
Thank you all for the Birthday Wishes!  My DC staff threw me a little party afternoon- a great way to end a day on Capitol Hill- with German Chocolate cake!
When it comes to the US Forest Service, I feel like Alaska is stuck in the movie “Groundhog Day.”  Every year the US Forest Service agrees to work with us, and every year we receive excuses.  Now, the Forest Service wants to take back money it’s already given to Alaska schools.   No, I just can’t go back to the schools in Wrangell and ask for vital money back that amounts to a drop in the bucket for the federal government.  Today, I demanded answers from USFS officials:
I got the chance to spend time with some absolutely amazing veterans this evening.  These Wounded Warriors were on Capitol Hill for a sneak peek of NatGeo’s new documentary “American Heroes Fishing Challenge” and I thanked them for their service to our country at a reception Sen. Mary Landrieu and I hosted for them.  If you want to see the documentary, it premieres on Memorial Day on National Geographic.  More info here: http://on.natgeo.com/12ru7jj
America is enjoying a natural gas boom, but we cannot afford to drag our feet on natural gas - both for our own use and for exports.
I would like to welcome to Allison Nyholm to my DC staff.  Allison is filling a vacant and very vital position in my office: she’ll be working on appropriations, surface transportation, aviation and water project infrastructure.  She was raised in Soldotna and is a certified private pilot who knows Alaskan skies and issues well.  Having her on board is a tremendous addition to my office!
Alaska is making history today with the Nenana Tripod going out on May 20- it’s the latest breakup in 97 years of the Ice Classic. My son missed it by 2 days and 1 hour!  How close was your guess?
Fairbanks CBS News 13 reporting the Tripod has fallen!
Praying for everybody in the path of the tornados.  Alaskans thoughts are with you #PrayForOklahoma
Thinking about all the folks on the upper Yukon River flooding or in danger of flooding right now.  I know many communities are prepared, but with record-breaking late break-up, I just want you to know I stand ready to try to help from the federal level where I can.  Keep track of the flooding status of all Alaska’s rivers here:
I appreciate the Secretary’s openness to giving us an alternative to the punitive pessimism of the law, but worry No Child Left Behind waiver for Alaska amounts to little more than ‘regulation light’ for us to have new boxes to check off.  Two years ago, the U.S. Department of Education announced that they would offer waivers from some requirements of the No Child Left Behind Act, but only if states would agree to put specific changes designed by the Education Secretary in place. I remain concerned that the U.S. Department of Education has just swapped the initial rules under the law with new rules that Education Secretary Duncan likes – here comes the new boss, same as the old boss.  I give real credit to the staff of the Alaska Department of Education and the many educators and community members who worked long, hard hours to design a waiver plan that would work in Alaska and meet the Secretary’s requirement. The successes moving forward truly will be their successes.  This plan will increase educational rigor and give credit where credit is due while diagnosing what is wrong with our most troubled schools and put plans to fix them in place. I've been working for years to try and Alaskanize the No Child Left Behind law, but I worry that these waivers are a half measure that replaces one set of federal regulations with another set of federal conditions and requirements.
Ketchikan just broke the Guinness World Record for the most participants in a rainboot race! With 1,976 people participating today, I should say they smashed the record by more than 600.  A huge congrats to the residents of the First City
I want to applaud all the energetic folks who did the Fairbanks Heart Walk in the snow today. But even though the weather is foul they have the benefit of welcoming so many waterfowl and other birds into the interior. A birders delight! I went to observe one of the East Coast rituals of spring this morning - the Preakness. Its raining here too.
My Ketchikan staffer Sonia braved the rain for National Bike to Work Day- I am told it was a long and wet 15 miles.  I know the rain/snow across the state today kept some off 2 wheels.  How about you?  Did you Bike to Work today?
It’s Wear Your Life Jacket to Work Day, and although there’s a snowstorm outside, my Anchorage staff is ready for boating season!  A big Thank You to Joseph McCullough from the State of Alaska Office of Boating Safety for stopping by to teach my staff about all the different types of life jackets out there to keep Alaskans safe on the water.
We all agree that our health care system needs to be improved, but I remain concerned that the health care reform bill is a flawed approach and I think it should be repealed. We're seeing higher premiums, new fees, and now it's looking like a lot of hourly workers are going to see their hours cut below 30 hours. I'm co-sponsoring a bill to do something about that:
No, your eyes are not playing tricks on you- that’s snow outside my Anchorage office.  Needless to say, the bike rental place across the street is closed.  Weather experts say as much as 6 inches could fall in the city tonight.
It’s National Bike to Work Day and I took to 2 wheels this morning, although I must admit, my commute in DC was probably vastly easier than it was it at home in Alaska (snow on May 17th?!!)  Watch:
The first Copper River salmon is in Seattle! This premier wild Alaskan salmon can command as much as $50 a pound on the market there, and I know there are restaurants around Alaska that will be serving the succulent salmon on their menus tonight.   I don’t know about you, but I can’t wait to catch my own!
Let the fishing begin!  Today is the first day for salmon fishing on the Copper River Delta, which means by this time tomorrow, the famed Copper River salmon will be on the market.  There’s simply no substitution for wild, fresh-from-the-water Alaska salmon!
The Arctic is the place to be – countries like Italy, Korea and Singapore realize this; America needs to as well.  We are at the forefront of climate change, development and economic activity, and must balance our Arctic identity and opportunities with the indigenous traditions and knowledge to manage it wisely.
The President’s announcement that the acting head of the IRS is resigning is a first step at restoring trust, but it is the first step of a very long road – the administration has much further to go.  The IRS must address all of the issues raised in this week’s Inspector General report and take the corrective actions recommended, as well as appropriate disciplinary action.  The resignation of one man does little to nothing to remove the cloud over this institution.  The fact remains that before the acting IRS commissioner took his position, the IRS conducted targeted and ideologically-driven reviews of groups that amount to little more than political profiling.  Every question must be answered, every concern must be allayed, and every possible corrective action must be put in place to ensure similar incidents do not occur in the future.  Only then will Americans be able to have faith that this apolitical federal government operation which handles our hard-earned money deserves our trust.  I will continue to track this matter as it unfolds, ask the questions Alaskans want to pose, and work to protect every American of every political stripe from such unwarranted actions by the federal government. This is far from over.
We need to make sure all those who protect us, our lands, and our waters are protected from those who would sexually assault them.  That’s why I am co-sponsoring the Coast Guard STRONG Act- to close the loop hole that exempted USCG members from protections the rest of our military men and women have:
I saw some familiar faces at the Arctic Council as we advanced Arctic policy forward responsibly. Permanent participants were there like Gary Harrison of Chickaloon and Bill Erasmus from Yellowknife, Yukon Territory. Both are part of the Arctic Athabaskan Council
On this Peace Officer Memorial Day, we honor the two Alaskans we lost in the line of duty this year: VPSO Thomas Madole and Trooper Tage Toll.  The bell has answered their final call.
First the Ted Stevens prosecutors played ‘hide the ball,' then their suspensions were overturned, now the Justice Department is seizing phone records from the Associated Press.  Attorney General Eric Holder is answering some tough questions right now on C-SPAN3:
So many issues are unique to the nations in the Arctic Circle, making conversations with our neighbors critical to map out the Arctic future we all share.  The Arctic Council Ministerial Meetings were incredibly well-received and we reinforced our nations' leadership role.
I landed in Kiruna, Sweden today for the Arctic Council Ministerial meetings.  It’s important to sit down with leaders from other Arctic nations to determine intelligent and responsible policy that affects the entire region. We Alaskans know we're on the forefront of everything that is happening in the Arctic, and it’s a no brainer that we have a seat at the table.
I am outraged that the Internal Revenue Service’s (IRS) Inspector General has found that over the past few years IRS officials singled out conservative and nonprofit groups for review. It makes me sick to my stomach that the IRS field office in charge of evaluating tax-exempt status applications focused on groups making statements that “criticize how the country is being run” and who were involved in educating Americans on the Constitution and Bill of Rights.  I believe this is little more than profiling on the basis of political agenda.  The IRS must answer all of the questions raised in this week’s Inspector General report and take appropriate disciplinary action.  Every possible corrective action must be put in place to ensure this doesn’t happen again.  I will continue to follow this and work to protect every Alaskan from any unwarranted intrusion by the federal government.
There is no question: the Arctic is opening up.  Today, before I represent Congress at the Arctic Council, I introduced amendments to make sure Alaska’s ports and harbors are ready for the increased maritime traffic.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms in Alaska and around the world!
A Huge congratulations to the Graduating Class of 2013 at the Manokotak 'Nunaniq' School! These seniors invited me to their graduation yesterday, but unfortunately, I couldn't be there in person.  I was able to send a note to each of them and a special DVD message.  So proud of all Alaska's newest high school graduates!
I celebrated my son's graduation yesterday, but thousands more Alaskans and Americans deserve congratulations these days for this incredible accomplishment!  Hats off to the Class of 2013, don't be afraid to take risks, and keep up the great work!
Beautiful dancing and music at the Russian Cultural Extravaganza at UAA tonight!
Today, Alaska comes together to honor and remember the 64 law enforcement men and women we have lost in the line of duty.  On this Police Memorial Day, we salute them and thank their families for their sacrifice.
I am so honored my Veteran Spotlight project has been recognized by the Library of Congress as a model for the Veterans History Project!  A huge thank you to Alaska’s veteran community for opening up, sharing their experiences and giving Alaskans a window into our wars that we cannot get through news articles or history books:
Congratulations to our graduate! Nic just received his B.S. in Finance from the University of Colorado Leeds School of Business. Woohoo!
My son is graduating college! I'm at Commencement this morning with around 5000 graduates. Julie Andrews is the keynote. Her message: kick butt. She was lovely in every way.
Like many Alaskans, I have been watching the inconsistencies flow out of the administration for months regarding the cold, calculated terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya on the anniversary of September 11th.   Finally, we are hearing from the men and women who were on the ground and their shock and embarrassment at how the administration minimized and mischaracterized the threat to American lives.  This was not a spontaneous event, this was an orchestrated attack that took the lives of Americans trying only to build bridges in a fragile part of the world. We are also hearing that there was a missed window of opportunity that could have allowed the military to respond before the second deadly attack that killed two former Navy SEALs at the nearby CIA Annex.  The American people deserve to know the truth of what happened – good, bad, or ugly – and determine whether and why this inaction cost American lives.
Today is Daniel Heckman’s last day in my DC office.  Daniel is from Fairbanks and he is graduating from Gonzaga Law School this week.  I know this super-smart guy is going places, and I am honored that he spent his final semester of school lending an invaluable hand to me in Washington.  Thank you, Daniel!
The high number of sexual assaults in our military is unacceptable and we must have no tolerance for this.  Our military men and women have enough on their plates protecting our country - they shouldn’t have to worry about whether they will be assaulted by those beside them, or silenced if they become victims.  I am co-sponsoring the Combating Military Sexual Assault Act of 2013 to change the culture of the DoD.
Not only did I meet the Prudential Spirit of Community Award Winners and the BLM State Director Bud Cribley today, I also discussed the positive impacts that drug courts are having nationwide with a “Friend” who walked in to share some information. (Matthew Perry, but many know him as Chandler Bing from Friends)
I again pushed the Dept. of the Interior today to make sure it is going to keep its promise to Alaska’s Native people & I'm going to continue to bring this up until the obligations are fulfilled:
I had a good, constructive conversation today with Bureau of Land Management State Director Bud Cribley about our land use issues in Alaska and possible paths forward.  If you could talk to BLM about one thing, what would it be?
I met two amazing Alaska kids today: Shaylee Rizzo of Kenai and Samuel Allred of Wasilla.  They were were named top youth volunteers in Alaska for 2013 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, and today I got to spend a little time with them on Capitol Hill.
The Interior Dept. wants Alaska to pay for the cleanup of the mess it left in the NPR-A, and frankly, that’s an insult to the people of Alaska.  There is no doubt in my mind that these Legacy Wells are the federal government’s responsibility and today I demanded answers from Sec. Sally Jewell about who she thinks should pay:
Love this story!  It shows the power of a very motivated group of Rural Alaskan young people and the internet.  The students at Bethel Regional High School wouldn't settle for just a Skype conversation after they took the top prize in a national education challenge, and now, they are going to get a very special visit:
We shouldn't force at-risk youth experiencing what most of us would call homelessness to find a homeless shelter before they can get back on the path to employment.  I am so glad the Dept. of Labor listened and amended the rigid definition of “homeless” to be more flexible to accommodate all forms of homelessness for at-risk youth for all Job Corps centers around the country.
I just voted against the Marketplace Fairness Act.  Here in Alaska, we don’t have a state sales tax.  But, the Marketplace Fairness Act is trying to have our law of the land take a back seat to other states that see things differently, and I don’t believe that is good policy or fair to Alaska businesses – particularly small businesses.  I've heard from business owners across the state who explained to me the time-consuming expense of complying with sales tax laws for every jurisdiction in this country – imagine a business on the Sterling Highway doing paperwork to comply with California’s tax code.  Now is the wrong time to create additional regulatory burdens and paperwork for our small businesses and entrepreneurs.
I was honored to have had a chance to speak at the Commissioning of the USS Anchorage on Saturday.  It was a snowy and cold Alaskan Spring day, but the welcome we gave the ship’s officers and crew, and the pride we had in the moment kept us warm!
What's a little weather to Alaskans? Thousands of us are braving May snow at the Port for the commissioning of the USS Anchorage!
Always great to be back in Fairbanks, especially for a fun event like the 10th Annual Spring Ladies Lunch.  Today I spoke about the importance of energy to women: we need to have a secure energy future to have secure families.
My subsistence listening session in Glennallen is starting in less than an hour at the high school.  Remember that if you can't make it there, you can watch live online by clicking on the feature item on my website, Murkowski.Senate.Gov, and that will send you to the live-stream.
I'm having a great conversation with the community leaders of Delta Junction.  It's incredibly important to talk and catch up with them about their concerns, but also inspiring to hear their creative ideas for their region and the nation.
Great news: It is looking like we are going to be able to webcast my 2nd Subsistence Listening Session live from Glennallen tonight, starting at 5:30pm AKDT.  Just head to Murkowski.Senate.gov , click on the 'feature item' photo and you will be sent right to the livestream.  This is such an important issue for our state, and I wanted to make sure as many people as possible are a part of the conversation.
Look who I ran into on the streets of Anchorage: officers from the USS Anchorage.  So excited for all the commissioning events, especially the ceremony on Saturday!
In Alaska we have more energy potential than perhaps anywhere else -- but we face staggering costs to heat our homes and gas up our cars and trucks.  Here at the Alaska Rural Energy Conference we're talking about all the good energy projects happening around our state, and of course, the need for much more work to be done to bring affordable energy to all of Alaska.
I want to extend my deepest condolences to DeeDee and her family today.  Ken was an amazing man and I am truly fortunate to have counted him as a friend.
I just saw the best play at Inlet View Elementary School in Anchorage!  Let me tell you, these 2nd graders know how to act and their play is all about the high seas -- perfect timing with the USS Anchorage in town!
Here at the Food Bank of Alaska, they have food ready and waiting to go out to help Alaskan families.  Unfortunately, donations are flat while the need of our families is on the rise.  Find out more about their vital work here: http://www.foodbankofalaska.org/
Here at the Children's Place in Wasilla, they've seen an increase in child abuse cases.  Tough stuff, but the good news is the dedicated staff here and State Troopers work closely to make sure the kids who enter these doors get the help they need and are kept safe.
I had a great visit with the kids from Academy Charter School in Palmer this morning, where the K-8th graders had some really good questions.  I have a goal of visiting every school in the state to talk to our kids, and every time I walk into one I am amazed at how smart our young Alaskans are!
My thoughts and prayers are with DeeDee Jonrowe’s family as her father Ken Stout approaches the end of his trail.  The Stouts are one of the strongest Alaskans families around, and I know they will make it through this difficult challenge.
America's veterans have a higher jobless rate than the nat'l average, despite their unique skill sets and all they've done for our nation. We should help them connect their unique skills with jobs in the private sector that can fully leverage their talents and abilities.  That's why I'm co-sponsoring the Troop Talent Act with a bipartisan group of my Senate colleagues, and I thank several veterans groups for getting behind this effort, too. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=4bca3ec0-a2c2-4515-909f-c44403b5dfeb
Had a great time touring the Ketchikan Medical Center today- They even let me try out the “laparoscopic arcade!”
Ne Ne’s story is one of great talent, dedication and determination.  I was impressed with all the kids at Burchell when I visited the high school, and I know this is just the beginning for Ne Ne as she rises to the top!
Had a good sit down with disability advocates in Ketchikan this afternoon.  We talked about the impact of the sequester cuts on programs for disabled Alaskans, nutritional concerns due to the high costs of fresh fruits and produce and the need for more specialists in Alaska who can treat traumatic brain injuries.
We have nearly 2,000 Alaskan veterans stuck in a backlog right now trying to get the disability benefits they’ve earned through service to our country.  Nationwide, it jumps to 600,000.  This is unacceptable and we owe it to our veterans to do something.  Today, I joined a bipartisan group of my Senators urging the White House to renew its commitment to our men and women in uniform, and find a solution to this problem.
I'm down in Ketchikan and I don't know what is more impressive - the sun is out on a gorgeous day and we've got blue skies, or the Ketchikan Ship and Drydock, where they are doing such great work.  I thank Adam Beck and Doug Ward for walking me around and letting me have a look.
My Veteran Spotlight this month is on Homer’s Jim VanOss.  Jim is a Vietnam veteran and his life story is one of an Alaskan pioneer who sees the good everywhere he can.  He came to Alaska when it was a young state, and he helped build not only our great oil pipeline, but also our agriculture industry.  Please take a moment to watch his story below.  If you have a friend, community member, or relative you believe has a story to share, e-mail me at Spotlight@murkowski.senate.gov
Spring is here (despite the snow falling in Juneau) and I know so many Alaskans are already thinking about this year’s salmon runs.  As we wait to see what the rivers bring, I am still working to help those impacted by last year’s salmon drought by building bipartisan momentum with my DC colleagues:
A sure sign summer is coming.  Shops in Ketchikan are getting ready for the first cruise ship docking tomorrow, and of course, and all the passengers it’ll bring.  An exciting time for Alaska’s First City!
The Air Force needs training and aircraft maintenance more than they need to fly over baseball games.  The FAA and all gov't agencies should have the flexibility to prioritize their spending to make the smartest cuts under sequestration.  I voted for that idea in February and I co-sponsored the bipartisan Reducing Flight Delays Act yesterday to stop the needless furloughs that have been impacting our skies, and it passed unanimously!
The Marketplace Fairness Act is not fair at all.  As a matter of fact, this Internet tax bill could infringe on states' rights -- for those of us who have decided to not operate with a sales tax.  In case you missed it, I shared my criticism of the bill on the Senate floor a little while ago.  And shared concerns from Eagle River, Fairbanks and Anchorage. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RmMeb7NeqE
I'm now on the floor of the U.S. Senate discussing taking advantage of Alaska's and America's bounty of renewable energy opportunities with my colleague from across the aisle Senator Coons of Delaware.  It's about "all of the above" energy. http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
The snow is melting and rivers and streams are thawing.  It’s time to start thinking about the subsistence that will fill our freezers, pantries and bellies.  I'm having a second subsistence listening session next Thursday in Glennallen and I hope you’ll come and make your voices heard on this important issue:
The clock is ticking to comment on Frankenfish.  Alaska, you have through Friday to speak out about Frankenfish to keep this science experiment off our plates.  Let’s leave 'Jurassic Park' creature gene-splicing to Hollywood.
 
 AP Photo/James Poulson/The Daily Sitka Sentinel
I couldn't do my job without some great people behind me.  Happy Administrative Professionals Day to my support team! Thank you for everything you do for me and for the residents of the great state of Alaska.
The TSA has delayed allowing small knives on airplanes, but Sec. Napolitano says it is inevitable.  With major delays already at the FAA and TSA, I am worried that this could make air travel more chaotic, and I want to make sure we look at this policy change very carefully.  What do you think- should we allow knives on planes?
Had a good dinner last night with my 20 fellow female Senators at the White House- good policy discussions over great Alaskan halibut.  I had originally planned on hosting the dinner at my house, but the President made the last-minute request to host us.  It’s a pretty basic concept: If we can eat together, hopefully we can work together better.
We must make our national campaign disclosure laws 100% open and transparent like we've done already in Alaska.  My bipartisan plan with Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) does that.  Our proposal improves the transparency of our campaigns by bringing this money out of the shadows if someone wants to be a major player in our political process so that voters are better informed than ever.  We worked hard to create the fairest bill possible, and this one is even-Steven:
We all realize that we need to make cuts, but the FAA and most federal agencies can do them smart with a scalpel, not a political hammer like the furloughs going on nationwide.  Instead of looking at the $541 million the FAA spends on consultants, the $179 million they spend on travel and $134 million they spend on office supplies, Americans are facing headline-grabbing lines at the airports. Households across the country make smart budget cuts every day. Why can’t the federal government?
This is a troubling: a rabid wolf found further into the Interior than ever before.  Now the State is warning people in the area to be on “high alert”:
There’s no question that our largest source of renewable electricity- hydropower- is, and must continue to be, part of our “all-of-the-above” energy solution.  Hydro already supplies about a quarter of Alaska’s electricity needs and our state has identified more than 200 promising sites for new hydropower development.  There’s great potential for more hydropower in Alaska and across the entire country, which is why I’m working a bipartisan plan to help make it happen:
Snow on April 23rd?!  I don’t know about you, Alaska, but I'm ready for Spring!
Congrats to Alaskan Eowyn Ivey for having been a finalist for the Pulitzer prize in fiction for her book “The Snow Child!”  She also was named International Author of the Year by the U.K. National Book Awards.
Congrats to the Boston area law enforcement entities for a well-coordinated team effort, preventing further harm done and taking the suspect into custody.  Truly a textbook effort.
Alaskans, you have one more week to submit feedback on Frankenfish with the Food and Drug Administration.  A big 'way to go' goes to SeaMart in Sitka for announcing they will never sell GE salmon on its shelves.  Nat'l chains have made this decision, and now the boycott is spreading to Alaska.  Please make your voice heard to keep this science experiment off our plates, and leave 'Jurassic Park' live creature gene-splicing to Hollywood.
Alaskans are watching the Boston manhunt closely and our hearts go out to the family of the MIT police officer who lost his life needlessly this morning. We hope this search is resolved as quickly as possible, with no additional victims.
I wanted to share my thought process with Alaskans on this week's gun legislation proposals.  Thank you to all Alaskans for being engaged on this issue and clearly communicating your concerns.
The Department of Energy claims it’s committed to ‘all of the above’ energy possibilities, but they are cutting innovative and unconventional fossil energy programs that could really help our economy and energy security. Alaskans want to see a commitment across the board on making the most of all the resources we have, from hydro to geothermal to gas and oil, and I asked the Department of Energy today why they are undercutting these critical efforts for jobs and energy security into the future.
Hats off and thanks on behalf of Alaskans to Brent Cunningham of Sitka, for his generosity and humanity in the middle of Monday's Boston nightmare. He gave his marathon medal to a woman in tears looking for her family. "She needed it more than I needed it." You make Alaska proud, Brent!
Unlike most states, Alaska has to keep watch over two borders - one over land with Canada and another the North Pacific with Russia. I thank the NOAA, State Dept, industry and Coast Guard officials who joined me today in a Maritime Boundary Line panel discussion aimed at educating Congress about boundary enforcement and fisheries abuse. It's such a critical team effort out there, and you were a great, informative team today as well!
The 168th Air Refueling Wing is eager, anxious and ready to take up the challenge of added and expanded duties as military activities increase in the North Pacific region.  I asked the Director of the Air National Guard if the 168th will be allowed to increase their capabilities and responsiveness through added staff and equipment from the U.S. Air Force.  The ANG says they are all for it, and they will work with us and the USAF to make it a reality.
Alaskans have been watching the Senate debate gun legislation closely, because they want to keep Americans safe as much as anyone but don’t believe they need to compromise their 2nd Amendment rights to get there.  We all agree that we want to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally unstable, but there’s a number of paths to the same destination.  A lot of attention has been paid to the Manchin-Toomey amendment, but an alternative has been presented by Senator Charles Grassley, my Republican colleague from Iowa.  I believe his legislation is more in line with the views of Alaskans because it accomplishes our shared goals without adding any new steps or layers of bureaucracy for any law-abiding Alaskan who wants to purchase a firearm for sport or protection.  I support Senator Grassley’s substitute amendment because it strengthens the existing background check process, enforces our already-tough federal laws on the books, works harder to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, addresses gun trafficking and straw purchasing, and ensures our schools are as safe as possible.  I hear Alaskans clearly – and I hear their calls for action and answers to violence.  I will continue to fight for their rights as well as the lives of their loved ones.
I had a great meeting today on Arctic issues with the President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson.  I work with Senators from all 50 states, but Alaska also has a lot of common interests, opportunities and challenges with Arctic countries like Iceland.  The U.S. is an Arctic Nation because of Alaska, and the other northern nations are moving forward on policies - we need to move, too.
Many of Alaska's Southeast communities are dependent on Secure Rural School payments because the Forest Service has completely failed to adequately manage our forests.  This money funds schools and emergency services in those areas.  Now the federal government is asking for us to give five percent back or be fined, because of sequestration?  I told the Forest Service Chief he's adding insult to injury. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=fe2ac154-7e17-48ad-9157-74fe07694773
Good news for our Vets: The Pentagon has decided against a new medal for drone pilots -- that would honor them above Purple Heart recipients -- and will use medals that are attached to existing medals instead.  I appreciate Defense Secretary Hagel giving this decision a second look and doing the right thing. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ec977900-7265-4d84-baf9-30dcd873a307
We're all shocked, saddened and still coming to terms with the three deaths and 170 injuries from the explosion at the Boston Marathon yesterday.  But there were some stories of bravery and generosity that remind me of all the good in people out there.  Runners who kept running to a hospital to give blood, brave people running into the blast to help, and more. I thank them for their selfless responses. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/04/16/boston-marathon-explosions-the-heroes-who-responded-to-the-blasts.html
Along with Alaskans and Americans, I am watching the events unfolding at the Boston Marathon right now.  My thoughts and prayers go out to all involved: the first responders, the runners and the families watching and waiting to hear back from their loved ones.
It takes the average American 13 hours to do their taxes, when you add up the time compiling receipts, reading forms and filling out paperwork. We haven't reformed the tax code since before the Internet.  This country needs comprehensive tax reform to make taxes simpler and fairer for all Americans.  I remember when I brought the stack of tax code books to my Economic Town Halls in 2011 -- it looked like three dictionaries! That's got to change.
We have a real problem with affordable housing in Alaska, and often, the affordable housing we do have is substandard.  One third of the homes in Rural Alaska don’t have running water or flush toilets.  For decades, we have been talking about retiring the Honey Bucket to the museum, but we are not there yet.  This isn’t only a housing or health issue- it’s impacting how we’re able to tackle domestic violence.  When a woman has to return to a dangerous situation because she can’t afford to live anywhere else, it’s unacceptable!
I really enjoyed connecting with young Alaskans at Nikolaevsk School’s career awareness class via Skype this week.  They all had great questions and are thinking about their future, which is a very good thing.  My thanks to John Jones, a student there, for the invite!  (I am glad we could use technology to bridge the 4,000 mile divide)
Congrats to the Mat-Su VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic on 4 years of great service to the veterans in the Valley.  Thomas and Elsie Kopaceski delivered this cake today to the clinic this morning, and Gerri Sumpter of my Mat-Su District Office was there to help celebrate. There's something about having cake for breakfast, especially for a great cause!
Does the president’s budget fund any tsunami debris clean up on Alaskan shores?  I asked that very question today:
This morning, I voted against moving forward on gun legislation before the Senate, and I want you to know why: As Alaskans, we know the Second Amendment is very important to us – so we need to be careful of any policy or proposal that could infringe on it.  Earlier today, the Senate voted to proceed to consider a base bill that Alaskans tell me is unacceptable and the Senate did so based solely on the promise that it will be improved later on down the road through some legislation that has not yet been formally introduced. Alaskans and Americans have seen what happens when Congress votes on things so we can find out what’s in them later, and they don’t like it.  The motion did pass, though, so it is time to proceed onward despite the uncertainty involved.  I truly hope the Senate will consider effective, straightforward and honest ways to reduce violence by improving our mental health care system, keeping guns out of the hands of criminals, and enforcing existing laws. I hope the path improves from this point forward.
All too often, we’re talking about another horrible statistic in our state.  Unfortunately, today is no different.  Alaska has the highest rate of suicide in the nation, especially among young Alaska Native men.  Suicide is corroding our state’s future culture and potential, while breaking families’ hearts.  It’s my hope that this helps, if only a little:
The US Olympic Committee Paralympic Program is such a wonderful program to empower our men, women and children with physical disabilities.  It was my pleasure to visit with Charlie Huebner today, the program's Secretary General, to hear about the new ideas in giving Americans a great, healthy outlet for competition.  Beyond bringing enthusiasm and creativity up to Capitol Hill, he also brought along his nephew’s Flat Stanley!
65 days after the President’s budget was due and over 2 weeks since the Senate voted on its budget, President Obama submitted his 10-year budget plan today – and it adds $170 billion in 2014 alone to our already unsustainable path.  I appreciate him acknowledging that Medicare and Social Security need to be looked at, but his suggestions are tweaks where we need to consider long-term reforms so our children and grandchildren can benefit from these programs.  His ten year plan pushed the real cuts until after he’s no longer President, literally passing the buck – trillions of bucks – to the next person in the White House.
Shimmel sisters: tough game last night, but I know I join all of Indian Country in immense pride in all that you have accomplished.  You have inspired us all with your determination.  Basketball is a way of life here in Alaska, and I invite you to our beautiful state to speak with our Alaska Native youth.  There are so many female ball players here- from elementary school to college- who I know would love to meet you!
I’m disappointed ConocoPhillips won’t be moving forward with its Arctic program next year – but not surprised.  Companies can’t be expected to invest billions without some assurance that federal regulators are not going to change the rules on them almost continuously. The administration has created an unacceptable level of uncertainty when it comes to the rules for offshore exploration and we’ve got to change that if we’re going to end our dependence on oil from the Middle East.
It truly sends mixed signals to Alaskans and the international community that we are standing down our F-16s at Eielson and cancelling highly strategic exercises like Northern Edge and Red Flag Alaska at the same time that North Korea is ratcheting up its rhetoric, leading to the bolstering of the missile fields at nearby Fort Greely.  Our military forces are the tip of the spear in facing threats from the Asia-Pacific region, and we should not be downshifting our capabilities or readiness right now.
As a mom of two Boy Scouts, I was thrilled to get the Energy Good Scout Award.  As I told them at their event: today they are earning the Energy merit badge- tomorrow they could be talking or forming energy policy for the nation’s future. (Love the hat!)
Today, I had the opportunity to get the answers Alaskans want from Energy Secretary Nominee Ernest Moniz.  From LNG exports, to hydro and coal – I wanted to hear him confirm that ‘all of the above’ energy really means ‘all of the above.’
A HUGE congrats to Central Middle School 8th grader Kenny Petrini!  He’ll be representing Alaska at the National Geographic Bee in Washington, DC next month.
Something needs to change and it’s going to take the entire state: every man, woman and child must make it a priority to stop this epidemic of domestic violence and sexual assault in Alaska.
April is the official Month of the Military Child -- because every family member makes a sacrifice in their own way.  There are fun events statewide to give kids a little extra fun and support, and everyone is encouraged to wear purple to show our support for military families. http://m.newsminer.com/news/local_news/purple-up-in-april-to-recognize-children-of-military-families/article_4413547a-9b6e-11e2-956b-001a4bcf6878.html?mode=jqm
The decision to overturn the suspensions of prosecutors’ misconduct in Ted Stevens’ case teaches us nothing new. The DoJ’s prosecutorial misconduct oversight was a mess before the US District Court Judge who handled the Stevens case and his independent master found misconduct -- and remains a mess today. Remember: this decision has nothing to do with the merits of the case against the prosecutors and their behavior; it focuses on an ambiguous internal rule about how punishment inside the Justice Department is meted out -- a rule that different offices within the DoJ don’t understand or agree upon. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=80f569a4-ac66-49db-8c86-56664a100bcc
I love the Alaskan springtime- perfect for taking a snow day at Alyeska. Most excellent!
Today I reached out with the rest of the Alaska Delegation to the leaders of the House and Senate on the topic of immigration reform.  Inspired by the words of our First Alaskans, we expressed our hope that the bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill being drafted by our colleagues be brought to the floor of our respective bodies for consideration this session. We believe this legislation should secure our border, streamline our legal immigration system and provide a clear and responsible path to citizenship for those already here.
This is scary stuff.  The truth is, we don’t know the full effects of the Japanese earthquake and tsunami on our state.  As scientists study this issue further, it’s another reminder that Alaska is on the front lines and we need to be prepared for even more tsunami debris washing up on our shores this summer.  That’s part of the reason I have called on the federal government to form an interagency task force- to study the tsunami from several angles.
I, along so many Alaskans, am watching the news out of North Korea very closely.  Our state would be the first American soil within range of any missile which is why it is so important that our defenses at Fort Greely are ramping back up. We are the nation’s first line of defense and should be empowered to protect American lives.
The heat of Texas has nothin’ on a Fairbanks winter!  Vote now for the Golden Heart City in the Weather Channel’s “Toughest Weather City Tournament”
On live with Dave on the Dave Stieren Show right now.  Listen on KFQD 103.7FM and call in!
Touring the amazing new Covenant House Alaska building today.  When kids enter these doors there will be no question they are loved, supported and safe. It's not only a beautiful building, it was designed and built to be the best and most functional space for young people in need.
Not able to make it to Bethel yesterday for my subsistence public meeting?  You can still weigh in online:
I had such a great day in Bethel yesterday that I forgot what day it was!
While I’m in Bethel today, I am holding a subsistence public meeting at 2pm for as many Alaskans voices as possible to be heard, so we can add their testimony and perspective to this issue on Capitol Hill.  The public meeting will be live-streamed on my website, so click on http://www.murkowski.senate.gov to watch.
Touring the Tundra Women's Coalition, where they advocate for women and children in Bethel.   The folks here provide shelter to about 150 women and 170 kids a year - an important emergency resource for the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta.
In Bethel today to talk with Alaskans about the difficult issues they face every day.  Landing to a gorgeous sunrise, looking forward to a good day.
Its a beautiful Alaskan spring night here in Anchorage- perfect for spending time with family.  Hope everyone had a wonderful Easter!
Praying for everyone involved.  Such a tragedy.
I had a blast at Central Middle School in Anchorage today!  I was there for the 90% by 2020 initiative and I talked to the kids about the importance of graduating high school- then they taught me a few things on the basketball court.
I'm visiting the AWAIC shelter today in Anchorage, learning how they are coping with state and federal funding shortfalls, while meeting the increasing needs of women and children escaping dangerous situations.  Shelters like this across Alaska and our nation are vital, but we all need to be doing more to prevent violence before it happens.
I want to tell Alaskans that I've heard the reports of Don Young's interview.  Regardless of the time or the context, that term is inappropriate and offensive.
We are the rape capital of the nation and we should be ashamed.  We must do more to protect our women, our children, our families.  We can no longer be reactionary- we must be proactive and as a community.  We have to say no.  Marching one day is one thing, but we must march on tomorrow and the day after- we must march together every day to end rape, sexual assault and domestic violence in Alaska.
On live with Alaska Political Insider on Your Alaska Link right now- tune in!
Thanks to all the Alaskans in Anchorage who joined us for today's Choose Respect March. I agree with those in attendance that say so much more is needed. This event is a small gesture, but it's a meaningful way for over a hundred Alaskan communities to be united and mindful of the epidemic of abuse that we must all be committed to ending.
One of my favorite things about coming back home is checking in with our students.  Right now, I'm visiting the Sand Lake Elementary Japanese Immersion program today.  This first grade class is leaning about emotions.  I brought a message back from my recent visit to Japan - they're still recovering from the devastating tsunami there and the kids wanted me to tell the kids back in Alaska not to forget about them.  We won't.
I will be joining Alaskans in 150 communities today in Choosing Respect.  I know these marches are a small step, but if we can raise awareness and give just one Alaskan strength to stand up to domestic violence and sexual assault in our state, I think it is worth it.  Join me today at noon on the Park Strip.
Very glad to be speaking to the Chugiak-Eagle River Chamber of Commerce today. I've been sick at home for days and I am happy to be well enough now to be out and about. I blame the Senate voting until 5am Saturday for getting me sick. My mother always said nothing good happens after midnight, and she was right! At the end of it all, we got this budget which I couldn't support. It's the first budget in four years, but it's not fiscally responsible.
I'm so proud of Alaska's veteran community and honored by all they have done, and continue to do, for our state and nation.  Today I'm sharing my tenth 'Veteran Spotlight' with the impressive story of Jim Vance, a Vietnam Vet and Purple Heart recipient. If you have a friend or family member that you think has a story to share, please nominate them via e-mail! http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b6880fd2-d70b-435e-870d-43ad7cb1a9cd&ContentType_id=b94acc28-404a-4fc6-b143-a9e15bf92da4&Group_id=c01df158-d935-4d7a-895d-f694ddf41624
I’m sure I’m not the only Alaskan thrilled the Sunrise Bakery may reopen for business - not only for the jobs it means for Anchorage residents, but also for that delicious smell of baking breads as I drive by!
Subsistence in Alaska is about more than just food -- it’s cultural, spiritual, and so much more. It’s important to both Native and non-native Alaskans, and I want to involve as many people as possible in a conversation about the its future, so I’m holding public meetings around the state.  The first Subsistence Public Meeting is in Bethel next week:
Happy Seward’s Day Alaska!  What better way to commemorate the purchase of Alaska than with a snow storm?  Drive safe out there- we’ve got blizzard and winter storm warnings through tomorrow:
You don't mess with Mother Nature and Frankenfish -- but if it absolutely must forward, the least we should do is require it to be labeled clearly so people can steer clear of it. Senator Begich and I introduced an amendment on this a few moments ago on the floor and it passed! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq9PSOgWhjY&feature=youtu.be
It’s been a long negotiation- a lot of phone calls back and forth between myself and the Dept. of Interior and the administration- but I am now thrilled to report we have reached an agreement on the lifesaving road for King Cove residents where Interior will give it a second look, visit the area and listen to the residents there.  Watch here:
This video is worth a watch- Everyday I am reminded of how amazing Alaska is!
NA
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of VPSO Thomas Madole today.  His is such a tragic loss to Manokotak, Bethel, and the Alaska law enforcement community.  Please know that I, and so many in our state are mourning beside you.
This is big: today Sen. Landrieu and I introduced our offshore revenue sharing plan, the ‘Fixing American’s Inequities with Revenues (FAIR) Act.  We’re making the investments and putting in the time to bring it to market, so states should get some of the rewards from future offshore energy development projects – including funds to develop clean renewable opportunities.  Under my plan, Alaska could get a share of offshore development money instead of sending nearly all of it to the federal government.  We could use that to boost emergency response capabilities, and construct critical infrastructure- like deep water ports, airfields and docks.
Frankenfish is more science-fiction than seafood.  We Alaskans have been saying for years that you shouldn’t mess with Mother Nature, and now three national grocery stores are saying ‘not on our shelves.’  That’s good news for our nation’s nutrition needs, Alaska’s seafood industry & our wild salmon.
Hands down: this video of an orphaned polar bear cub at the Alaska Zoo is the cutest video of the day!
When Alaskans can get a federal official with intimate knowledge of our unique challenges and culture, everyone is better off.  I look forward to working with new Alaska VA Director Susan Yeager to continue the momentum we have built for Alaska’s veterans:
Secure Rural Schools (SRS) and Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) are absolutely critical programs for many communities in our state, because the federal land they’re built on doesn't allow for local governments to collect taxes.  Today in the Energy Committee, we spoke about why the programs are important and how best to utilize them in Alaska.  I told my Senate colleagues we've got to have some way for these communities to survive.
A huge congratulations to everyone KSUA for being the best college radio station in the country.  The UAF station won mtvU’s Best College Radio Woodie Award over the weekend – beating out a lot of Lower 48 stations to take the title!
I am relieved the Secretary of Defense is heeding my concerns and taking a second look at the “Distinguished Warfare Medal.”  If anyone knows about the value and merit of rank, it’s our military men and women.  I don’t think this new drone pilot award should be ranked higher than the Purple Heart or Bronze Star.  What do you think?
Our men and women in uniform put their blood, sweat and tears into defending American ideals, freedoms and protections at home and abroad and they deserve some defenses of their own. That’s why I joined my colleague from across the aisle to introduce the Military Sexual Assault Prevention Act of 2013 and prevent sexual offenders from serving in the military, improve tracking and review of sexual assault claims in the military & help ensure victims can get the justice they deserve.
A big thank you to Congressman Young today - he is now the longest ever Alaskan to serve in Congress, passing our good friend Sen. Ted Stevens' service to our state. Congrats Don!
I am relieved that Alaska’s Fort Greely is back on track to help defend our nation from missile strikes.  I fought hard to keep the Greely missile Field One from being shut down & now early interception from Greely is more important than ever.  With the North Korean threat rising, it only makes sense that our strategic location be used to its full potential.
Year after year, Alaska reports the highest rates of domestic violence and sexual assault in the nation. These are not only statistics to Alaskans, they are real people. The sad fact of the matter is: we all know friends and families members who have been victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. The fabric of our rural Alaska communities is woven by a network of extended families. We must have a solution, and that solution must bring Alaska’s tribes, the State of Alaska and federal law enforcement together.  I invite every concerned Alaskan to offer solutions and ideas to my Rural Public Safety Initiative by submitting your thoughts on my website:
It hurts my heart that some Alaskans may think I do not fully support protecting Native women from violence with every fiber of my being.  It’s time to clear the air about my Violence Against Women Act amendment, so I ask that you bear with me for what is a longer than usual post.  Point blank: the provision everyone is focused on in VAWA was never intended to address the situation for Alaska tribes.  Now, I realize how the VAWA bill containing my amendment reads. Unfortunately, it does not explain why the bill text is written a certain way, or give any backstory.  Bills are technical legal documents, and it’s the Committee Report that tells the full story.  When you dig into the Senate Indian Affairs and Judiciary Committee Reports you find that they both state, in black and white, that this provision was focused entirely on overturning a US Supreme Court case and a federal district court case that restricted jurisdiction on reservation lands.  It’s a footnote in a large document, but it is a crucial one to be aware of.  The provisions were requested by reservation tribes in the Lower 48 to address problems with restrictive court decisions that prevented those reservation tribes from addressing domestic violence problems.  And the provision dealt with reservations alone.  In Alaska, we have one, and only one reservation: Metlakatla. The other 228 tribes have been described by the US Supreme Court as “tribes without territorial reach.” The expansion of jurisdiction over non-members of a tribe is a controversial issue in our state, and what works in the Lower 48, won’t necessarily work here.  Our solution begins in Alaska – with collaboration between the State of Alaska and Tribes.   Ever since the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010, I have been working on an initiative that brings tribes, the state, and the federal government together to the table to build a workable, sustainable solution for our people. It calls for cross-deputization of tribal or village law enforcement to assist in the enforcement of criminal laws in the state, offering alternative tribal diversion for certain offenses. I will post my ideas Friday and welcome any and all comments on my proposed approach. We can get mired down in jurisdictional fights for a long time and victims of domestic violence will not be helped. Let’s try to find workable solutions together.  The reauthorization of VAWA was extraordinarily important. We know that when it comes to Alaska Native women, we have much more to address. We cannot ignore the ugly reality that our state is faced with when it comes to domestic violence against Native women.
I got answers from USPS Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe about the impacts of budget cuts on Alaska post offices- including on bypass mail, the end of Saturday delivery and any possible layoffs.  Here’s what he said:
Thrilled my bill to rename the Talkeetna Ranger Station in Denali National Park after Athabascan climber Walter Harper passed out of the Senate Energy Committee this morning.  Walter was the first to ever summit the mountain, and naming this station would be a great way to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of his accomplishment.
Today I had the chance to meet with the nominee to be the next Energy Secretary, Ernest Moniz.  We discussed how to intelligently promote research and breakthrough energy technologies for our nation’s energy future.
Here comes Aliy!
Mitch isn't getting older, he's getting better!  Mitch Seavey and his family continue to write new chapters in the Iditarod story.  Today's historic win makes him the oldest winner of the Last Great Race -- just a year after his son Dallas became the youngest champion ever.  Congratulations to Mitch Seavey and his team on this historic and hard fought win!
Congratulations to Mitch Seavey!
We are close to a winner in the Last Great Race- Mitch Seavey is within 3 miles of Nome!  Watch this historic Iditarod finish live on GCI cable channel 1 or online here:
I met with Air Force Chief of Staff General Welsh this afternoon and laid out Alaskan’s closing argument against the proposed F-16 Aggressor squadron move.  Find out more about my plan to both boost our nation’s defenses and save money here: http://1.usa.gov/Xq2WrL
For all the heroics, there are scars that many veterans wear – whether physical or mental – that deserve our respect and attention.  The Serving Soldiers legislation package I am co-sponsoring would ensure that the honors bestowed upon Alaska’s 70,000+ veterans aren’t devalued and that our women veterans needing care for psychological, physical and mental wounds inflicted by their peers must be treated fully and fairly. Learn more about the bills here:
I’ve made sure the 2013 budget requires that the Indian Health Service keep its funding promise to Alaska Natives and helps meet the basic medical needs Alaska’s First People.  These are tight budget times, but I believe keeping Alaskans healthy now means we can keep health care costs down in the long run.  It’s an investment in our most valuable natural resource: Alaskans themselves.
It has been two years since the massive earthquake and tsunami had such a devastating impact on Japan.  The full impacts on our coast are still coming, and I want to make sure we work together on the recovery.
I am heading down to the Senate floor to remember those who died in the tsunami in Japan two years ago, and the impacts we in Alaska are still feeling today.  You can watch live online: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Today marks the anniversary of the deadly Japanese earthquake and tsunami.  While I was in Japan recently, I laid a wreath for Alaskan school teacher Monty Dickson, who was killed along with so many Japanese in the disaster two years ago.  I know our countries on both sides of the Pacific will be remembering those who were lost, and steadying ourselves for the hard work needed to fully recover.
It's incredibly important to clear up the confusion created by Shannyn Moore's piece today -- and I want Alaskans to hear it directly from me. The amendment she misconstrued focused on tribal jurisdiction over non-Natives who are accused of domestic or sexual assault on reservation land.  Of Alaska's 229 federally-recognized tribes, Alaska only has one reservation: Metlakatla. My amendment was introduced to spell out in no uncertain terms that Metlakatla would receive the same rights and jurisdiction granted to Lower 48 reservations.  It was inclusive language, not what Ms. Moore suggested -- and it received praise from the Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Tribes of Alaska.   Secondly, I cannot agree more that sexual and domestic violence is a blight on our state, especially in rural areas, and that what we are doing is not enough. This is why the other language I included in the bill -- but was not mentioned -- was to reestablish and authorize funding for the Alaska Rural Justice and Law Enforcement Commission to provide a permanent forum for the tribes, the state, and the federal government to work together on rural safety issues.  Yes, I said 'fund.' Fiscal discipline is necessary to restore a sustainable future for our nation, but funding rural justice efforts is work that I will fight for as our people are losing their futures through abuse and despair.  I am discouraged by Ms. Moore's research and I am disheartened by the attempt to score partisan points on an issue that should be above politics.
I do not believe cyber warriors should be honored above battlefield veterans.  Combat awards are sacred and I am asking Hagel not to put this new medal above honors like the Purple Heart and Bronze Star.
For starters, I want everyone to know that I do not take down any Facebook messages or posts unless there’s profanity involved.  I think we can have a solid and constructive conversation without cursing.  As for the Halligan vote this week, it was a ‘cloture vote’ to end debate and move to an up or down decision.  I did not support Ms. Halligan’s candidacy and would have never voted for her confirmation.  That said: I told Alaskans during the Bush Administration that I believe judicial nominations deserve an up or down vote except in extraordinary circumstances, and my position has not changed simply because there is a different President making the nominations.
Had a great time meeting Matthew yesterday and talking with him about the great things Special Olympics Alaska is doing for our community.  Be sure to check out to the Winter Games this weekend!
Interior Secretary Salazar visited my office today.  Before he and I spoke, he spent time with Alaska state legislators in town to discuss our federal lands and hear their concerns.
VAWA was signed into law today and will immediately provide more services and support to victims of domestic and sexual violence nationwide.  It was a long fight – and a crucial one for Alaskans – but starting today there are more protections in place.
It shouldn’t have to take a filibuster to get answers from this White House on drone strikes against Americans on US soil.  From Fast and Furious to Benghazi to Bill Allen’s Mann Act violations, Americans deserve transparency and clarity.
Alaskans know that with 60% of our lands owned by the federal government, the Interior Secretary has quite an impact on our state.  This morning, I asked Interior Nominee Sally Jewell a number of questions during her confirmation hearing in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.  She gave Alaskans a verbal commitment to work with us to boost responsible land development.  Listen:
This morning I spoke with the National Federation of Republican Women about how economic and energy issues aren't just political talking points, but rather priorities for women across the nation.  We all want better jobs for our families and future, and we want affordable energy to help us travel, stay warm and enjoy all that life has to offer!
Thanks to all the Alaskans who wondered how DC was dealing with our ‘snow,’ but this is what passes for a snowstorm out here.  Good grief!
The Ted Stevens trial was a prime example of the Department of Justice playing ‘hide the ball’ with evidence – and as a result, two prosecutors were found guilty of reckless misconduct.  I, along with my colleagues in the Senate, want to make sure the government doesn’t treat any more Americans like this:
Many Alaskans have asked me about drones today.  Let me tell you: I am extremely concerned about the Attorney General’s equivocations earlier today about possible drone strikes against Americans on US soil.  I believe the Administration should immediately clarify his comments, explain what authority it believes it has – and specify under what exact circumstances it believes that authority could be used.
Congratulations to my friend and colleague Congressman Don Young- as of today, he’s been on the job for Alaskans for 40 years!  I visited his office when I was 18 years old and working as a Senate intern in DC (can you spot me in this picture?) Don is fighting just as hard for our state now as he was back then!
As the nation prioritizes its spending, we must always keep in mind our oceans.  They are key to our economy, our defense and to our planet's health.  Thanks so much to the Consortium for Ocean Leadership for the Watkins Award today, but more importantly for pitching in with this important cause.
People are saying DC looks like a snow globe - but I think it looks like home!  My Washington, DC office opened early for business today and is giving Capitol tours.
Today the Alaska National Guard honored 5 Alaska Territorial Guardsmen in Ketchikan.  Henry Neligan, Ralph Devenny, Willard Reese, John Reese and Victor Klose received the long overdue recognition they deserve after they volunteered to defend Alaska during WWII.  I thank them and their families for their service
Once again Alaska is on the forefront of alternative energy research.  These UAA students are developing the Tidal Energy Incubator Project in Homer- anther great example of Alaskan ingenuity at work!  Learn more about this cool project:
I got so caught up in Iditarod weekend, I nearly forgot to congratulate Kikkan Randall for making history at the Nordic World Ski Championships!  Way to go!
I love the Iditarod- the sights, the sounds, and of course, the amazing athletes like Hershey here.  Keep up with the Last Great Race every step of the way: http://iditarod.com
Both the EPA and the Department of Energy have an enormous role in Alaska, but I agree with many Alaskans that they need to strike a better balance between development and safeguards.  I plan on taking these issues up soon with the President’s nominees to run these important agencies.
The Alaska Legislature has worked for the past 100 years to give Alaskans the opportunity to enjoy life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; and they will continue to do so for the many years to come. I extend my congratulations and heartfelt appreciation to the senators, representatives and all their support staff on this special 100th anniversary.
Wade Marrs from Wasilla tells me that he can go through 2,000 dog booties in an Iditarod- crazy!
Iditarod musher #55 Josh Cadzow gave me a lift on his sled from the airport when I was in Fort Yukon- today he gave me a lift again- literally!
I love the sounds of the Iditarod!
Ribbon cutting to officially start the Last Great Race
Ready for Iditarod!  Verne, Nic and I will be walking the chute at the Ceremonial Start- hope to see you there!
I am accepting applications for the High School Summer Internship Program in my Washington, D.C. office.  This is a unique opportunity to spend 4-weeks working in our nation’s capital is available to 20 graduating Alaskan high school seniors.  Please help me spread the word to all qualified candidates that the deadline for applications is only two weeks away on Thursday, March 14.  Find out more here:
So happy to hear Albert Kookesh has been released from the hospital and is headed home to Angoon.  Rest up, my friend, I know you will be better than new in no time
Congrats to the 144 Alaska Military Youth graduates!  These young people entered a tough program 6 months ago, and today, they are on a path that I know will lead to good things.  Make us proud.
Today is the final day for Alaskans to comment on the U.S. Air Force proposal to transfer the F-16s from Eielson to JBER.  I believe this move would harm Fairbanks' economy, undercut our state's military readiness and overwhelm and already overcrowded Anchorage housing market and fiscally-challenged school system.  If you submit your thoughts on my website today, I will deliver them to the Air Force. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Eielson-Closing-Argument
The Air Force’s plan to more the F-16s from Eielson AFB won’t save money- it’ll cost money.  Instead of wasting cash on a poor plan, why don’t we bring the F-16s home from Germany and base them at Eielson?  The Interior is the perfect strategic location.  This just makes sense.
This makes my blood boil.  All we are asking for is a 10 mile, one lane gravel road that would literally save lives. We are prepared to give the federal government Alaskan land at a 300 to 1 exchange rate just to get this road built in the Aleutians -- which to too many in Washington, DC seems out of sight, out of mind.  It is frankly unacceptable that we are still fighting for this, but I am prepared to fight as long as it takes for the people of King Cove.
Today I voted to give the administration flexibility in how the $85 billion in sequestration cuts are made.  Here’s why: The Administration has said they do not have the flexibility to make the truly painful cuts, and former Defense Secretary Panetta said last week that he wished there was some discretion built into the process.  So today I voted to give the federal government more judgment when it comes to spending cuts instead of the blunt, indiscriminate instrument of sequestration. We need smart, targeted cuts to begin to responsibly address our nation’s debt.  Countless Alaskan families sit around the table and decide against certain unnecessary expenses.  Since the Pentagon needs to make cuts, is it too much to allow them to prioritize the expenses of combat training over activities like Air Force flyovers at sporting events?  The Administration has been vocal on the threats of the cuts, but disappointingly silent when it comes to allowing for a more common sense amount of flexibility.  This attempt to score empty political points has done nothing but scare Alaskans at home and Americans nationwide.  Sequestration boils down to automatic spending cuts to the tune of $1.2 trillion over ten years.  Smarter, more strategic cuts must be made, but that’s just one piece of the puzzle.  We also need comprehensive pro-growth tax reform, and America must also come to terms with the ballooning automatic federal spending increases and understand reforms are needed to important mandatory programs like Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security to keep them sustainable, as well.  The bill put forth today by the Senate Majority was a short-sighted band-aid approach just to get us through the next 10 months, when we desperately need to focus on a comprehensive approach.
I am heading down to the Senate floor to talk about this week's developments when it comes to getting that life-saving gravel road from King Cove to Cold Bay, and share what the people of King Cove told me during the last two days.  Should be getting my floor time around 12:30pm in Alaska. http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
I am thrilled that the Violence Against Women Act has passed Congress!  This is such an important bill for our nation and state, which is why I have been working so hard to convince my colleagues to support VAWA.  A huge thank you to the folks at AWAIC for their encouragement throughout this process.
Alaska's legacy wells are one of the worst examples of the federal government's 'do as I say, not as I do' mentality. If a private company were responsible for this environmental threat, the government would rightfully throw the book at them. I thank the Alaska State Legislature for inviting me to testify from Washington today about this hypocrisy.
I had the opportunity to meet with residents of King Cove this afternoon in advance of their meeting with Sec. Salazar tomorrow. All they want is a simple 10 mile gravel road so they have access to life-saving emergency services, and Alaska is ready to do a 300-1 land swap with the federal government to make it happen. The fact that we have been in this fight with the Dept. of the Interior for years is unacceptable.  Sec. Salazar must put the health and safety of Alaskans above the inconvenience of migrating birds when deciding whether the land exchange is in the public interest.
I’ve said it before and I will say it again: the Violence against Women Act is too important to Alaskans and our country to give up on.  Today, I am reaching out to House Speaker John Boehner to urge him and the House to pass the bill.  I will continue to do everything I can to get VAWA through Congress.
I just voted against Chuck Hagel to be our next Secretary of Defense, and I want you all to know why:  “While I greatly respect Chuck Hagel’s public service, his military career and Vietnam experience do not automatically translate to leading the Pentagon – especially as it faces 21st Century conflicts and challenges.   “Twelve days ago, I agreed to proceed to a final vote on Senator Hagel because it has been my general rule that Cabinet nominees deserve an ‘up or down’ vote, regardless of whether we have a Republican or Democrat in the White House.  I took full advantage of the work week back home to discuss his nomination with Alaskans, and Alaskans reiterated they share the deep concerns I have outlined.   “When Chuck Hagel was put to the test by the Senate Armed Services Committee, he hedged and equivocated when asked about one of the greatest threats to America and our allies in the Middle East: Iran – their nuclear efforts, whether to impose sanctions and whether the United States should consider governments that do not share our peaceful goals as equals at the bargaining table.   “Senator Hagel knew that these questions – along with those on terrorism and modern warfare – were going to be a focal point and he did not satisfy my concerns and the concerns of many Alaskans. Because of my strong reservations surrounding his first real test, I cannot support his nomination to lead the Department of Defense into a new era of evolving and emerging threats.”
The federal government needs to streamline and rethink our programs to get our fiscal house in order- and a good place to start is with our energy efficiency programs.  I testified before a House of Representatives Subcommittee this morning & called on the Government Accounting Office to review the efficiency programs at the Department of Energy to make sure they’re not redundant or ineffective.
Alaska’s veterans have amazing stories to tell.  Bud Fate’s life story is woven into the tapestry of Alaskan history.  He was one of the first people to strike oil on the North Slope, helped map the ALCAN Highway and he served the Interior as a State Representative in Juneau.  This month I am honoring him with my Veteran Spotlight project:
Keeping the F-16s at Eielson isn’t an Interior issue- it’s an Alaskan issue.  I called the Air Force out last week for not allowing Alaskans to comment online about the proposal to move the Eielson F-16s – and created my own online “Eielson Closing Argument” Initiative for Alaskans to weigh in.  Today, the USAF began accepting electric comments.  You can now email comments to: afcec.pa@us.af.mil .  Include "F-16 Relocation EIS Comment" in the subject line. AF says the comments must include a name, address and organizational affiliation, if applicable, to be considered.  Or you can go to the special Closing Argument section on my website and simply fill out the form:
I'm speaking with state and federal employees this afternoon and sequestration is issue #1.  There are smart ways and not so smart ways to cut a budget and sequestration is not smart.  Across the board cuts hurt our families.  We owe it to our public workers to be judicious about cuts and give them real answers about the possible furloughs that could be coming.
Talking to the United Fisherman of Alaska about the big issues facing our fisheries: Frankenfish, pirate fishing and fisheries stocks.  What do you think is the most important issue facing our wild salmon?
I want to say a big thank you to the Alaska State Legislature for the warm welcome this morning. Now more than ever, the legislature, the DC delegation and the Governor's office need to work as one to help Alaska move soundly into the future.  In uncertain times, I am certain of the Alaskan spirit.
A HUGE congrats to Adriana Latonio from Anchorage- she made to the top 5 remaining women on tonight's American Idol!  This amazing young woman with the big voice is just 17 years old and attends East High School.  Adriana absolutely nailed her Aretha Franklin song tonight and blew away the judges, audience and me.  She has an unbelievable talent and I am rooting for her to go all the way!
The 40 year old Auke Bay Elementary in Juneau is being completely redone. They're installing ground source heat which will significantly lower the heating bills -- another great example of Alaskan ingenuity!
Talking with the good people at the Southwest Alaska Municipal Conference energy workshop.  The problem I'm working to overcome in Washington is that everyone thinks Alaska is rolling in energy.  We may be, but we're not allowed to develop it and we're not attached to anyone's grid -- so some of us are paying 50% of their income to keep their families warm.  This is unacceptable.
Talking with the Downtown Anchorage Rotary about energy opportunities, the impacts of sequestration on our state and working together to solve the big problems facing our nation.  The Rotarian guiding principals are great for all of us to keep in mind: service, high ethical standards, understanding each other and goodwill.
My thoughts and prayers are with Albert Kookesh as he recovers today.  Get well soon, my friend.
This afternoon in Fairbanks I met with the Tiger Team to thank them for their strong efforts during the Eielson F-16 Scoping Meetings.  The Air Force heard a lot of concerns and great comments from the Fairbanks and North Pole communities on its plan to move the fighter jets from Eielson AFB to JBER, and that organized effort was largely due to the Tiger Team's dedication.
The ASYMCA Salute to the Military- a great event for a great organization tonight!
There are so many issues I'm committed to work to resolve back East, but Congress is in recess for President's Day, so I'm looking forward to getting home to Alaska.  I can’t think of a better way to spend a Friday night at home than honoring our brave men and women at Armed Services YMCA of Alaska’s Salute to the Military in Anchorage!
The Eielson F-16 hearings are over, but Alaskans have until March 1st to make our voices heard.  The Air Force didn’t have a way for Alaskans to comment on the proposed F-16 move online, so today I am launching my Eielson Closing Argument project to give all Alaskans a direct line to the Pentagon.
Alaskans like Jody Mathis are a big reason I introduced new legislation that would revamp the short sale home buying process.  No one should have their lives forced into limbo for months as they wait for banks to give them an answer on their homes.
Between my personal meeting with Senator Chuck Hagel and his unsteady performance in his confirmation hearing, I am not convinced that he is the right person to run the Department of Defense. I am not inclined to support his nomination because of his grasp and vision on the key questions of our time: Iran, complexities in the Middle East, and the constant threat of terror networks. I have a responsibility to Alaskans to hear their thoughts about Senator Hagel during my Presidents’ Day work week back home, and I look forward to gauging their opinion.  It has been my long-standing belief and general rule that Cabinet nominees deserve an ‘up or down’ vote, regardless of whether we have a Republican or Democrat in the White House.  My vote today reflected just that.
Federal budget cuts are not just a wolf at the door for this country- the wolf is already inside.  Today I am demanding answers about how sequestration will affect Alaska.
Good to see a little bit of Alaska come to Capitol Hill tonight!  I was so happy to join fisherman, chefs and seafood suppliers to talk about how important it is to defending our nation’s sustainable fisheries.  Great food, great beer, great people.
A small win today in our fight against Frankenfish.  The FDA just announced they have heard Alaskans' concerns, along with those of hundreds of consumer, environmental and religious groups, and are extending the Frankenfish comment period an extra sixty days til April 26th.  Please keep weighing in, and invite others to join us as we try to keep GE salmon off our shelves.
Heading into the House chamber sit with my Senate colleague Mark Udall, a Democrat from Colorado, for the State of the Union.  Let’s move our country forward together- sitting together is a small step toward that goal.
Just say NO to Frankenfish!  A big thank you to the Sitka Conservation Society for these great pictures!
Great pictures from Sitka's Say No to GMO Salmon rally this weekend!  I have been fighting Frankenfish for years and I love to see this kind of community involvement.  If you want to weigh in, make sure to have your comments to the FDA by the 25th.
The Violence Against Women Act just passed the Senate by a vote of 78-22.  I am so glad my fellow Senators agreed in a bipartisan way to say “yes” to this important piece of legislation!
The Violence Against Women Act saves lives & you don’t give up when the cause is right.  I have heard from Alaskans across the state about how important this bill is, and today, I urged my Senate colleagues to vote “yea” on VAWA.
Congrats to Allen Moore on his Yukon Quest win!  I can’t wait until the Last Great Race- 19 days to go.
Sequestration is scheduled to hit in 3 weeks and we still don’t know exactly what the impact will be for our military, our schools and so much of our state.  I am glad that the hearing I urged has been scheduled for next Thursday and I plan to finally get answers for Alaska.
The North Pole High School auditorium is packed and my live web stream is up and running!  Watch the last Eielson F-16 Scoping Meeting here: http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
We ended last night's Eielson F-16 scoping meeting in Fairbanks with fiery testimony from Bernie Karl.  Tonight is the last meeting at North Pole High School.  Come out and show your support to keep the F-16s at Eielson!  Doors open at 6 and the Air Force presentation starts at 7.
Alright, Alaska - one more Air Force Eielson Scoping Hearing to give North Pole a chance to weigh in on the F-16 Aggressor squadron proposed move.  After two successful livestreams to Alaskans yesterday, my tech team is going to do everything they can to stream it live tonight from North Pole High School, starting after 6pm AKST. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
As the Senate considers the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization bill, I urged my colleagues to support it today.  I told them 'You don’t give up when the cause is right, and this is far too important to too many around the country.' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnIDJOCCqyA&feature=youtu.be
Top of the morning from the top of the world!  My fish staffer has been at the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission Annual Convention in Barrow this week, where it’s been in the negative teens and twenties this week, to get the latest from the whaling communities.
The Eielson F-16 Scoping Meeting is going on right now at the Princess Hotel in Fairbanks.  If you can't make it, watch a live web stream on my website: http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
These guys broke out the "America Needs Eielson" shirts from the last time the Air Force tried to shut down Eielson AFB in 2005.  I'm joining the Interior community in once again trying to stop it.
Hundreds of Interior residents turned out in the middle of the day for the first Eielson Scoping meeting in Fairbanks- a sea of red in support of keeping the F-16s at Eielson AFB!
Thanks to my staff and their tech abilities, I'm proud to livestream today's Eielson Scoping Hearings for everyone online. This site's video will go live at 12:15pm, AKT, or when the presentations begin.  We must get our point across that America Needs a Robust Eielson. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Social-Media
I have a new plan for our energy future.  I call it Energy 20/20: a big-picture vision for a comprehensive energy policy as we look toward 2020: renewables, offshore, ANWR, NPR-A, climate change & more.  Read all the details here: 1.usa.gov/WpwWkV
I am proud to have just voted to proceed to a final vote on the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization bill I co-sponsored.  This delivers critical services and care to the most vulnerable Alaskans, and I hope we get the final vote this week.
I am proudly wearing red today to celebrate the American Heart Association’s Go Red for Women Day. Today marks ten passionate years of “Going Red”, and I’m honored to participate in this continued fight against cardiovascular disease.
I joined 78 of my colleagues to oppose a 100% ban on selling any military hardware to Egypt.  I understand that there are many concerns regarding Egypt’s stability, but I believe that completely pulling out could create an opening for unfriendly nations to step in, which could make the dangerous situation even worse.
My D.C. staff is Going Red for Women today!
I am extremely proud to co-sponsor the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act.  From Kenai to Ketchikan, Anchorage to Dillingham, this bill has been crucial in providing Alaska women what they need when they need it most.  Over the next few weeks, I will be working hard to convince my colleagues to pass this important piece of legislation.
I voted for today’s Debt Limit Bill so we will honor our obligations and commit to sit down together to finally pass a budget that will curb our appetite for spending, provide a comprehensive plan to cut spending, reform mandatory spending and overhaul our tax code. This isn’t a Democratic problem or a Republican problem, it’s an American problem and we will all have to tighten our belts to move forward together.
Tomorrow is Alaska Wear Red Day!  I’ll be wearing my red- will you?
We need to bring both parties together to get things done.  For the 3rd year in a row, my colleague Mark Udall and I are calling on all members of Congress to join us for this small but meaningful gesture- sit together for the State of the Union.  If we sit together, we talk together, and that makes it easier to work together for our country.
The Mat-Su Project Homeless Connect just wrapped up- good people helping homeless Alaskans in our community.  A big thank you to all the volunteers, including Gerri from my Mat-Su office, who gave up part of their day to lend a hand.
I was recently visited by an Alaskan educator who raised concerns that food at school was being wasted due to federal limitations. Today I read an interesting article about how one group of college students saw the food being thrown out at their school and wondered if it has to be that way.  Something to think about…
It's a packed house at the annual AEDC Economic Forecast Luncheon today.  As we learn about what the year ahead holds for Alaska's largest city, I am working on new legislation that will transfer ownership of 3 pieces of land in Downtown Anchorage from the federal government to the Muni- providing new opportunities for economic development in Anchorage.
Looks like the cold snap that enveloped most of our state has broken, at least a bit.  Hopefully everyone’s pipes, fuel bills, fingers and toes fared OK.  Now the blizzards and freezing rain begin.  Stay safe out there!
I was so honored to receive the United States Navy’s Distinguished Public Service Award from U.S. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus today that I was speechless- that never happens!
I am so glad to see this project moving forward- we need to tackle the problem of suicide in our state from all fronts.  Evon Peter is doing good things in Interior Alaska and now his “We Breathe Again” project is getting national attention:
We don’t refer to it as Mt. McKinley we just call it “Denali.”  That’s what we’ve always called it.  Denali is an Athabascan word and it means “The High One.”  And as you think about this incredible mountain, you think that’s pretty appropriately named. All my bill I introduced today would do is make that name official:  http://1.usa.gov/115rRCn
I always enjoy having young Alaskans contribute in my Washington, DC office -- they bring such energy and creativity.  Today is the first day of the Senate's spring page program, and I'm proud to introduce Kathryn Robinson of Fairbanks who is going to do important work for my office through June. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=d3564bff-a60c-4939-b544-0ac4f8214a9f
Our soldiers are trained to be the best of the best.  Why shouldn't their training to operate large commercial-sized vehicles in the military count toward count towards professional certification for trucks once they get back home?  That’s what I’m asking today as I try to streamline the process for civilian certification and most importantly- jobs- when our heroes come home.
Father Norman Elliott is an amazing man with an amazing story.  In my Veteran Spotlight, he gives a firsthand account of WWII- as he put it- the good and the not so good.  If you have a few minutes this Friday, please consider watching his story- let’s not forget what the Greatest Generation did for our nation, and our world.
America needs Eielson, plain and simple.  I have been speaking out against hasty decisions based on faulty numbers and reasoning that could damage the Air Force’s mission or Alaskan economy, and today, I am introducing a new bill that will ensure due diligence is done before any big changes to Eielson AFB.
I think America is realizing it’s way past time for the Senate to seriously discuss our nation’s mental health care. Today the HELP Committee. where I serve. took on the issue for the first time since 2007.  I raised questions on early detection and complete, thorough treatment for young Americans.
Calling onto the Dave Stieren Show on KFQD from D.C. right now to talk about the Keystone XL Pipeline, a new honor for Uncle Ted and everything else going on in Washington.  Tune in if you can!
I am so happy to welcome Angelina Burney to my Anchorage office!  She has the unique ability to see government from all perspectives – federal, state and the private sector.  I am thrilled Angelina has joined my team and I know that she will be able to hit the ground running as work picks up in this 113th Congressional Session.
Proud to be among a bipartisan group of Senators urging the President to move forward on the Keystone XL pipeline.
My Morning Meeting is back up and online.  Today’s topics? Secretary of State Hillary Clinton answers questions about the Benghazi attack and we have a new bipartisan push for the Keystone XL Pipeline.
As we honor Dr. Martin Luther King today, I am reminded of one of his lesser-known quotes: It is “the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” We Alaskans know about being pushed to the limits and succeeding.  Our ambition and fortitude makes us the special state we are today.  Like Dr. King, I believe that life begins at the edge of our comfort zone; we should not back away from new challenges, we should see these opportunities as the cost of progress and improvement.
People as far as the eye can see.  It's awe-inspiring to see this many Americans and Alaskans coming together and filling our nation's capital for the festivities.
Fixed the picture, everyone. If you're looking for me from home, I'm down on the main level -- next to Sen. Bill Nelson and his safety orange hunting cap.
The Kuskokwim 300 Sled Dog Race starts tonight at 6:30pm in Bethel.  Big name mushers and some impressive up-and-comers will be racing teams of amazing animal athletes in this Iditarod qualifier.  Follow all the action live here: www.K300.org
I greatly appreciated the opportunity to visit the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant and gain a better understanding of the current situation, the work that has been accomplished, and the challenges ahead. Until you see the level of destruction and impact that the tsunami had in person it’s difficult to fully fathom the magnitude of issues facing the people of Japan.  I have tremendous respect for the employees on-site who are working around the clock to stabilize and clean up the area.  The eyes of the world are on them and they are dedicated to completing their work in a professional and effective manner.  While much has been accomplished, including the cold shut-down of Units 1-3 and a significant reduction of emission levels, there is more to be done. This is not a project that will be completed in a couple of years, but rather a couple of decades if not beyond.  I know that the United States stands ready to assist where possible including the deployment of existing technologies and the development of technologies not yet available.
Travelling from Tokyo to Fukushima today to view the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power facilities. I had nonstop meetings yesterday discussing US-Japan alliance and energy issues, reminding the Japanese that Alaska has much to offer, particularly natural gas.
Alaskans have mourned with all Americans at the tragic, senseless deaths in recent years but we do not believe those emotions should cloud our resolve to protect our Constitutional right to bear arms.  I have spoken with gun owners, shopkeepers and hunters in Alaska in recent weeks and share their concerns that the rights and opinions of responsible citizens are not being fully respected in this conversation.  Today's announcement from the President, and his directions to Congress, further feed those concerns.   Alaska has shared the pain experienced by people of Newtown, Columbine, and other communities around the country.  We suffered a tragic school shooting in Bethel in 1997.  So while I appreciate the President's input in the name of school safety, I want Alaskans to know this needs to be a far wider discussion, and Congress is the rightful place for laws to be debated fully and crafted.  Where there are improvements to make or safeguards to add to our laws -- including safety in public places, mental health care improvements and addressing violent entertainment -- I am ready to work with my Congressional colleagues to protect both Alaskans and our Constitution.
There are a lot of big issues on the national stage right now, but there are still small victories out there for our state.  The US Coast Guard Cutter Storis helped shape Alaska - protecting our wild fish stocks from foreign vessels, aiding tsunami-stricken communities after the 1964 earthquake and even delivering vital supplies for the Trans-Alaska pipeline.  The National Park Service has put the Storis on the National Register of Historic Places, and now I hope this piece of Alaskan history will return home to our state: http://1.usa.gov/V2KDUn
A warm welcome home to the 120 soldiers with B Company, 1-143rd Infantry Airborne Regiment.  The Bethel-based unit just spent a year in Afghanistan.  Thank you for your service- we are so glad you are home safe!
Honored to help dedicate the new Seward Community Library Museum tonight!
If you're applying for the PFD this weekend, don’t forget to Pick. Click. Give. If you're able.  It's a great way for all of us to support the causes and non-profit groups we care about!
We've got some real challenges facing our nation right now.  Folks at the Sterling Senior Center on the Kenai Peninsula are worried about the national deficit, Medicare, Social Security and threats to the 2nd Amendment.  What do you think is the biggest issue facing us, Alaska?
I think the FDA was trying to slip one by us when it released its report and opened up public comment on Frankenfish just before Christmas and during a Congressional transition.  We need to extend the public comment period on this to allow more Alaskans and Americans to weigh in and so that Congress can file legislation to fight this – and I am glad a “Coastal Coalition” is building from the Pacific and Atlantic to work together.
Thanks so much to the Kenai/Soldotna Chambers of Commerce for letting me catch up with them and talk to a joint meeting today!
I got a chance to meet a group of Soldotna High students who will be entering the elite ranks of our armed forces when they finish high school.  So proud of them!
Every time I travel in our state, I make a point of visiting schools to talk to Alaska's future- our kids.  Today, I got a chance to visit with the Soldotna High School Honors History class and the student council.  I am very impressed by the questions these young people asked and their knowledge of the issues facing our nation and our state!
On the air with Duane Bannock on KSRM Radio Kenai right now. Tune in live here: http://radiokenai.net
There's yet another internet myth going around about members of Congress that needs to be debunked. This one suggests that the kids of members of Congress don't have to repay student loans. Wow! Couldn't be further from the truth. No member of Congress, nor any of their family gets a pass on student loan repayment or special consideration on any loan. There is a program that allows federal employees - including Congressional staffers - to participate in a student loan repayment program. There's a good explanation of how that program works on Snopes.  Another myth that is circulating is that members of Congress exempted themselves from the healthcare reform law. Again, not true. I have access to the same health care plan as any federal employee. There's no special plan for Senators. And I will be subject to the same requirements under the health care law that everybody else faces. There are no exemptions for members of Congress. A couple good sites to confirm this are Factcheck and Roll Call.  Please share this information with others to help set the record straight. While Congress hasn't done much lately to improve its image in the public’s eye, there's no need to make it worse by spreading information that is clearly false.
Having a great time catching up with Bob and Mark right now on KWHL-FM in Anchorage.  Listen in if you can.
I am in Fairbanks today and got a chance to catch up with UAF leadership about their research efforts on energy, unmanned aerial systems and climate science.  It's important Arctic research that I'm happy great minds in our state are working on
I am glad Veterans Affairs Secretary General Eric Shinseki will be returning for the President’s second term.  I wrote to the President just after he was reelected and told him Sec. Shinseki is making incredible progress for Alaska’s veteran community and should be kept on the job.
A big thank you to the Kalskag schools and principal Greg Wohlman for my Kids of Kalskag sweatshirt!  They are doing great things there in Kalskag with the education of their kids, and I am honored to have spent some time with the students, parents and school faculty of this great Alaskan community.
Thanks so much to Diane Sawyer for interviewing the women of the 113th Congress, and giving us the chance to share our views and insights about working together to move the country forward. http://www.murkowski.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=54aa955b-db81-4c50-845d-0a921f20403a
Don't know if it's 'happy birthday' or 'happy anniversary,' but on this day in 1959, Alaska officially became the 49th state!
Congratulations to the record 20 women who are now sworn in as U.S. Senators for the 113th Congress!  I look forward to building solid relationships and getting real, tangible results.
Watching my boys play a pickup soccer game at the Sports Dome here in Anchorage. Wishing we were skiing and waiting for snow, but so glad to be home
In case you missed it with all the fiscal cliff action in the House of Representatives yesterday, I’m also very glad to see the Maniilaq land transfer passed. This legislation will transfer three parcels of federal land and allow the health care center there to expand and grow with the medical needs of the 12 villages it serves.
I just finished receiving a very thorough briefing on the status of the Kulluk at the unified command in downtown Anchorage.  It was important to see firsthand how all the state, federal and local agencies are working together and understand the current status and proposals going forward.  There is a great team effort in treacherous conditions going on right now.
We just passed a bill in the Senate to avoid the fiscal cliff and make sure that 98% of Alaskan households don't see a tax hike in 2013, but I share Alaskans' frustration with this brinksmanship brand of politics where we race against to resolve something after months of inaction.  Elected leaders shouldn't need to wait until the last minute to work together for America, especially with so much work to be done to address our $16 trillion debt. I'm ready to work with anyone ready to deal head-on with the challenges that face us.
