Today in Lincoln, I was honored to help send off members of the NE Air National Guard's 155th Air Refueling Wing.
Proud of the Nebraska Ebola Team, the 2014 Midlanders of the Year. This incredible staff didn't think twice about putting themselves in harm's way to treat critically ill patients.
NA
The 82nd class of Omaha Jaycee Ten Outstanding Young Omahans has been announced. The winners this year are among some of the brightest and most dedicated Omahans around. Proud that these civic-oriented winners will be the next generation of leaders to serve the Omaha community. Visit the Omaha World-Herald article to get to know the ten winners from this year:
This week I was pleased to see the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act pass the U.S. Senate.  As a proud co-sponsor of this bill, I am encouraged by the many positive features it will provide for Nebraskans. This includes the ability to establish tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities – which will help empower more Americans to plan for their families’ and our country’s future.  Giving people in need the right incentives to save for expenses on education, housing, health care and transportation is common sense and good policy and I look forward to seeing this bill signed into law. To learn more about the ABLE Act, please click on the link below:
EPA’s proposed water rule is a massive expansion of federal power. It would create expensive compliance requirements and penalties for ag producers, businesses, and individual land owners. For more on this damaging federal power grab, watch my recent discussion with NCBA's Cattlemen to Cattlemen
I am pleased to report that over the past two years I have been able to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get important things done for Nebraskans and all Americans. ‘Working For You’ is a look back at my work and all we were able to accomplish despite persistent gridlock.  As we enter the 114th Congress, I remain committed to working with members from both parties to achieve meaningful and enduring solutions to the nation’s toughest problems.
Congratulations to Eagle Scouts Dylan Stamm and Jake Sindelar for becoming the first and only Nebraskans to earn all available Boy Scouts of America merit badges! They are certainly living up to their motto. #BePrepared
Remember Pearl Harbor: 12.7.1941  http://www.omaha.com/news/military/there-was-so-much-suffering-that-day-chronology-of-pearl/article_5efec1db-edbf-5b83-9378-4efec7d94dbb.html
Congrats to Mary Rose Taylor of Hastings for being named one of America's top nurses.  Thank you for your commitment to caring for those in need.
Thanksgiving is a time to reflect on the many blessings in our lives. I am especially thankful for the opportunity to represent the great people of Nebraska in the United States Senate.  Bruce and I wish everyone a happy, healthy and blessed Thanksgiving! #blessed
Congratulations to Nebraska's state football champs! Great work this season! Class A: Omaha North Class B: Omaha Skutt Class C-1: Boone Central / Newman Grove Class C-2: Aquinas Class D-1: Hemingford Class D-2: Exeter-Milligan 6-Man: Riverside
This Veterans Day, we honor the men and women who sacrificed so much to protect our freedom. We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to these heroes who put themselves in harm’s way to defend our nation. I encourage all Nebraskans today to take a moment to reflect and honor our veterans and thank them for their service.
Washington has been marked with partisan politics and gridlock. Tuesday’s election provides an opportunity for a fresh start in Congress. It’s time for Congress to go to work for the American people and find solutions to the most important issues facing our nation.
Happy to get a first-hand look at the good work being done at the Advanced Surgery Center in Omaha. Thanks to Maggie Summerfelt and others who gave me a tour and an update on their work to keep Nebraskans healthy.
In America, we enjoy a peaceful transfer of power because we understand and respect that the American people have spoken, regardless of our views or the election’s results.  I believe that America’s greatest asset is its people, and the success of our democracy depends on the American people going to the polls to cast their vote.  It is an opportunity for you to voice your views on the direction of our nation and to play a role in determining our future.  Today, our country faces many challenges that require our attention. How our government chooses to address them will depend on who the American voters determine are best suited for the job.  Undoubtedly, the decisions that will be made will carry implications for this and future generations.  I encourage all eligible voters—regardless of your party or your perspective—to go to the polls and cast your vote during these midterm elections. It is a great opportunity to participate in the civic discourse and have your priorities better represented not only in Washington, but at all levels of government.  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/op-eds?ID=45438b53-7dde-4a5b-8237-14865d6e1ca2
Today, I had the honor of visiting with members of the Nebraska Army National Guard ahead of their deployment to the Middle East in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. To these members of the 195th Special Operations Forward Support Company, I wish you the best of luck and pray for your safe return.  Thank you for your service to our country.
Nebraska is part of a new tech frontier, but Washington needs a tech policy reboot. Read my Lincoln Journal Star op-ed below:
Congrats to Hornady Manufacturing Company and Lincoln Industries for being named the 2014 Nebraksa Manufactures of the Year! http://www.omaha.com/money/lincoln-g-i-employers-named-nebraska-manufacturers-of-the-year/article_5e07d1ca-4fcd-11e4-97ee-0017a43b2370.html
Our nation’s innovators know how to think outside the box, create economic opportunity and grow our economy.  Unfortunately, Washington’s outdated policies and regulations stifle creativity and hold back innovation. Washington needs a tech policy reboot.  
I’m fortunate to have a hardworking staff member based in Norfolk to help me serve northeast Nebraska. As your U.S. senator, I’m dedicated to ensuring that all Nebraskans have access to me and my staff so that we can receive your feedback and offer our assistance with problems related to the federal government. 
Whether you live in rural areas or urban centers with outdated infrastructure, dependable modern communications is a necessity. Unfortunately, call completion issues persist, impacting Nebraskans across the state. The Federal Communications Commission needs to follow through on its order to address the concerns raised by rural Americans and improve telephone service quality and reliability for all Americans.
Increasing evidence suggests that the Army Corps of Engineers’ ongoing and costly construction projects to preserve endangered species may not actually be achieving its goals. It makes no sense to forge ahead, burning through taxpayer dollars, without proof the fed strategy is working. U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and I sent a letter to Army Corps asking them to explain their heavy-handed actions. 
Come Join my staff for local office hours in Beatrice, Fairbury & Crete on October 7th!  #heretohelp #working4u
Happy birthday to Jack Hoffman, who continues to bravely raise awareness about the unique challenges facing children with pediatric brain cancer. I'm proud of everything the Hoffman family and Team Jack have done to find a cure for childhood brain cancer, and I encourage all Nebraskans to help shed light on this disease.
If you're in the area, my staff will be in Wahoo & David City on Oct. 1. We want to get your feedback and answer your questions! #heretohelp
Today I had the privilege to greet a group of Buffalo County Korean War veterans and their families visiting Washington, DC. I'm so grateful for the chance to thank these men and women for their service. I appreciate those who work with the Hero Flight program, which makes these visits possible.
My staff is holding office hours in Bassett & Ainsworth on Oct. 2nd. Hope you can all make it!
The tireless efforts of Stacey Adamson and Tracee Ford to lead their neighbors and build a student-run grocery store have revitalized their entire community. Their dedication to Cody and the students of Cody-Kilgore High School has transformed a clever idea into a valuable educational tool and an economically important reality. I congratulate Stacey and Tracee for their national recognition as ‘American Graduate Champions’ and thank them for their work to empower students and enrich their community.  http://netnebraska.org/interactive-multimedia/learning-services/american-graduate-champions-stacy-adamson-tracee-ford
Today we celebrate our enduring Constitution, the foundation of our freedom for over two centuries  #ConstitutionDay2014
Busy day in the Senate today. First met with constituents from the NE Farm Bureau Federation to talk about the EPA’s Waters of the US proposal.  Then attended the Armed Services committee hearing on ISIL with Secretary Hagel and General Dempsey. Also fought back against overregulation of technology for cars at a Commerce subcommittee hearing. Enjoyed visits with Nebraskans from the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network and General Daryl Bohac, Adjutant General of the NE National Guard. Was excited to end the day with an award from Growth Energy for my commitment to renewable energy.
Questioned Sec. Hagel and Gen. Dempsey on the president's plan to defeat ISIL. I called on Congress to have a meaningful debate on the issue outside of a rushed spending bill - if that means staying in Washington longer to do our jobs, then we better do that. Our government needs to be honest with the American people on what lies ahead.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APY6Q7D6U7g&feature=youtu.be
My state staff is holding office hours in Thedford, Mullen and Hyannis on Sept. 30th. Come by, we are here to help!
Read my latest column “Raw Politics” on my website http://1.usa.gov/1m000y9 
Mary Ann Borgeson, Douglas County Commissioner, made a stop in my office today. It's always great to see a friend from Nebraska!
NA
“Once again we honor the memory of the victims of terrorism on 9/11. The passage of 13 years has not lessened our pain or diminished our resolve. Images of destruction in our cities and a quiet Pennsylvania field are seared into our national memory. As the United States now faces a resurgent global terror threat, we must recommit ourselves to eliminating those who wish to destroy our way of life and the freedoms we hold so dear."
Enjoyed a busy day today: floor speech, weekly press call, Indian Affairs and Commerce Committee hearings, and several mtgs w/ visiting Nebraskans. Also got the chance to present to Brian and Carey Hamilton – car dealers from Omaha – a copy of the law I worked to pass to cut the red tape hurting auto dealers.
Enjoyed meeting with pork producers from across NE who were visiting Washington for a national conference. We had a great discussion about trade and regulations affecting the pork industry.  Thanks for stopping by!
Video from my floor speech today: "Nebraskans expect more. Americans expect more. They expect us to do our jobs – to work together – offer solutions – debate – amend – and vote. There are many proposals I would love to vote on. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but let’s at least start to have meaningful debate and real votes."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAlJQUeEymo&feature=youtu.be
Had a busy day in Washington with the Senate back in session. I enjoyed meeting with members of the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, including a UNL PhD candidate Cameron Murphy (bottom left). I also had the chance to visit with leaders from the health IT company 23andMe (top left). Some professors from the University of Nebraska Medical Center College of Dentistry also stopped by my office (top right). Finally, Pastor Hess and a student, Seth Brefehoft, from the Park Avenue Christian School in Norfolk, NE also came by to visit (bottom right).  Thank you all for taking the time to meet with me today!
So glad David Essink of Hastings and Marshall Lewis of Kimball stopped by my office today. I am very proud of these two Nebraskans, who are nominated for the 2015 Principal of the Year award.
My latest column "Working For You" highlights my time visiting w/ Nebraskans across the state in August http://1.usa.gov/1rTwvki. Senate is back in session today – we need votes on policies that address weak job growth, not more show votes. Like if you agree! 
I’m so grateful for the opportunity to travel the state and visit with Nebraskans these past few weeks. Below is a video highlighting my August travels. #blessed to serve all Nebraskans. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZX57F07KGtI&list=UUrbEfZaG_WhB0PBHI1hefPQ
Bruce and I are spending a great day at the Nebraska State Fair. Pineapple Whip, NC Beef Pit, 4-H exhibits, crowds of Nebraskans. #heaven
Great game so far Huskers. Go Big Red from the newest generation of Fischers!
Can you feel it? GBR!
It's an honor to nominate the McNally family of Neligh, NE for the congressional “Angels in Adoption” award. The McNallys recently adopted three siblings they first fostered. Their selflessness and devotion to these children are an inspiration for the community of Neligh and all Nebraskans.  http://tinyurl.com/ks2kh6d
Enjoyed a great listening session in Lexington this morning with a strong turn out. Thanks to all who came and special thanks to former Congressman Bill Barrett –  it was a pleasure to visit with you! I also made a stop at the KRVN radio studio in Lexington for an interview with Bob Brogan. Stay tuned for more photos of my travels around Nebraska.
Yesterday, I met with many Nebraskans who were very concerned with a number of different policy issues. I was fortunate to tour the Dundy County Hospital in Benkelman, which is a Medicare-certified facility. I also toured the Trenton Agri-Produtcs plant and I hosted a constituent listening session in Curtis at the Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture. I'm so grateful for these opportunities to visit different communities and hear directly from Nebraskans.
I am hosting constituent listening sessions in Curtis, Lexington, Cozad and Ogallala this week. Hope you can take a few minutes to join the conversation.  For more information including addresses and future listening session dates, visit my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51"
Needed repairs and resurfacing on River Road have been a long time coming. No one knows this better than my neighbors in Cherry County, who have been on the front lines battling regulatory red tape for a decade. As a state senator and Chair of the Transportation and Telecommunications Committee, advancing infrastructure projects like this was one of my top priorities. In 2011, I wrote a bill allowing state officials to "swap funds" with the federal government. This enabled the county government to use cheaper millings for pavement and get this project going. This was a practical solution to address federal regs without earmarks or spending more money. I'm glad to hear this project is finally moving forward. http://www.omaha.com/news/nebraska/why-it-is-taking-a-decade-to-pave-the-rutted/article_6d07dd8c-25a2-11e4-a0e8-0017a43b2370.html?
Must read OWH editorial today on the far reaching impacts of EPA's proposed WOTUS rule. Concern with the overreach of this rule is a common concern I hear all across the state at each of my listening sessions. http://www.omaha.com/opinion/world-herald-editorial-feds-should-listen-to-concerns-of-ag/article_454f585b-5ca2-54bc-9584-e61e859edafd.html 
One of the best parts of my jobs is working with my staff to provide services that directly assist Nebraskans. Members of my staff are available to offer assistance with federal agencies and regularly hold local office hours in communities across the state to ensure all constituents have convenient access to these services. Learn more in my latest column, “Here to Help.”    http://1.usa.gov/Yd9xHl
Yesterday I had another great day traveling the state. I'm thankful I had the opportunity to meet with veterans in Alliance and hear their concerns. In Rushville, I spoke with residents at Parkview Lodge Assisted Living and met with constituents at the Rushville American Legion. I was also fortunate to meet with constituents in Gordon at The Coffee Nook on Main Street and stop by KCSR radio in Chadron to discuss what I have been hearing from Nebraskans this month.  To see where my next stops in Nebraska are, please visit my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51
Enjoyed meeting everyone who came to today’s constituent listening sessions in both Rushville and Gordon. Your input is invaluable as I seek to represent Nebraskans in the US Senate.
As summer ends and school begins, I want to wish students, faculty and families across Nebraska a wonderful year of learning!
I'll be holding some more constituent listening sessions on Wednesday, August 13th. The first is located in Gordon at The Coffee Nook at 9:45 MST. The second is in Rushville located at the Rushville American Legion 11:45 MST. I hope to see you there!  For more information including addresses and future listening session dates, visit my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51 
Enjoyed spending time visiting with members of the Norfolk community this morning. Many good discussions at today’s Listening Session at the public library. I also met with local emergency management stakeholders as northeast Nebraska continues to rebuild and recover from the recent devastating storms.
Great to be at the Legislative Summit in Ashland this morning. I look forward to this event every year when Nebraska lawmakers at the state, local, and federal level come together to discuss the impact policies are having on economic development throughout our state.
Please keep my friend Jack and his family in your prayers. Love this guy. #TeamJack
This month, I'm traveling across the state meeting with Nebraskans, holding roundtables with various groups, visiting local businesses, and hosting constituent listening sessions. Looking forward to these valuable opportunities to hear from you and discuss how we can promote policies in Washington that help middle class families, strengthen our communities, and bolster economic growth.
This month, I'm traveling across the state meeting with Nebraskans, holding roundtables with various groups, visiting local businesses, and hosting constituent listening sessions. Looking forward to these valuable opportunities to hear from you and discuss how we can promote policies in Washington that help middle class families, strengthen our communities, and bolster economic growth.
Today I traveled to the McAllen Border Patrol Station, the Hidalgo Bridge, and Lackland Air Force Base to gather information from those responsible for apprehending and detaining Central American children illegally crossing our southern border. After visiting both DHS and HHS detention facilities, there is no doubt that once in U.S. custody, these children are treated humanely. There is also no doubt, though, of the severity of this crisis, which is expected to worsen once again as temperatures cool in coming months.   The U.S. Border Patrol, which has performed remarkably well under recent pressure, is forced to operate less efficiently in order to cope with legal constraints preventing them from safely and quickly returning these children home. This message of “inefficient operation” was driven home time and time again. While additional financial resources are part of the solution, I believe now, more than ever, that changes to current law to expedite the repatriation process are the key to solving this problem.
Pleased to support legislation to begin fixing our badly broken VA system. This agreement allows vets to receive care from private doctors if they don't live near a VA facility or if the wait for care is too long. It also allows the VA Secretary to fire employees who don't do their jobs. While our work resolve the problems at the VA is far from over, this bill is an important step toward keeping our promises to our nation's heroes.
Looking forward to meeting with Nebraskans across the state during the Senate's state work period in August. I'll be holding listening sessions in more than a dozen communities to hear directly from you about your views and concerns. Find out more details on my website here.  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=535034f0-ace4-4d1c-96e3-59f7e0d92b51
Today we learned that a native Nebraskan, Staff Sgt. Benjamin G. Prange of Hickman, was one of two U.S. Army soldiers killed in combat following a recent IED attack in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan. My thoughts, prayers, and deepest sympathies are with the family and loved ones of Staff Sgt. Prange during this difficult time. His ultimate sacrifice on behalf of our country is a solemn reminder to us all of the high price of freedom. I join all Nebraskans in honoring the memory of this brave American. We are forever indebted to Staff Sgt. Prange for his selfless service.
Enjoyed having these young Nebraskans in my office today. Jenna was visiting Washington with Future Business Leaders of America – Phi Beta Lambda; Paige and Colton were here with FFA;  Michael and Joseph were in town with American Legion Boys Nation, and Sarah and Anne were representing American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation. Always encouraged to see Nebraska’s next generation of leaders take such an interest in the issues that will impact the future of our state.
“In a potentially crippling blow to Obamacare, a top federal appeals court Tuesday said that billions of dollars worth of government subsidies that helped nearly 5 million people buy insurance on HealthCare.gov are illegal.”  ObamaCare remains a fundamentally flawed and unworkable law. “Like” if you agree the only solution is to start over and implement reforms that will truly lower health care costs for Americans and expand access.
Appreciate representatives from UNL and several Nebraska medical centers visiting my DC office this week. Always great to speak with hardworking Nebraskans about how we can strengthen healthcare and education opportunities in our state.
As we continue to seek solutions to address the crisis at the southern border, the lack of information coming from the federal government is unacceptable. I am supporting legislation to provide governors with access to information – already held by the federal government – so they can work to ensure the health and safety of our communities. The federal government’s focus must be on safely returning these children to their home countries and finally and fully securing the southern border. I intro’d a proposal to do just that last year:  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=660af1d0-6b25-46a7-bd41-abdbb0c26ad6
Disappointed the Majority Leader again refused to allow senators to represent their constituents by blocking all amendments to legislation considered by the Senate today. As a result, the amendment I offered with Senator Johanns and Senator Thune to give Nebraskans greater local power to counter potential federal land acquisitions was not allowed a vote.  I will continue to work to voice the concerns of Nebraskans who are rightly troubled by the federal government’s attempt to seize control of land they have responsibly taken care of for so long. 
Happy Independence Day! Celebrate this special nation and may God Bless The U.S.A.
REMINDER: I'm holding a listening session TODAY at the Ainsworth City Office and Conference Center at 12:30 pm CT. Please drop by, even for just a few minutes, to share what's on your mind.
I'll be hosting a listening session in Ainsworth on Wednesday, July 2 at 12:30 pm. Hope to see those of you in the area! I'd like to hear what's on your mind. Details below:  Ainsworth City Office and Conference Center 606 E. 4th Street Ainsworth, NE 69210 12:30 pm - 1:30 pm CT
Ran into the West Point softball team at the Hastings Applebees last night - had a great time meeting them!
I’ll be on KLIN's Drive Time Lincoln with Kevin Thomas at 5:10pm CT to discuss the Supreme Court’s decision striking down the President’s unconstitutional recess appointments. Be sure to tune in!
I’m pleased to support the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to help close the opportunity gap for nearly 10 million unemployed Americans. Many business owners have expressed difficulty filling open positions with qualified candidates. This legislation helps get Americans back to work by cutting waste and improving job training and workforce development programs. 
Great meeting with two very dedicated Nebraska principals, John Osgood & Ryan Ricenbaw, to discuss needs of students and teachers.
Great to meet with southeast Nebraska 4H students this morning. We kicked off the Nebraska Breakfast with the 4H pledge!
My staff will be holding local office hours in Chadron, Valentine, Central City, and St. Paul. You can find more details below or on my website! http://1.usa.gov/1iuvzPf
Don’t forget to subscribe to my newsletter to receive monthly updates on how I'm working for Nebraskans in Washington. http://fischer.enews.senate.gov
The devastation in Pilger and throughout northeast Nebraska is beyond heartbreaking. Amidst this tragedy, though, are quiet acts of courage – neighbors battered, but not broken. I found a symbol of this resilience in the empty footprint of Eric and Mary Von Seggern's home – a simple sign that said "family." The roof, walls, and contents of the house were gone, but the sign remained. Despite the destruction of buildings, the bonds of community and family remain unshaken. Nebraskans are strong, and our neighbors in northeast Nebraska are among the strongest. With our help, they will rebuild; they will recover.   My sincere thanks to the Red Cross, NEMA, and the hundreds of Nebraskans traveling to lend a hand to their neighbors during this challenging time. My staff and I will continue to remain in close contact with Governor Heineman and local officials to determine how to best provide government assistance.
Great afternoon today in Omaha. Enjoyed touring Lozier's HQ and visiting NorthStar Foundation's after school program.
Tomorrow I will visit Pilger and the surrounding areas to assess the damage from the devastating tornadoes earlier this week. I'll take this opportunity to learn more about recovery efforts from NEMA and the American Red Cross and speak with the victims. I also look forward to the chance to sincerely thank in person all the volunteers who are stepping forward to help our neighbors in need. Pilger will survive and it will rebuild. Nebraskans are strong – and our neighbors from Pilger are among the strongest. 
Great to visit with Nebraska FFA and Close Up students. Enjoy the rest of your trip to DC!
Today I met with participants from Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service to listen to their personal stories of resettling in Nebraska.
In the wake of disaster, Nebraskans are stepping up. Yesterday, 1,800 volunteers registered to help the town of Pilger recover and several organizations are now accepting donations for recovery efforts. Learn more about how you can help here: http://www.1011now.com/home/headlines/Tornado-Disaster-Relief--How-You-Can-Help-263494831.html
The loss of life, serious injuries, and near complete destruction of Pilger from yesterday’s tornadoes is heartbreaking. While we continue to pray for the families and communities impacted by these storms, I encourage anyone needing assistance to contact my office directly. My staff and I are in contact with state and local officials and we stand ready to help secure federal assistance as needed.
Praying for all Nebraskans impacted by today's tornadoes. Please carefully follow all local warnings and stay safe.
Exciting time in Nebraska as fans from around the nation gather in Omaha for the College World Series! Looking forward to watching more competitive play at the CWS through the rest of June.
Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful, hard-working dads out there, including my husband Bruce and son Adam!
Today we celebrate and honor our nation's colors that have proudly flown for 237 years! #FlagDay
Today I voted to support the bipartisan veterans bill so tens of thousands of veterans can receive the care they were promised. The agreement expands care options for veterans awaiting treatment, makes it easier to fire VA employees who fail to perform their duties, and addresses long-term scheduling failures. There’s still a long road ahead to fix the VA, and I will continue to work to repair this broken system so that our nation’s heroes receive the medical treatment they have so dutifully earned. 
It was great to meet with Custer County 4-H after this morning’s Nebraska Breakfast. They asked me some great policy questions and I shared some of my own experiences in 4-H. Hope you enjoy the rest of your time in Washington!
Such a privilege to honor the extraordinary bravery of First Lieutenant Donald Schwab of Hooper, Nebraska, who received the Medal of Honor posthumously in March for his heroic acts of service during World War II. Today I joined U.S. Senator Mike Johanns, members of the Schwab family, including Donald's wife Maralee, and many other guests to unveil First Lt. Schwab's name on the Nebraska Medal of Honor plaque during a ceremony at the Capitol in Lincoln. Americans are forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of Donald Schwab and all our courageous men and women in uniform.
70 years ago, the United States led one of the most audacious invasions in world history, paving the way for the Allies' long march to liberate Europe from the iron grasp of Nazi Germany. Hundreds, if not thousands, of Nebraskans bravely stormed the beaches of Normandy by air and by sea. Their courageous example endures as a reminder of the price of freedom, and as we mark D-Day, I join the rest of our country and the world in saluting these heroes of our Greatest Generation.
Great to visit with Wisner-Pilger FFA students who are in Washington for their annual leadership conference. I’m proud of their hard work and dedication to Nebraska ag!
Shinseki’s resignation last week was an important step toward achieving reform at the VA, but it was only a first step. While investigations into the VA continue, I’ve supported the Veterans Choice Act of 2014 that would allow our veterans access to the high quality, efficiently delivered care they have already waited far too long to receive. I am also supporting legislation to make it easier to fire those responsible for the VA’s failures. 
As severe storms are forecast today in central and eastern Nebraska, I encourage all Nebraskans to stay safe and closely follow local weather warnings.
Showing extraordinary courage, Private First Class James W. Fous, an Omaha native, yelled out to nearby American soldiers to warn them before throwing his own body upon a grenade. He shielded his fellow men from the deadly blast, sacrificing his own life to save the lives of three other men in his unit. For his selfless act of service during the Vietnam War, Private Fous was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously.   Today, let us reflect on the values for which Private Fous and countless others fought and died as we renew our resolve to honor their legacy.
VA Secretary Shinseki has failed to demonstrate the strong leadership we need to aggressively fix horrific problems at medical centers around the country. While I am grateful for Secretary Shinseki’s past military service, it's time for him to step down. A new secretary must regain credibility with veterans and, at a minimum, demonstrate basic competence.   I'v also introduced legislation banning all bonuses at the Veterans Health Administration until these problems are fixed. Funding should be focused on fixing the problem, not rewarding employees entrenched in a struggling bureaucracy.  
Earlier today I met with Columbus Community Hospital to discuss issues facing rural health care in Nebraska.
May is Beef Month! Delicious, healthy, safe Nebraska beef – beef producers helping to feed the world.  Great article from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Get the facts. #eatbeef #itswhatsfordinner 
Small businesses are often family businesses. I recently held a public meeting in Red Cloud, NE to hear from constituents in the area. Several Nebraskans came out to meet me at Red Brick Café, a small business run by a husband and wife team. Red Brick Café hosts several events and is a wonderful example of a small local business bringing the community closer together.
I'm joining the Coby Mach Show on KFOR 1240 AM at 5:10 CT to provide an update from Washington. Listen in here: http://v5.player.abacast.com/v5.1/player/index.php?uid=6156
Kaufman Trailer’s 75,000 square foot facility has brought good paying jobs to Beaver City, NE. I appreciated the opportunity to visit the facility last month to learn more about how this small operation grew into a successful multi-state business.
I was pleased to work on the highway portion of the six year transportation bill, which authorizes long-term funding and gives state and local government the certainty and flexibility they need to develop our nation’s infrastructure. I fought to include two key provisions to give states the flexibility to expedite road projects and streamline the environmental review process. That means lower costs, less red tape, and more common sense.
Small Business Week: Technology is playing a critical role in driving small business growth. Businesses that make use of the Internet are expected to grow 40 percent faster and are nearly twice as likely to create jobs. Licorice International started as a small mail order company before expanding to a 4,450 square foot location in Lincoln, which I visited last August. With the help of their website, they now process roughly 10,000 orders of their delicious licorice each year.
Small Business Week: Lou Marcuzzo founded Louie M’s Burger Lust over 30 years ago as a catering service, serving area day cares in Omaha. Today Lou and his sons serve Nebraskans delicious burgers and local businesses now come to them as a popular meeting spot. I was excited to visit Louie M’s recently, where I saw firsthand the entrepreneurial spirit that grew this family business.
In honor of Small Business Week, each day this week I will highlight one of Nebraska’s many thriving small business that help drive our state’s economy and create good jobs.   A few years ago Brian Schlueter opened Moonstruck Meadery in Bellevue, Nebraska. The operation, which initially was run out of Brian’s garage, now brews meads that are enjoyed around the world. I had the opportunity to visit the facility back in February and was immediately impressed by the passion and commitment of Brian and his team to creating a quality product.
Praying for all Nebraskans in the storms' pathways this evening. Stay safe and please follow all local warnings. #GodBless
For many years my Mom dutifully drove me to piano lessons. She was also there when I gave my very first speech at a 4-H competition when I was about 8 years old. Well, I didn't become a classical pianist, but Mom still remembers that speech was "About Eggs" and I am so grateful that she was watching my first speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I love you.
This week I enjoyed the opportunity to discuss ongoing challenges facing the health care industry and the impact of federal regulations on their ability to deliver high quality care.
Join me in thanking Nebraska teachers for their hard work and pivotal role in our children’s lives. #TeacherAppreciationWeek
Congrats to Phoebe and Audrey for being recognized as Nebraska’s top youth volunteers of 2014! Their accomplishments in community service set an encouraging example for the rest of our state’s youth.
This week the White House is making its latest push for more costly energy regulations that would effectively ban coal-fired power plants, which produce nearly two-thirds of Nebraska’s energy. That means higher electricity costs at a time when family budgets are shrinking. This morning I discussed the need for the president to work with Congress on practical energy policies that actually lower costs for American families and strengthen our energy security. 
Government overregulation is hurting hardworking Nebraska families and placing overwhelming burdens on business owners. Like and share this video if you agree!
Nebraskans have watched as the Obama Administration has protected the president and his political allies rather than be forthcoming with the American people. Revelations this week regarding Benghazi and potentially misleading statements from EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy show this administration yet again prioritizing political cover over transparency and accountability. This alarming pattern demonstrates either the height of incompetence or a wanton disregard for the truth. The American people deserve better, and I will work with my colleagues to hold this administration accountable.
I’ll be joining KLIN's Drive Time Lincoln at 5:10pm CT to discuss issues before the Senate and my latest effort to press for accountability at the IRS. Hope you can tune in.
NA
Today I sent a letter to the IRS Commissioner demanding answers and accountability amid a recent report highlighting mismanagement and employee misconduct, including failure to pay taxes, misusing government credit cards for travel, drug use, violent threats and fraudulently claiming unemployment benefits. Rather than rewarding tax delinquent employees with bonuses, they should be fired according to the law.
STATEMENT ON PHOENIX VA FACILITY: I’m deeply troubled to read the allegations reported in the press that as many as 40 American veterans died while waiting for medical treatment at the Phoenix VA facility. To say this is a moral travesty is an understatement. Our heroes deserve nothing less than the finest medical treatment available. Have no doubt that I will work with my colleagues to hold the VA accountable and demand reforms to make sure this never happens again.
Today I joined several of my colleagues in writing President Obama to express our serious concern with possible plans to abandon enforcement of our immigration laws. Nebraskans expect the president to follow the rule of law, not to discard it. Rather than working around Congress, the president should work with lawmakers to strengthen our borders and enforce existing law.
Congratulations to the Pelster family from Ericson for recently receiving the 2014 Nebraska Leopold Conservation Award. Our state is proud to have a strong tradition of excellent land stewardship. Nancy and Duane Pelster’s conservation practices on their family ranch in the Sandhills are a shining example of the commitment of Nebraska families to protecting our natural resources and enriching the health of our land for future generations.
Every year, Tax Day is a reminder that our complex tax laws desperately need reforms. My column this week discusses my efforts to promote a simpler, fairer system that provides certainty and encourages economic growth.
Yesterday I toured Kaufman Trailers in Beaver City and was grateful to speak at the ground breaking ceremony for Lexington Regional Health Center's new addition. Amazing to see the hard work of Nebraskans strengthening our communities and businesses.
Another wonderful visit with Nebraskans at this morning's Open Coffee in Holdrege! Appreciate everyone who attended and shared their views with me.
Enjoyed dropping by Alma High School for lunch today. I had a great time visiting with students and faculty!
Thanks to all the Nebraskans in Red Cloud who came out this morning to my open coffee event. Looking forward to the next one tomorrow morning in Holdrege!
Great day visiting with Nebraskans in Lincoln, Friend, and Crete today. Thanks to Farmland for showing me around their facility this afternoon and sharing insights into some of the issues facing the industry. Earlier today in Lincoln, I also had the opportunity to join the Walmart Foundation in recognizing outstanding philanthropic organizations in Nebraska and attend the Lincoln Rotary Club lunch.
This year Americans spent over 6 billion combined hours to comply with our complicated tax code. That’s roughly the equivalent of 3 million employees working full time. We shouldn't be expected to spend endless hours or hire an expensive accountant just to file our taxes. It’s time to overhaul our century-old system with a simpler, fairer tax code.
Join me in Superior, NE this Wednesday for a tour of main street to visit local businesses
Looking forward to meeting with Nebraskans this week during the Senate’s state work period. I’ll be holding “Open Coffees” in Fairbury, Red Cloud, and Holdrege. These are a chance for me to learn what's on your mind and answer your questions. If you’re in the neighborhood, I hope you’ll join me!
Before federal agencies pursue heavy-handed regulations on livestock emissions, they should consider the economic impacts and costs on our ag producers who work hard year-round to protect our natural resources.
There’s no shortage of waste and duplication in the federal government, yet somehow many unnecessary programs continue to exist. My column this week takes a closer look at specific areas where Congress can rein in this excessive spending.
Today I introduced two bills to enhance accountability and rein in the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. This agency impacts every aspect of our economy and all consumers. Its decisions should reflect input from all sides, rather than giving broad regulatory authority to a single unelected official. My legislation also makes it easier to push back on CFPB regulations.
This morning I joined the Armed Services Committee hearing to discuss and hear more about what tools and training the Army requires to fulfill its missions.
One year ago today Jack Hoffman inspired the country and raised awareness for pediatric brain cancer. #TeamJack
My staff, along with Senator Johanns’ and Congressman Smith’s staff, will host the “2014 Academy and Military Information Day” in Grand Island on Saturday, April 19th. Representatives from several U.S. service academies will be on hand to answer questions and discuss the academy nomination process, as well as other military options.
The Senate is considering legislation to extend unemployment insurance benefits for the long-term unemployed. I believe the best way to help out-of-work Americans is to make it easier and less expensive for employers to hire new workers. My column this week lays out job-creating measures I've offered in the Senate that would enable more people to find work, earn a paycheck, and provide for their family. 
It was great to meet with High School seniors from Superior on the steps of the Capitol this morning. Enjoy the rest of your trip to DC!
Today I cosponsored the Hire More Heroes Act to help create job opportunities for those who have dutifully served our country. The bill would exempt veterans from one of Obamacare’s burdensome requirements that keeps small businesses from hiring.
Earlier today, I met with students from North Bend, Milford, and Clearwater-Orchard High Schools during their Close-Up trip to Washington, D.C. It’s great to see students engaged in the political process and involved in their communities.
Congrats to Creighton senior Doug McDermott recognized for his talent and contribution to the Bluejays!
This morning I had the opportunity to speak with University of Nebraska Interim President Linder and Regents to receive updates on the university’s recent work and discuss higher education issues at the federal level.
My staff will be holding local office hours in Greeley, Ericson, Burwell, Ponca, Walthill, South Sioux City, Arthur, Ogallala, and Grant in April. Check here to find out when my staff will be in your community to offer personal assistance with federal casework and other issues at the federal level. http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/state-office-hours
My column this week explains the latest on Congress’s response to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. It also discusses my efforts to fight government policies that are raising Nebraskans' energy bills and healthcare premiums.
Heartwarming video of Sgt. Matthew Salomons surprising his wife, Becca, at Memorial Stadium. Thank you for your service and Go Big Red!
NA
After the Nebraska Breakfast this morning, I met up with a big group of Nebraska high school students participating in the Close Up Foundation’s program that connects students with their elected representatives. Had fun answering their questions and talking about some of my experiences in Washington.
Yesterday, I met with FFA and 4-H representatives from Nebraska for National Agriculture Week. We had a great discussion about ag policy. It was wonderful to meet with young people engaged in agriculture and see the future of this vibrant industry in Nebraska.
You know it's spring when the Sandhill Cranes arrive in Kearney.
The snow in Washington didn't slow down Korean War veterans who made the trip from Nebraska through the Honor Flight program. It was a great privilege to greet these brave men and thank them for their service to our country.
Today I spoke on the floor about two bills I have introduced to promote accountability at the IRS and protect taxpayers. The Stop IRS Overreach Act would prohibit the agency from asking ANY taxpayer ANY question related to his or her religious, political, or social beliefs. My other bill would require prompt responses from the IRS to taxpayers who contact the agency. The House has already acted to unanimously pass this reasonable legislation, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to support these necessary reforms.
This week we recognize the hard work of our country’s agriculture producers who invest their time, resources, energy, and faith toward the goal of feeding our nation. Happy National Agriculture Week!
Next week my staff will hold local office hours in Tecumseh, Auburn, Falls City, Pawnee City, and West Point. Check here for more information on times and locations.
So excited to watch the Huskers and Creighton both play in the  tournament today! Whose side are you on?
Bruce and I are thrilled to announce the birth of our second and third grandchildren! Our son Adam and his wife Tisha's beautiful twins arrived last night. Margaret May was born at 11:54 p.m. and Bryan Carl arrived at 12:13 a.m. (twins with different birthdays!). All are healthy and happy. We feel thankful and truly blessed to celebrate the arrival of these precious children to our family.
Enjoyed speaking to the North Platte Rotary Club about some of my recent efforts in the Senate, including working across the aisle to pass reforms addressing sexual assault in the military. Also had the chance to talk about a new direction for our country to pass on a better future to our children and grandchildren.
Earlier today I visited the Great Plains Regional Medical Center in North Platte and toured the new addition currently being constructed. Looking forward to the completion of the project for the community.
The Nebraska Beef Council is holding its Best Burger contest with 5 finalists from restaurants around the state. Vote for your favorite burger of the Beef State here! 
We all owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to First Lieutenant Donald K. Schwab, U.S. Army veteran and Hooper, Neb., native, who will be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic acts of service during WWII. In Lure, France, Schwab bravely led his men into combat before charging the enemy alone, forcing the Germans to retreat.
From the IRS’s targeting of conservative organizations to the administration’s selective delays of Obamacare, Americans have seen the federal government play the unfair game of picking winners and losers. My column this week lays out some of the measures I’m working on in the Senate to fight back against government overreach.
Propane shortages across Nebraska this winter have resulted in record-high prices for too many families struggling to heat their homes during record-low temperatures. I’m cosponsoring legislation that will help provide relief for more than 500,000 Nebraska households that rely on propane for heat and help states better prepare for similar shortages in the future.
President Obama has issued nearly two dozen selective Obamacare delays. This week, I introduced the FAIR Act to level the playing field by offering individuals and families the same relief from Obamacare that’s given to the president’s political allies.
Next Saturday, my staff will host the “2014 Academy and Military Information Day” in Lincoln along with Senator Johanns’ and Rep. Fortenberry’s offices. Members of our staffs and representatives from several branches of the military will be in attendance to answer questions about the nomination process and other military options.
Today I joined more than half of my Republican colleagues in sponsoring legislation that pushes back against the Obama Administration’s unprecedented overreach and attempts to sidestep Congress through executive orders. It’s the president’s responsibility to abide by the Constitution he swore to protect and defend – that means faithfully executing our nation’s laws.
This afternoon the Emerging Threats and Capabilities subcommittee, which I serve on as ranking member, held an important hearing to ensure our special forces have the training and resources they need to complete their missions.
American families suffering under Obamacare deserve the same relief President Obama has given to businesses and special interests. Today I introduced the FAIR Act, which makes sure the administration can’t continue to issue selective delays for political allies without offering the same treatment to individuals and families. http://1.usa.gov/N4faBq
Very proud of the Senate’s work today to pass the bipartisan Victims Protection Act, legislation I introduced with Senators McCaskill and Ayotte to end sexual assault in the military. This bill puts in place meaningful reforms to protect our servicemen and women from these violent crimes. It also increases accountability to bring offenders to justice. While this is progress, our work here isn’t done. Congress has an important role in oversight to ensure these reforms are effectively implemented and fully enforced. 
Not yet signed up for my eNewsletter? Click here to start receiving the Monthly Record and get updates on my latest efforts to represent Nebraskans in Washington. http://fischer.enews.senate.gov/
A report from a major labor union finds it “ironic” that Obamacare will actually decrease wages and increase income inequality. Even President Obama’s political allies are pointing out how Obamacare is hurting hardworking Americans and middle class families. It’s more important than ever that we scrap this failed health care law. http://cdn.ralstonreports.com/sites/default/files/ObamaCaretoAFL_FINAL.pdf
More and more national publications and studies are recognizing Nebraska’s growing economic success. My column this week explores the factors that drive this growth and what Washington can learn from the Cornhusker State.
Very pleased the Senate voted unanimously yesterday to advance bipartisan legislation I introduced with Senators McCaskill and Ayotte to combat the sexual assault crisis confronting our military. The very least we owe our men and women in uniform who put their lives on the line for our freedom is to ensure they are safe from violence within their own ranks. 
Another day, another selective, election-year ObamaCare delay. Today, 27 Democrats joined House Republicans in voting to delay ObamaCare for all Americans. I urge Harry Reid to allow a vote on the Fairness for American Families Act in the Senate, a bill I am cosponsoring to provide relief for everyone. No more ObamaCare winners and losers. 
Proud to kick off this morning's Nebraska Breakfast with a video celebrating our state's proud heritage!
I don’t support the higher taxes, increased spending, and damaging debt contained within the president’s budget he proposed today. I'm also concerned that Senate Democrats won't even have a conversation on spending, refusing to debate a budget this year as required by law. To turn around our economy and create jobs, we need serious policies that start with a serious debate.
This morning I spoke with a Stuart High School senior government class over Skype on a wide range of topics. Great to hear from students engaged in learning more about their government and current events.
In honor of the 147th anniversary of the founding of Nebraska, I released a new video illustrating why Nebraska is home to “the Good Life.” Join me in celebrating our proud, shared heritage and tradition by watching the video and sharing it with friends and family!
I'll be on KLIN's Drive Time Lincoln with Kevin Thomas live at 4:45pm CT to discuss the latest from Washington. Tune in here.
Today I introduced two bills to protect Nebraskans and all Americans from IRS overreach. Taxpayers have the absolute right to expect the IRS to treat all citizens fairly, and the IRS has a long way to go to restore its credibility. My legislation will promote accountability and transparency within the IRS and ensure the constitutional rights of all American taxpayers are protected. http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/2/fischer-introduces-legislation-to-protect-taxpayers-from-irs-overreach
Great read from the World-Herald on Olympic bobsledder Curt Tomasevicz's heartwarming return home from Sochi after winning a bronze medal. All Nebraskans are very proud of Curt. Go USA!
Today I spoke on the floor to express my opposition to Medicare Advantage cuts. Over 35,000 Nebraska seniors could lose access to their current doctors and see increased health care costs if these cuts take effect - all to fund ObamaCare. The President needs to keep his promises to seniors – "like" if you agree. 
Enjoyed speaking with the many Nebraskans who made the trip up to DC on this snowy morning. Look forward to meeting many more of you this year at our Nebraska Breakfast. You can find the 2014 schedule here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/nebraska-breakfast
Hooper, Nebraska native Donald K. Schwab will receive the Medal of Honor posthumously next month for his courageous acts of service during World War II. Inspired by his story featured in today’s Omaha World-Herald editorial. Thank you to Donald Schwab and all our nation’s heroes who sacrifice and put their lives on the line to protect and defend our country. 
Good news for Nebraska's economy.
Looking forward to the Nebraska Breakfast 2014 kickoff tomorrow morning! I hope all Nebraskans who are visiting Washington will be able to join us for this wonderful tradition. Info on location and other dates can be found here.
Bruce and I will be cheering on Nebraska native Curt Tomasevicz and his teammates on the 4-man bobsled team. #TeamUSA
The administration’s proposal for more cuts to the Medicare Advantage program will hurt over 35,000 Nebraska seniors. Rather than receiving the care they were promised, thousands of seniors will now lose access to their benefits to support $308 billion in spending for ObamaCare. I call on President Obama to change course and keep his word to senior citizens, who face the prospect of losing their preferred doctors and paying higher costs for more limited care. "Like" if you agree - it's time to repeal and replace this mess that's hurting seniors and middle class families.
President Ronald Reagan said, “As government expands, liberty contracts.” He referred to this principle “as neat and predictable as a law of physics.” Big government is holding us back on a number of fronts and intimidating citizens along the way. Read about how I’m working to push back against government overreach and promote greater transparency in my column this week.
Earlier today I toured Paypal’s Omaha facility and met with several employees. Great opportunity to learn more about their cybersecurity measures to protect consumer information.
Great afternoon in Lincoln today. I toured the Zoetis Animal Health facility to learn more about their contributions to animal medicine. Later, I spoke to a politics class at UNL about my experience in the Senate as a woman.
Thanks to the Nebraska chapter of the American Council of Engineering Companies for inviting me to speak at their annual Engineering Excellence Awards last night in Omaha. Wonderful to hear about the accomplishments of hardworking Nebraskans in this important field.
Great to be in Kearney today for the Nebraska Cattlemen’s Classic Lunch. Thanks to all the livestock producers who took time to speak with me about many of the issues affecting the industry and their operations.
ICYMI: My USA TODAY oped w/ Senator Angus King on the PROTECT Act  http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/02/15/fischer-king-health-information-technology/5464693/ … #JOBS #HealthIT #CutRedRape
Read this week's column to learn more about my bipartisan plan to protect jobs, cut red tape, and promote health technology with the PROTECT Act.
Rather than getting to the bottom of the IRS scandal, the administration is now pushing regulations that could curtail First Amendment rights. I've cosponsored a bill, The Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014, to stop this regulation from going forward. The IRS needs to be held accountable for its out-of-control actions, and I will continue to work to protect the constitutional rights of all Americans.
The first Nebraska Breakfast of the year kicks off tomorrow! Looking forward to being a part of the tradition another year and visiting with Nebraskans in Washington. Check here for this year’s Nebraska Breakfast dates and contact any delegation member’s office to attend.
As a proud alumni of the Nebraska LEAD program, I was pleased to welcome the Nebraska LEAD class 33 this afternoon in Washington as they continue their education in agricultural leadership.
Health information technologies, like mobile well-being apps, are advancing quickly. Today I introduced the PROTECT Act to make sure overregulation doesn't stifle innovation and job creation in this thriving health technology industry. Health IT has the potential to create thousands of good-paying jobs, help millions of people, and improve care. The PROTECT Act is a commonsense way we can provide the industry certainty and promote these opportunities for growth – all while protecting patient safety.
Best of luck to Shelby, Nebraska’s very own Curt Tomasevicz and the rest of the Team USA four-man bobsled team as they defend their gold medal in the 2014 Winter Olympics.
NA
Unfortunately, propane supply and distribution challenges have come during the season of highest demand, and many Nebraskans have been affected by shortages. Please visit my website for safety information, guidelines, and resources available to Nebraskans as shortages remain ongoing.
Due to tomorrow’s weather forecast, local office hours scheduled for tomorrow in Albion, Humphrey, and Howells are postponed. Rescheduled dates and times will be posted on my website as soon as details are confirmed.
Next week, my staff will be holding local office hours in Minden, Franklin, Alma, Holdrege, Albion, Humphrey, Howells, Plattsmouth, and Nebraska City. These hours offer a more convenient opportunity to meet with my staff in person about requests and concerns my office can assist with. Check here for details.
Enjoyed a candid discussion today with SOCOM Commander Admiral McRaven. We talked about the priorities and posture of U.S. Special Operations Forces, which the Emerging Threats and Capabilities subcommittee will hold a hearing on later this year.
Millions of Americans are hurting from the effects of Obamacare yet President Obama barely mentioned it in his State of the Union address. Scrapping this law should be a priority for the Senate. Anything short of that is unacceptable.
Discussing my reaction to President Obama’s State of the Union address with Coby Mach on KFOR 1240 live at 5:10 CT. Listen in here...
I agree we must focus on policies that strengthen the middle class. Growing the government isn’t the answer. It is my expectation, and the expectation of Nebraskans, that the president will work with – not around – Congress to pursue common ground. The president has his ‘pen’ and his ‘phone,’ but he also has a duty to abide by the Constitution he is sworn to protect and defend. Watch my full reaction to the President's State of the Union address below.
Tonight, the president will deliver the State of the Union address. I hope to hear the president outline a fiscally responsible plan to grow our economy, strengthen middle class families, get Americans back to work, and reduce our unsustainable debt. What do you want to hear?
Today I had a great meeting with the new STRATCOM Commander, Admiral Cecil Haney, to discuss upcoming defense priorities regarding strategic deterrence.
ICYMI: My interview on The Chronicle this morning on KETV NewsWatch 7 - a look back on my first year in office and a preview of the year ahead. I'm so honored to represent Nebraskans in the United States Senate. Thanks to you all for that privilege. 
Encouraged to see Nebraskans come together in Lincoln today for the Walk for Life. They are making their voices heard and taking a stand for the lives of the unborn. I am proud to stand for life in the Senate.
Reliable phone and Internet access are necessities for businesses, modern healthcare, and public safety.  I’m committed to supporting smart policies to expand broadband infrastructure and push back against taxation on Internet access. Read more about how we can do that here.
Yesterday I toured the Saunders Medical Center. I'm so grateful for their very warm welcome and we discussed the critical health care that they provide to the community.
Had a great meeting yesterday afternoon with the Empowerment Network and other community stakeholders regarding economic development in North Omaha.
Had the pleasure of speaking at the Nebraska Investment Finance Authority's awards luncheon today in Omaha. Very grateful for the  organization's encouragement of investment in Nebraska to help promote economic growth and job creation in our state.
In Omaha this morning speaking with David Earl for KETV's Sunday program "The Chronicle." Tune in to watch my interview Sunday at 10:00am CT.
Joining KFAB's Good Morning Show at 8:20 CT. Tune in here: http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
Thank you to Wakefield Community School for having me today to speak to their wonderful group of students! Wakefield was named a National Blue Ribbon School in 2013. Our state is so proud to have such talented and committed educators across Nebraska.
Visited South Sioux City to speak with the area Chamber of Commerce about job creation, local economic development, and education. Also stopped in for a quick lunch at local spot, Dakota Perk.
Great to be in Oakland, NE on this chilly morning. Toured Oakland Mercy Hospital and learned more about the medical services and care they provide to the community.
Today we honor the legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr. His dream continues to inspire generations to embrace freedom and strive to create positive change within our communities and country.
EPA’s anti-coal agenda will cost Nebraskans jobs and raise our energy bills. Nearly two-thirds of our state’s energy comes from coal-fired power plants. I've joined my colleagues in the Senate to send a message to President Obama that this costly regulatory regime hurts our economy and middle class families.
All Americans have been blessed by the leadership of Senator Tom Coburn, a truly principled public servant. Speaking hard truths and serving as the Senate’s spending conscience, Tom has been a straightforward and honest voice of fiscal conservatism in Washington. Bruce and I wish Tom and Carolyn good health and every happiness as he moves on from the Senate at the end of the year.
I opposed the omnibus spending bill, which simply delays actual spending cuts for nearly a decade. It also falls short of restoring benefits for all retired military service members. In other words, it's Washington business as usual.
This morning I had the opportunity to question EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on the President’s climate change plan. This far-reaching agenda has caused real economic pain for middle class families while the environmental gains are questionable at best.
Today I questioned FAA Administrator Michael Huerta about rules changes potentially causing pilot shortages and flight cancellations in western Nebraska. It’s important that regulations are implemented in a way that promotes the safety of airline crew and passengers while also minimizing their adverse impact on communities.  
Last fall millions of Americans received health plan cancellation notices in the mail because of Obamacare. Now experts are predicting the coverage of millions of other hardworking Americans employed by small businesses could also be in jeopardy. "Like" if you agree it's time to repeal and replace this flawed law with patient centered solutions.
NA
My column this week touches on just a few of the ideas out there that can boost job creation and get our economy back on track.
Earlier this week, I gave a speech calling for a greater focus on job creation in the Senate. I also demanded that Harry Reid permit a more open legislative process. Since July, just 4 Republican amendments have been allowed a vote. That’s shameful. Last year, the House passed 200 bills. A dozen of these had strong bipartisan support. They all died in the Senate. Read more here: http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304347904579310683963665974
In light of recent events, we need to explore and address massive data security breaches that have affected millions of Americans. It is critical to our country’s businesses, economy, and the privacy of our citizens that Americans know their personal and financial information is secure. This issue also relates to the security risks to Americans’ personal information posed by HealthCare.gov.
Nebraskans in the Stapleton, Tryon, and Oshkosh areas: My staff will be holding local office hours in your communities this Monday. These office hours offer an opportunity closer to home to meet personally about your questions, concerns, or assistance you may need with federal agencies. Check out the times and locations my staff will be in your area here.
About to join KLIN Radio at 5:10 CT to discuss the importance of combining unemployment benefits with meaningful job creation measures. Tune in here: http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
The current "real" unemployment rate tops 13%. There is no shortage of smart ideas out there to directly address job creation by repealing specific regulations and encouraging a fairer tax system. It is my hope this year that these ideas will get a vote so we can get our friends and neighbors back to work.
The new year is a time for new beginnings and an opportunity to tackle our nation’s persistent problems. Check out my column this week previewing the Senate's first few months of 2014.
Husker Power. Congrats Cornhuskers on a tremendous Gator Bowl win! GBR!
Bruce and I wish all Nebraskans, especially those serving our country overseas, a happy and healthy New Year! I look forward to a year of renewed prosperity and possibility.
So proud of Bill and Evonne Williams, who were named by the Omaha World-Herald as "Midlanders of the Year" for their outstanding dedication to our nation's veterans through the Honor Flight Program. #ProudNebraskan  http://dataomaha.com/media/news/2013-midlanders/#2013-midlanders-of-the-year-bill-and-evonne-williams
As the year comes to a close, I’d like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and happy holiday season. May it be filled with peace, joy, and time well spent with friends and family.
Taking time this Christmas season to remember our military men and women and their families who sacrifice so much to protect our freedoms and keep our country safe. My family and I thank you and wish you a Blessed Christmas. We hold you in our prayers. God Bless.
Despite frustrating political games that hold back progress, we’ve been able to get some good things done this year for Nebraskans. This new video recaps a range of issues that I've fought to address through legislation and collaboration with my colleagues.
Late last night, I was pleased to support the NDAA, which funds and sets priorities for our military. The legislation provides our service members with the tools they need. It bolsters STRATCOM’s missions, strengthens missile defense and nuclear deterrence, and addresses sexual assault in the military. Read more about initiatives that I fought to include in the final bill here...
In my column this week, I take a look back on what we’ve been able to accomplish on a range of issues during my first year in the U.S. Senate. Read more here...
CLASSIC Washington games here – say one thing to pass a bill, and do another later. In Nebraska, your word is everything. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I'm committed to keeping my word to those who serve. http://www.politico.com/story/2013/12/patty-murray-military-pension-cut-101313.html?hp=t3_3
I’m joining KFAB News this morning at 9:35 CT. You can listen in live here: http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
Today I voted against advancing the Ryan-Murray budget agreement and will oppose the Senate’s final vote on the plan later today. I’m deeply troubled by proposed cuts in retired pay and survivor benefits for our military men and women, as well as cuts to payments that current retirees were promised. I was also disappointed this agreement delays nearly half of actual spending cuts until 2022 and 2023. I was elected to cut wasteful spending now, not to kick the can down the road and push the responsibility on to our children and grandchildren.
Expensive portraits of government officials are yet another prime example of government waste paid for by taxpayers. I’ve cosponsored a bipartisan amendment with Senator Shaheen (D-NH) and Senator Coburn (R-OK) to limit spending on these extravagant portraits. Like the GONE Act, this is one more way we can responsibly target waste and set priorities as we look for ways to rein in spending in Washington.
Today I was pleased to join U.S. Senator Mike Johanns on the Senate floor to share lessons from Nebraska’s open, collaborative legislative process with the United States Senate. We're working hard to bring some Nebraska commonsense to Washington.  #NebraskaWay Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5i0Psbv3eE&feature=youtu.be
Enjoyed hearing from Nebraska corn farmer Jon Holzfaster today about land and water use in ethanol production, a vital source of capital investment and jobs in our state. I appreciate the insightful comments he shared about claims surrounding the impact of farmers’ work on the environment. Nebraska farmers are excellent stewards of the land entrusted to them and take great pride in the resources that are not only their livelihoods but also their homes.
NA
To literally spend money on nothing is a new height of government waste. Today I introduced the GONE Act to stop the federal government from throwing away hundreds of thousands of hard-earned taxpayer dollars on expired, empty grant accounts. #CutWaste
 http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news?ID=80492b5d-1946-48f7-a94b-d3dc9fb8be43
Congresswoman Virginia Smith was the first and only woman to represent our state in the U.S. House of Representatives. She was a tenacious advocate for Nebraska’s communities and helped to define what public service means to me. Read more about Virginia Smith in my POLITICO ‘Women Rule’ essay.
Today we reflect on the 72nd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. We honor those brave men and women who answered the call to serve at home and abroad throughout World War II. The Greatest Generation's lives and prevailing accomplishments serve as a reminder of what our country can achieve through shared sacrifice and hard work.
Over the last couple weeks, I had the opportunity to catch up with several local business leaders in Nebraska. A recurring theme in these conversations was the importance of encouraging new export opportunities, which will generate new business, create jobs, and boost wages. Read more about how opening markets for Nebraska businesses can spur long-awaited economic growth.
Appreciated the Omaha World-Herald's editorial this morning on the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela.
Today, the nation of South Africa lost a beloved leader and the whole world lost a voice of unshakable moral clarity with the passing of Nelson Mandela. Few have done more than Mandela to fulfill the mission of ‘peace on earth and good will toward men,’ the universal message of this holiday season. May we honor Mandela’s legacy by working to build a freer, more peaceful world through compassion, forgiveness, and engagement with one another.
Over the Thanksgiving holiday, I spent time visiting Nebraska's businesses, medical centers, and manufacturing plants.
Yesterday I had a productive conversation with the Fremont Area Chamber of Commerce. We covered several topics such as the rising cost of health care and onerous EPA regulations. Read more about our meeting here
Earlier today I toured the Fremont Area Medical Center and spoke about the impacts of Obamacare. So impressed by the commitment of its staff to creating a patient-centered environment and providing quality care.
Yesterday I had the chance to stop by the John Crane Orion manufacturing facility in Columbus. Always good to see thriving Nebraska businesses in action. I spoke with managers and employees about the plant’s exports to countries around the world.
Enjoyed learning more about the different ways Nebraska’s Lower Loup Natural Resources District is working to serve Nebraskans. These locally elected boards provide important services to support landowners, who work diligently to protect and manage precious natural resources in their districts.  In Nebraska we know one size does not fit all, and I’m grateful for the efforts of Nebraska’s NRDs to help respond to local needs and challenges throughout our state.
Thank you to the staff of Community Memorial Health Center in Burwell for taking the time to show me their facility this morning and update me on their experiences with Obamacare. They shared with me how the law is impacting health care in the area and its effect on long-term care.
Today, the United States celebrates the 150th anniversary of the Capitol Dome. This symbol of our democracy helped to inspire our nation as Americans worked to unite and move forward after the Civil War. Take a few minutes to watch this video exploring the history of the dome: http://www.speaker.gov/general/60-minutes-looks-capitol-domes-150th-anniversary
There is much to be thankful for this year. In Nebraska, we are fortunate to live “the Good Life” that is made possible by hardworking Nebraskans who get up early to work farms and ranches, man the factories, run our businesses, teach our children, and make a difference in our communities. Bruce and I wish everyone a safe, happy, and blessed Thanksgiving!
Yesterday I toured Blue Ox Product’s factory in Pender, NE. It was a good opportunity to learn about the company’s contributions to Nebraska’s economy and discuss some of the issues affecting its employees, including Obamacare.
Thousands of Nebraskans have received cancellation letters from their health care providers and face skyrocketing premiums and deductibles due to Obamacare. These are just a few of the countless stories that I have heard from frustrated Nebraskans.
This holiday season please take a moment to send your thanks to our men and servicewomen around the world. Find out more about how you can participate in the Holiday Mail for Heroes program here!
I was in my home room class at Millard Lefler Junior High in Lincoln when our teacher told us the President had been shot. The class immediately fell silent. It seemed only a few minutes later that there was an announcement over the intercom that school was dismissed. I walked home and found my mother and aunt, both teachers, also home from school. They were sitting on the couch crying. The next several days were spent in front of our television sharing our grief with the entire country as the nation mourned. Today, 50 years later, we reflect on the anniversary of this transformative moment in our nation’s history. President Kennedy  inspired a generation of young Americans to answer the call to public service at home and abroad.
Yesterday, I had a great discussion about ways to improve early childhood education with Michelle from the Nebraska Association for the Education of Young Children.
Nebraska's Santee Sioux Nation was honored today with the Congressional Gold Medal for the tremendous service its members performed as World War II code talkers. This is a fitting tribute to express our gratitude to all of these heroes for their work translating important wartime messages, often behind enemy lines.
Individual stories of frustration with the Affordable Care Act continue to pour into my office. The promises of Obamacare do not stack up to its realities, and it is clear that this law must be fully repealed.
While I am deeply concerned about a number of issues facing our military, the problem of sexual assault is particularly insidious. Last week, I joined a bipartisan group of senators to introduce legislation to expand protections for victims of military sexual assault and ensure accountability. Read more about this proposal in my Omaha World-Herald op-ed here: http://www.omaha.com/article/20131120/NEWS08/131129969/midlands-voices-sexual-assault-in-military-necessitates-common-sense-reforms
Great to meet with Major General Daryl Bohac today to discuss issues related to Nebraska’s National Guard. I'm grateful for his service to our state.
Today marks the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address. In that monumental speech, Lincoln called for a “new birth of freedom” in our country. His visionary words continue to inspire us as a nation.
More than 4.2 million Americans have now received cancellation letters from their healthcare providers because of Obamacare. The law’s burdensome mandates have resulted in soaring monthly premiums, higher deductibles, and millions of Americans forced out of their current coverage. Brian’s story is one of the thousands I have received from Nebraskans disappointed in Obamacare’s litany of broken promises.
Nebraskans are feeling the full effects of Obamacare: cancellation letters and soaring premiums and deductibles. Thousands of Nebraskans have written my office to share their experience with Obamacare, and I remain committed to delaying this law for all Americans.
Thousands of Nebraskans continue to contact me with stories of higher premiums and lost coverage under Obamacare. This constituent from Lincoln faces nearly double the monthly premiums of his old plan. What’s your story?
Today I joined Senators Ayotte and McCaskill to introduce an amendment to the NDAA that will strengthen protections for victims of sexual assault in the military and enhance accountability.
Thousands of Nebraskans have received cancellation letters from their health care providers and face skyrocketing premiums due to Obamacare. This is just one of the countless stories that I have heard from frustrated Nebraskans.
Millions of Americans are losing the current coverage they have and like because of the Affordable Care Act. Today I spoke on the Senate floor to share a few of the stories of hardworking Nebraskans who have contacted my office with concerns about how this disastrous law has increased their health care costs and destroyed their current plan.
I was grateful to spend the day visiting with Nebraska's brave veterans at several stops in eastern Nebraska. Thank you all for your service.
Today we honor the generations of patriots who have risked life and limb to defend our freedom. Please take a moment to pay respect to a veteran today. We owe our way of life to their service and sacrifice. Looking forward to visiting with many of our state’s veterans and joining Nebraskans at ceremonies today as we come together to salute our nation’s brave men and women who have served.
With Veterans Day around the corner, I thank the brave men and women who have answered the call to serve our country. We are forever grateful to each and every American who has served, and we salute those who have paid the highest price.
This Administration’s war on coal will hurt all Nebraska families. As EPA embarks on a “listening tour” to hear input from the public on its proposed regulations, it only makes sense that the agency actually visit the areas that will be hit hardest by these new rules. Nebraskans deserve a fair opportunity to be heard.
NA
Nebraska Watchdog reports that Nebraskans will see the 8th largest health care premium hike nationwide under Obamacare. The average increase in monthly payments for Nebraskans who buy their own insurance is 74% -- further proof that health care coverage under Obamacare is hardly affordable.
I was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former Nebraska Congressman John Y. McCollister. Today, Nebraska lost a principled fighter, our state Republican party lost a great leader, and I lost a dear friend. Congressman McCollister was devoted to public service for the entirety of his life, including his military service during World War II. He remained an indispensable member of his community, even in his later years. He truly loved Nebraska and was a gentleman with a great sense of humor who simply enjoyed life to its fullest.  I was privileged to count John as an early supporter and was honored when he agreed to co-chair my U.S. Senate campaign. I benefitted from his counsel and insight from his many years of service, both in Washington and Nebraska. Bruce and I join all Nebraskans in mourning John’s passing and send our prayers and deepest condolences to all of the McCollister family.
This afternoon, I spoke on the Senate floor to highlight how our nation’s weak economy is impacting young Americans looking for work and jeopardizing their futures. Not only do America’s young people face a discouraging job market, they’re now also required to purchase costly insurance thanks to ObamaCare. Watch my remarks here:
I was proud to greet and speak with the Nebraska veterans who visited Washington D.C. through the Honor Flight program. I thanked them for their service on behalf of all Nebraskans.
I’m joining 1100 KFAB this morning at 7:40 CT. Be sure to tune in here!
I will be joining Drive Time Lincoln on KLIN at 5:10 CT to update Nebraskans on the latest news from Washington. Tune in here… http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
ICYMI: I spoke on the Senate floor today discussing the government shutdown and its impact on Nebraskans. I also made the point that we’ve got to tackle our national debt. Watch here: http://ow.ly/pFdv5
My staff and I are here to help all affected by the tornado this evening in Wayne, Nebraska. I'm praying for those residents of Wayne impacted by the storm as they work to rebuild in days ahead.
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are currently operating on a limited basis. Most constituent services have been temporarily suspended, and replies to correspondence will likely be delayed until the shutdown is over. If you have an emergency or need more immediate assistance, please call (402) 391-3411 or (202) 224-6551 during business hours.   Serving Nebraskans is my top priority, regardless of the government's operating status. Please be assured that I will continue working with my colleagues to find a sensible resolution to this situation.
I voted “NO” today on cloture, and I voted “NO” on a funding bill that pays for ObamaCare AND ignores legally required spending caps. I could not support moving forward on Senator Reid’s plan to block all amendments EXCEPT for his own amendment to fully fund ObamaCare. I spoke yesterday on the floor about the law’s impact in Nebraska, and just this morning, we learned more news about Nebraskans’ skyrocketing premiums.
NA
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the need to delay the president’s healthcare law for ALL Americans. The American people deserve better than the broken promises and selective delays of Obamacare. Watch my remarks here:
Today is National Pediatric Brain Cancer Awareness Day! I was honored to introduce a resolution designating this day to educate families and encourage others to get involved in an important cause. Today, Nebraskans are proud to join the Hoffman family in their dedicated efforts to raise awareness for pediatric brain cancer and show support for Atkinson’s own Jack Hoffman and the thousands of children across the country suffering from this horrible disease. Today is also Jack’s birthday. Happy Birthday, Jack!
NA
I agree with StratCom Chief General Kehler that it's critical to keep our most important weapons up-to-date. Our ability to project force in the world is critical. As a Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I'm committed to stressing the importance of StratCom and its priorities not just for Nebraska, but for U.S. national security.
President Obama’s new energy regulations will jeopardize Nebraskans’ access to affordable, reliable electricity. The president should instead focus his efforts on an “all of the above” energy strategy to lower, not raise, consumer prices.
I was happy to see the 2013 Nebraska Principals of the Year today in Washington. Thank you for your hard work educating Nebraska’s students!
This morning, I spoke at the EPW Committee on how environmental regulations are slowing down infrastructure construction in Nebraska. We must ensure that the limited funding for these projects is not wasted on needless paperwork.
I appreciate Governor Heineman stopping by my DC office today to catch up and discuss important Nebraska issues.
Today we reflect on our Constitution as an enduring guide to representative and limited government. For 226 years, it has served as an example and reminder of America’s commitment to freedom and opportunity. On Constitution Day, we recommit ourselves to upholding and defending this cornerstone of our country.
My prayers are with all those affected by the tragic shooting in the U.S. Navy Yard this morning. Grateful for the work of the brave first responders and law enforcement officials on the scene.
Throughout discussion of US military action in Syria, I have called for the president to present the American people with a coherent plan. While he made an impassioned moral case in his address last night, his argument regarding a significant U.S. national interest remains weak.  I do not believe the president made an effective case, and I will not be supporting any military action at this time. Click here to read my full statement.
Today we pause to honor the memories of the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans lost in the September 11 terrorist attacks. We will never forget the images of blazing skyscrapers, a smoldering Pentagon, or a scarred Pennsylvania field. These horrific events forever changed our nation’s path as the new century began.    These tragedies also revealed once again the bravery and strength of our country and our people. Ordinary Americans commuted to work on a sunny morning, and in an instant, transformed into heroes running toward – not away from – burning buildings to save others still trying to get out. In the aftermath of the attack, among the rubble, first responders planted an American flag, signaling to the world our nation remains resolute and our values endure.    We also remember the four Americans, including our U.S. Ambassador, who were tragically killed while serving abroad in Benghazi one year ago today –  we have not forgotten. Let us keep all of the victims of these attacks, the survivors, and their families in our prayers. Today we honor the memory of those lost, we salute those who have served our nation in the years since, and we renew our resolve to defend our freedom.
Congress is gearing up for a busy month and there are several major issues before the Senate including Syria, ObamaCare’s official implementation, and the debt ceiling. Read my thoughts on these issues in my weekly note from Washington.
I’m incredibly grateful for the opportunity to visit directly with so many Nebraskans this month. As the August state work period wraps up, you can watch an overview of my trip across the state here!
This month I traveled more than 1,700 miles visiting 23 counties. I was pleased to see wonderful turnouts at the over 20 public events I hosted across the state. As the Senate resumes legislative session, I’m glad to have had the opportunity to hear directly from Nebraskans. You can read about my trip through the state on my website.
NA
Fifty years later, the March on Washington and bold leadership of Martin Luther King Jr. inspire us to continue the fight for individual liberty and equal opportunity for all. Today, we honor their dedication to these values and the spirit of those Americans who gathered to create a "more perfect union."
Looking forward to joining Drive Time Lincoln on KLIN Radio today at 5:10pm CT. Be sure to tune in! http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
Congratulations Lincoln on winning the 2013 Google eCity Award for Nebraska. The award recognizes the strongest online business community in each state. I was happy to speak at Licorice International to discuss the importance of the Internet in creating jobs and commerce.
NA
ICYMI - My LJS OpEd on the impact of ObamaCare on Nebraska small businesses: http://journalstar.com/news/opinion/editorial/columnists/local-view-rhetoric-versus-reality/article_bb9c3592-5f41-5fc7-8a42-ec51269a86d5.html
Summer is ending and students are going back to school all across Nebraska. Check out my column this week about the importance of keeping education homegrown.
The new expansion to Memorial Stadium is completed just in time to kick off Huskers football 2013 season! Go Big Red!
Thanks to Green Plains Renewable Energy for inviting me to participate in the ribbon cutting for its new plant opening yesterday in Atkinson. This new facility will provide good jobs to help grow a stronger Nebraska.
I also attended the grand opening of Green Plains Ethanol Plant and joined the Hoffman family for dinner at their home.
Great to spend time in the communities of Ainsworth and Bassett to hear thoughts & ideas from Nebraskans, including friends and neighbors.
Good to be in Ainsworth this morning. Looking forward to the Listening Session I’m holding at the Ainsworth Conference Center at 10:30 am. I’ll also be stopping in Bassett today for a Listening Session at the Range Café at 12:30pm. See you there!
Such a beautiful evening last night. Love Nebraska!
Great turnouts at the listening session yesterday in McCook and today in Holdrege. Thanks to everyone who attended to voice your concerns!
My weekly column takes a closer look at new details we’ve learned about the IRS scandal through the ongoing investigation. The president may consider the case closed, saying it’s time to move on from “phony scandals,” but the pattern of abuse by IRS officials is hardly phony. It’s all too real, and all too chilling. As the investigation moves forward, I’ll continue to push for honest answers. That’s the very least the IRS and administration owe to the American people.
Enjoyed my time in Gering/Scottsbluff this past Friday. Appreciate everyone who attended the Listening Session at the Farm and Ranch Museum. I also visited with employees of the Nebraska Transport Company and stopped by KOTA Territory News to discuss what I’ve been hearing from Nebraskans in the state this month.
I’m hosting a listening session at Mid-Plains Community College this evening at 5 pm CST. The event will be held in Tipton Hall’s Weeth Theatre. I look forward to visiting with you and hearing your thoughts on important issues!
The Hill reports President Obama has worked unilaterally to expand the regulatory state, touching nearly every aspect of American life and business. What I continue to hear from Nebraskans is that overregulation is hindering the growth of their small businesses and stifling job growth. Earlier this year, I cosponsored the REINS Act, which restores Congressional oversight in rulemaking by requiring Congress to approve any major new federal mandate from the administration. This oversight is needed to allow the American people’s elected representatives to weigh in on federal rules and mandates affecting their livelihoods.
A car collector’s dream found in our very own Pierce, Nebraska! Last night, NBC Nightly News reported an auctioneer will be putting up hundreds of classic cars from the 1950s for sale. Watch the segment here.
Nebraskans in the Scottsbluff/Gering area: I'm holding a Listening Session today at the Farm and Ranch Museum at 5pm MST. Hope to see you there!
Great group at today's ag roundtable in Bridgeport. Hearing from producers and industry leaders is vital to making good policy that strengthens our agriculture industry.
Great day today in Chadron!  Thanks to everyone who came out to today’s listening session at Chadron State College. Afterwards, I had an informative roundtable discussion with several Veteran Service officers.
Great to be in Chadron today. Looking forward to hearing from more Nebraskans at the Listening Session I'm holding at Chadron State College. I'll also be in Alliance this afternoon for a Listening Session at Knight Museum and Sandhills Center at 5pm MT. Hope you can make it!
Each day brings more news that ObamaCare is not ready for prime time. Today, we learned that the administration has delayed another key provision of the law that limits patients’ out-of-pocket costs, guaranteeing that ObamaCare will be anything but ‘affordable.’ The president has already delayed the law for big businesses, leaving the American people to face the disastrous impact Obamacare will have on their families, small businesses, and communities. Instead of following the president’s lead and selectively delaying the law for some, I remain committed to delaying  – and defunding – this law for all Americans.
I visited Mosaic last week in Omaha, and I was inspired by their work supporting individuals with intellectual disabilities. The highlight of my visit was meeting with Chris and his mother, Janey, who told me that Mosaic has made a big impact in improving their lives.
Our country faces serious fiscal challenges brought on by wasteful government spending and a lack of proper oversight. The so-called “Judgment Fund” is an example of this unaccountable spending. Over the past 7 years, Treasury has spent nearly $11 billion in Judgment Fund awards to pay court judgments against the federal government without requirements to report where the funds are going or why the government is liable in the first place. Hardworking taxpayers deserve to know how and why their money is being spent. My column this week details more about how I’m working to tackle this issue and bring accountability to Washington.
A pleasure to join my colleagues from the NE delegation this morning at annual Federal Fly-Back in Ashland. We had the opportunity to speak with a few hundred local business leaders and talk about our efforts on behalf of all Nebraskans. And of course, always grateful for the chance to spend time at the Strategic Air Command Museum.
Had another busy day in the Omaha metro area. Started out the morning with some media stops to discuss my work in the Senate. Then, I enjoyed several events and meetings with hundreds of informed and involved people from the area, including community and business leaders.
A must-see video of beautiful scenes throughout Nebraska. Looking forward to visiting many of these areas as I travel across the state this month! #TheGoodLife
Had a great day in Omaha full of informative meetings w/ several groups! Enjoyed lunch in Millard and had a terrific exchange of ideas at a listening session in Elkhorn. Capped off the day with an evening drive on the Lincoln Highway - so good to be home in Nebraska! Looking forward to another productive day in the Omaha metro area tomorrow.
I'll be joining KFAB's Good Morning Show tomorrow morning in the studio. Tune in live at 8:20am CT!
I appreciate all of the input and comments I receive from Nebraskans joining the conversation through Facebook and social media. To ensure you receive a timely response to any questions, please contact me through my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/?p=email-deb  Please also keep in mind the below policy for comments posted to this official page:  I welcome your comments and hope that this official Facebook page will serve as a forum for civil discourse. Nebraskans appreciate the value of robust debate, but also understand the importance of respecting opposing view points. I expect all language and discussions to be polite, and request that all postings on this page remain free of profane, obscene, violent or racist language, suggestions of illegal or illicit activity, and advertisements or solicitations of any kind. Furthermore, I ask that all postings refrain from discussions of political campaigns as this is an official Senate page. I retain the right to remove offensive or abusive comments and/or block users who offend this policy.
In case you missed my latest e-newsletter, read the Monthly Record for July here and sign up so you can receive next month’s update!
I’m looking forward to returning home to travel across Nebraska for the month of August. This is a great opportunity for me to hear your concerns in person and engage in a substantive discussion about important topics affecting Nebraskans’ daily lives. Please check out my public event schedule in this week’s “Note from Washington”.
The July jobs report announced this morning is further evidence we still haven't achieved a real economic recovery. The heavy burdens of Obamacare, costly government regulations, and a complicated tax code continue to weigh on all Americans and hurt job creation. I hope the President will begin to work with Congress to put forth pro-growth policies that create opportunities. Americans just want a good-paying job to provide for their families. Washington should try and help, not hinder, their efforts.
I congratulate Admiral Cecil Haney on his confirmation to be the next commander of U.S. Strategic Command.  As a former Strategic Command deputy commander, he is no stranger to its mission and the people of Nebraska. I was happy to support his nomination and look forward to working with him on efforts to support STRATCOM’s mission.
Over the past 7 years, the Treasury Department has paid out nearly $11 billion in legal settlements through the Judgment Fund. This fund has come under scrutiny as it is an unlimited amount of money available to pay for government liability and currently has no binding reporting requirements. Today, I introduced a bill to bring oversight and accountability to this use of taxpayer dollars. Learn more here.
This week a bipartisan Senate resolution I introduced calling for action to address rural call completion problems passed the Senate Commerce Committee and will now head to a full vote in the Senate. A 21st century communications infrastructure is essential for communities in both rural and urban areas across the country, and I look forward to continuing efforts with my colleagues to improve access to adequate phone and internet services for all Nebraskans.
Proud to support Jack Hoffman this morning at the Nebraska delegation breakfast.  Jack, his parents, Andy and Brianna, and Team Jack have worked tirelessly to raise awareness for pediatric brain cancer and the limited treatment options currently available.
Today, the Senate Armed Services Committee held a confirmation hearing of Admiral Cecil D. Haney as the President’s nominee to be the next commander of the U.S. Strategic Command. Among other important issues brought up to Admiral Haney related to U.S. nuclear deterrence and defense readiness, I discussed with him the value of the construction of the new command and control center at Offutt Air Force Base to STRATCOM’s overall missions.
I’m looking forward to heading back home for the August state work period! I will be traveling across the state to speak with Nebraskans about important policy issues. You can find my schedule of public events on my website.
One of the main concerns I hear from Nebraskans is the overreaching hand of federal bureaucracy in their daily lives. The EPA’s reckless behavior in releasing the personal information of farmers and ranchers is just one of the latest instances for the hundreds of private citizens, families, and business owners in our state who were affected. I’ve cosponsored legislation to make sure the release of their information that should be kept private does not happen again.
Instead of promoting a regulatory regime that will raise energy prices, kill jobs, and hurt our economy, the president should be putting forth energy proposals that face reality. Read my take on his proposed climate change plan and its  impact on Nebraska families and businesses in this week's column.
Enjoyed meeting with Nebraska student senators from American Legion Girls and Boys Nation today.
Great discussion on ag education and the farm bill with Nebraska FFA President Spencer Hartman and Secretary Bryce Doeschot.
Congrats to the Norfolk Area Chamber for being named US Chamber of the Year in Oklahoma City yesterday! Well-deserved recognition for a committed group of Nebraskans working together to support our businesses and grow a wonderful community. #ProudNebraskan
The bipartisan student loan compromise the Senate passed today will lower interest rates for all students and help middle class families afford a college education. Tying interest rates to the market will protect taxpayers and lock-in longterm, historically low rates for all loans. Rather than another temporary fix that benefits a portion of students, this solution implements lasting reforms that provide certainty for all students in a fiscally responsible manner, and I was very pleased to support it.
Yesterday, I questioned EPA’s proposed expansion of the Clean Water Act, which would increase costs and regulations on local governments and property owners. Nebraska has made great progress in environmental protection as a result of strong communication and cooperation within the state. Nebraskans need an EPA that will collaborate rather than regulate whenever possible. Watch my full remarks here.
Last week, I had the pleasure of meeting with two brave Nebraskans from Lincoln and Omaha who overcame cancer with the help of bone marrow donors.  Be The Match connects patients with a donor match for a life-saving marrow transplant.  The program has facilitated over 55,000 transplants and supports important research that has increased transplant success rates. Find out more about how you can get involved. http://bethematch.org/
The president’s energy tax plan he proposed last month is bad news for Nebraskans. The bottom line is more regulations and higher costs for middle class families, who are already over-taxed and over-regulated. I have cosponsored legislation that requires the president to submit his new energy tax proposal for a vote in Congress, rather than enacting it through executive fiat. The American people have a right to have their voices heard, and that means having their elected representatives weigh in.
American families invest time, resources, energy, and faith in growing their businesses, farms, and ranches, which many hope to pass on to the next generation. This legacy is undermined, and sometimes prevented all together, by the unfair death tax. I am proud to cosponsor legislation to fully and permanently repeal the death tax. ‘Like’ and ‘Share’ if you agree it’s time to repeal the death tax and read my weekly column to learn more.
Great to discuss ag policy with Nebraska FFA members from the Gothenburg and Sargent chapters in the Capitol today.
Congrats to Jack Hoffman and Team Jack on the big win last night at the EPSY Awards for "Best Moment!" Jack's TD run and courageous fight continue to touch America's hearts. #TeamJack
I have received the opportunity to sponsor a Senate Page for the Fall 2013 semester in Washington, D.C. The Senate Page program is a wonderful academic experience that offers a front row seat to the legislative process. I encourage interested high school juniors to visit my website for more information on how to apply! Applications are due by July 29.
More strong reviews of Nebraska's business-friendly policies. The Omaha World-Herald reports our state comes in at No. 2 on Pollina's annual ranking.
In a recent interview with Politico, U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan stated the Department of Education would be assisting in efforts to promote ObamaCare.  I have great concerns about these efforts and the use of taxpayer dollars for purposes outside the agency’s mission of educating our nation’s students. Today, I joined with several of my Republican colleagues to write Secretary Duncan to question his comments and the Department of Education’s role in the implementation of Obamacare.
Last week, I joined a small group of my colleagues on an official fact-finding trip to the Middle East. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, this was an important opportunity to visit with our military leaders and allies in this unstable region. I had the privilege to meet with Nebraskans who are serving our country overseas and join them in celebration of Independence Day. Please take a moment to read about what I encountered and learned in my weekly column.
The delay of the employer mandate reinforces what Nebraskans have suspected all along: the president's health care law is costly, unworkable, and incapable of living up to its billing. Today, I sent a letter with U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and 45 of my colleagues calling on the President to permanently delay #Obamacare for all Americans. ‘Like’ and ‘Share’ if you agree:  All American families and businesses deserve permanent relief from this disastrous law.
A great Washington Post editorial explains that there is already significant consensus between House Republicans and President Obama to address the recent student loan hike. Last month, I supported a similar long-term solution to keep student rates low and save taxpayers money. The measure, which was similar to the President’s proposal and the House-passed bill, failed. As the Post said, "Instead of continuing to fix rates based on politics and guaranteeing more distraction in a year’s time, lawmakers should finally end the mindless, recurring skirmishes over this issue."
Not surprised to see Nebraska rise to the top 5 in CNBC's America's Top States for Business, citing our state’s “Business Friendliness” and strong focus on tax reform that have produced a thriving state economy.
I will be on KLIN at 5:10 pm CT to speak with Kevin Thomas about my recent trip through the Middle East. Tune in here: http://player.tritondigital.com/2981
In case you missed it, I have launched a monthly e-newsletter “Fischer’s Monthly Record” to help keep Nebraskans updated on important issues before the Senate. Be sure to visit my website http://fischer.senate.gov to sign up to receive these e-updates from my office and read the June edition of the “Monthly Record” here. http://fischer.enews.senate.gov/common/mailings/?id=4
I had the privilege of celebrating the Fourth of July with our troops in Afghanistan. These brave men and women sacrifice so much so we can enjoy our freedoms. I was honored to share this important day with our heroes, including many Nebraskans serving overseas.
Happy Independence Day! Today we celebrate 237 years of freedom in the United States. As we gather to enjoy time with family and friends, don't forget to take a moment to reflect on the sacrifices of the men and women who continue to fight each and every day to protect our liberty.
President Ronald Reagan: “peace does not exist of its own will. It depends on us, on our courage to build it and guard it and pass it on to future generations.” My column this week stresses the importance of maintaining our country’s nuclear arsenal as an effective deterrent to emerging threats around the globe.
I am grateful to the thousands of Nebraskans who made their voices heard through phone calls, letters, and e-mails to me and my offices throughout the past several weeks. Like the majority of Nebraskans, I recognize the current immigration system is broken. Despite my efforts to amend the legislation crafted by a small group of senators, I don’t believe the final legislation adopted by the Senate is the right answer, and I could not support it.
I’m proud to work with U.S. Senator Mike Johanns on this Senate resolution commemorating the important role the Lincoln Highway has played in developing our country’s heritage by recognizing its historic centennial. As our nation’s first transcontinental highway, the Lincoln Highway revolutionized travel for Americans coast to coast and paved the way for enhanced economic development, tourism, and adventure in every community it touched.
In case you missed it, my op-ed running in today’s Politico argues that we need to modernize, not abandon our nuclear arsenal. Read it here, and ‘LIKE’ and ‘SHARE’ if you agree we need a robust nuclear deterrent to keep America safe and strong.
ICYMI: Yesterday, I delivered remarks on the Senate floor outlining in detail my concerns with the immigration reform bill. This includes shortfalls with the Gang of 8’s bill, the limited opportunity for senators to amend it, and problems with the so-called Schumer-Corker-Hoeven border surge. I provided specific examples of how this border security measure was weaker than the plans offered in 2006 and 2007 – and weaker than the amendment I offered, which has not received a vote.   Did you know that in 2006 and 2007, a biometric entry/exit system at all points of entry – air, land, and sea – was a key border security provision? In the Schumer-Corker-Hoeven amendment, a weaker electronic screening system will be installed only at air and seaports, not land points of entry. Watch my speech to learn more:
The climate plan outlined by the President today would increase compliance costs and jeopardize Nebraskans’ access to affordable, reliable electricity. The President should instead work with – not around – members of Congress on bipartisan solutions that lower energy prices for Americans and bring us closer to realizing true energy independence.
Strategic Command has benefited enormously from General Kehler’s steady leadership throughout the past year and a half, and I enjoyed a strong working relationship with him and his staff. I congratulate Admiral Cecil D. Haney, the president's nominee to replace General Kehler. I look forward to meeting with him as the Senate Armed Services Committee considers his nomination to this critical post in leading efforts to counter strategic threats across the globe.
Though I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues, the Schumer-Corker-Hoeven amendment falls short on a number of critical border security issues. Rather than simply throwing taxpayer money at the problem with promises of dramatic improvements, we need a proposal that brings about verifiable, measurable results along the southern border.   This amendment also provides provisional legal status to illegal immigrants long before border security is achieved. With this legal status comes almost certain access to billions of dollars in federal benefits – all at the expense of taxpayers.   In short, American taxpayers demand – and they deserve – better policy than the Schumer-Corker-Hoeven amendment.
It is disturbing - and indeed ironic - that after the EPA’s comedy of errors in releasing citizens’ private information to activist environmental groups, EPA employees would participate in a panel designed to educate activist groups on how to properly obtain information held by the government. Read the letter I sent today with my colleagues on this matter.
Learn about my efforts to address sexual assault in the military in my column this week. I remain committed to ensuring our men and women are the best-equipped, best-trained fighting force in the world. This includes protecting our service members – men and women – from sexual predators.
Senator Johanns and I have written a letter with 22 of our colleagues to Secretary of State John Kerry regarding the Administration’s plans to further reduce the U.S. nuclear arsenal by one third. I continue to have great concerns about the impact such a drastic reduction could have on our national security.
I spoke on the Senate floor today to express my serious concerns with President Obama’s announcement yesterday regarding plans to drastically reduce the U.S. nuclear deterrent. The strategic basis for this reduction is entirely unclear. A Washington Post editorial put it well today: “In touring Europe this week, President Obama has portrayed Russia’s Vladi¬mir Putin as a ruler with whom he can build a ‘constructive, cooperative relationship that moves us out of a Cold War mind-set.’ It’s a blinkered view that willfully ignores the Russian president’s behavior.” Watch my remarks on the Senate floor today here:
Happy to honor small businesses as a cosponsor of a bipartisan resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of National Small Business Week. The 27.9 million small businesses across America are the driving force behind our Nation’s economy and job creation. 'Like' and ‘Share’ to show your support for small businesses and the entrepreneurs, whose dreams, talents, and hard work continue to drive economic growth in Nebraska’s communities and nationwide.
Today, I filed an important amendment to the immigration bill to ensure our border is fully secure. Learn more:
I am deeply troubled by the Administration’s plans to reduce America’s nuclear deterrent by one third. A robust nuclear deterrent has kept us safe since World War II and remains a cornerstone of U.S. National security policy. The United States is already reducing its nuclear deterrent to comply with the New START Treaty obligations. Further disarmament is premature.  I will be working with my colleagues to ensure our nuclear deterrent remains modern and effective in an increasingly dangerous world.
I believe it’s wrong to tax hardworking Americans twice – once when they earn their money, and again when they give it away. Nebraskans know all too well that small business owners and family farmers and ranchers are hit hardest by the federal estate tax. I’m proud to cosponsor the Death Tax Repeal Act to abolish this unfair burden on our chief job creators and their families. "Like" if you agree: It's time to repeal the death tax.
Excited to announce my new DC office location in 383 Russell Senate Office Building. I look forward to seeing Nebraskans visiting Washington in our new space!
After many months of hard work, the Senate Armed Services Committee passed a bipartisan defense policy bill last week. This legislation makes sure our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to fulfill their missions. I was pleased that the bill also supports STRATCOM’s vital missions of missile defense and nuclear deterrence.
I'm excited to be back in Nebraska for the 2013 College World Series of Omaha, Inc., going 63 years strong. Good luck to all the teams and welcome to the great state of Nebraska!
My office is currently accepting applications for internships in Nebraska and in Washington, DC. This experience offers an opportunity for interested Nebraskans to learn first-hand about the legislative process and Senate operations. The form to submit an application is available on my website. Please mail this form to any one of my offices by July 15 to apply for an internship this fall.
It’s The U.S. Army's 238th Birthday today. Take time to help celebrate and honor their continued dedication to protecting and defending our Nation at home and abroad. Thank you for your service and keeping Americans safe.
I appreciate that the Department of Interior has extended the public comment period for the proposed Niobrara Confluence and Ponca Bluffs Conservation area. The hundreds of Nebraskans who have contacted my office on this matter have reasonable cause to be concerned about the federal government seizing or controlling such a vast quantity of private land. This extension will ensure local residents affected by the proposal have sufficient time to asses its potential impacts and voice their legitimate concerns.
The sexual assault crisis in our military is simply unacceptable. As I have said all along, this is not a gender issue; it is a violence issue. After working with my colleagues on meaningful, bipartisan legislation that will make a real difference in addressing this scourge, I am pleased the two amendments I cosponsored to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) were adopted.
Flag Day. Honoring our flag and reflecting on our freedoms.
The multi-year farm bill which passed the Senate this week bolsters American agriculture policy and Nebraska’s economy. Read my column to learn more about why I supported this legislation, and how I will continue to work to achieve additional savings by cutting unnecessary spending.
Today, the Senate began work to reform our broken immigration system. I have serious concerns with the Gang of 8’s plan and I cannot support the current bill. I intend to work with my colleagues to pass a number of needed commonsense, conservative amendments, which would be necessary to secure my support for the legislation, including:        - Define measurable standards and provide necessary resources to secure the border;       - Remove the so-called ‘pathway to citizenship’ so those who broke our Nation’s laws are not rewarded with the privilege of citizenship;       - Defend American workers and provide necessary labor for growing economic sectors; and       - Protect hardworking taxpayers from paying for new government programs and benefits for those who broke our Nation’s laws.
Today I supported the multi-year farm bill, which will provide certainty for Nebraska’s farmers so they can continue to produce healthy, safe products to feed the Nation and the world. Failure to pass this legislation would cause America’s agriculture policies to revert back to those of the World War II era – an untenable position for hardworking Nebraskans competing in a competitive global market.   At the same time, over 80 percent of funding in this bill goes toward the nutrition title, which received only a fraction of cuts compared to the overall hit taken by agriculture. While several amendments I supported to achieve further savings in the nutrition title did not prevail, I will continue to support efforts to eliminate unnecessary spending as Congress continues the legislative conference process.
I had the opportunity to address tomorrow's leaders at the graduation ceremony for Cornhusker Boys State this morning. Fine young men from across Nebraska. We expect great things from all of you.
It was an honor and privilege to address the 92nd VFW Convention Friday afternoon in Omaha and see so many good friends. Thank you again for your sacrifice and service.
As a direct response to the hundreds of constituents who have contacted my office on this matter, I have sent a letter with Senator Johanns to question Interior Secretary Jewell about potential federal land acquisitions in Nebraska. Local residents are already excellent stewards of the natural resources entrusted to them, and they are rightly concerned about the federal government seizing or controlling the land they have proudly taken care of for so long.  They deserve more information about the Department of Interior’s proposal and its potential impacts.   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=cb1aef72-8a22-4504-85ed-119d18dfbb50
Today, I voted to move forward on a measure proposed by a few of my Republican colleagues that would implement meaningful reforms to address interest rates for all federal student loans. Unfortunately, this fair proposal did not receive enough votes to advance. When it comes to student loan interest rates, Nebraskans know we don’t need another temporary fix paid for with a permanent tax hike. We need a lasting solution with real reforms that helps American middle class families. Read more in my column: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-column?ID=7f44c936-8cc1-4bc2-ade4-906b4b82c353
Omaha was ranked 4th nationally in G.I. Jobs magazine’s list of Top 50 Military Friendly Cities. As home to many returning and active duty service members, veterans, and their families, Nebraska is proud to welcome these great Americans to our communities and ensure they have opportunities for a smooth transition back to civilian life after completing their dedicated service to our Nation. http://militaryfriendly.com/city
Today is the 69th Anniversary of the D-Day Invasion – the battle that turned the tide of war to liberate a continent.  Before the invasion, General Eisenhower spoke to his troops saying, “You are about to embark upon the great crusade toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you...I have full confidence in your courage, devotion to duty and skill in battle.” The fighters of D-Day did not disappoint, and we are forever grateful.    Some rare photos from before and after the D-Day invasion are available here: http://life.time.com/history/wwii-before-and-after-d-day-color-photos-from-england-and-france-1944/#4
Today I discussed Nebraska’s vibrant beef industry with Meghan Anderson and Brady Revels, who are representing Nebraska at the National Cattlemen's Beef Association Young Cattlemen’s Conference. Our state is home to more than 18,000 beef producers and more than 1.8 million head of cattle.
Shout-out to the wonderful group of 4-H students from Cherry County and Thomas County who are visiting DC this week. After this morning's Nebraska Breakfast, Congressman Adrian Smith and I took a photo with the students on the steps of the Capitol. It's always great to see young Nebraskans here in Washington.
On top of the IRS' unfair, unconstitutional targeting of conservative groups, it’s shocking to learn this agency also spent nearly $50 million on extravagant conferences and wasteful parody videos since 2010 alone. How can the American people have confidence in this agency to carry out its basic responsibilities, let alone oversee the implementation of ObamaCare? The World-Herald Editorial Board put it right: "the IRS is facing a trust gap." "Like" and "Share" if you agree.
NA
Congratulations to the college students receiving the National Retail Federation Foundation 2013 Ray M. Greenly Scholarship. Anna Keiser, a Gothenburg-native and student at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, was 1 of 26 recipients awarded a scholarship.
Great to visit with Rural Radio at KRVN in Lexington yesterday. In case you missed the interview on the air, here is a recap of our discussion about some of the latest news and my recent legislative efforts in Washington.
Warnings of storms are continuing across Nebraska. Please take time to review the Nebraska Emergency Management Agency Severe Storms Guide to Survival for tips on how to monitor weather conditions as we face hail, high winds, flooding, and possible tornadoes. Also, the American Red Cross has a Tornado Warning & Alert App providing step-by-step instructions for how to prepare for a tornado, which you can download here: http://www.redcross.org/mobile-apps/tornado-app.
Enjoyed hearing from Nebraskans during yesterday’s Constituent Listening Session in Sidney, where we discussed how issues at the federal level are affecting their daily lives. Thanks to all who attended.
Congratulations to Maj. Gen. Judd H. Lyons, Adjutant General of the Nebraska National Guard, for being named the Deputy Director of the U.S. Army National Guard. This promotion recognizes Gen. Lyons' dedication to protecting our state and country. I extend my deepest gratitude to Gen. Lyons for his leadership in Nebraska as he has lead the Nebraska National Guard to respond to several challenging disasters including the 2012 wildfires and the 2011 flooding of the Platte and Missouri Rivers.
Pleased to introduce a bipartisan resolution with Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) and Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD) calling for action to improve communications for communities across the United States, including rural and urban areas. Small businesses throughout Nebraska simply cannot thrive without a 21st century communications infrastructure. I will continue to work with my colleagues to find ways to improve access to adequate phone and Internet service for all Nebraskans. Learn more about our resolution here:
Yesterday in Gering, I was given a wonderful tour of the Community Action Partnership of Western Nebraska Health Center by CAPWN’s Executive Director Jan Fitts and the Director of Health Services Jeff Tracy. Thank you for all you do to enhance Nebraska communities by strengthening families and individuals to help improve their lives.
Thank you for helping me reach 1,000 “Likes” on Facebook! Hearing from Nebraskans is the most important part of my job, and I value the feedback I receive from all constituents through social media. Please help me spread the word to more Nebraskans by “sharing” this page as an additional way to stay updated on my activity in the state and in Washington. I look forward to continuing the conversation with all of you!
NA
Wishing you all a safe Memorial Day. Take a moment to reflect and honor the heroes we have lost courageously serving our country at home and abroad. Let us never forget the meaning behind this day, or take for granted the freedom Americans continue to enjoy because of the courage, patriotism, and extraordinary sacrifice of our fallen heroes. I will be observing Memorial Day by attending local events in and around Scottsbluff. If you are in the area, please feel free to join. Find more information here:
NA
I'll begin our Memorial Day instate work period in the Nebraska Panhandle and finish with meetings in Omaha on June 1st. Looking forward to visiting with Nebraskans as I travel the state. So great to be where we have "The Good Life" - Nebraska!
Today U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and I introduced legislation to authorize the U.S. Treasury to mint commemorative coins celebrating Boys Town’s 100th anniversary. Nebraska is proud to be the home of this wonderful child and family services organization committed to helping those in need. This commemorative coin will highlight Boys Town’s positive impact on communities and families nationwide. Learn more here:
In case you missed it, I spoke on the Senate floor this morning to discuss the many unanswered questions surrounding the IRS scandal, Department of Justice's overreach in surveilling reporters, and the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi. It's time for answers, “Like” and “Share” if you agree. Here’s the video of my floor speech:
My thoughts and prayers go out to the residents and first responders impacted by the horrific tornadoes in the Midwest and Oklahoma.
I was honored to deliver the commencement address to the graduates of the College of Saint Mary yesterday. Congratulations to all in the graduating class of 2013! Such a talented group of women with bright futures ahead of them. I look forward to seeing all that they accomplish.
NA
The resignation of acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller is a good first step, but the President must do much more to restore the public’s trust than ask for the resignation of just one official. Upcoming congressional hearings and related criminal investigations will be critical in reforming this broken government agency.
Joining 1110 KFAB OMAHA'S NEWS SOURCE Good Morning Show live at 7:40 AM CT to talk about the IRS scandal and overreach by the Department of Justice. Listen here:
As we observe National Peace Officers Memorial Day today and fly our flags at half-staff, I also join Americans in honoring the sacrifice of the courageous fallen officers who have served our country. It’s wonderful to welcome our nation’s law enforcement officers to DC for National Police Week. I continue to be inspired by the bravery they demonstrate in their work every day to keep us safe.
My Senate Republican colleagues and I sent a letter to the President demanding the Administration’s full compliance with congressional investigation requests to get to the bottom of the IRS scandal. The American people deserve answers about how those responsible for the shameful targeting of conservative groups will be held accountable and what will be done to ensure this unconstitutional discrimination does not happen again. “LIKE” and “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/13xque9
In case you missed it, here’s video of my floor speech this morning on the IRS scandal and recent reports of the Department of Justice’s secret collection of the phone records of reporters and editors of The Associated Press. There is no place for this type of methodical government overreach in democracy or the United States. The American people deserve a government that jealously guards the liberties of its citizens, not a government that tramples on its basic constitutional rights.
I will be speaking on the Senate floor at approximately 9:55 am CT today regarding the IRS scandal and the Department of Justice’s secret obtainment of phone records of Associated Press journalists. To watch live, tune into CSPAN2 or click here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Recent reports of the IRS’ deliberate targeting of conservative organizations for scrutiny are alarming and outrageous. As the Washington Post editorial board rightly noted, "A bedrock principle of U.S. democracy is that the coercive powers of government are never used for partisan purpose." This behavior of IRS agency personnel is a serious betrayal of public trust and requires a full investigation to uncover how and why such inexcusable and unfair harassment of conservative taxpayers occurred. Those responsible must be held accountable – apologies just won't cut it.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/playing-politics-with-tax-records/2013/05/10/e36dfe5a-b9b7-11e2-aa9e-a02b765ff0ea_story.html
NA
Congratulations to the Peppermill & EKV Lounge in my hometown, Valentine. May is Beef month. Celebrate with our great Nebraska beef!
ICYMI: Here is more information about the bipartisan amendment I introduced with three of my colleagues to provide commonsense regulatory relief for farmers. Nebraskans know that when it comes to the agriculture industry, one size does not fit all. I’m very pleased that the Senate has unanimously adopted this measure, which will go a long way in easing unnecessary and costly regulatory burdens stemming from the EPA’s SPCC rule.   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=b3515074-ae8e-438b-b203-98f8499dae41
ALERT! Excited to announce that this evening, the Senate adopted a bipartisan amendment I introduced with Senators Mark Pryor (D-Ark.), Mary Landrieu (D-La.), and Jim Inhofe (R-Okl.), to change unnecessary, burdensome environmental regulations that would adversely impact our farmers. The Senate’s unanimous approval of this amendment is a huge victory for farmers throughout Nebraska and across America, who are dealing with onerous new regulations for their on-farm fuel tanks.
I was delighted to meet two inspiring young women today, My’Kah Knowlin of Lincoln & Alexandra Baxter of Omaha. Both were honored with The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards for outstanding volunteer service.
The Cornhusker State ranks 9th for the best states for retirement. Here are a few key reasons why "The Good Life" made the top 10: http://www.bankrate.com/finance/retirement/best-states-for-retirement.aspx#slide=3
Happy National Teacher Appreciation Day! So thankful for the teachers in Nebraska and across the country working hard every day to provide students with the invaluable gift of education. Share a story about a favorite teacher who had a positive influence on your life.
UPDATE: This evening, the U.S. Senate adopted the Marketplace Fairness Act with broad bipartisan support. This bill is not a new tax, and it does not increase taxes – it simply levels the playing field. Rather than giving an edge to large Internet companies based in other states, the legislation treats large online sellers the same as Nebraska’s small town, Main Street merchants. Government should not be in the business of picking "winners" and "losers." By giving online sellers a free pass from collecting state sales tax, the federal government is actively undermining millions of small business owners who invest in our communities and create jobs.  Learn more here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=3a0bdaaa-1158-4f72-b36c-db19f9e5c83b
Working beside Kay Orr, Nebraska’s only woman governor, was a steady partner and great man: Bill Orr. Bill was above all a gracious gentleman steeped in faith; he was a loving father and a loyal friend to those of us privileged to know him. Bruce and I extend to Kay and the entire Orr family our prayers and deepest condolences as we mark Bill’s passing.
NA
$70 billion is the reported regulatory cost reported by federal agencies over the past 4 years. And the red tape keeps coming… I cosponsored the Regulatory Responsibility for our Economy Act, which requires the executive branch to repeal unnecessary rules and streamline or repeal regulatory actions that are overly burdensome.
Today, Bruce and I join the millions of Americans observing National Day of Prayer and are grateful that freedom of religion is a celebrated founding principle of our country. My family and I continue to pray for the health, safety, and prosperity of Nebraskans and all Americans, including the brave men and women in uniform fighting to defend us at home and abroad.
Senator Fischer visits with constituents, small businesses, and colleges in communities across Southeast Nebraska, including Nebraska City, Peru, Auburn, Falls City, Beatrice, and Crete.
We're having a good tour of southeast Nebraska during this Senate recess. We've visited the vibrant communities of Nebraska City, Auburn and Falls City the last 2 days and had the opportunity to see the many businesses and facilities that make these towns so great! Today we're in Beatrice and Crete. Nebraska's hardworking and innovative people make our state a wonderful place to live and work.
Senator Fischer visits with constituents, small businesses, and colleges in communities across Southeast Nebraska, including Nebraska City, Peru, Auburn, Falls City, Beatrice, and Crete.
I am so grateful that Jack Hoffman had the opportunity to meet with President Obama in the Oval Office today, a very special memory for a remarkable young man. Learn more about my resolution to honor Team Jack and raise awareness for the thousands of children suffering from pediatric brain cancer here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/4/senate-adopts-fischer-resolution-honoring-jack-hoffman-raising-pediatric-brain-cancer-awareness
Senator Fischer visits with constituents, small businesses, and colleges in communities across Southeast Nebraska, including Nebraska City, Peru, Auburn, Falls City, Beatrice, and Crete.
Wishing you all a Happy Arbor Day! In 1885, Arbor Day was named a legal holiday in Nebraska and J. Sterling Morton’s birthday, April 22, was selected as the date for its permanent observance. I have cosponsored a joint resolution introduced by U.S. Senator Mike Johanns designating the last Friday in April as Arbor Day.
So pleased the Senate unanimously adopted the bipartisan resolution I offered with Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) honoring the story of a beloved Nebraska native and personal hero of mine, Jack Hoffman, while raising awareness for pediatric brain cancer. In case you missed it live, here’s the video of my speech on the Senate floor today introducing the resolution that designates September 26, 2013 as “National Pediatric Brain Cancer Awareness Day.”
I will be speaking on the Senate floor around 12:00 pm CT about Team Jack and the resolution I am introducing to promote pediatric brain cancer awareness. Tune in to CSPAN-2 to watch live or online here: http://cs.pn/i1Erdp
Another day, another example of government waste. The Washington Post reports, the government will squander $890,000 this year on service fees for empty bank accounts. The article rightly notes: “There are plenty of problems like this one ... that make spending money seem easier than saving it." Agencies like the FAA should be looking to sensibly cut waste rather than furloughing critical personnel and unnecessarily delaying your flight.
Happy 105th Birthday U.S. Army Reserve. Thank you for your continued dedication to protect and defend our nation. I appreciate and admire the service of these men and women who risk life and limb to keep Americans safe.
Senator Mark Begich (D-Alaska) and I introduced legislation that would require the Government Accountability Office to submit a report updating Congress on the progress of the FCC’s Universal Service Fund (USF) reforms. These reforms will impact both rural and urban Nebraska communities as the federal government seeks to address insufficient broadband access. I hope the Senate will quickly pass this commonsense, bipartisan legislation.
This year’s Third District Service Academy Open House will be May 4th in Grand Island from 10:00 am – 1:00 pm CDT. Learn more details here about this event for Nebraska’s interested young men and women to learn about opportunities available to them through our nation’s fine service academies and ROTC:
Earth Day was first officially commemorated 43 years ago. Conservation is a priority of my family as well as many others throughout the state of Nebraska. Take time today and continue the tradition by enjoying the vast natural resources we have in Nebraska. What is your favorite place to go in our state to appreciate nature?
Bruce and I would like to congratulate our friends and longtime Nebraska ranchers, the Beel family, for receiving the 2013 Nebraska Leopold Conservation Award. This prestigious award celebrates outstanding stewardship among landowners. For 75 years, the Beel family has cared for the land and livestock on their family ranch near Johnstown, Nebraska and passed down their commitment of responsible management of our natural environment from generation to generation.
Grateful for the brave federal, state, and local law enforcement officials who tirelessly pursued and finally apprehended those responsible for Monday's bombings. God bless Boston, and God bless America.
I appreciate the comments and input I receive from all Nebraskans on social media. As a reminder, below is the comment policy to keep in mind when posting to my official Facebook page:  I welcome your comments and hope that this official Facebook page will serve as a forum for civil discourse. Nebraskans appreciate the value of robust debate, but also understand the importance of respecting opposing view points. I expect all language and discussions to be polite, and request that all postings on this page remain free of profane, obscene, violent or racist language, suggestions of illegal or illicit activity, and advertisements or solicitations of any kind. Furthermore, I ask that all postings refrain from discussions of political campaigns as this is an official Senate page. I retain the right to remove offensive or abusive comments and/or block users who offend this policy.
This evening, I voted against several measures that would have curtailed the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens.   I cosponsored, and voted in favor, of an amendment offered by Senators Cruz and Grassley that would have reduced violent crime by enhancing the federal government’s ability to prosecute those who fail background checks, or purchase weapons for criminals. The amendment improves the existing background check system by increasing access to mental health records; it also bolsters school safety.   Importantly, the Cruz-Grassley amendment would have fully preserved the constitutional rights of Nebraskans – a necessary requirement for me to support it. Unfortunately, the Senate did not adopt this commonsense measure.
Bringing a bit more Nebraska to Washington - Excited to learn that the new DC Metro rail cars will be made in Lincoln, Nebraska.
In case you missed it: On Tax Day, I spoke on the Senate floor about the need for a simpler, fairer tax code for American taxpayers. Nebraskans should not have to waste their time navigating our current complicated code of 73,608 pages or pay for expensive financial advisers just to fork over more money to Uncle Sam. Watch my speech calling for comprehensive tax reform here:
I join all Nebraskans in praying for The Boston Marathon runners, volunteers, spectators, and their family members. Also thankful for the heroic first responders on the scene – praying for their continued safety as well.
After the average American taxpayer spent 13 hours on filing taxes, Tax Day is here, and so is the need for a simpler, fairer tax code. Today, Americans are reminded that our complicated code needs comprehensive reform from page 1 to page 73,608.   My recent column details more: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-column?ID=3d0bd56a-f636-40ba-b7bc-e79244be256a
Congressman Jeff Fortenberry and I will host a "US Military Day" on Saturday, April 20, 2013 at Lincoln Southwest High School. Hope to see you there!
Friday’s Omaha World-Herald featured an article on StratCom's efforts to help diffuse threats and respond to the Korean conflict. The men and women at StratCom continue to do critical work to keep us safe and remain committed to ensuring peace and stability to our nation and our allies.
Congratulations to agricultural equipment supplier Petersen Ag Systems, Inc., based in Norfolk, for being named the 2013 Nebraska Small Business of the year by the U.S. Small Business Administration! Small businesses continue to be a driving force behind economic growth and job creation, and it’s important we recognize the impact of local business owners and entrepreneurs in Nebraska’s communities and across the country. http://www.petersenagsystems.com
ICYMI: I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about the budget proposal recently released by President Obama. I'm pleased the president has finally put forward some specific proposals to reform and save critical programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. However, I’m disappointed this budget calls for $1.1 trillion more in taxes - more tax hikes, more spending, more debt, and no balanced budget. Watch the my floor speech here:
Always great to see Nebraska students visiting Washington, DC! Students from Clearwater-Orchard High School were participating in the Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs.
NA
For the past several weeks, I've been asking Nebraskans to submit suggestions to help roll back burdensome federal regulations. Today, I highlighted a great example of overregulation from Coleridge, NE during the confirmation hearing of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) administrator nominee, Gina McCarthy. Watch the video here:
Congratulations to Brian Daniell the Assistant Principal of the Year from Waverly High School Vikings. Mr. Daniel is representing Nebraska at the Assistant Principal of the Year conference in DC. I appreciate his hard work and dedication to education.
I will be questioning the Environmental Protection Agency administrator nominee Gina McCarthy on the need for regulatory reform. Watch the hearing live:
I'll be talking to KFAB's Good Morning Show at 7:40 am CT. Tune in!   http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
I am disappointed the president’s budget includes more taxes and does not balance. However, I am encouraged by the president’s willingness to reform and save Medicare and Social Security. Read my statement here:
During the past two weeks, I traveled across the state to meet with business and community leaders, citizens, and students to listen to their concerns and discuss my work in the U.S. Senate. After speaking directly with my constituents, it is crystal clear that the vast majority of Nebraskans oppose the Senate’s gun control proposals. Thousands of phone calls, letters, and e-mails to my offices further reinforce this position. Accordingly, I intend to use any legislative tools at my disposal to oppose measures curtailing Second Amendment rights and I will oppose efforts to advance related legislation.   Furthermore, the proposals currently offered would have little or no effect on violent crime – the very problem we are seeking to address in the first place. A number of federal laws to keep firearms out of the hands of criminals are already on the books. The Department of Justice has under-enforced these laws, choosing not to prosecute individuals who fail existing background checks to purchase firearms. Ensuring that current laws are fully enforced should be our top priority.
During the Red-White Spring Game at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, a 7 year-old cancer patient, Jack Hoffman, stole our hearts as he scored a 69 yard touchdown! If you missed "The Run," watch the video below and to find out more about this inspiring young man, check out Team Jack on Facebook.
Another day, another example of government waste.
Here is footage from my maiden speech on the Senate floor earlier today. I used the speech to discuss my plans to bring Nebraska values to Washington.
Looking forward to delivering my maiden speech on the Senate floor this afternoon at 3:30 pm CT/2:30 pm MT. You can tune in on C-SPAN2 to see the speech live or watch online here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
A grocer’s daughter who rose to become Britain’s first female Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher will always be remembered for her steely resolve and transformational leadership. Alongside her partner and friend, Ronald Reagan, Thatcher helped lead the world beyond the Iron Curtain’s long shadow to a freer, more prosperous time. The Iron Lady’s legacy of unflinching boldness in confronting economic doldrums at home and pervasive communism abroad stands as a gold standard for all elected leaders seeking the political courage to make difficult decisions.
NA
Wednesday I listened to the stories of children and adults from the Nebraska JDRF Heartland Chapter affected by Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) and we discussed the Special Diabetes Program bill renewal. JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) is the largest supporter of T1D research as they continue to "walk" for a cure. Get involved in the Lincoln and Omaha areas by participating in the "Walk to Cure Diabetes," click here: 
 http://www2.jdrf.org/site/PageServer?ts=1365092087821&pagename=walk_event_list&state=NE
Today, I joined my colleagues on the Environment and Public Works Committee in sending a letter to the EPA questioning its decision to release the personal information of private citizens to environmental groups. The EPA’s actions demonstrate blatant disregard for the personal privacy of small businesses owners, farmers, and ranchers. Read our letter requesting answers here:   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/4/fischer-vitter-epa-giving-out-personal-information-of-private-citizens-to-environmental-groups
Enjoyed my visit to Bellevue University and was very impressed with their online program which allows our servicemen and women to take classes while overseas. Nebraska is fortunate to have strong academic institutions that provide programs to meet the needs of our graduate and undergraduate veterans, active-duty, and reservist students.
Have you submitted your ideas on how to cut the red tape of overregulation yet? I recently launched a forum for Nebraskans to help address the need for comprehensive regulatory reform. Read my column to learn how to send me your comments and suggestions to roll back regulations:
Will be joining “Drive Time Lincoln” with Kevin Thomas on KLIN News Talk Radio 1400 AM/94.5 FM at 5:40 pm CT. You can tune in here:
ICYMI: Enjoyed talking with Norfolk Daily News about my efforts to establish strong bipartisan relationships in Nebraska and DC. This week I'm meeting with constituents throughout the state and had a great visit with constituents at the Norfolk Area Chamber on Monday.
While in Norfolk on Monday, I toured a Nebraska farm equipment company, Dinkel Implement Co., which was started in 1952 and continues to be a thriving family business. It is important to provide the necessary tools for Nebraska businesses to succeed and one of the many ways is by eliminating unnecessary regulations. If you haven't yet submitted your ideas for regulatory reform, be sure to send me what specific regulations you believe should be rolled back on my website here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/3/fischer-invites-nebraskans-to-help-roll-back-burdensome-regs
As I mark my first 100 days as a U.S. Senator, I’ve been working hard to cut spending and reach across the aisle on bipartisan efforts that address the concerns of Nebraskans. Read more in my op-ed looking back on my work thus far in Washington:   http://m.journalstar.com/news/opinion/editorial/columnists/local-view-my-first-days-as-u-s-senator/article_e9e6606f-3c41-5a39-b015-aefd857f8684.html
In case you missed it, I had a great discussion with Steve White from NTV News about my initiative to bring regulatory relief to Nebraskans and my first 90 days in office. http://www.nebraska.tv/story/21823033/fischer-make-impression-in-first-90-days
Wonderful to see the progress in the construction of NebraskaLand National Bank headquarters in North Platte last week. During the tour, I also spoke with KNOP-TV News 2 about my latest work in Washington. You can catch the interview here:
UPDATE: Today, the UN adopted the Arms Trade Treaty, with the US voting in support. I remain concerned about the negative impact this treaty will have on our Constitutional freedom and will oppose ratification of this treaty by the Senate.
Lincoln has been named the top US city for well-being. No surprise for us in Nebraska. Nebraskans are truly living 'The Good Life.' http://bit.ly/Ydcqoq
Like many Nebraskans, I'm concerned about recent developments w/ the UN Arms Trade Treaty. With Iran, Syria, and North Korea asserting they have no intention of abiding by the terms of the treaty, it is clearer than ever that we have nothing to gain from this flawed international pact. That's why I support S. Con. Res. 7 – a bipartisan resolution with 33 cosponsors that makes it clear the Arms Trade Treaty undermines Constitutional freedoms of American gun owners should not be ratified by the Senate.
NA
Visited the Fort Kearney Red Cross today. Great to learn about their many different services to help keep Nebraskans safe providing disaster preparation and relief. Check out their free mobile apps complete with safety tips and severe weather warnings: http://www.redcross.org/prepare/mobile-apps
A new study estimates Nebraskans' health care claims costs will go up 30.8% per-person, per-month by 2017. While traveling around the state this week, Nebraskans continue to voice their concern about the costly effects this law will have on their families and small businesses. http://yhoo.it/1095UNP
Good to see manufacturing alive and well at Hughes Brothers, Inc. this morning. It's important that these businesses have an economic environment in which they can continue to grow our economy and create jobs. Learn about my latest efforts to help relieve job creators of unnecessary burdens and roll back regulations here: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/rolling-back-regulations
In case you missed it, I’m inviting Nebraskans to help roll back burdensome regulations. Watch this video to learn how you can get involved and share if you know someone whose farm, ranch, or business is being negatively impacted by overregulation:
Are federal regulations hindering your ability to run your business, farm, or ranch? Today I announced "Rolling Back Regulations: Nebraskans Speak Out," a new opportunity for Nebraskans to voice specific regulations they believe are unnecessary or overly burdensome. Please visit my website to submit your suggestions for federal regulations you believe should be rolled back, and "Like" and "Share" if you support this effort to get to work cutting the red tape.
NA
While I was initially encouraged that, after four years, the Senate planned to produce a budget, I am disappointed in the result: more taxes, more spending, and more debt. Nebraskans are tired of these failed tax-and-spend policies;  we can do better. It’s time for lawmakers to step up, make tough decisions, and do their jobs.  "Like" if you agree, enough taxes and enough spending.
Here’s some real bipartisanship, folks:  During yesterday/this morning's budget vote-a-rama, the Senate unanimously adopted an amendment I offered w/ Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) to highlight the need to bring broadband services to rural areas. Though I ultimately couldn't support the budget, I am pleased this important, bipartisan amendment was adopted.  Note: NOT a dime added to the deficit and some attention was finally paid to technologically underserved Americans.
Pleased to join my colleagues, including 34 Democrats, in the successful vote last night to repeal the tax on medical-device sales, which is key to funding ObamaCare. The measure is a great step towards rolling back key portions of this controversial law that hurts American jobs and competitiveness. "Like" and "share" if you agree.
Will join Gary Sadlemyer on KFAB Good Morning Show at 8:20 am CT. Tune in LIVE here: http://www.iheart.com/live/1325/?autoplay=true
Wondering where we can cut spending? Here's a one-stop-shop for good places to start. “Like” and “share” this website if you agree we need responsible cuts to wasteful government spending.
A must read article about my dear friend and colleague, Lt. Governor Lavon Heidemann, and his family farm roots. Lavon is a great example of a hardworking farmer and public servant.
Unfortunately, the Senate passed another massive $1.1 trillion spending bill that includes more pork barrel spending. I opposed the continuing resolution because:  • A number of ‘cost-savings’ included the bill are the result of legislative gimmicks, not meaningful spending cuts. • The legislation was crafted behind closed doors and jammed through the Senate by the Majority Leader, who limited opportunity for senators to amend and improve the bill. For example, the Majority Leader would not allow consideration of an important amendment impacting service at airports in Grand Island, Sioux City, and Cheyenne; these airports provide travel services to many Nebraskans. • It failed to include needed flexibility to target wasteful spending rather than the harmful cuts to critical government services. • The legislation funds the implementation of the controversial healthcare law.  I believe we've had enough gimmicks; it's time for meaningful spending cuts.
Nebraska Ag Fact: Every dollar in our state's agricultural exports generates $1.34 in economic activities such as transportation, financing, warehousing, and production. Happy Ag Week!
Not only did we have a fantastic youth presence at the Nebraska Breakfast this morning, U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and I had the opportunity to meet with over 100 Nebraska students participating in the Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs.
So pleased I was able to meet with five outstanding young leaders from the UNL College of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources. These students are serving as representatives for the Agriculture Future of America (AFA) and Nebraska 4-H Foundation at National Ag Day. We had a great discussion about the Ag Day festivities, key issues young farmers and ranchers are facing, and the need to pass a multi-year farm bill.
Today is the 40th anniversary of National Ag Day! George Washington once said, "Agriculture is the most healthful, most useful and most noble employment of man." Take time to help thank and celebrate the family farmers and ranchers in your community this week.
NA
March 17-23 is National Ag Week! "Like" and "Share" to show your support for the farmers and ranchers across the country whose knowledge, hard work, and dedication meet the growing need for food, feed, fuel, and fiber.
UPDATE: I'm cosponsoring an amendment to prevent unnecessary sequestration furloughs by providing the Administration with flexibility to make smarter spending cuts. This amendment will allow agencies to target wasteful, low-priority programs while still cutting out-of-control spending. Learn more about the amendment here:
Excited to welcome the Nebraska National Guard Agribusiness Development Team No. 3 and the 43rd Operational Support Airlift Detachment back home to our state. We are very proud of these men and women who serve our country. Thank you for your service.
"Like" if you support my vote yesterday to defund ObamaCare. Under this costly law, Americans will continue to see their premiums rise, quality of care diminish, and job creation suffer. Americans deserve better.
Friday I had the opportunity to participate in the annual Jefferson County Agri-Business Banquet hosted by the Fairbury Jeffs High School FFA Chapter and shared the evening with farmers, area business representatives, and members of Nebraska FFA.
Congratulations to the Nebraska National Guard for earning two prestigious U.S. Air Force unit awards and to the 11 individual National Guard Airmen and Soldiers for receiving honors.
I had a great sit-down with Agri-Pulse Communications, Inc. recently for its “Meet the Freshman” series. Watch the full interview to hear more about my background as a rancher and the importance of agriculture in our country.
Glad to see this must-read op-ed in the World-Herald by my friend and President of the Nebraska Farm Bureau, Steve Nelson. I was able to speak with him in Washington this week about the importance of saving meat inspector jobs for Nebraska’s workers and economy. USDA should find other low priority areas to cut back instead of jeopardizing valuable jobs and national food security.
I'm pleased to offer bipartisan legislation that raises the exemption levels for fuel storage capacity to better reflect the spill risk and financial resources of farms. Nebraskans know one size does not fit all, particularly when it comes to regulations impacting the agriculture industry.
NA
I'm pleased to see the House of Representatives focusing on tax reform. My recent column, “73,608 Pages,” expresses hope that my colleagues in the Senate will come together and find ways to create a simpler, fairer tax code for Americans. The House Ways and Means Committee is currently accepting tax reform proposals from constituents and I encourage you to submit your suggestions in a Word document to tax.reform@mail.house.gov by the April 15 deadline. Your input is important in this process. Click here to learn more:
Great read from the Wall Street Journal editorial board this morning. Instead of furloughing meat inspectors, USDA should be cutting spending on travel and conferences with banquets and wine tastings.
Nebraskans remain opposed to ObamaCare and so do I. Families and business owners in Nebraska and across the country continue to face rising costs under this controversial law. I remain committed to doing my part to repeal it – in full or in part – and replace it with policies that promote more competition among insurance companies, reform our tort system, and embrace preventive care.
Extremely disappointed to receive word that the White House has chosen to cancel all tours this spring, supposedly due to sequestration. While top White House political operatives pull in average salaries of $142,000, the folks who process tour requests for hundreds of thousands of students, seniors, and families – including thousands of Nebraskans – will be “reduced.” And these are your priorities, Mr. President?  It seems some folks in Washington are intent on maximizing the pain. What’s next, cancelling the Easter Egg Roll?
Although I’m disappointed it did not pass, today I voted in favor of an amendment to cut spending here in the Senate. It’s time to lead by example and make smart, sensible cuts to reduce our deficit.  www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=113&session=1&vote=00029
Enjoyed reading the Omaha World-Herald editorial, which highlights the importance of agriculture to Nebraska, to our country and to the world.
During my tour of the Metropolitan Community College (Nebraska) Military and Veteran Support Services (MVSS), I learned their recent move brought together the administrative and advising staff to provide a one-stop area for military students. MVSS eases the transition from military to college life, provides military-specific advising and career planning, and equips military and veteran students with knowledge of college and community resources. I appreciate the services MSSV provides our Nebraska veterans.
While in Nebraska on Friday, I toured the Bellevue Medical Center with Bellevue Mayor Rita Sanders. The Bellevue Medical Center is committed to providing the highest standard of care, enhancing the patient experience, creating employee and physician satisfaction, and strengthening staff retention.
“A failure in leadership has forced our nation into yet another manufactured fiscal crisis. The so-called sequester is scheduled to go into effect, cutting federal funding across the board rather than targeting wasteful spending. The problem here, of course, is not that we are cutting spending. Nebraskans know that we have to rein in out-of-control government spending – and we will. The concern I have – and that many Nebraskans share – is that these cuts do not carefully target wasteful spending.”    Watch my full reaction to the so-called sequester that went into effect today in this week’s “Note from Washington.”
Happy Statehood Day, fellow Nebraskans! As we celebrate 146 years of the "Good Life," let’s take pride in our past and look forward to our bright future. I'm proud to call the great state of Nebraska home and to represent you in Washington, DC.
One of the highlights of my week is always meeting with Nebraskans visiting DC. This week I had the opportunity to meet with members of the Nebraska American Legion and the American Legion Auxiliary. It's great meeting with our veterans and seeing familiar faces, including a good friend from Valentine. I want to thank all veterans for their service to our country!
Today officially marks the 1,400th day since the Senate passed a budget. Washington cannot continue the same bad spending habits that have led to trillion dollar deficits and a national debt of more than $16.5 trillion. It’s time for the federal government to do what families and businesses across Nebraska have done: implement a responsible plan to spend within its means. Like and share if you agree that we cannot wait any longer to pass a balanced budget.
Today, I sent a letter to Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack requesting more information about USDA’s plans to furlough meat and poultry inspectors as a result of budget cuts required by the so-called “sequester.” Nebraskans understand we must cut out-of-control government spending, but USDA should find ways to implement these cuts without compromising the safety and health of consumers and the supply of meat and poultry products for Americans.
 
 http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=ebc40e43-7da0-4379-bb05-bdf25cd889a7
Please join me in congratulating Ron Meyer and Phil Petr of Blue Hill, Nebraska, who have been named finalists for the Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation’s Citizen Service Before Self Honors. Last September, they courageously risked their lives to pull five children from a burning school bus. Their selflessness and bravery is a true inspiration to all Americans, and Nebraskans are proud and grateful for these two deserving heroes. And as we honor these heroes, we also remember the victims of the crash that tragically took the lives of four beloved members of the Blue Hill community.  http://citizenservicebeforeselfhonors.org/medal-of-honor/finalists
Today, we are honor bound to remember and offer our gratitude to the men of Iwo Jima on this 68th anniversary of that battle.
Congratulations to Kevin Atterberg (Lincoln) and Angie Shaw (Scottsbluff) for being selected as the 2013 Nebraska Farm Bureau and Nebraska Agriculture in the Classroom Teachers of the Year. Both Atterberg and Shaw found ways to bring awareness and understanding of agriculture to their classrooms, while meeting state educational standards. These two outstanding educators will represent our state well at the 2013 National Agriculture in the Classroom Conference.
It is always wonderful to be home in Nebraska! During this week's recess we had good visits and meetings in Lincoln, Hastings and Omaha. Stay safe during these winter storms.
NA
Joining Gary Sadlemyer on 1110 KFAB OMAHA'S NEWS SOURCE Good Morning Show at 7:40 AM CT Thursday morning. Tune in!
In case you missed it, I discussed the need to replace the so-called "sequester" with sensible spending cuts on KHAS-TV News 5 last night in Hastings. Watch the full interview here:
Thanks to the staff of Mary Lanning Healthcare, who took time out of their busy schedules to visit with me yesterday. It was great to spend time in Hastings and see Mary Lanning Healthcare's renovated facilities, where they provide quality healthcare to Nebraskans.
Wrapped up a great visit to the Meat and Animal Research Center in Clay Center today. Scientists there are making strong advancements in research and technology.
I am honored to serve as Ranking Member of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities for the 113th Congress. I look forward to working alongside Subcommittee Chair Kay Hagan (D-N.C.) to counter rising threats to our national security and ensure our military remains the finest fighting force in the world.   http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=cd001948-9ca7-4346-98e0-b3234be391a6
I'll be on KHAS-TV News 5 live in Hastings at 6:00 PM CT tonight. Be sure to tune in!
I had a great meeting with Nebraska Cattlemen today to discuss the important policy and regulatory issues affecting Nebraska’s livestock industry.
This morning I toured and visited with leaders from the National Drought Mitigation Center and the Diocles Extreme Light Laboratory. I was very impressed by University of Nebraska-Lincoln and the great job they do managing these important projects. The NDMC assists with developing and implementing plans for drought preparedness, and Diocles was built at UNL to research how we can utilize the power of light in new technology.
Congratulations to Mosaic as we celebrate its 100th anniversary today. For the last century, Mosaic has provided quality services to individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities, and Nebraska is proud to be the home state of this organization that now serves more than 3,700 individuals in 10 states. I continue to admire the dedication demonstrated by Mosaic’s staff through its generous care for others, and as we recognize its centennial, I join Nebraskans in expressing my gratitude for the positive impact their work has had on our communities for 100 years. You can learn more about Mosaic’s services and centennial activities here:
For over 30 years, Mike Johanns has dedicated his life to serving the citizens of Nebraska. Mike’s time in public service began as a County Board Member, then City Council Member, Mayor, Governor of Nebraska, Secretary of Agriculture, and United States Senator. Few Nebraskans have served in so many different roles and had such a tremendous impact in each one of them. But Mike would be the first to tell you that his success is only possible through the counsel, love, and support of his wife, Stephanie.   I am personally grateful for Mike’s leadership in the Senate and all he has done in helping to smooth my transition. His rare mix of strong leadership and warm collegiality has earned him the respect and admiration of his colleagues from both sides of the aisle. While I am fortunate to have two more years to serve alongside him, I am sad to see Mike leave the Senate. I am so thankful for his many years of service and on behalf of all Nebraskans, Bruce and I wish Mike and Stephanie the very best as they begin this new chapter of their lives.  http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-room?ID=a11161e1-bde6-4386-9925-db8d437ba73c
Happy Valentine’s Day from my hometown, America’s “Heart City” Valentine, Nebraska!
Today, I joined all 44 of my Republican colleagues in introducing a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. It’s time for Washington to come together to balance its accounting books, and I stand ready to work with members of both parties to find responsible ways we can reduce reckless government spending and get our fiscal house in order. Here’s more about why I believe our Constitution needs a Balanced Budget Amendment.
I’m so pleased that Nebraskans are staying in touch with me through Facebook, and I welcome your comments, likes, and shares on posts that pique your interest. If you’d like a response to a comment, or have a legislative inquiry, please submit your request through my website: http://www.fischer.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/email-me.   This will ensure that your question or concern is addressed in an efficient and thorough manner by me or a member of my staff. For time-sensitive requests, please call my Washington, D.C. office at (202) 224-6551.   I’d also like to remind you of my user policy for all those who post on this official page:   “I welcome your comments and hope that this official Facebook page will serve as a forum for civil discourse. Nebraskans appreciate the value of robust debate, but also understand the importance of respecting opposing viewpoints. I expect all language and discussions to be polite, and request that all postings on this page remain free of profane, obscene, violent or racist language, suggestions of illegal or illicit activity, and advertisements or solicitations of any kind. Furthermore, I ask that all postings refrain from discussions of political campaigns as this is an official Senate page. I retain the right to remove offensive or abusive comments and/or block users who offend this policy.”
I'm so happy that my dear friend, Lavon Heidemann, has been appointed Lt. Governor. He is a good solid man with a deep love for Nebraska and he will represent our state well. Congratulations!
So good to see the Nebraska LEAD Program Group 32 in Washington, DC as part of their national study tour. I had the opportunity to speak with the participants prior to the Nebraska Breakfast today. As a LEAD 8 alum, I know how great the program is as it develops ag leaders within our state.
The first Nebraska Breakfast of the 113th Congress was this morning. It was great to have such a good turnout of fellow Nebraskans and I look forward to continuing this 70 year tradition with U.S. Senator Mike Johanns, Congressman Jeff Fortenberry, Congressman Lee Terry, and Congressman Adrian Smith. Thanks to all who attended!
I am disappointed that instead of using the State of the Union address to propose realistic ideas for dealing with our growing national debt, the president called for even more government spending funded by higher taxes. I agree that we need to address job creation and avoid sequestration, but Washington can only achieve these objectives through solutions that generate economic growth and balance our budget with sensible cuts to government waste. Watch my full reaction to the president’s speech here:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORxJLICrhsM
Today marks the 12th Heart City Bull Bash in Valentine, Nebraska. A perfect event to spend time at with your family, friends and neighbors. I hope everyone attending has a fantastic time! bullbash.com
Thank you Bridget Fargen from KOLN/KGIN 1011 News for taking the time to visit my DC office recently. In case you missed it, check out our meeting and learn about a typical day for me and my staff in Washington.
NA
Great column by George Will in the Washington Post today explaining why a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution is needed for Washington to make the tough choices. I support a Balanced Budget Amendment to set priorities and rein in spending.
After weeks of careful review and consideration, I cannot support Senator Chuck Hagel's nomination for Secretary of Defense. Read my op-ed in today’s Omaha World-Herald to learn why:
In fiscal year 2011, $3.6 trillion was spent by the federal government with $2.3 trillion in revenues received. Like and share if you agree spending is STILL the problem.
NA
Last Friday, I enjoyed the opportunity to tour Open Door Mission and see the wonderful work they do for the underprivileged in Omaha. Since 1954, they have committed themselves daily to providing food, shelter, and preventive measures to the homeless and needy in the area. I was humbled by their generosity and service and am grateful for the important work they do for Omaha.
It was great to see last night's Super Bowl commercial highlighting the work of farmers. It reminded me of the hardworking farmers and ranchers across Nebraska I am proud to represent.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMpZ0TGjbWE&feature=youtu.be
I am disappointed that for the 4th time in 5 years, President Obama missed the legal deadline to submit his budget. We need leadership in Washington now to cut spending and work towards producing a balanced budget.
NA
The Nebraska Wheat Board (NWB) and Nebraska Wheat Growers Association (NWGA) stressed the importance of trade during our meeting. Half of Nebraska’s wheat is exported annually.
Congratulations to Charlie Hough from Wheeler Elementary in Omaha for being a 2011-2012 National Parent Teacher Association Reflections Art Program award winner. His artwork is currently featured at the U.S. Department of Education. To view Charlie’s artwork, “An Alien in a World of Clones,” based off of this year’s theme “Diversity Means…” click on the following link:
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/92051579@N08/8359182162/in/set-72157632461511925
NA
NA
NA
Thursday, January 3, 2013
NA
NA
Members of the congressional delegation met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem to discuss political and security challenges facing the Middle East. In Afghanistan, the senators met with Afghan military leaders, U.S. military personnel, and top military commanders – including Major General Larry Nicholson and General John Allen, Commander of the International Security Assistance Force. Also in Afghanistan, Senator Fischer had the opportunity to meet with service-members stationed from Nebraska.
On Thursday, January 3, 2013, I was officially sworn-in as a United States Senator by Vice President Joseph Biden in the U.S. Capitol. The ceremony marked the official commencement of my six-year term in the Senate representing the state of Nebraska, as well as the start of the 113th Congress.
