On Monday afternoon I also visited Hodgeman County where about 25 residents came the King Center in Jetmore for my town hall meeting. Topics included folks’ hopes that the new Congress will tackle tax reform, the lesser prairie chicken, overreach by the EPA, executive orders and rural healthcare. It was good to see everyone who took the time to visit with me, including State Rep. John Ewy, Hodgeman County Commissioner Marsha Ewy, and Harmon Bliss, Kansas State Fair Board Member. Thanks again to Former State Senator Larry Salmans for the kind introduction, and thanks to City Clerk Deb McKivergan for helping organize the town hall.
A new national study found that nearly 41 percent of Kansas teenagers volunteered between 2011 and 2013, the highest rate in the country. We truly live a special way of life in Kansas and teach our children that there is good in every person - that satisfaction in life comes from what you do for others rather than what you do for yourself. Congratulations to Kansas youth on a job well done.
Thanks to the folks in Ness City this afternoon who stopped by the Ness County Courthouse for my town hall meeting. Attendees shared concerns about the postal service and the ability for veterans to access the care and services they deserve. It was good to see Ness County Commissioner Fred Flax and Gary Foos of the Kansas American Legion. Also in attendance was Steve Phelps, past VFW state commander.
At my Listening Tour stop in Pawnee County today I ran into Anne Graner of Larned, a long-time friend. In additional to Anne, about 40 residents came by to share their thoughts and concerns with me on topics including agriculture, rural healthcare, education, and the importance of a functioning U.S. Senate. Thanks again to Mitch Rucker, a former intern in my Washington, D.C. office, for the kind introduction. It was good to see so many familiar faces in Burdett today, a community I’ve represented since I was first elected to the Kansas State Senate. As always, the potluck lunch at the Burdett Senior Center was delicious.
Arrived at Burdett Senior Center. Looking forward to good conversation.
I spent a couple of hours this morning visiting with Hays folks at coffee and up and down Main. Much of the conversation focused on what people want from Congress in 2015, the need for moisture, oil prices and energy policy. My last stop was at KSU Ag Research Center. Now I'm on my way to listen to folks in Burdett, Jetmore and Ness City. Please join me this afternoon at one of my Listening Tour stops!
For unto us a Child is Born; unto us a Son is Given. Merry Christmas.
My final stop yesterday was in Stafford County at the Courthouse Annex in St. John. Topics of discussion ranged from concerns with Obamacare and access to rural health care, to the Marketplace Fairness Act and the importance of agriculture to our state. Thanks again to everyone who came out to visit with me this as you prepare to celebrate Christmas with your families. And thank you to the Stafford County Kansas Farm Bureau for hosting me. I have several upcoming THs next week and I'd like to visit with you. Please check my website at http://www.moran.senate.gov to find out when I'll be in your community.
My third Listening Tour stop today was in Edwards County where I held a town hall meeting at St. Bernard Parish Hall in Belpre. The folks in attendance were interested in discussing a range of topics including changes to U.S. relations with Cuba, the importance of approving the Keystone XL pipeline in the next Congress, the sanctity of life, immigration, and tax reform. The community was also thankful for the work I did to protect local Post Offices and I appreciate their kind words. Thanks again to all who came out to share their thoughts and concerns.
My second stop today was in Medicine Lodge where I visited with folks at People's Bank, including Dennis Ricke who discussed the Lesser Prairie Chicken. I also visited Medicine Lodge Memorial Hospital and Physician's Clinic where I met with CFO Tom Lee and his wife Suzanne Lee, Executive Director of the Medicine Lodge Community Health Foundation, and received a tour of the hospital. Finally, I visited with Lance and Sloane Freeman at the pharmacy in Medicine Lodge and saw their newly renovated shop in an old grocery store. Thanks again to the community for the hospitality.
Cuba is only 90 miles from our border, making it a natural market for U.S. agricultural commodities, including Kansas wheat. Wheat is Cuba’s largest food commodity import and while the United States has unilaterally erected trade barriers that harm our own farmers, other countries are more than happy to fill this market. For example, this year Cuba has purchased $150 million worth of wheat from the European Union alone.   It simply does not make sense to continue policies and regulations blocking U.S. farmers from this market only for it to be filled by our competitors. Industry experts believe that U.S. wheat could grow to 80-90 percent of the market share in Cuba if the trade restrictions are eased, similar to our market share in other Caribbean nations.   Beyond providing a new market for U.S. farmers, easing restrictions on trade and travel with Cuba may bring about reforms in the repressive Cuban government – reforms that more than 50 years of the current policy have not achieved. Current U.S. policy only serves to limit American’s freedom to trade and travel with the island nation while contributing to the ongoing misery of the Cuban people. A change in our nation's approach that can open Cuba up economically and politically through the exchange of commodities and ideas is necessary.
With Congress out of session for the holidays, I’m continuing my Kansas Listening Tour today with four stops in south central Kansas. The day started in Harper County where I met with folks at Chaparral High School in Anthony. Topics of discussion included rural access to health care, getting veterans the health care they need, the farm bill and the regulatory environment facing agriculture. Thanks again to all those who took the time to share their thoughts and concerns with me.
NA
Yesterday, President Obama signed the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act into law. It allows the creation of tax-exempt ABLE Accounts to assist individuals with disabilities to save and pay for qualified disability expenses. I had been a sponsor of this legislation since 2012, and it will enable individuals with disabilities or the parents of a child with a disability to save money to cover expenses such as education, housing, transportation, employment training and assistive technology. This new law will encourage personal responsibility and eliminate barriers to work that can exist within federal entitlement programs. Thanks again to Jawanda and Rachel Mast of Olathe for sharing their story and advocating for this legislation over the past few years. Click the link below to learn more about Rachel's story.
I was extremely disappointed that the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act was blocked from passage this week in the Senate after it unanimously passed the House. The average suicide rate among veterans is a troubling 22 deaths each day, and the legislation would be instrumental in developing a VA system capable of offering first-rate mental health care services, as well as utilize the expertise of outside organizations to provide support for those struggling with the invisible wounds of war.   It is critical that the VA follow through on its commitment to our nation’s veterans – especially so families who have lost loved ones know the VA is committed to suicide prevention to care for others who served our country. There should be no excuse for the VA bureaucracy, push back and delays, or acceptance that this is just the way the VA system works. Veterans must have a VA that was designed and created to take care of them, otherwise, people’s lives are lost.       I will urge and sponsor reintroduction of this bill in the new Congress, and will keep working to find solutions and to hold the VA accountable when it comes to providing our nation’s veterans with the timely, high-quality and dedicated care they earned.
This morning, I was pleased to learn that the U.S. Department of Agriculture will not move forward with a new, separate beef checkoff. I believe that changes to the checkoff should be supported by producers, not forced upon them by the federal government. Cattle producers I visited with from across Kansas were loud and clear in their objections to USDA administratively creating a new checkoff.   Last month, I sent a letter to USDA expressing my concern that they were acting against the clear wishes of producers. I was concerned that creating a new checkoff would be duplicative and add administrative costs. Perhaps most importantly though, I felt that the concerns of Kansas cattle producers were being ignored. I appreciate that Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack ultimately listened to cattle producers from across the country who objected to this new checkoff.
In conjunction with Winfield Kiwanis Club, I hosted a Kansas Listening Tour stop at Baden Square over the lunch hour. Thanks to all the area residents who came out to discuss a number of issues including the Affordable Care Act's impact on community hospitals, the new veterans' health care law, and how to make certain small businesses survive in rural communities. Thanks to Winfield Kiwanis Club President Ruth Gordon and club member Glen Sambolte for hosting the conversation.
This morning I visited Elk County and held a town hall meeting in Howard at the Cox Building. The folks who attended wanted to discuss getting back to a normal functioning Senate — passing appropriations bills so Congress has power and authority over our country and it's not governed by executive order. We also talked about the importance of rural America and protecting our special way of life for future generations. Thanks again to the Elk County Farm Bureau for hosting the town hall.
During my travels to and from Washington, DC this week, I came across a local high school orchestra doing its part to spread some Christmas cheer by entertaining travelers with Christmas carols. I couldn't help but stop to listen.  Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you and your family.
Unfortunately, many rural Kansas veterans are still unable to access the care they need because the VA is implementing the Choice Act in a way that only takes into account distance to a VA medical facility, and not whether that facility can provide the medical services a veteran requires. For example, while the services offered at Community-Based Outpatient Clinics (CBOCs) are invaluable, they cannot meet the health care needs of all veterans. Living near a CBOC should not prevent a veteran from accessing care which the CBOC cannot provide. The VA has the authority to fix this problem and have been calling on the VA Secretary to take action for several months. Enough is enough. In the absence of VA action, I have introduced legislation that would make certain rural veterans are not forgotten just because of where they live. Read more at the link below.
It wasn't the easiest drive this morning—5 a.m. alarm clock followed by snow and fog—but still much better to be in Kansas than in Washington, D.C.   I'm hosting Kansas Listening Tour stops in Elk and Cowley Counties. Safe travels everyone!
For five years, Alan Gross and his family have endured pain and profound injustice amid his detainment in Cuba. Today, news of Alan's release brings great relief to his loved ones and to every American who has called for his freedom. I admire Alan's strength and that of his wife Judy, who has worked tirelessly for years to free Alan and reunite her family.
Tonight, the U.S. Senate passed the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, legislation that enables the creation of tax-exempt ABLE Accounts to assist individuals with disabilities to save and pay for qualified disability expenses. I have been a sponsor of this legislation since 2012, and it will allow individuals with disabilities or the parents of a child with a disability to save money to cover expenses such as education, housing, transportation, employment training, and assistive technology. This new policy will encourage personal responsibility and eliminate barriers to work that can exist within federal entitlement programs. I encourage President Obama to swiftly sign this bill into law as it overwhelmingly passed the House earlier this month. Thanks to Jawanda and Rachel Mast of Olathe, the Down Syndrome Guild of Greater Kansas City, and the Down Syndrome Society of Wichita for their insight on this important legislation over the past few years.  The ABLE Act was passed in conjunction with H.R. 5771, legislation to extend several temporary corporate and individual tax provisions through 2014. Retroactive to January 1 of this year, H.R. 5771 allows taxpayers to claim these credits for the upcoming tax filing season, which include the restoration of Section 179 financing to its previous $500,000 limit. Critical to the ability of Kansas farmers and small businesses to replace old equipment and stay competitive, the Section 179 limit abruptly fell to $25,000 at the end of 2013 – barely enough to buy a new pickup. Having passed both chambers of Congress, this legislation now heads to the President’s desk for signature.
I spoke on the Senate floor last week about the unique challenges Kansas hospitals and health care providers face caring for patients in our state—often in very rural settings across wide areas. During my time representing Kansans in Washington, D.C., I have had the opportunity to visit each of the 128 community hospitals. Almost every visit involves concerns about the harmful impacts and massive uncertainty caused by the Affordable Care Act, as well as the ever increasing federal regulatory burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care to their local residents. There will be a renewed opportunity in the new Congress to undo the damage caused by Obamacare and present real solutions to problems facing the Kansas health care providers and patients.
Thanks to all the Kansans who reached out in regard to my votes over the weekend. I voted in favor of the constitutional point of order to immediately end President Obama's executive action on immigration. Additionally, I voted against the $1.1 trillion spending bill.
I did not support the FY 2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) because I will not support cuts to benefits for troops and their families or the irresponsible arming of Syrian rebels. I believe we're already asking too much of our Armed Forces – morale is lower than it's been in years and it is our responsibility to support our service members who serve at home and abroad to keep our country safe and free.  Last year, the pay increase for our troops was just 1 percent, the smallest increase in the 41-year history of the all-volunteer force. This year, NDAA again provides only a 1 percent increase. This bill also mandates future Base, Allowance and Housing rates that force service members to cover a portion of the costs out-of-pocket.   Unfortunately, the NDAA bill also provides millions of dollars to arm and fund Syrian rebels to presumably fight ISIS terrorists. I continue to believe this is a bad policy. I do not support weapons for Syrian rebels, and do not believe the false assumptions of the Obama Administration.
I joined Senator Tester of Montana this week to introduce bipartisan legislation to make certain wounded veterans who work for the federal government can get the medical care they need. The Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act would provide first-year federal workers who have service-related disabilities with 104 hours of sick leave to use for medical visits. Veterans who have served our nation with duty and honor deserve peace of mind when transitioning into the federal workforce and civilian life.
Yesterday in my Capitol Hill office, I met with National Guard Bureau Chief General Frank Grass. I raised questions about the deployment of the Iola-based 891st Engineer Battalion, and Gen. Grass indicated that the deployment had been canceled as a result of the decline in Ebola cases in West Africa. It is a pretty nice Christmas gift for the families of the 891st Engineer Battalion to know that their loved ones will no longer be deployed in March. Guardsmen live by the motto 'Always Ready, Always There,' and Kansans stand ready for their next call of service.
Last night, the U.S. Senate passed the American Savings Promotion Act (S. 1597/H.R. 3374) with broad support. Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio and I—both members of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus—introduced the legislation to allow the creation of prize-linked savings accounts (PLS). PLS accounts would incentivize personal savings by offering participants chances to win prizes based on savings account deposit activity while never putting their savings at risk. The legislation passed the House in September 2014 and now heads to the President.   This bipartisan legislation clears the way for banks and other financial institutions to promote personal savings. Hopefully, this law will help American families become more financially secure and upwardly mobile. In passing the American Savings Promotion Act, the House and Senate have shown that good ideas may still have a chance in Washington.
Today I attended a Republican High-Tech Task Force discussion featuring Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. In his first trip to Washington since succeeding Steve Ballmer as CEO, Mr. Nadella provided an overview of important policy issues facing not only Microsoft but the technology sector and greater American economy. We also had a good discussion about the Kansas tech economy and ways to make our state more competitive when it comes to developing tech talent.
This week's #KansasCommonSense—Serving as Senate Aerospace Caucus Co-Chair, the President signs the Moran-Jenkins rural health legislation into law, House passes ABLE Act, greeting the Made With Code Award Winner and the Kansas Listening Tour continues.
Our country lost a great man, a dedicated soldier, and an American hero when Lieutenant General Dick Seitz passed away last year. This afternoon, the U.S. House of Representatives unanimously passed my legislation to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan Lieutenant General Richard “Dick” Seitz. The legislation, which passed the U.S. Senate in January 2014, designates the Department of Veterans Affairs Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.” The bill will now be sent to the President’s desk for his signature.  Dick was a mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. As a native Kansan who settled in Junction City following his military retirement, he never retired from serving. I’m grateful for Lieutenant General Seitz’s commitment to serving Junction City and am delighted that his country is naming this clinic in his honor.
Today is the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. More than 2,000 Americans lost their lives that day—the first of more than 400,000 who paid the ultimate sacrifice during World War II. We remember this day not only for those who perished, but also for what followed until victory over Japan in August 1945. May God bless our World War II veterans and all who have served and continue to serve in our Armed Forces.
Game time in Lawrence!
While in Manhattan this afternoon, I had the opportunity to tour Mercy Regional Health Center (MRHC). MRHC is a 150-bed hospital providing a wide range of health care services to the Manhattan community and the surrounding area. During my visit, we discussed various topics including the impact of the Affordable Care Act and other federal policies on community hospitals and other health care providers. The ability of our providers to meet the needs of patients is greatly affected by decisions in Washington, D.C. I will continue to make certain I understand the effects of these policy decisions through conversations with Kansas health care providers. Thanks to MRHC CFO Jim Fraser for guiding my tour and to Jana Bowman for coordinating my visit.  [Pictured here: Back row (left to right): Joan Hoch, RN; Michelle Palmer, Sterile Processing Supervisor; Charisa Slingsby, RN; and Kristen Allen, Surgical Coordinator. Front row (left to right): Joe Buser, Surgical Assistant; Kathleen Foy, Unit Clerk; Sara Myers, RN; and Katee Nelson, RN.]
Back from Washington today, I appreciated the opportunity to tour and visit with employees of New Horizons RV in Junction City. Here, some of those employees are proudly standing in front of one of the quality homes they build. We visited about a number of issues, but our conversation focused on how the VA is failing them in their health and disability needs.   New Horizons is a family owned and managed company that has been building RVs for more than 25 years. Thanks to New Horizons President and CEO Phil Brokenicky for the informative tour.
This afternoon, President Obama signed my legislation with Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins into law. The law will delay Medicare’s enforcement of unreasonable and inflexible direct supervision rules for outpatient therapy services at Critical Access Hospitals and other small, rural hospitals in 2014. Making certain Kansans have access to quality health care remains one of my top priorities in Congress. Passage of this law is a positive development, and I plan to reintroduce legislation in the new Congress to address this issue on a permanent basis. Thanks to Congresswoman Jenkins for her extraordinary efforts on this legislation in the House of Representatives.
This morning I had the opportunity to meet Adrienne Cox, an impressive young woman and Topeka High School student who helped develop the coding for this year’s Kansas State Christmas tree decoration in front of the White House. Adrienne and other Topeka High students were part of a national Google project called Made with Code intended to recruit girls into coding, a field that many computer experts and educators – as well as Senators like myself – are hoping more female students will consider. She is in Washington, D.C., along with her teacher Anne Hageman (right), to see their coding in action at tonight at the National Christmas Tree Lighting. Congratulations to Adrienne and her classmates on a job well done!
There’s no one I admire more than someone who dedicates their life to serving our nation’s veterans. Today, I was saddened to hear about the passing of a Kansan who exemplified that throughout his life – Commander Norman Staab of Hays. From his service in the U.S. Army, to his time as VFW Post and District Commander, and his distinct honor of being chosen as VFW National Commander-in-Chief, yesterday veterans lost one of their strongest advocates. Norman will be dearly missed, and Robba and I extend our thoughts and prayers to his wife Cacilie, his family and friends.
Yesterday, I joined U.S. Senator Patty Murray of Washington to co-Chair the U.S. Senate Aerospace Caucus replacing outgoing Co-Chair Saxby Chambliss of Georgia. The future of aerospace and aviation is especially important to Kansas and Wichita, known as the “Air Capital of the World.” Roughly 32,000 Kansans support more than 450 aerospace companies, and their work contributes more than $7 billion annually Kansas’ economy.   Safeguarding our nation for future generations means both a strong national defense and a strong economy. The aerospace industry is where these two priorities converge. That is why I am proud to be co-chairing the Senate Aerospace Caucus. Promoting education, workforce and research development, as well as increasing manufacturing within the aerospace industry is vital to our Kansas and national economies. I look forward to continuing my work to make certain this historical and innovative American industry remains strong, secure and competitive globally.  [Pictured left to right: Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.); The Honorable Frank Kendall – Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics; Marion C. Blakey, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Aerospace Industries Association]
Five years ago today, Alan Gross, working as a subcontractor for USAID in Cuba, was arrested for alleged crimes against the Cuban government. His imprisonment has resulted in serious harm to his physical and mental health. This is a humanitarian travesty. Alan is not a bargaining chip to advance Cuban interests and should be released immediately. I renew my previous calls for our government to secure his freedom and return Alan home to his family.
Tonight, I was proud to honor outgoing Kansas Farm Bureau President Steve Baccus. I met Steve many years ago when he was on his local farm bureau board, and over the years we grew to be friends. As agricultural issues repeatedly came to the forefront of debate in Washington, Steve has always been someone who I could count on to give me trustworthy advice and counsel.   As I said on the Senate floor last week, Steve embodies many traits we can all admire, including a deep love for the great state of Kansas, and gratitude for the many hard working families who provide the food, fuel and fiber Americans rely on. These traits have earned Steve the respect of his peers across the country. Steve has been a true public servant to agriculture and he did it all for the right reasons. I wish him and his wife Patricia well as they enter into the next chapter of their lives.
This afternoon I held a Coffey County town hall meeting in Burlington at the Lyon-Coffey Electric Cooperative, where 20 Kansas came out to share their thoughts. Topics ranged from veterans issues and the EPA's proposed navigable waters rule, to tax reform and concerns with Obamacare. In attendance were Coffey County Commissioner Kimberly Skillman, Burlington Mayor Gene Merry, and Coffey Health Systems CEO Randy Lindauer. It was also good to see Craig Meader, chairman and president of First National Bank of Kansas. Thanks again to Scott Whittington and Lyon-Coffey Electric Cooperative for hosting.
I continued my statewide listening tour with a stop this morning in Anderson County at the Garnett Public Library. There, I met with area residents who expressed concern about the role and U.S. involvement in the United Nations. We also discussed the Keystone XL Pipeline, concerns about EPA overreach, government spending and veterans' issues. Thanks to the staff at the library for hosting this conversation.
Enroute to Garnett this morning, I stopped to visit with the Franklin County Commission. The conversation included a request for assistance with their development of a industrial park and questions about my congressional priorities.
After Clyde, I traveled north to Cuba to listen to about 32 residents share their questions and concerns about health care, the Department of Veterans Affairs, entrepreneurship and bureaucracy in Washington. The community suffered a great lost recently with the death of Dale Huncovsky, owner of the Cuba Cash Store. Hearing stories about Dale reminded me of what I loved about growing up in rural America – the strong sense of community. I appreciate folks taking away time from family over the Thanksgiving holiday to visit with me and share their thoughts.
Today, I also held a listening tour stop in Cloud County at the Senior Center in Clyde. About 17 Kansans attended and we had a good discussion about the future of Medicare and concerns about over-regulation of community banks. Eric and Darlene Taylor, pictured below, spoke to me about future farm bills and over-reach at the EPA. Thanks again to Sherri Douglas for opening up the Senior Center to residents for my visit.
In north central Kansas today. Stopped for a few conversations in the community of Clifton. Was updated of what's going on in the community at City Hall, the post office and Kaw Valley State Bank.
Thankful for wonderful, loving parents. First holiday with no family in Plainville but still a good day to be home. We had a great Thanksgiving meal at Rooks County Health Center with folks like with Gary Hicks of Plainville and Larry McIntyre of Natoma, both veterans. I am thankful to them and all who served.
As Americans celebrate Thanksgiving today, families and friends come together to reflect, give thanks and enjoy a traditional Thanksgiving feast. However, millions – in fact, one in six Americans – struggle each day to even get enough food to eat. The unfortunate reality is that food insecurity exists in every community in our nation.  Living in the breadbasket of America, it can sometimes be difficult to comprehend the prevalence of hunger at home and around the world. Yet, hunger is real – it threatens the future of millions every day. Hunger creates political instability, stunts economic growth, and robs individuals of their dignity and self-potential.  This Thanksgiving, I hope you will consider supporting or volunteering at an organization in your community. Just a few hours of your time giving back can help make this holiday a memorable one for you, your family and for those in need.  Robba and I join all Kansans in celebrating Thanksgiving with family and friends, and giving thanks for our blessings. I am especially grateful for the service and charitable organizations that support our communities and those in need. I hope you and your families also enjoy time together and have the chance to reflect on all we have to be thankful for – both as Kansans and Americans.
This morning I hosted a Wyandotte County Kansas Listening Tour Stop at the Bonner Springs City Library. We discussed immigration, NBAF funding, the Keystone XL Pipeline and defense spending. I appreciated those who took time out of preparing for their Thanksgiving dinner to stop by and share their concerns with me. Thanks to Regina Utter with the Bonner Springs Edwardsville Chamber of Commerce for coordinating the meeting.
Tonight, I Robba and I joined 1,700 Kansas City area business leaders at the Kansas City Chamber of Commerce's Annual Dinner. Here, we're pictured with KC Chamber President and CEO Jim Heeter. Thanks to Polsinelli and Burns & McDonnell for hosting tonight's event.
It was great to attend a surprise unveiling of a bronze sculpture of The World Company Chairman and Lawrence Journal-World Editor Dolph C. Simons Jr. (pictured on the far right), and his father the late Dolph Simons Sr., yesterday. The bust was created to honor the two newspapermen for their contributions in journalism and for their support to The University of Kansas. The bust was commissioned by former Kansas Board of Regents Chairman Clay Blair and will be displayed at the KU Alumni Center.  Presidential historian and founding director of Kansas University’s Dole Institute of Politics Richard Norton Smith (pictured in the middle) referred to the sculpture as “twin likenesses that commemorate over a century of service to a great university and the town from which it derives no small part of its identity.”
Today at a joint town hall meeting with Rep. Lynn Jenkins, nearly 100 Shawnee County residents came out to discuss a number of issues including the Department of Veterans Affairs and mental health, the Affordable Care Act and its impact on jobs, support for USPS and transportation. Thanks to these concerned citizens for a good dose of Kansas common sense and to Bartlett & West for hosting the conversation.
Today I visited St. Francis Health in Topeka to tour the hospital’s laboratory, a full-service clinical laboratory providing diagnostic testing in many health areas. The lab examines organs, tissues and other specimens to make a diagnosis of disease. All tests are performed upon the written order of a licensed health care provider, and a pathologist is available for consultation 24 hours a day. St. Francis Health also operates an offsite lab in Topeka for patient convenience. Thanks again to pathologist Dr. Richard Gomez for inviting me and giving me such an informative tour.
Given the President’s worrisome admission that a year of diplomatic dialogue failed to bridge the ‘significant’ gaps between P5+1 negotiators and Iran, I am skeptical of what this extension can accomplish. As negotiations carry on, Congress must continue to demand terms that secure lasting and verifiable dismantlement of Iran’s illicit nuclear program. Any sanctions relief must be dependent on evident compliance by Iran. The world has too much at stake to accept a dangerous deal that disregards the concerns of Congress and the American people.
It was great to visit with more than 40 Osage County residents this afternoon including County Commissioners Gaylord Anderson and Kenneth Kuykendall and a representative from Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt's office. Topics included the need for Congress to hold agencies accountable, investment in infrastructure, concerns with federal regulation of education, and executive order. For a list of upcoming stops, visit my website — http://www.moran.senate.gov/.
There is no more important decision for the future of Western Kansas than who leads Fort Hays State University. Today, it was a real honor to attend the inauguration of their new President Dr. Mirta Martin at Gross Memorial Coliseum. Also in attendance were a number of state and local officials, faculty, staff, students, alumni, and community members who all came to celebrate the transition in leadership. Dr. Martin has made quite an impression on the FHSU community, and my expectation is her vision, charisma and experience will lead FHSU to many future successes and achievements.   My wife and Kansas Board of Regents Member, Robba, served on the selection committee and I was glad to join her in Hays to congratulate and support President Martin. Welcome “home” President Martin. And go Tigers!
Today is National Rural Health Day — a day to honor the community-minded spirit and dedication that prevails in Kansas and other parts of rural America. It also gives us a chance to recognize the unique health care challenges that rural Americans face, and to celebrate the individuals who rise to meet these challenges every day.   Rural communities must deal with a number of health care challenges, including caring effectively for an aging population across wide areas, addressing medical workforce shortages, and covering high proportions of uninsured and underinsured patients. Due in large part to the effort, cooperation, and commitment it takes to confront such challenges, it is the selfless, resilient doctors, nurses, administrators, and other rural health providers that make up the foundation of these towns. In addition to the care these providers furnish to residents, they are also vital to their local economies as large employers in rural areas.  I commend the men and women working in these health care facilities for their tireless effort and dedication to the people they serve. We are grateful to you and your fellow health professionals who care for the 62 million individuals that call rural America home.
The world cannot accept Iran’s pursuit of nuclear weapons or the possibility of Iran approaching the edge of nuclear weapon development. The stakes are too high to cut a dangerous deal that disregards the concerns of Congress and the American people.  If international negotiators fail to reach an agreement that prescribes lasting and verifiable dismantlement of Iran’s illicit nuclear program, the United States should immediately reinstate and augment financial sanctions to further force the issue of Iran’s economic fate into their country’s nuclear calculations.
I am deeply concerned about the President offering amnesty to millions of individuals who have entered the country illegally. The President is aware that he is overstepping his bounds – and has explained at least 22 times that he does not have the authority to unilaterally alter immigration laws. I oppose President Obama’s plan to act alone on an issue of such importance. The President is choosing to allow 5 million people to jump the line in front of those who have followed the rules and are waiting to come to our country legally. This irresponsible decision encourages and incentivizes illegal activity – it will increase the number of people illegally entering the United States, while making it more difficult for Congress to address the problems of our immigration system.  President Obama declared his policies were under referendum on Election Day. He was correct, and on November 4, the American people voted to take our country in a different direction.
Today I honored Kansas Farm Bureau President Steve Baccus on the Senate floor ahead of his retirement on Dec. 3rd. Steve’s passion for improving the lives of Kansans and advocating for the future of our rural state has always, always impressed me. His service on the Kansas Farm Bureau was inspired by Steve’s deeply held belief that there is a better future ahead for Kansas agriculture and for our state. Steve has been a true public servant to agriculture and he did it all for the right reasons. I wish Steve and his wife Patricia well in the next chapter of their life.
I am disgusted and saddened by the attacks in Jerusalem yesterday. In the face of such gross violence, we must continue to advocate for a world where people of all faiths can attend places of worship without threat of danger.   My family will keep the friends and loved ones of Rabbi Levine and Rabbi Twersky in our thoughts and prayers as they mourn during this most difficult time.
The vote to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline should have happened years ago, and while I am disappointed it failed by a single vote in the Democrat-led Senate, it is only a matter of time before it is passed in the next Congress by the new Republican majority and sent to President Obama’s desk. At that time, the President will finally be forced to decide whether increases in energy security and American jobs trump special interest politics.
I learned about the passing of Dale Huncovsky of Cuba, Kansas, today. Not only was Dale the owner of Cuba Cash Store grocery store, Two Doors Down Café and serving as Cuba’s mayor, he was also the cornerstone of the community. His pride in Cuba and his fellow residents there knew no limits. As Marci Penner with the Kansas Sampler Foundation said, “He is the essence of small town Americana. He was just a common man that made all the difference in the world for Cuba.”  My thoughts and prayers are with the entire community, as well as Dale’s wife LaVerna, daughters Kelly Melton of Cuba; Kassi Huncovsky of Concordia and son Quint Huncovsky of Manhattan.  Here’s a Wichita Eagle story with more about Dale’s remarkable contribution to the community. (Photo courtesy of Deb Hadachek)
Today, I had the opportunity to meet with the 2013-2014 Kansas FFA Association State Officer Team—all K-Staters—during their visit to our nation’s capital. We discussed the importance of agriculture to our nation and the special way of life rural Kansans enjoy. Meeting with young leaders always leaves me optimistic about our future.   A few of the students tried to stump me on what part of the state their hometowns are located – Barnard, Holton, Lincolnville, Riverton, Garden City and Soldier – but I proved them wrong!
Today, I joined Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey to introduce a Senate resolution to celebrate the contributions of American entrepreneurs and officially establish National Entrepreneurs’ Day as a federally recognized observance day. I believe the health of the American economy relies on policymakers, community leaders, academics and individuals recognizing that innovative new businesses are critical components of economic growth. Devoting one day a year to celebrating startups is a small step toward securing future economic success and a better tomorrow.
I am disturbed by reports of today's deadly attack against civilians at prayer in a Jerusalem synagogue. The reported victims include three Americans. I hope for a world where people of all faiths can attend their places of worship without fear of violence.
Kansas has some new residents. Thirty bison from South Dakota's Wind Cave National Park just moved south to join the growing herd at Tallgrass Prairie National Preserve near Strong City, Kansas.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Riley this morning. More than 30 area residents met at the Riley Centre to discuss a number of issues including veterans affairs, Fort Riley, NBAF, and the need to keep jobs and businesses in America. I appreciated the informative discussion and all who attended. Special thanks to Doris Fritz for helping arrange my visit.
I traveled to Cloud County to visit Concordia Junior/Senior High School today and meet with students, school administrators and teachers. I often encounter a common theme in conversations during these visits. Kansas schools have no problem being held accountable – they simply ask that the federal government afford them sufficient flexibility to tailor education plans to the unique needs of their students. Rather than being forced to teach to a standardized test, schools need to have the flexibility to raise the bar and focus on preparing students for careers and higher education. As Kansas ranchers say, “If you want fat cattle, you need to feed them, not just weigh them.” We must prepare students for the challenges of life, not just standardized tests.  During my tour, I visited briefly with a government class and was interviewed by 8th Grader Kennedy Chrisco and her videography class. I was impressed with the students’ questions and their interest in the future of our country. Thanks to Concordia Junior/Senior High School Principal Bryce Wachs for hosting my visit. I also appreciated hearing from Assistant Superintendent Quentin Breese, Junior-Senior High Assistant Principal/AD Brandon Rice and Middle School Principal Derek Holmes.
This afternoon, I attended a service honoring the life of Dr. Dale E. Dean. He was my optometrist for many years, and was a kind and special person who cared about his patients, friends and neighbors. Dr. Dean provided optometric services to Stockton and the surrounding communities for nearly four decades. He also served in the United States Army during WWII from 1942 to 1945 in the European-African-Middle Eastern Theater. A dedicated family man who loved spending time with his children and grandchildren, he will be greatly missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his son Greg Dean of Stillwater, daughters Pam Hageman and Ginger Kollman, both of Stockton, and the many other family and friends who are mourning his passing. Robba and I extend our deepest sympathies.
It was an honor to catch up with Dr. Gary Morsch and his wife Vickie at the Johnson County Community College Foundation’s 28th Annual Some Enchanted Evening Gala over the weekend. Dr. Morsch was selected as the 2014 Johnson Countian of the Year for his commitment to volunteerism and service to others.  I have known Dr. Morsch for nearly 20 years and learned about his organization, Heart to Heart International, after being invited to tour the facility in Kansas City, Kansas. Their organization was instrumental in providing emergency medical services to Greensburg residents after the horrific EF5 tornado, and is always the first to provide aid when there’s a disaster or need in Kansas. Also to help combat the current Ebola crisis, Heart to Heart announced in October the construction of a clinic near the capital of Monrovia, Liberia, that will provide 70 beds for patients stricken with Ebola.  Additionally, Dr. Morsch practices family and emergency medicine through Docs Who Care, a medical staffing company he founded in 1993 to serve rural clinics and hospitals across the Midwest. Access to hospitals and quality health care services determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home, so this company plays an important role in helping to make certain rural towns can survive and flourish.  I believe the world is changed one person, one soul at a time, and Dr. Morsch is a great example of someone who has made and is continuing to make a real difference in the lives of so many in Kansas and across the globe. Congratulations to Gary and Vickie!
Each year, I consider making appointments to U.S. Service Academies one of my most privileged responsibilities as a U.S. Senator. Nominees are selected after vetting by board of Kansans through an application and interview process. Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Armed Forces. I encourage you to watch the video below to learn more about the application process, and share it with young people who may be considering applying to U.S. Service Academies.
In the Senate Appropriations Committee hearing yesterday on the U.S. government’s response to the Ebola outbreak, the Administration’s Ebola Response Coordinator, Ron Klain, was absent. The White House declined the Committee’s request for Mr. Klain to testify even though he is the Administration’s point person on the Ebola response. The Administration has once again failed to clearly articulate the coordination among the various agencies and departments involved in this response effort and their respective objectives, especially when we have our service men and women on the ground in West Africa. The stakes are high and Americans need confidence that their government is accountable and working in their best interest.
Today’s action finally setting a vote in the Senate on the Keystone XL Pipeline suggests the soon-to-be Republican majority is already improving the Senate’s ability to take on important legislation. I suspect this is merely the first of many issues to finally receive the Senate’s attention after years of being denied votes. This vote should have happened years ago, and while I am pleased it will finally be brought to the Senate floor, President Obama will likely veto the job-creating measure once it reaches his desk.
Each year on November 11, Americans celebrate and honor our nation’s veterans. At today’s Veterans Day Ceremony in Gardner, I had the opportunity to meet the Rifle Team from VFW post 11234. This group is a shining representation of the generations of men and women who have served our country with valor.
A moving shot from Veterans Park in Gardner, Kansas, today. I hope this Veterans Day, you took the time to honor and celebrate the veterans in your life. Whether it’s your sister, dad, grandpa or neighbor, take a moment to thank them for their courage and sacrifice, which has preserved the freedoms we all enjoy today.
I am visiting Gardner today where I have the opportunity to say thank you to veterans and their families as part of the Gardner Veterans Day ceremony. This is the 28th Annual Johnson County Veterans Day Observance and I am honored to be included. Here's a photo from the ceremony preparations.
Today I visited Flint Hills Breadbasket to meet with Executive Director Maribeth Kieffer and learn more about their mission of minimizing hunger and poverty in the Manhattan area as a community food network. As co-chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus, I understand that hunger is so often an invisible tragedy. For 32 years, the Flint Hills Breadbasket has been collecting and distributing food with the help of many volunteers and churches to make certain no one in the community goes hungry. I learned that many of the individuals receiving food are actively trying to find employment and working to change their lives.   The organization is preparing for a busy holiday season, which will kick off with the annual Thanksgiving Basket program and the Annual Community Thanksgiving Dinner. Last year, volunteers made and distributed more than 200 Thanksgiving baskets to food-insecure families. Thanks again to the entire team at the Breadbasket for the great work you do helping individuals and families in need.
In case you missed it, I encourage you to watch tonight's 60 Minutes Segment on the Department of Veterans Affairs and its new secretary Bob McDonald. He recognizes that scandals at VA facilities across the country—including manipulation of veteran waitlists and appointments—represent how internal VA dysfunction impacts access to and quality of health care.   Secretary McDonald is working to hold individuals accountable, personally recruit doctors and nurses, streamline the convoluted website, make certain that new patients will see a doctor within 30 days and that no one will wait for their benefits. Our nation’s veterans should be treated like patriots, deserving of care from a grateful nation—not made to feel like a burden. I will continue to work so that Kansas veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
I'll be visiting with Shannon Bream on Fox News Channel at 12:10 p.m. CT about Tuesday's election results and the agenda for the new GOP Senate Majority. Please tune in.
Tonight Robba and I are attending the 28th annual Johnson County Community College (JCCC) Foundation "Some Enchanted Evening." The event raises money for scholarships allowing thousands of students the opportunity to fulfill their dream of attending college.   Each year, the Foundation’s highest recognition of achievement, the “Johnson Countian of the Year,” is awarded to an individual or individuals who make an outstanding contribution to the Johnson County community. This year's honoree is Dr. Gary Morsch of Olathe, whose humanitarian efforts through Heart to Heart International bring aid, comfort and hope to those who suffer around the world. Pictured with me and Robba are Tracey Osborne, president of Overland Park Chamber, and Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland.
It is always a privilege to honor our veterans, and today was a beautiful fall day to ride in this WWII Jeep in the Topeka Veterans Parade. The parade is just one of the many events and parades across Kansas between now and November 11, Veterans Day, that will bring families and communities together to honor all those who served. Thanks to former Kansas Adjutant General Maj. Gen. Tod Bunting and the generations of men and women who have served our country with valor. God bless you, and God bless America.
I finished my Listening Tour stops this week at Neosho County Community College in Chanute. More than 20 area residents attended and shared their thoughts. The discussion focused on a number of issues facing Kansas and the nation including ensuring access to quality healthcare for rural veterans, the promise of medical research, the threat of terrorism, and disability issues. Thanks to the folks who came out and thanks to President Dr. Brian Inbody for allowing me to host my town hall at Neosho County Community College.
Earlier this week I was the keynote speaker at the Neodesha Rotary Club meeting. About 40 folks attended and the conversation focused on the importance of ending the gridlock in the Senate and passing bills, over regulation by federal agencies including EPA, and the need to produce our own domestic energy. These are all issues the new Republican-led Senate will work to address by focusing on pro-growth, pro-jobs policies. Thanks again to Mojo's for hosting the meeting, as well as Karen Porter for arranging my visit. It was good to see everyone who attended, including Wilson County Commissioners Casey Lair and Russ Walker.
After Tuesday's elections, it's clear that Washington, D.C. will look quite different in January 2015. For the first time in eight years, Republicans will control the U.S. Senate. With new leadership, the Senate will seek results, not divisive political games. The Republican Senate will allow robust debate and vote on legislation that works to increase freedom and opportunity for every American.  The challenges America faces are significant, and the consequences of failing to address them are profound. The President indicated his policies were up for review by the electorate this November and the response from voters was clear: the President's progressive agenda has fallen short. With so much at stake, we're in need of real solutions that do more than just increase the size and cost of the federal government.  This new Congress has an opportunity to move the country in a positive direction and approach the difficult decisions ahead with the well-being of all Americans in mind. This week voters requested a different plan, respect among elected officials and an end to the "do nothing" Senate. I am eager to begin this new chapter and am hopeful for a better future ahead.
I continued my listening tour this morning with a Labette County town hall in the community building in Altamont. Our discussion included how changes to the Senate rules are not beneficial to Kansans and rural America. Thanks to all the residents who turned out on Election Day to share your thoughts and concerns about the direction of our country.
At lunchtime yesterday I stopped at the Town Hall Building in Frontenac to host a meeting with Crawford County residents. We discussed a number of issues including the need for Critical Access Hospitals, immigration reform, federal transportation funding, EPA proposed regulation on navigable waters and overregulation of community banks. Thanks to all the Kansans who attended including State Representative Adam Lusker, former Senator Jim Barone and former Reps. Bob Grant and Ed McKechnie.
This afternoon I had the opportunity to tour the construction site for Pittsburg State University’s Bicknell Family Center for the Arts. When complete, the $33 million facility will serve as one of the Midwest’s premiere venues for music, theater, art exhibits and lectures. The generosity of lead donor Gene Bicknell, his wife, Rita, and their family is making an indelible mark on PSU and will help transform the future of the region. It speaks volumes that the Bicknell family long wished to remain anonymous in order to keep the focus on the true purpose of the project: academics, community and culture. Thank you to the Bicknell family and the more than 600 donors who have joined them in supporting the future of PSU. After 30 years on the drawing board, you have helped the new Center for the Arts at Pittsburg State become a reality.  It is an amazingly impressive performing arts center and the "Wow!" I said aloud as I drove down the street and saw it for the first time was truly an understatement. Thanks to President Steve Scott for showing the new Arts Center to me and, more importantly, for his tremendous leadership on this accomplishment. The ribbon cutting is scheduled for December 7.
Also this morning, 15 Linn County area residents joined me at City Hall in Mound City for a town hall meeting. The important issues discussed included fixing the dysfunction at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Thanks again to the veteran who shared his experiences with the VA – I will convey your story as a case study to the VA Secretary. Other topics included County of Origin labeling rules in the United States, VAWA, health care, the farm bill and the ISIS threat. Thanks to all who attended, including Sen. Caryn Tyson and her father-in-law, former state Sen. Robert Tyson.
This morning I visited a government class at Olathe East High School where we discussed the upcoming elections and the national attention on Kansas this year. The students also asked about my committee assignments and their impact on Kansas. I shared the work I do to support the University of Kansas Medical Center and their National Cancer Institute designation as well as the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility being built at Kansas State University. I always enjoy meeting with high school students because when I was their age, I first discovered an interest in government and history. Thanks to their teacher, Breanna Francis, for the invitation to speak to her students.
Good news today. Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is back on American soil after a 7 months in a Mexican jail. Thanks to all who helped secure his release. We are glad to have you home Sgt. Tahmooressi.
This afternoon my listening tour took me to Eureka, in Greenwood County, where I met with about 20 area residents and had the chance to hear their concerns. It was an informative discussion focused on the economy, overregulation by the federal government, ag policy and frustration with Obamacare hurting businesses. Thanks to the Eureka Public Library for allowing us to meet in their great facility, as well as Mayor Mike Pitko and Representative Larry Hibbard for joining us.
Four lives were tragically lost Thursday as a plane crashed into a building at Wichita’s Mid-Continent Airport. These four individuals and their loved ones are in my thoughts and prayers as their families and friends deal with this most difficult time. This morning I met with Vice Mayor Jeff Blubaugh, Wichita Airport Authority Director Victor White, and City of Wichita Government Relations Director Dale Goter to discuss the crash, the response and how I can be of assistance in dealing with federal emergencies. Thank you to the fire and police departments who responded to this tragedy.
On my way to vote at the Riley County Courthouse. I always prefer to vote on Election Day, but I will be on the road with Town Halls in Neodosha and Chanute. Then election night in Wichita.
Enjoyed good company and conversations at my town hall meeting today in Iola. Discussion included VA and Veterans issues, rural health care, costs of over-regulating community banks, ISIS and need for military readiness, increasing cost of national debt when interest rates begin to increase. Glad to see so many people attend and make their opinions and suggestions heard.
Talking politics with Mr. Stacy Reed's AP Government class at Burlington High School this afternoon.
This morning I continued my visits to Kansas hospitals this week with a stop at Anderson County Hospital in Garnett. I had the opportunity to get a hard-hat tour of the new facility being built directly behind the current hospital with CEO Dennis Hachenberg, and was glad to hear it remains on schedule to open in Spring 2015. Community Hospitals like Anderson County Hospital play a vitally important role addressing the unique health care needs of rural Kansas. The new, modern facility is the future of health care in Anderson County and will help meet the community’s needs far into the future. Thanks again to the Board of Trustees for the informative tour.
This morning I had the privilege of visiting with several dozen WWII and Korean War veterans from Kansas at the World War II Memorial. They are in Washington, DC taking part in the Kansas Honor Flight Program. The group stopped by this plaque honoring another special Kansas veteran.
Kansas drivers, please stay safe and keep an eye out for wildlife on the road this fall. Most deer-vehicle crashes occur during this time of year.
The afternoon I headed to Winchester to tour the F.W. Huston Medical Center Jefferson Clinic and visit with staff. Community Hospitals like F.W. Huston Medical Center play a vitally important role addressing the unique health care needs of rural Kansas. Today's conversation focused on efforts by Administration to change the criteria for Community Access Hospital designation as well as unreasonable and irrational regulations. The doctors shared their concerns about too much time being spent on compliance rather than patient care. Thanks again to the entire Jefferson Clinic team including Chief Nursing Officer Douglas Norton of Lamont for the visit. It was also good to see Mayor Nancy Curry and Council Member Lorraine Herring also pictured below.
This morning I had the opportunity to visit Holton Community Hospital and learn about the vital role the facility plays in caring for their community. It was good to sit down with hospital administrators and local officials including Mayor Robert Dieckmann, Assistant City Manager Kerwin McKee, and former Kansas House member Becky Hutchins. Thanks again for sharing your thoughts and concerns with me.
Kansas: Where seldom is heard a discouraging word.
Thanks to the more than 60 McPherson area residents who came out to my McPherson County Kansas Listening Tour Stop to discuss issues of importance to Kansas and the nation. I heard concerns about the Affordable Care Act, Medicare, Social Security, military strategy, the deficit, and Country of Origin Labeling (COOL). I also appreciated that Congressman Dick Nichols and McPherson Mayor Tom Brown attended.
I started my day in Hutchinson at the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center. Thanks to Cosmosphere CEO Dick Hollowell, President and COO Jim Remar, and Board Member and past Hutchinson Community College President Dr. Ed Berger for a great discussion about efforts to refocus the purpose of the Cosmosphere. Their goal is to make it more interactive and a place where 4th and 5th graders can apply what's being taught in the classroom. We also discussed the importance of STEM—science, technology, engineering and mathematics—education. The competitiveness of our state and nation is directly related to the quality of our students’ education, and their interest in making the Cosmosphere a learning center—not just an entertainment center—will benefit Kansas students and teachers.
Today I joined Salina Rotarians the Bicentennial Center for their weekly Monday meeting. Here, Rotarian Mark Bandre of Kansas Wesleyan and Salina Mayor Aaron Householter are giving their classification talks. Attending today gave me the opportunity to visit with a number of community leaders, as well as get a make-up slip to overcome my many missed meetings for my hometown club in Hays.
As the month of October – Domestic Violence Month – comes to a close, I’d like to bring attention to the horrific problem so many individuals and families endure. In Kansas, an estimated one in 10 adult women will suffer from domestic abuse this year. Men and children are victims as well. Whether we realize it or not, statistics prove all of us know someone who is suffering physical and psychological abuse. We should continue to draw attention to these crimes and encourage anyone who needs help to seek it. Before the Senate adjourned, I spoke about this topic on the Senate floor. You can watch my speech below.
It was great cheering on the Wildcats to a victory over Texas today. I enjoyed meeting and catching up with a number of Kansans including the Dreiling Family.
It was great to cheer on the K-State Wildcats to a victory over Texas today. Here, I'm pictured with Morris County  Sheriff's Department Deputy Michael Gustason.
On Monday, I'm hosting another Kansas Listening Tour Stop in McPherson County. I encourage you to join me at The Cedars in McPherson at 10:30 a.m. For a full listing of upcoming stops, visit my website.
Last month, I introduced the Toxic Exposure Research Act. It would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of descendants of individuals exposed to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from overseas conflicts. I am hopeful this bipartisan and bicameral legislation will continue to receive the support from Members of Congress. October is #AgentOrangeAwareness month. I encourage you to learn more about the impact of this toxin by clicking the link below.
#KansasCommonSense: Kansas Listening Tour continues in Nemaha and Doniphan Counties, addressing the Ebola crisis, Hiawatha Community Hospital visit, and more.
I also visited to the community of Kanorado, Kansas, today. There weren't many people around as corn harvest is in full swing. According to the folks I did visit with, there's still quite a ways to go before it's completed. I also stopped by Don's Service Station, the Post Office and City Hall. As far as I could tell, I was the only person in town wearing a tie.
Today, I held a Kansas Listening Tour Stop in Gove County. We discussed a number of issues including the need for effective coordination to stop Ebola, the Lesser Prairie Chicken, the importance of a Farm Bill, the convoluted tax code and Obamacare. I appreciated Quinter High School Teacher Mrs. Kelli Getz bringing her senior government class to participate, as well as the students' thoughtful questions. Thanks to Mr. Jack Tebow for hosting the meeting.
I had a great visit this morning on the Fort Hays State University (FHSU) campus with President Dr. Mirta Martin. Robba was on the selection committee, and we both want to assist FHSU for the benefit of students and our state.
I couldn't let the beauty of a Kansas Fall afternoon go to waste—found one of those roads I like for exercise and thinking. I had a great Saturday visiting with 64 great Kansas kids who want to attend one of the Military Academies followed by inspiration outdoors.
Today, I had the honor of meeting more than 60 students from Kansas at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Library in Abilene as part of my annual Service Academy Selection Day. Students applying for admission to the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy and U.S. Merchant Marine Academy interviewed with my Selection Board, and the Board provided me with recommendations regarding nominations. This day has always been a favorite of mine because I get to meet some of the best and brightest of Kansas. It also served as a reminder that Kansas produces smart, hard-working, civic-minded people who want to serve their country.  Big thanks to Michelle Kopefer at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Library for hosting us. And, this important process would not be possible without the help of my selection board — community leaders from across the state who take great interest in seeing students succeed.
While Americans were assured that our public health infrastructure was ready to handle Ebola, unfortunately reality has shown we still have a lot of work to do. All options should be on the table to keep Kansans and Americans safe from disease, which is why I support travel restrictions on commercial airline passengers traveling from nations afflicted by Ebola. Travel restrictions will also give us time to make certain our hospitals are procedurally ready to handle Ebola patients. Coordination with the proper agencies to make certain that medical personnel and supplies can still come in and out of West Africa is critical.
Today, President Obama appointed an Ebola Response Coordinator. Without the right person in charge, I am concerned the President’s appointment of a political ally will only add to the bureaucratic inefficiencies that have plagued Ebola response efforts thus far. He must be able to cut through red tape and make unbiased decisions across multiple agencies – the buck has to stop with him. Unfortunately, the White House is treating this critical role like an appointment to be the “Green-Jobs Czar” or the “Great Lakes Czar” – political operatives with titles – not handling it with the seriousness it deserves. This is a real crisis and worthy of an individual with extensive background in international diplomacy, experience coordinating large-scale interagency missions, as well as a proven ability to work with Congress and across the aisle. The stakes are high and Americans need confidence that their government is working in their best interest.
It was good to be in Doniphan County today to visit with folks at Highland Community College. Our conversation focused on concerns with federal mandates and overregulation, as well as the importance of preserving rural Kansas. Thanks to Highland Community College President David Reist for attending and hosting the town hall meeting.
The view out my front door at Country Cabins north of Hiawatha. Next, I'm traveling to Highland for another Kansas Listening Tour Stop.
I just wrapped up a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Sabetha. Thanks to the more than 20 folks who came out to discuss important issues including preserving our special way of life in Kansas. I appreciate Sabetha Middle School Principal Tom Palmer for hosting the meeting. For a full listing of my town hall meetings, visit my website at http://www.moran.senate.gov/.
At hospitals across our state, there are so many people involved in making certain patients are cared for — just like Debbie Hunsaker (pictured here). I had an informative visit at Hiawatha Community Hospital (HCH) this afternoon. Built in 1951 through the generosity of its citizens, HCH is a Critical Access Hospital and continues to be community-owned to this day. Thanks to HCH Administrator John Moore for hosting my tour.
Today, I visited The University of Kansas Hospital in Kansas City, Kansas, and continued my tour of Kansas’ 128 community hospitals to learn more about the ways Kansas hospitals plan to care for and isolate patients who may present themselves with Ebola.  During a press conference with The University of Kansas Hospital Chief Medical Officer Dr. Lee Norman, I shared my appreciation for the care and abundance of caution used by the staff, nurses and physicians to treat a possible Ebola patient; support of a travel ban on commercial airline passengers traveling from nations afflicted by Ebola; and my efforts to hold a Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee Hearing on the domestic implications of Ebola. (photo courtesy of The University of Kansas Hospital.)
Kansas City Royals fans awoke today to realize the World Series is not just a dream, but will actually be played at The K next Tuesday night. My wife Robba was at the games in ‘85 and we’ll be cheering on the Royals again this time as they seek to bring the world championship back to Kansas City. Let’s go, Royals!
Lenexa, Kansas based "Heart To Heart International" plans $6 million humanitarian aid mission to help Ebola victims in Liberia.
While it is good news that the preliminary test results are negative, a possible patient with Ebola in Kansas is a serious development and reiterates the need for us to heighten coordination and vigilance. I have spoken with hospital administrators who will continue to treat the isolated patient with an abundance of caution. I have also asked the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to expedite the confirmatory test to definitively rule out any possibility of Ebola. I will continue to be in touch with The University of Kansas Hospital and the CDC to monitor the situation.
Good news for Wichita – today, the federal restrictions on airlines operating at Dallas Love Field expired. I worked on this compromise in 2006 to expand access for Kansas travelers with flights through Love Field. This means more flight options for Kansans and visitors to our state. 
This afternoon, I had the privilege of congratulating six new Eagle Scouts in Leawood. To become an Eagle Scout, one must demonstrate his leadership, service and outdoor skills.    The Boy Scouts of America aims to develop responsible and engaged citizens. Through the Boy Scouts, young men are being equipped with skills that will help them become successful in life. I enjoyed being a part of this special ceremony and want to congratulate Isaac, William, Andrew, Calvin, Jacob and Dane on a job well done.
This morning, nearly 30 Lyon County area residents joined me at PrairieLand Partners in Emporia. The important issues discussed included education, rural broadband, health care, Ebola and the ISIS threat. We also shared an update on the progress of restoring Reading's post office. Thanks to PrairieLand Partners' Paul du Toit for hosting the meeting. Here, I'm pictured with Lyon County Commissioner Scott Briggs and State Senator Jeff Longbine.
This sunrise was worth getting up early for.   I encourage Lyon County area residents to attend my Kansas Listening Tour Stop at PrairieLand Partners in Emporia at 8:30 a.m.
Tonight, Robba and I attended the KidsTLC United for Kids Gala in Overland Park. It was great to see so many community members in attendance to help support the KidsTLC mission of transforming lives of children and families in the community. In September, I had the opportunity to visit their center and learn more about the psychiatric, behavioral and autism services KidsTLC provides to children and their families. A special thank you to all the sponsors and individuals who support KidsTLC and make a difference one person at a time. Thanks to KidsTLC CEO Gordon Docking for his hospitality and to Special Events and Fundraising Manager Shannon Moriarty for coordinating our attendance. Here, I'm pictured with David Cook of the University of Kansas Edwards Campus and Lenexa Mayor Mike Boehm.
This afternoon, I joined Governor Brownback and members of his cabinet, State Senator Jeff King, Montgomery County Action Council Director Aaron Heckman, and an organized group of concerned civic and elected officials from across Montgomery County to discuss how to handle last week's announcement that Amazon is moving their operation from Southeast Kansas. It was a standing-room only crowd of about 150 area residents and resulted in a productive meeting. Governor Brownback pledged his commitment to recovery, and members of his cabinet offered programs to help with job placement and training. I have reached out to the Department of Labor and the Department of Commerce, and will continue to look for ways at the federal level to assist and help this rural community persevere. Thanks to Governor Brownback and State Senator Jeff King for inviting me to take part in the meeting.
Today, I was in Southeast Kansas for Noon Rotary Club in Parsons. My keynote address touched on the importance of keeping rural communities thriving and my efforts to make certain veterans have access to health care. Thanks to Parsons Rotary Club President Peter Cook for allowing me to speak, Ann Charles of Great Plains Industrial Park for the kind introduction, and to Dr. Wayne Gilmore setting up my visit.
This morning, I joined Kansas City entrepreneurs for breakfast at the Google Fiber Space. The event was hosted by KCNext — the Technology Council of Greater Kansas City — and was a great opportunity for local entrepreneurs to share their success stories and challenges with area civic leaders including KCK Mayor Mark Holland and KCMO Mayor Sly James.   Also in attendance was entrepreneur Steve Case who is on a road trip through the midwest — Rise of the Rest— to promote and celebrate American entrepreneurship. Here, I'm pictured with Engine Executive Director Julie Samuels. To learn more about Rise of the Rest and fascinating stories from entrepreneurs across the Midwest, visit riseoftherest.tumblr.com.
It was good to be in Hoxie at JD's this week to visit with area residents about a number of issues affecting Kansas and their community including the lesser prairie chicken, agriculture, transportation, access to health care, keeping rural America alive and the tax code. Thanks to Terry Feldt for helping to coordinate my visit.   For a full listing of my upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops, visit my website.
On Monday, I called on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to implement new Ebola-specific screenings at U.S. airports. I was pleased to learn today that enhanced screening measures will be implemented at high-traffic U.S. airports. Given Ebola’s long incubation period, entry screenings are not the full solution, but this is a step in the right direction. As we work to fight Ebola abroad, we also must make certain our homeland is protected.
Following my remarks at Oberlin Rotary Club yesterday, I held a town hall meeting at the Gateway Civic Center. Thanks to all the folks who came out to share their thoughts on issues facing Kansas and the nation including students from Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School. Here, I'm pictured with Sarah Fredrickson (upper right), Ralph and Norma Unger (upper left) and Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School Seniors who are members of Student Council. Thanks again to John Sater for the hosting my visit. (photos courtesy of the Oberlin Herald)
Making certain Kansans have access to affordable, quality health care has been and continues to be one of my priorities in Congress. To ensure Kansas towns survive and flourish, the unique health care needs of rural Americans must be addressed. Today, I stopped by Decatur County Hospital to learn firsthand the vital role they play in caring for the residents of Decatur County. Here, I'm pictured with Decatur Health Systems CEO Mr. Owens, Ms. Deb Klima and Mr. Lorentz.
The Obama Administration's use of financial regulators to harass lawful America businesses it dislikes sets a very troubling precedent. DOJ needs real to provide Congress with real answers about "Operation Choke Point."
Over the noon hour, I spoke to members of Oberlin Rotary Club at the Gateway Civic Center and thanked them for their service to the community. I believe service organizations like Rotary Club help to make Kansas communities strong. There were 70 area residents in attendance including Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School, so my remarks focused on the importance of education, as well as the dysfunction in the United States Senate. Thanks to John Sater for the hosting my visit.
The fourth stop of my Western Kansas town hall tour was in Atwood. Thanks to the folks who came out this morning to discuss issues important to our nation and the state including immigration, Medicare, dysfunction in the Senate, overregulation, transportation, and keeping our freedoms alive and well. I appreciated Lee Skiles for allowing me to host the conversation with about 25 area residents at Mojo Espresso & Bistro.
I began my morning in Saint Francis at Fresh Seven Coffee hosting a town hall meeting with about 25 area residents. We discussed a number of issues including agriculture, the Clean Water Act rule, education and costly EPA regulations. Thanks to Kale Dankenbring and Heidi Plumb for allowing me to host the event at their coffee shop.
Yesterday, I kicked off a series of town hall meetings in Western Kansas. My first stop was in Logan County at Oakley's Northwest Kansas Educational Services Center. We had a good discussion about overregulation, the threat of ISIS, the legislative process and the Ebola response. Thanks to Tricia Runkle for coordinating my visit.  My next stop was at the Wallace County Senior Center in Sharon Springs. There, we discussed the need for a functioning Senate, veterans issues and the importance of Critical Access Hospitals. Thanks to Jayne Pearce for helping to coordinate my visit. For a full listing of my upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops, visit my website—moran.senate.gov.
Today, I called on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden to implement Ebola-specific screenings at U.S. airports. As we fight Ebola abroad, we need to make certain the homeland is protected as well. While there is no way to completely eliminate the threat, screenings at U.S. ports of entry will add a layer of much-needed protection. 
On Friday, I joined community leaders at the Atchison Area United Way kickoff luncheon. United Way has been improving lives for more than 126 years and the local program works with 18 agencies in Atchison to improve education, income levels and healthcare. I wish United Way Executive Director Terry Knopke and the community success in achieving their goal of $198,000 to invest in their neighbors. Thanks to Atchison City Manager Trey Cocking for inviting me to speak and Rep. Lynn Jenkins for the kind introduction.  Here, I'm pictured (L to R) with MGP Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer Don Tracy, Atchison United Way Executive Director Terry Knopke, Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins, MGP President and Chief Executive Officer Gus Griffin, and MGP Vice President of Production and Engineering Randy Schrick.
Only in Kansas!
I'm back home in Plainville today and having lunch at the Rooks County Health Center. Pictured with me here is Gary Hicks of Plainville and Harold Dennett of Palco. Gary served from 1970-1976 in the Marines, and is a retired Eastern Heights teacher.    Harold, 92, served as a Army combat engineer during WWII from 1942-1946. He agreed to take a photo only if he could say he loves his daughters: Denise, Rita, Linda and Carol on Facebook—though he doesn't really know what that is. His wife of 70 years, Juanita, passed away one year ago today. We honor and thank our veterans and their families.
It’s been an incredible week for Kansas City sports fans. The Royals have proven they belong, and will try to continue their postseason magic tonight in Anaheim. Two generations of fans will be cheering them on—Go Royals!
I was glad to see that the Small Business Administration (SBA) – a U.S. government agency established to protect the interests of small businesses – agrees it is time for the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to ditch the proposed clean water rule. According to official comments submitted by the SBA, the EPA improperly analyzed the “direct, significant impacts” the proposed rule will have on agriculture and other small businesses. Contrary to the story the EPA is attempting to tell, the SBA’s “economic analysis clearly indicates that this rule is likely to have a significant economic effect on small businesses.” 
It was a pleasure to join Sporting Kansas City at The White House today where they were honored as the 2013 MLS Cup Champions. This year marks the club's 19th year in Major League Soccer, and I'm glad they were recognized for their efforts on the field and in the Kansas City community. The team will stay in Washington through Friday when they take on D.C. United. Click here to view the  ceremony. http://bit.ly/Ztw3wL
Yesterday, I visited the University of Kansas Department of Special Education—consistently ranked as one of the top graduate-level special education programs in the country—to visit with faculty members and take part in a classroom simulation. I learned about a number of research projects, as well as how that research is being applied in the classroom. Thanks to Dean of Education Rick Ginsberg, Professor and Chair of the Department of Special Education Elizabeth Kozleski and Faculty Member Marti Elford for the informative visit.
This afternoon, I gave remarks at the grand opening and ribbon cutting ceremony for the Leavenworth VA Medical Center's new Women Veterans’ Health Center. Four women veterans were honored at the event including Miriam Blazier, Helen Perry, Kelly DeGreek and Elizabeth Hayes. Elizabeth is pictured with me in the top right photo. She was a specialist in the U.S. Army from 1986-1993. It was an honor to thank these veterans for their service. I will continue working to make certain all Kansas veterans have access to the quality health care they deserve.
Here in Kansas, severe weather is unpredictable. September is National Preparedness Month and I worked with The Weather Channel to film a #ConnectWithWeather PSA to support this initiative. The first line of defense against severe weather is preparedness. I encourage you and your family to be informed, make a plan and practice your plan to keep your family safe during weather emergencies.
I enjoyed stopping in Jefferson County today to visit with students enrolled in a current events class from McLouth High School. We discussed a number of issues facing Kansas and the country. Thanks to their teacher Mr. Boucher and Principal Mark Dodge for allowing me to visit.
My day began at Seaman High School in Topeka. The students had thoughtful questions ranging in topics from the U.S. military in the Middle East, the Affordable Care Act, and education to the Ebola outbreak and federal term limits. Thanks to Principal Ron Vinduska for hosting my visit.
I walk a few miles most days to clear my head and for better health. Today, the weather is so nice that I stopped on a dirt road in Dickinson County and started walking. I never would have expected company, but Keith Dickman and his grandson were on their way to work in the field. Keith and I met in Council Grove when I was first running for office, and I was glad he stopped to say hello. We had a great conversation that ended with his plea to "please get things straightened out back there" for the benefit of his grandson. Well said.
I enjoyed visiting with Conway Springs-area residents today and participating in the community’s Fall Festival parade. It was helpful to hear what residents had on their minds and get a good dose of Kansas common sense. Thanks to local veterinarian Dr. Rick Cox for driving me and to Charles and Lucille Ellis for loaning their Mustang convertible. Thanks also to Kathy Barkley and Evelyn Osner for coordinating my attendance.   Prior to the parade, I met with World War II Veteran Eldon Raines and Vietnam War Veteran Bill Wiseley. Thank you for your distinguished service to our country. I appreciate First Christian Church Pastor Bill Nestelroad for arranging this special opportunity.
Driving the Rose Hill Road this evening I saw a typical Kansas Friday night scene—just a little younger. These are 1st and 2nd graders practicing for their Saturday morning game against Hutchinson.
Friday afternoon, I had an informative tour of the Rubbermaid plant in Winfield. This facility has more than 1,000 employees and has continued to grow despite tough economic times. The plant built a new warehouse in 2012 that spans 500,000 square feet and nearly doubled their workforce. During my visit, we discussed the need for affordable housing in Winfield and the growing need for technical skilled employees. Thanks to Winfield Rubbermaid Plant Representatives Michael Grant, Mark Johnson, Austin Rising, Brandi Biddle for coordinating my visit.
Yesterday, I attended the second annual Kansas Aviation Expo.  Organized by the Kansas Commission on Aerospace Education (KCAE), the week-long event is designed to inspire interest in one of our state’s great industries to the nearly 1,000 high school and college-aged students in attendance. I enjoyed visiting with a number of future aviation leaders and learning more about educational and vocational programs, including a flying tour across Kansas. To keep Kansas’ aviation industry strong, we need not only a growing and prosperous economy but also a proactive effort to train the next generation of aviation professionals. It was encouraging to see that effort well underway last night. Thanks to KCAE President Brian Youngers and the entire board for volunteering their time to put on this event. Thanks also to Kansas Department of Transportation Aviation Director Jesse Romo for inviting me to attend.   At the expo, I caught up with KSN's Chris Arnold to discuss a number of issues facing our nation and our state. Click the link below to listen to our conversation. 
This afternoon, I traveled to Wichita and visited ADR, Inc., a media production and printing firm. With an aviation centered but diversifying client base, it was exciting to see how over the course of more than 30 years years ADR employees have embraced new technologies—including digital media and e-learning—to meet evolving customer needs. Its 37 employees work on 600-800 jobs per day and 150 print jobs are shipped daily.  Thanks to Founders/Owners Jim and Grace Rishel and CEO Patrick Tuttle (pictured with me here) for leading the tour. For the last three years, Patrick has served with distinction as chairman of the Wichita Aero Club. He works tirelessly to further the club’s mission of promoting interest in aviation combined with providing a forum that focuses on industry issues and achievements.
As a part of my Kansas Listening Tour, I stopped in Barton County today at the new downtown theater Golden Belt Cinema 6. It was great to see nearly 50 local residents, as well as some folks from Hutchinson and Hoisington. Our conversation was largely focused on the dysfunction of the United States Senate. Other topics included representing rural America in the nation's capital and immigration reform. Thanks to Chad Somers for letting us gather at his theater and to Jan Peters and the Great Bend Chamber of Commerce and Economic Development team for promoting and hosting the meeting.
It was great to be back at Hays High School this morning to visit with students enrolled in Current Issues and American Government Classes. I appreciated the questions from students on a variety of topics including differences between the House and Senate, what committees I serve on, the federal government's role in education and  how our Administration is handling ISIS. Thanks to Principal Marty Straub for the invitation to speak to these bright students.
I kicked off my day in Salina at Sacred Heart Jr. Sr. High School. There, I spoke to Mr. Hamilton's American Government class about the role of Congress, threats in the Middle East, education funding and what a typical day is like for a U.S. Senator. Thanks to the seniors for their thoughtful questions. In the bottom left photo, I'm pictured with Sacred Heart Senior Gib Schuessler. In the bottom right photo, I'm pictured with Mr. Hamilton.
Wishing a sweet new year to Jewish families in Kansas and around the world observing Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish new year holiday which begins tonight.
This morning, I toured Nemaha Valley Community Hospital & Seneca Family Practice in Seneca. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee—which has jurisdiction over funding for most federal agencies that impact hospitals and other health care providers—it was helpful to visit with CEO Stan Regehr about Medicare reimbursement rates and regulations, recruitment of health care professionals to rural Kansas, and the impact the Affordable Care Act has on hospital operations. Here, I'm pictured with Nurse Practitioner Lori Lueger and Nurses Janet Stallbaumer, Nichole Kock and Julie Rottinghaus.
I have a number of Kansas Listening Tour stops coming up in the next couple weeks. I encourage you to check my website to see when I'll be in a county near you.
Today, I made a surprise visit to Dr. Barry Flinchbaugh’s agriculture policy class at Kansas State University. This is my third surprise visit since my time as a U.S. Senator. Dr. Flinchbaugh has served on numerous national boards and commissions and is a leading authority in agriculture policy. I appreciated the opportunity to speak with his students about the role of the Senate Agriculture Committee, as well as my role as a member of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee. Thanks to Dr. Flinchbaugh and his class for allowing me to stop by.
Tonight, I gave remarks at the Riley County Farm Bureau Meeting. It was great to visit with more than 100 area Farm Bureau members about a number of issues facing the agriculture industry including the Lesser Prairie Chicken, EPA regulations and the rural way of life in Kansas. I appreciate their organization for supporting the future of agriculture in our state and across the country.
Wearing my purple tie around the Senate today. Good luck to the Wildcats tonight against Auburn!
I was privileged and humbled to spend time with World War II veterans from Kansas at the National World War II Memorial this morning. These veterans represent the best of America – a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is because these veterans answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we have today. Thanks to Mike and Connie VanCampen for coordinating this trip. These visits truly reaffirm my commitment to do all I can to make our nation a a better place for future generations.
I recently introduced legislation – the Toxic Exposure Research Act – that would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of descendants of individuals exposed to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from overseas conflicts. I am pleased to share that our efforts led to introduction of companion legislation (H.R. 5484) in the U.S. House of Representatives today by Congressman Dan Benishek, M.D., of Michigan and Congressman Mike Honda of California. I am hopeful this bipartisan and bicameral legislation will continue to receive support by Members of Congress and move through the legislative process. I encourage you to watch my remarks on the U.S. Senate Floor discussing the importance of this legislation. 
The 2014 Kansas State Fair wrapped up on Sunday evening. I hope you had the opportunity to attend and experience the exciting rides, wonderful food, educational exhibit halls and livestock barns. I encourage you to watch this video, which is a great recap of the annual, 10-day celebration of our state.
This afternoon I will participate in a Senate hearing on the response to the Ebola health crisis in West Africa. One of the witnesses will be Dr. Kent Brantly, an American missionary physician who was successfully treated for Ebola in the United States. Ebola can be stopped, but to do so requires both effective containment action and basic medical care. Please take the time to read my CNN op-ed about the international response and U.S. coordination needed to stop the spread of infection. Ebola does not have to be a death sentence, but leadership and global cooperation are required to meet this serious challenge.
I'm back in Washington tonight getting ready for the week ahead. A couple of important hearings this week include a requested hearing on the burdensome regulations of community banks and credit unions and my appropriations subcommittee is examining the dire world consequences of Ebola.
It was a pleasure to visit with Lieutenant General Brown this week and get an update on Fort Leavenworth and the Command and General Staff College – the intellectual center of the Army. I also appreciated the update on the transition assistance program, Solider For Life, which is designed to support soldiers and their families during the initial transition to civilian life and in the years to follow. During the meeting, we also discussed the Army’s initiative to combine its 86 training schools nationwide into an “Army University.” The “Army University” falls under the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth.
I encourage you to attend the Kansas State Fair, which runs through Sunday. I was there last Friday and one of my favorite traditions is stopping by the Wheatland Cafe, which is owned by the Bauer Family of Hudson and is near my booth in the Pride of Kansas Building. They have delicious apple dumplings, and I always enjoyed my conversations with the patriarch of the family, Harold. Unfortunately, he passed away this spring, but his sense of humor and commitment to his community will not soon be forgotten.  Please consider stopping by my booth where members of my staff will be available to answer questions.Thank you to the Kansas State Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to ensure the fair’s success.
This week, I spoke at the National Automobile Dealers Association’s (NADA) Washington Conference. This event brought together more than 400 auto dealers from around the country to discuss the role the federal government plays in their industry. My remarks were focused on my role as a member of the Senate Banking Committee, which holds jurisdiction over much of the auto lending financing industry. The concerns I heard on Wednesday included the need for greater Congressional oversight of the powerful Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). I have introduced legislation to restructure the CFPB and improve its transparency and accountability. Thanks to Kansas Automobile Dealers Association (KADA) Director Dave Shepherd of Fort Scott for introducing me at the event as well as KADA leadership team for their participation: KADA President Don McNeely of Topeka, Chairman Tim Lang of Paola, Vice-Chairman Tuffy Taylor of Colby and Larry Carl of Overland Park.
On the anniversary of September 11, 2001, we remember those who perished and honor all who stepped forth to defend America, seek justice, and help us recover and rebuild even after the most terrible of tragedies. It is clear the threat of violence from terrorism remains very real, and good people around the world remain at risk. Our mission also remains clear: the United States must stay vigilant and uphold the American values of freedom, equality and tolerance on which this country was founded.  Pictured is a steel beam from the World Trade Center, part of the 9/11 Memorial completed this year in Overland Park, Kansas.
It was great to visit with representatives from Kansas Farmers Union yesterday during their visit to Washington, D.C. We discussed some of the most pressing issues facing Kansas farmers and ranchers including essential provisions of the Farm Bill such as crop insurance and livestock disaster programs. It was an honor to be presented with the Golden Triangle Award. The award is presented annually to Members of Congress who demonstrate leadership and support policies that benefit family farmers, ranchers, fisherman and rural communities.
I was in Lawrence last week to attend the Kansas Pharmacists Association's 134th Annual Meeting & Trade Show. This event gave me an opportunity to visit with a number of pharmacists from across our state and learn how they deliver health care in our communities. Pharmacists play an important role in our health care system. This is especially true in rural states like Kansas, where the local pharmacist is often the most accessible health care provider in a community. Here, I'm pictured with incoming Kansas Pharmacists Association President Jim Baumann and his wife Kathleen.
Yesterday, I met with the Kansas Association of Secondary School Principals (KASSP) 2014 Kansas Principals of the Year Cara Ledy of Wichita South High School and Mark Bloustine of Paola Middle School. Each year, KASSP recognizes middle school and secondary school principals for outstanding and exemplary leadership, and I’m pleased they are being commended for their contributions to Kansas students. During our visit, we discussed the need for more flexibility in federal education policy to enable schools to raise the bar and focus on preparing students for careers and higher education. I appreciated the opportunity to visit with them and learn more about how they work each to prepare students for the challenges of life. Thanks to Cara and Mark, and all Kansas education professionals, for their commitment to helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom and beyond.
Today in the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee I questioned the new VA Secretary Robert McDonald about the state of VA health care. I used the opportunity to share the stories of two Kansas veterans with differing experiences when it comes to access to health care in the transitioning VA system: Lee Mahin of Smith Center and Larry McIntire of Plainville, I was pleased to receive a commitment from Sec. McDonald that the VA will make certain veterans receive the care they need through the Choice Act and will not experience the burden of travel to access that care. This is particularly important if a VA facility within 40 miles of where a veteran resides does not offer the care and treatment the veteran is seeking. 
Lt. Col. Stephen Matthews, 349th Air Refueling Squadron commander at McConnell Air Force base in Wichita, was selected as Air Mobility Command's nominee for one of the Air Force's most prestigious awards, the 2013 Lance P. Sijan Leadership Award.
This morning, I learned that yesterday afternoon a fire in Scott City destroyed one of the last historic buildings still remaining downtown – Braun’s Butcher Block. This is very sad news, and is devastating for this business and the downtown community. Thanks to the firefighters and first responders from Scott, Lane and Wichita Counties, as well as the local feedlot employees who worked together to respond to the fire, which thankfully resulted in no injuries.
Robba and I had a great time at Old Settlers Days in Olathe this morning. This family event is one of Johnson County’s best late summer traditions, celebrating its 116th year. Thanks to everyone who introduced themselves during the parade. I also appreciated the opportunity to catch up with Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland and learn about his literacy program that runs through the local library and benefits kids in Olathe.
It was great to be in Hutchinson for the Kansas State Fair's opening night. I encourage all Kansans to attend and explore the exhibit halls, livestock barns and countless educational opportunities. I have a booth in the Pride of Kansas building where members of my staff will be available to answer questions, and we hope you'll stop by to visit.
The Kansas State Fair kicks off today and runs through Sunday, September 14. I encourage you to attend, and have no doubt you will enjoy the exciting rides and the wonderful – and sometimes wacky – food. But don't forget to check out the exhibit halls, livestock barns and countless educational opportunities. I have a booth in the Pride of Kansas building where members of my staff will be available to answer questions, so please come by to visit. Thank you to the Kansas State Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to ensure the fair’s success.
During my time in Lansing yesterday, I toured Twin Oaks Health & Rehabilitation. Operated by Midwest Health, Twin Oaks offers long-term care and rehabilitation health services to Kansans, as well as independent and assisted living facilities. All these resources are located on the same campus, which minimizes the stress of moving for individuals and their families. During the tour, I saw Twin Oaks’ Rapid Recovery wing, which is a new inpatient facility designed to help patients fully recover following an injury, surgery or illness. We discussed the federal government’s regulations for home and community-based Medicaid services, the Affordable Care Act’s impact on Kansas health care providers, and initiatives to address health care workforce challenges in our state. Thanks to Midwest Health President & CEO Jim Klausman and the following members of his team for hosting my visit: Lee Eaton, Brett Klausman, Joe Perkin and Marie Vogel.
This morning, I attended the Johnson County Commissioners meeting. Prior to the meeting, I appreciated getting an update on the impact of the EPA Clean Water Act regulations on wet-weather treatment options for the Johnson County wastewater utility from John O'Neil and Susan Pekarek of Johnson County Wastewater.   Thanks to Commission Chairman Ed Eilert, Commissioners Ed Peterson, Jim Allen, Steve Klika, Jason Osterhaus, Michael Ashcraft and John Toplikar for the hospitality. Thanks also to County Manager Hannes Zacharias for the invitation to attend and for coordinating the meeting.
Today, I visited KidsTLC in Olathe. During my tour of the new Kelly Foundation Behavioral Health, Autism & Wellness Center, it was nice to visit with their new CEO Gordon Docking. I was impressed with the treatments they offer for children with autism and behavioral issues. The facility has a kid-friendly gym, therapy rooms, exam rooms and administrative space.   In June 2014, I was proud to sponsor the Autism CARES Act, legislation to reauthorize important autism research and screening programs. President Obama signed this legislation into law last month. The law prevents unnecessary duplication of federally-supported autism research projects. It also requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to designate an official to oversee national autism spectrum disorder research, support activities and services. The reported prevalence of autism has increased dramatically over the past 20 years, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now estimates that autism affects 1 in 68 children.   Thanks to Gordon and Mark Siegmund for your hospitality and for the informative tour.
My office is now accepting applications for spring 2015 internships. Congressional internships are a great way for Kansas students to learn about Congress while at the same time gaining professional work experience. Having worked as a congressional intern myself, I know what a valuable experience it can be.  I encourage you to watch the video linked below and visit the internship page on my website to learn more. Completed applications must be submitted for consideration by November 1, 2014.
Last night, I attended the Johnson and Wyandotte County Council of Mayors Meeting at Overland Park's new Prairiefire development. The guest speaker was Merrill Companies' Fred Merrill, Jr., who is developing the area. In addition to restaurants and shopping, the Museum at Prairiefire exhibits artifacts from the American Museum of Natural History, which is a draw for both Kansans and tourists.  The mayors and county chairs shared updates on what is happening in their communities, and I appreciated learning something new about each one. A big thanks to these men and women who give of their time to improve their communities and the state. Thanks also to Overland Park's DJ Curtis for coordinating my visit.  Here's a list of the indviduals in attendance: Johnson County Commission Chair Ed Eilert, Unified Government Wyandotte County Kansas City Kansas Mayor CEO Mark Holland, Edwardsville Mayor John McTaggart, De Soto Mayor Tim Maniez, Gardner Mayor Chris Murrow, Lake Quivira Mayor Wayne Hidalgo, Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn, Merriam Mayor Ken Sissom, Mission Mayor Steve Schowengerdt, Mission Hills Mayor Rick Boeshaar, Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland, Overland Park Mayor Carl Gerlach, Prairie Village Mayor Ron Shaffer, Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt, Westwood Mayor John Ye and Westwood Hills Mayor Paula Schwach.
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter #KansasCommonSense. This week's edition includes stories about the latest VA Inspector General Report, touring NBAF, a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Colby, the upcoming internship application deadline, and more.
Yesterday, I visited Wear Technology in McPherson, Kansas. As the leading manufacturer of parallel and twin screws in North America, Wear Technology’s 125 employees design and produce a high-quality product for more than 240 customers including Andersen Windows, Crestline Windows, North American Pipe, Qaunex Building Products and Thomas Conveyor. Wear Technology has been based in McPherson since 1986.  Here, I'm pictured with Chief Engineer Dave Thiessen, Customer Service Manager Bart Regier, McPherson Mayor Tom Brown and State Senator-Elect Rick Wilborn. Thanks to Mike Ruddle  and Loni Troxell for the informative visit. (Photo courtsey of Jim Griggs.)
This afternoon I traveled to Canton, Kansas, to learn more about Mid Kansas Cooperative (MKC)—a full-service farm cooperative that's been serving Kansas producers since 1965. I toured MKC's new Canton elevator, and we discussed the importance of the its proximity to McPherson. MKC works to improve profitability and provide marketing options for farmers. Thanks to MKC Senior Vice President/CMO Dave Spears for hosting my tour.
Thanks to the 50 Rotarians who turned out for lunch and a good conversation today in Emporia. We discussed the need for leadership from President Obama regarding conflicts in the Middle East, education, Startup Act 3.0, health care and Kansas' military bases. It was great to have Kansas State Representative Don Hill, Kansas State Senator Jeff Longbine and Emporia State President Michael Shonrock in attendance. Above, I'm pictured with Emporians Sam Purohit and Julia Pyle.
I enjoyed visiting with KVOE 1400 AM, Country 101.7 FM, Mix 104.9 FM and KVOE.com's Chuck Samples before I gave remarks at Emporia Rotary Club. Click the link below to hear me discuss a number issues including the Reading Post Office, my visit with Emporia State University President Michael Shonrock and changes at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
It was great to catch up with Emporia State University President Michael Shonrock prior to giving remarks at Rotary Club.
Robba and I had the chance to visit with U.S. Rep. Kevin Yoder in Louisburg today. Thanks again to Colby Jones for driving Robba and me in the Labor Day parade, and to Ted Halpin for the loan of his classic Oldsmobile convertible for this event. I hope Kansans are all having an enjoyable Labor Day.
I have always been proud that Kansans know the value of a hard day’s work and appreciate the prosperity our state gains from that work ethic. Several communities across the state are celebrating Labor Day today with parades, including Louisburg, where Robba and I spent the morning. Here's a photo of the Color Guard that led off the parade, members of the local American Legion. It was great to see folks and listen to what the residents had on their minds.
It was a pleasure to be on Kansas State University's campus today to learn about some of the projects funded through the National Institutes of Health (NIH). In the bottom right photo, I'm pictured with K-State Ph.D. Student Tori Davidson of Alta Vista. In the photo on the bottom left, I'm pictured with K-State's new Vice President for Research Dr. Karen Burg and Act for NIH President Pat White. In the top photo, I'm pictured with K-State Undergraduate Student Cody Simmons of Leonardville and Dr. Rollie Clem.
Visiting the future site of NBAF today with Under Secretary Brothers not only gave us a chance to get an update on construction – it also let us see firsthand the real opportunities being created for the talented young men and women of Kansas. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I was committed to making certain NBAF remained a top priority, and there is no longer any question about the project’s future. Kansas will become a research epicenter, and the construction of this modern, world-class facility will ultimately create jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology. NBAF will create up to 1,500 construction jobs and 450 permanent jobs, and will generate an estimated economic impact of $3.5 billion in its first 20 years.
This morning I toured the Central Utility Plant and the future home of National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) with the DHS Science and Technology Under Secretary Dr. Reginald Brothers and other members of the Kansas Congressional Delegation. I am grateful Under Secretary Brothers accepted our invitation to visit Kansas along with other important officials and get and update on the current status of construction. Developing these relationships is vitally important to our state as such an essential part of our national security apparatus moves forward.
The latest findings by the VA inspector general simply confirm what we have known all along – systemic dysfunction and lack of leadership at the VA caused harm to our nation’s veterans. Along with the IG report, the VA released new statistics about the change in direction of the VA; unfortunately this information raises more questions than it answers, and makes is clear that the failures were preventable. You can read my full statement at the link below.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today in Thomas County with a visit to the Kiwanis Club meeting open to the public at the Colby Community College Student Union. It was good to see so many local residents come by to have a conversation, including Kansas Sen. Ralph Ostmeyer and Former-U.S. Sen. Shelia Frahm. The conversation focused on concern over overreach by the federal government including the EPA with the Clean Water Act and the UFWS with the lesser prairie chicken. We also discussed President Obama’s attempts to legislate from the oval office and the importance of keeping rural America alive and flourishing. Thanks again to Colby Community College for letting us use their campus for the conversation and to the Kiwanis Club for hosting me.
On my way to Colby today, I stopped in the community of Goodland and visited with folks at City Hall, Black Hills Energy, Sherman County Courthouse, Goodland Regional Medical Center, The Goodland Star News, and Cure & Bain, PC. I also stopped into the Butterfly Café and visited with the coffee crowd. They shared lots of concerns with me and I appreciate the conversations. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas Common Sense.
This week in my Kansas Common Sense newsletter: Service academy nomination information, photos from the Olathe Rotary Club and Lenexa Chamber of Commerce meetings, reports from my town hall meetings in Franklin, Douglas and Miami Counties, and getting to know new the Baker University President.
The view from Voda Road.
Today I had the opportunity to speak at the graduation ceremony for the Flint Hills Job Corps. Job Corps is a critical component of our nation’s workforce development system, particularly for at-risk youth. Throughout the country, there are 125 Job Corps centers, but Flint Hills is the only center in Kansas. Their mission is to equip young people with the education and skills needed to be successful in life.   When I asked about this year’s class of graduates, I was impressed to learn that more than 90 percent of the class graduated this year and more than 90 percent acquired a job upon graduation. This demonstrates these students are hard working and committed to making the most out of the opportunities before them. This year’s class also found time to give back to the community and spent more than 8,000 hours volunteering in service projects within Manhattan and across Kansas. Thanks to Center Director Gary Vesta and Academic Supervisor Mario Morales for inviting me to take part in the graduation ceremony.
I had the opportunity to tour Manko Window Systems today. Headquartered in The Little Apple, Manko produces commercial window systems, entrance doors, storefront systems and curtain wall systems and distributes them to consumers across the globe. Since their inception in 1989, Manko has grown from two employees to more than 400 spanning 28 states – 245 of those employees based in Manhattan. It was exciting to see this successful business in action. Thanks to Steve Jones and Gary Jones for the informative and enjoyable tour.
It was an honor to speak to the Agricultural Business Council of Kansas City yesterday. I discussed the lesser prairie chicken threatened species listing, EPA water regulations, and the need for producers, agriculture leaders and elected officials from rural states to educate legislators and folks from urban areas about the importance of modern agriculture. One of my top priorities in the Senate is working to preserve the rural way of life in Kansas. Thanks to Agricultural Business Council of Kansas City Executive Director Bob Peterson for the opportunity to speak.
This week, I attended the Olathe Noon Rotary Club held at the new Olathe Community Center. Four members of the club spoke about the importance of Rotary and its impact on individuals in their community. I appreciated hearing from from Cindy VonFeldt, Olathe Public Schools Foundation; Jerry Moore, Grass Pad; Jason Heard, Frank Ancona Honda; and Vernon Avant, Insperity. I am proud to be a fellow Rotarian and appreciate the good work the Olathe Rotary club does for their community. Thank you to Olathe Rotary Club President Geoff Neufeld  for his hospitality and Olathe Rotary Speaker Chair Jason Armstrong for coordinating my visit.
Congrats to Great Bend native and Kansas State University voice professor Dr. Bryan Pinkall for his Emmy win last Saturday as an artistic manager and director of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympic Opening Ceremony.   Dr. Pinkall traveled to Los Angeles to attend the Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards Ceremony for his involvement in the nominated production. Bryan was selected to join the group tasked with the production of the opening ceremony early last year. After months of planning, Pinkall traveled to Sochi, Russia, in January to organize and manage music and artistic components of the event. With a cast of thousands, the ceremony was seen by more than three billion people worldwide, according to the International Olympic Committee.
My listening tour across the state continued in Baldwin City today. Area residents shared concerns about living within our means, health care, Senate rules and federal regulations. Thanks to the folks who came out and shared a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Last night, I enjoyed a spirited discussion with Paola area residents at my Miami County Listening Tour stop. Our conversation touched on a broad array of challenging topics, and I appreciated the folks who came out to share thoughts and concerns. Some of the topics I heard feedback on were economic development, renewable energy and the tax code. Here, I'm pictured with Dave Green and USD368 Superintendent Judy Welter. Thanks to the Paola Chamber of Commerce for hosting the event.
It was great to kick off the day with more than 40 Ottawa residents at my Franklin County Town Hall Meeting. We discussed a number of issues facing Kansas and the nation including regulatory relief for small business, EPA regulated waters, health care through the VA and the Department of Transportation. Thanks to the folks who came out this morning including former Kansas State Rep. George Wingert.
I had the pleasure of meeting a good Samaritan, Lacey Deardoff of Overland Park, when I attended the ribbon cutting for Overland Park Regional Medical Center (OPRMC) yesterday. In May, Lacey stopped to help another motorist who had an accident on the highway. Unfortunately, she was hit by a car and was taken to the OPRMC Emergency Room. The good news is she was able to return to OPRMC yesterday to celebrate the new hospital expansion and meet the doctors and nurses who saved her life. I appreciated the opportunity to meet Lacey and her parents John and Jerri, as well as see the hospital expansion that will benefit other good Samaritans like Lacey. Happy birthday to Lacey who turns 25 today! 
After my town hall meeting in Paola last night, I enjoyed visiting with Reed Garrett who has had type 1 diabetes (T1D) for more than 50 years. His father, son, nephews and sister-in-laws have also been affected by T1D. T1D, also called juvenile diabetes, is usually diagnosed in young people, but it can affect adults as well. This type of diabetes results from the body’s inability to produce insulin to convert sugars and other foods into energy. His family is involved with JDRF (formerly known as the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) to raise funds for T1D research, with the hopes of finding better treatments and ultimately a cure for this disease. I appreciate Reed sharing his personal story with me, as well as the opportunity to learn more about how T1D affects the daily lives of individuals in Kansas and across the country.
Today I had the opportunity to meet with members of the Lenexa Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Legislative Affairs Committee and Economic Development Council to discuss issues facing their businesses and the community. We discussed funding for transportation and infrastructure, which is important to Lenexa with I-435 and I-35  running through the city. Additional issues discussed were budget and appropriations and potential cuts to military personnel at Ft. Leavenworth and Ft. Riley. I appreciate the comments and concerns expressed as chamber members represent 700 businesses and thousands of Lenexa employees. Thanks to Lenexa Chamber Vice President Ashley Sherard for the invitation to attend. (Here, I'm pictured with Meritex Enterprises' Lonnie Cannon and Chamber President Blake Shreck.)
At Taco John's in Colby, I ran into Mr. And Mrs. Wright from Bird City. I've met the Wrights before, a few year back, and it was good to see them again.
When in Ashland, I ran into Bill Neier of the Stockgrowers State Bank. Bill is a volunteer firefighter and wanted to display a fire truck that Ashland’s Fire Department attained through military surplus. After the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) halted the transfer of surplus military equipment to local governments last month, the Kansas delegation sent a letter to the EPA and the U.S. Army TACOM requesting re-implementation of the use of military vehicles for rural fire departments. The EPA and Defense Logistics Agency reached an agreement to again allow states to acquire this equipment, which plays such a vital role in our rural communities.
On Friday morning, I was in WaKeeney to visit Trego County-Lemke Memorial Hospital, a 25-bed critical access hospital that provides inpatient, outpatient and emergency services. It was great to catch up with a number of friends during this visit, including Drs. Clark and Lang and nurses and staff from Plainville, Hays, Ellis, Stockton and WaKeeney. We discussed initiatives to recruit and retain health care providers to address medical workforce challenges in rural Kansas and the importance of critical access hospitals to our state’s health care delivery system. I appreciated having the opportunity to talk with acting hospital CEO Dave Augustine – thanks again for hosting me.
After visiting with folks in Ashland, I drove to Coldwater to hold another town hall at the Comanche County Court House. The discussion focused on the President’s executive powers and overreach, illegal immigration, and the overall future wellbeing of this country. Thanks to the Comanche County Clerk’s office and County Clerk Alice Smith for letting us use the venue. Pictured is Shirley Norton of Protection.
Here's another shot from my Kansas listening tour in Clark County yesterday at the Ranch House café. It was great to see so many local residents come by to have a conversation. The rural way of life dominated most of the discussion, which encompassed agriculture as well as access to health care, education and the VA. Thanks to Frank York for coordinating the town hall, and to Nina Glaser for letting us use the Ranch House for the conversation.
At my town hall meeting in Ashland today, the AHS Senior government students stopped by the Ranch House Restaurant to participate in the discussion with members of the community. Mr. Hoffhines (second from left), the new AHS Social Studies Teacher, did a great job preparing the AHS seniors for our meeting, and I was very impressed with their knowledge of the issues. Topics ranged from housing and health care, to education, veterans and rural Kansas issues. Thanks again for taking the time to visit and share your thoughts with me.
On my way to Clark County Town Hall in Ashland. Stopped to gawk at the menagerie of work by folk artist, M.T. Liggett near Mullinville.
The morning I stopped in the community of Kinsley and visited with folks at City Hall, the Post Office, the USDA Service Center, Edwards Co. Sentinel, County Extension, the Farm Bureau and Roenbaugh's. I also had the chance to stop into Kinsley Drug to say hello and enjoyed meeting the Kinsely Drug team. Pictured from left to right are Annie Cyphers, Max Sherard, Mickey Avery and Brad Eustance. Thank you for the hospitality.
Kansas sky on a summer night.  Photo by Rob Zima of Manhattan, KS.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense newsletter, I introduce new Senate legislation that calls for toxic exposure research, report on my visits to Kansas hospitals and share my conversations from Vietnam Veterans of America Conference in Wichita. It also includes a list of upcoming town hall meetings.
Dancing with my daughter Alex at her wedding.
Photo of the bride and groom - taken by a proud father of the bride. Congratulations to Cole and Alex Grieves.
I had a good conversation today with incoming Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure. Happy to hear his family is moving to KC & that Sprint will remain in Kansas.
At the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) National Leadership Conference yesterday I had a good visit with VVA National President John Rowan. I was glad to have the opportunity to discuss my legislation to address the painful, residual wounds of war that may impact a service member’s family long after the military operation is over. The Toxic Exposure Research Act is a necessary step toward making certain our military men and women and their descendants will be properly cared for in the future.
And the skies are not cloudy all day...
Yesterday, I was back in Wichita to speak to more than 500 Vietnam Veterans from across Kansas and throughout the nation who were in town for the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) National Leadership Conference. I recently introduced legislation that would would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions stemming from exposure to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from recent overseas conflicts. I will continue to work to make certain our veterans and their families receive the quality health care they deserve. Thanks to Larry MacIntire for arranging my visit and to Ron Zink of the Kansas State VVA Council for the kind introduction. I encourage you to watch the KSN TV news story below that shares Larry's story.
I had breakfast this morning in Manhattan with K-State Athletic Director John Currie. At the table next to us were the important folks — Fort Riley's Lt. Col. Timothy Blackwell and the 2nd Battalion, 32nd Field Artillery Regiment.
This week, I met with a number of Kansas hospital administrators at Wamego Health Center for a roundtable discussion. Our conversation touched on a variety of topics including the future of Critical Access Hospitals, Obamacare implementation, Medicare reimbursements, and regulations that make hospital administrative costs unreasonably high. Thanks to Wamego Health Center CEO Shannan Flach for hosting this meeting, and to Chad Austin with the Kansas Hospital Association for coordinating the event. Also, thanks to the hospital administrators who traveled from across the state to Wamego to participate in our discussion.
I traveled to Harvey County today to visit and tour Newton Medical Center (NMC). NMC is a 103-bed acute care hospital providing comprehensive health care services to residents of Harvey County and the surrounding area. In May, NMC announced that its patients now had access to the latest CT scan technology with the acquisition of a new CT scan system that works to minimize patients’ exposure to radiation during the scan. I appreciated Dr. Kent Bradley (pictured with me here) taking time to visit with me about physician recruitment and retention, importance of primary care, and federal regulatory burdens. Thanks to NMC CEO Steven Kelly for hosting my visit.
Yesterday I visited Wamego Health Center & Wamego Family Clinic (WHC), an 18-bed Critical Access Hospital (CAH). During my visit, we visited about concerns regarding Obama Administration proposals that would cut reimbursements to CAHs and eliminate hospitals from the CAH program. Whether Kansans may remain in the communities they call home, and whether their children will return to raise families of their own is dependent upon access to quality health care. When federal policies fail to take into account the realities of providing care in rural communities, we risk losing access to important health care services provided by Kansas hospitals and other health care providers. Thanks to WHC CEO Shannan Flach for hosting my visit.
I kicked off yesterday's tour of Salina Regional Health Center (SRHC) with an incredible view of the city from the hospital roof's helipad. The helipad is used about 200 times a year to transfer patients to and from Salina Regional. Here, I'm pictured with SRHC Executive Director of Governmental and Public Relations Tom Bell.
I was in Salina this morning to visit with administrators and staff at Salina Regional Health Center (SRHC). SRHC is a 198-bed acute care hospital that provides comprehensive health care services to residents of Salina and Saline County. I always appreciate the opportunity to visit with health care providers in Kansas to learn more about the challenges they face in delivering quality health care services to patients. During the visit, we discussed the importance of having quality employees in the emergency unit, recruiting specialty employees, and ObamaCare in terms of their ability to stay competitive in the region. Thanks to SRHC CEO Mike Terry and Executive Director of Governmental and Public Relations Tom Bell for hosting my visit.
I hosted a Kansas Listening Tour Stop in Sumner County yesterday at the Wellington Public Library. I appreciate the area residents who attended and shared their thoughts on the future of our country, survival of rural communities, agriculture, EPA regulations, dysfunction in the U.S. Senate, health care and VA reform. Thanks to Wellington Chamber of Commerce President Shelley Hansel for coordinating my visit. Thanks also to Sumner County Commissioner Jim Newell for attending.
Yesterday, I gave remarks at the Wichita Independent Business Association (WIBA) Luncheon. There were more than 100 individuals in attendance and I shared that what I hear most often from Kansans is concern about the future of our kids and grandkids. Unfortunately since I've been in the Senate, President Obama and Senate Democrats have done nothing to advance economic growth and create jobs. Thanks to WIBA Board Chair Joe Johnson and President Tim Witsman for the kind introduction. Here, I'm pictured visiting with former Kansas Department of Commerce Secretary Harland Prindle and John Prather of Groendyke Transport. (photo by Amour Photography of Wichita)
Today, I had an informative tour of the Pepsi bottling plant in Wichita. The facility has 2,200 customers within a 90 mile radius including grocery stores, convenience stores and third party vendors. On numerous occasions, this bottling plant has won the President's Award which recognizes the highest quality producer of Aquafina water of any PepsiCo facility in the nation. During my visit, we also discussed the labeling of genetically-modified organisms. Thanks to Wichita Pepsi Plant Director Tom Dewaelsche, Pepsi Regional Sales Director Elizabeth Earl and their management team for coordinating my visit.
I am distressed to learn Alan Gross is losing hope for his release from a Cuban jail as his health continues to deteriorate. For nearly five years, Mr. Gross has been unjustly detained by the Castro regime, and his suffering – and that of his family – has lasted five years too long. The situation is dire, and I implore the Obama Administration to exercise every diplomatic and economic tool available to bring Mr. Gross home immediately. 
It's primary day in our state, and I encourage Kansans to visit the polls. As Americans, we have the opportunity to elect the individuals who represent us at the local, state and national level. By exercising your right to vote, you can help make certain the next generation has the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. This morning, I voted at Westview Community Church in Manhattan.
I encourage you to read my weekly newsletter, #KansasCommonSense. This week includes stories about the Senate and House-passed VA reform legislation, touring A&E Custom Manufacturing in Kansas City, encouraging President Obama to listen to Kansas businesses, introducing the Toxic Exposure Research Act and more.
I kicked off my day in Overland Park giving remarks to more than 250 Kansans at the Kansas Electric Cooperatives, Inc. Summer Meeting. I discussed a number of issues facing our state including the impact the lesser prairie chicken is having on rural electric cooperatives, frustrations with the state of politics in Washington, D.C., as well as the importance of preserving our values for the next generation. Thanks to Kansas Electric Cooperatives CEO Bruce Graham for the invitation to speak.
I encourage you to read this news story about one of my recent Kansas Listening Tour stops in the other Washington — Washington, Kansas. This piece, written by Washington County News' Dan Thalmann, highlights some of my frustrations with the state of politics, as well as touches on issues Washington County residents brought up during the town hall meeting. http://www.backroadsnews.com
I received a moving note from Shelly Clark Epps recently, who traveled with her father to Washington, D.C. as part of the June 26, 2014, Heartland Honor Flight. Shelly and her father Daryl Clark – a Korean War Veteran – had the opportunity to visit the Korean War Memorial and it was a very meaningful moment in their relationship. Veterans like Daryl Clark represent the best of America – a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is because these veterans answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we have today.
At the 68th annual Tipton Picnic last night I ran into children of Harry and Phyllis Schmitt, who grew up on the Harry Schmitt Farm just south of Tipton. I have fond memories of visiting the Schmitt family farm as part of the 2006 Partners in Conservation Tour along with the Chair of the House Ag Committee. Pictured are Travis and Kathy Schwerdtfager of Lincoln, Don and Mary Read of Winfield, Col. Bob and Sandy Law of Ft. Riley, and Becky Schmitt  of Tipton.
This evening I attended the 68th annual Tipton Picnic and Alumni & Friends Celebration at the St. Boniface Parish in Tipton and had a great time visiting with members of the community and enjoying the fried chicken dinner. This is a top-notch community event with all proceeds going to support Tipton Catholic High School. Thanks again to Father Damian Richards for extending the invitation.
Today I traveled to the northwest part of the state for the Kansas Biggest Rodeo Parade through downtown Phillipsburg. I had a great time visiting with folks from Phillips County, as well as those who came in for the event. Thanks to Denis Miller for inviting me to attend, and to Tad Felts for allowing me to continue the tradition of joining him during his parade broadcast. After the parade, I stopped by Doyle and Charlotte Rahjes' farmhouse near Agra. The Rahjes' are long-time friends of Robba and mine, and Doyle is a former Kansas Farm Bureau President. Good to visit about rain, farming, grandkids and politics.
The talk of Hays yesterday was the launch of SkyWest passenger service between Hays Regional Airport and Denver, Colorado. Access to reliable, local air service is critical for the economic development of communities like Hays, Kansas. This is a very exciting time as the community also looks forward to the groundbreaking ceremony for the terminal expansion this coming Tuesday.
Today both chambers of Congress passed with overwhelming majorities legislation in support of the "Iron Dome" missile-defense system. This will allow for continued operation of joint-efforts between the United States and Israel that have produced critical and life-saving defense technology. In recent weeks, the Iron Dome system has intercepted many of the thousands of rockets fired from Gaza into Israel.
Tonight, the Senate overwhelmingly (91 to 3) passed the compromise struck between the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives on legislation to overhaul access to veterans’ health care – the Veterans Access to Care Act. This legislation is another important step toward ensuring veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable wait times at VA facilities by giving certain veterans the option of seeing their local physician. Our nation’s veterans should be treated like patriots, deserving of care from a grateful nation – not made to feel like a burden. I will not rest until Kansas veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice. The legislation will now head to the President’s desk for his signature.  
I encourage you to read Marysville Advocate's take on my visit to TravAlong Trailers' manufacturing plant in Waterville last week.
This week, I met with Big 12 Conference Commissioner Bob Bowlsby to discuss proposals to guide and oversee collegiate athletics. In its 19th year, the Big 12 is one of the premier athletic conferences in the nation. The University of Kansas and Kansas State University were founding members of the conference in 1996-97. I appreciate Commissioner Bowlsby coming by for a visit during his time in Washington.
Tonight the Senate passed a resolution (S. Res. 526) in support of Israel's right to defend itself against Hamas. I recently spoke on the Senate floor about this ongoing conflict and what it will take to bring it to an end.
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly newsletter. Stories this week include — VA reform legislation, visiting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, discussing Kansas priorities with HHS Secretary Burwell and more.
I encourage you to tune in to KNSS Radio at 8:10 a.m. CT. I'll be visiting with Steve and Ted and providing an update on the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Incredible photo of the Kansas night sky taken last night near Manhattan.  http://www.reddit.com/r/Astronomy/comments/2bxac1/central_kansas_skies/
It is great to welcome Air Force Reservists from the 931st Air Refueling Group at McConnell Air Force Base home from a 60-day deployment to Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar. Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
Before returning to Washington, D.C. today, I visited A&E Custom Manufacturing in Kansas City, Kansas — a company that specializes in high-end fabrication and metal stamping. Through A&E’s partnership with  KCK Community College, they maintain a skilled and educated workforce to compete in the global economy. A&E is an example of a successful Kansas company that creates manufacturing jobs here in America. I will continue to work to create a favorable environment where businesses like A&E may grow and thrive. Here, I am pictured with owner Steve Hasty.
Happy 30th anniversary to my wife Robba. She dug up an oldie but a goodie for the occasion.
It was announced today that an agreement has been struck between the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House on legislation to overhaul access to veterans’ health care.T he compromise reached will provide Kansas veterans with greater access, choice and flexibility in health care providers and increase accountability and transparency at the VA. am pleased Congress did not walk away from this issue and I look forward to supporting this compromise. This legislation is another important step toward ensuring veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable wait times at VA facilities by giving certain veterans the option of seeing their local physician. Our nation’s veterans should be treated like patriots, deserving of care from a grateful nation – not made to feel like a burden. I will not rest until Kansas veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
Kicked off my weekend in Westmoreland this morning. Pottawatomie County residents attended and shared feedback on issues facing Kansas and the nation including EPA regulations, the lack of "regular order" in the Senate, the budget, immigration, and the need to pass VA reform legislation. The issues I focus on and the work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall meetings.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today with a stop in the other Washington — Washington, Kansas. Thanks to the nearly 20 area residents who attended and shared feedback on critical issues facing Kansas and the nation including overregulation, the lesser prairie chicken listing, the federal budget, importance of Ft. Riley and maintaining a strong military. I also appreciate the folks at First National Bank who hosted the meeting.
This morning, I had the opportunity to tour TravAlong Trailers in Waterville. TravAlong Trailers has more than 60 employees in Waterville and Manhattan who will produce around 800 steel and aluminum trailers for construction and agribusinesses this year. It’s always exciting to see Kansas businesses thriving, and at times catching the spotlight. Recently TravAlong participated in the upcoming Discovery Channel 2015 TV Series "How it’s made." Thanks to Tom Grieshaber and Buzz Harris for the informative and enjoyable tour.
Congrats to the Fort Leavenworth School District—USD 207—for being named among the best school districts in the nation. This recognition is a testament to the hard work of students, faculty and staff.
I enjoyed visiting Heartland Community Health Center in Lawrence this week. Heartland focuses on providing comprehensive health services through an integrated care model to residents of Douglas, Jefferson, Franklin, Leavenworth and Osage counties. I have supported community health centers throughout my time in Congress because they help underserved patients by providing a wide range of preventive and primary care services in their own communities. Community health centers also lower health care costs by reducing expensive emergency room visits and promoting disease prevention and wellness. I always appreciate the opportunity to meet with Kansas health care providers to gain insight on the unique challenges they face caring for patients. Thanks to Heartland CEO Jon Stewart and Communications Coordinator Sean Hatch for hosting my visit.
Enjoyed stopping for lunch at one of my all-time favorites — Our Daily Bread on Main Street.
I am proud to sponsor the Electronic Communications Privacy Act Amendments Act (S.607), bipartisan legislation to protect the privacy of American citizens online by updating the privacy protections for electronic communications stored by third-party service providers – including email and social media services. The importance of updating the privacy protections was recently underscored by an IRS claim that American Internet users “do not have a reasonable expectation of privacy” when it comes to their emails being accessed by the government. Americans rightfully expect their private communications to be protected from intrusion, especially by government bureaucrats. S. 607 will affirm Americans’ right to privacy and help bring this 1980s law into the 21st Century.
Yesterday, I met with United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell to discuss health care topics important to Kansans. As I travel across the state visiting with patients, hospital administrators, doctors and other health care providers, almost every discussion involves concerns with the burdens Washington policies place on our providers as they work to care for Kansans. Kansans are strongly opposed to the Obama Administration’s proposals to cut reimbursements to Critical Access Hospitals and eliminate hospitals from this essential rural health program. I explained to Secretary Burwell how the Administration’s policies would jeopardize the survival of many rural hospitals and endanger access to health care in our own communities. I appreciate the Secretary’s willingness to meet with me, and I look forward to a renewed dialogue with her and her team on a range of health care topics important to our state.
Robba and I were upset to hear about the fire that destroyed Abilene's Great Plains Theatre tonight where we had enjoyed a number of performances. The fire is a real loss for a great Kansas community.
This afternoon, I called on the Senate to not recess in August until a conference committee report on the Veterans Choice Act of 2014 is finalized. Yesterday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid predicted that the conference committee would fail to come to a compromise. We should not let that happen. While it’s been easy to criticize the VA for their failure to our veterans, if we don’t reach a conclusion on this legislation, the United States Senate is deserving of that same condemnation. 
In case you missed it, click the link below watch my interview today with Gretchen Carlson about the need for the Senate and House to come together and pass the Veterans Bill before August recess.
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly newsletter. Stories this week include — broken VA must work to restore trust, signaling support for the VA Secretary nominee, sending the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act to the White House, and more.
At 1 p.m. CT today, I'll visit with Gretchen Carlson on Fox News about what I plan to ask the nominee for Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Bob McDonald, at his Senate hearing today. I believe the VA bureaucracy must be reformed, and look forward to hearing how Mr. McDonald will take on the many challenges that lie ahead. I will also discuss the tragedy in the Ukraine of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 and next steps toward finding answers. Please tune in.
Happy 91st Birthday to U.S. Senator Bob Dole, a true Kansan and statesman. We are forever indebted to Senator Dole for his service on behalf of Kansans and Americans.
Yesterday, I visited the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), our nation’s health protection agency, to learn more about how CDC works to safeguard the United States from health, safety and security threats. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, which has funding jurisdiction over CDC, it is important for me to understand how the agency allocates its scientific expertise, tools and resources to promote health, prevent disease, and prepare for new health threats.   We toured the Emergency Operations Center (EOC), Influenza Lab, and visited about how Kansas utilizes CDC support to bolster vaccine immunization coverage. We also discussed CDC’s plans to strengthen oversight of government laboratories handling dangerous microbes in the wake of several disturbing safety lapses recently. Thanks to CDC Director Dr. Frieden and his team for their hospitality and their commitment to keeping our country safe and healthy.
Today former US Army Staff Sgt. Ryan Pitts was awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic 2008 actions in Afghanistan. 
This afternoon US Army Staff Sgt. Ryan J. Pitts (ret.) will be awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions in 2008 Afghanistan. 
It was great to give remarks at a Kansas Optometric Association meeting this morning at the K-State Alumni Center. I spoke about the importance of getting involved in your community and recruiting and retaining health care providers in rural America. We also had a discussion about Obamacare and the economy, as well as student loans and the cost of higher education. Thanks to Kansas Optometric Association's Dr. Todd Fleischer for the invitation to speak.
Today I spoke at a meeting with about 40 Manhattan-area veterans. We discussed the importance of access to health care for vets in rural communities, the Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Nominee Bob McDonald, the shortage of physicians and medical staff in rural communities, and the claims and appeals process. I will continue to work to make certain veterans receive the best quality care from an agency that is worthy of their service.
How are you spending your Friday night? I'm back in Hays for the Ellis County Fair. I stopped by the 4-H Livestock Sale and then visited with the Walters family. Here, I'm pictured with Nate, his parents Marty and Anita, and his siblings Joe and Katy. Nate is a member of the Buckeye Junior Farmers 4-H Club and was awarded Grand Champion for his arts and crafts project, "Suit of Armour."
I enjoyed attending the ribbon cutting for Referral Hawks Networking Northeast KS along with the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce. Referral Hawks is a nonprofit networking association that works with high character individuals by emphasizing friendship, business coaching, education and motivation. Organizations like Referral Hawks are crucial to making certain communities remain strong across Kansas and the nation. Here, I'm pictured with Lawrence Chamber President Larry McElwain and Lawrence Board of Realtors President Susan Bonham.
This week, Congress passed commonsense legislation and sent the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act — legislation I introduced with Senator Angus King of Maine — to the White House for President Obama’s signature. The bill would allow veterinarians to carry and dispense controlled substances to protect the health and welfare of the nation’s animals, ensure public safety, and safeguard the nation’s food supply. It makes certain licensed practitioners are equipped with the tools they need. It is particularly important for veterinarians who work in rural areas, conduct research or respond to emergency situations.
This afternoon, I had the opportunity to meet with the nominee for Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Mr. Bob McDonald. I was impressed by his candor, sincerity and commitment to serving our nation’s veterans. Mr. McDonald shares my dedication to seeing that veterans receive the best quality care they deserve from an agency that is worthy of their service, and I plan to support his nomination. The VA bureaucracy must be dismantled, and Mr. McDonald is focused and ready to take on the many challenges that lie ahead. I look forward to working with Mr. McDonald when he is confirmed as the new VA Secretary.
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly newsletter. Stories this week include the urgent child migrant crisis, changes to the E-Rate Program, ensuring rural fire departments have resources needed to protect local communities, working to protect producers from consequences of lesser prairie chicken listing, and more.
Today the University of Kansas Hospital announced it was ranked by U.S. News and World Report on their annual “Best Hospitals” list for 2014-15. Twelve of KU's programs are in the top 50 of their kind in the country, and it's the first time any Kansas City-area hospital has ever been ranked in all 12 areas. The rankings are based on data, patient safety, structure and reputation. I applaud the physicians, nurses and staff who continue to provide outstanding care for patients in Kansas and throughout the region.
Great to hear about members of the McConnell Air Force Base aircrew who were awarded the Air Mobility Commands’s 2013 Gen. James H. Doolittle Trophy. The award recognizes Air Mobility Command aircrews who epitomize the qualities possessed by Gen. Doolittle — valor and leadership. Gen. Doolittle was an aviation pioneer who served during World War II. He earned the Medal of Honor as commander of the Doolittle Raid.
I encourage Kansas high school students to apply for the United States Senate Youth Program. The program is a week-long government and leadership educational experience in Washington, D.C. The application deadline for Kansas students is October 10, 2014.
It was great to welcome Kansans with the Sunflower Foundation to Washington, D.C., this week to discuss issues related to the health of folks in our state. The Sunflower Foundation works to improve the health of Kansas communities by focusing its resources on promoting healthy living and access to health care.
This morning the Kansas delegation urged the FCC to delay today's vote on E-Rate proposal. The FCC plan falls short of providing all students opportunity to 21st Century education. The E-Rate program – which is meant to close the digital divide – is actually making it worse for rural schools. We need commonsense reforms, including simplifying the application process and providing certainty to schools, which could fix that.
It was great to welcome One Voice Against Cancer (OVAC) to our nation's capital this week to discuss support for cancer research and prevention screening initiatives. OVAC is a coalition of health care stakeholder groups representing millions of cancer researchers, patients, survivors and their families throughout the nation. Thanks to Leesa Gabel of Olathe, James Hamilton of Topeka, Jim Miksch of Prairie Village and Molly Johnson of Wichita for coming to discuss such an important issue that affects so many Kansans.
Wheat harvest is a special time of year in Kansas. It is a time when families and communities come together for a common purpose. Even through difficult times like the current drought, Kansas farmers work year-round to feed and clothe Kansans, people across the country and individuals around the globe. This video captures Kansas farmers' long, hard days and features a poem entitled “Wheat Harvest,” by Marjorie Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thanks to all farmers and farm families who are making this year’s harvest safe and productive.
Today, Senator Roberts joined me in introducing an amendment to the Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2014. The amendment would prohibit the U.S. Department of Agriculture and U.S. Department of the Interior from altering any land management practices based on the listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken as a threatened species.  As conservation efforts for the Lesser Prairie Chicken are considered, farmers and ranchers deserve the flexibility to implement plans that fit their operations. I am committed to making certain the measures implemented are based on sound science and common sense, as well as represent the best interest of producers. We will continue to do what we can to resolve the problem and avoid thwarting industries vital to our state’s economy.
Yesterday, I joined my colleagues in the Kansas Congressional Delegation in calling for a commonsense solution to make certain rural fire departments in Kansas and across the country continue to have access to excess federal property including trucks, generators, pumps and engine parts. Today, I received word from the Defense Logistics Agency that "the restriction on the release of equipment including military trucks has been rescinded." This decision will let Kansas fire departments continue to utilize excess equipment to save lives and protect property.
Today I welcomed Chapman High School FFA to our nation’s capital. They were an engaging group, and I enjoyed answering their questions about important issues facing Kansas and the country. We discussed business currently before the U.S. Senate, EPA regulations and higher education. Often, there is a disconnect between rural America and the rest of the world. We need to continue to educate consumers on where their food, fuel and fiber come from and the process in which it is grown. I applaud National FFA Organization's efforts to make certain rural values are preserved for the next generation of American farmers and ranchers.
I encourage you to read #KansasCommonSense, my weekly enewsletter – celebrating Independence Day, Kansas Listening Tour continues in Chase, Norton and Dickinson Counties, troubling problems with Obamacare Exchanges, McConnell Air Force Base KC-46A Groundbreaking and more.
This morning before heading back to Washington, I hosted another town hall meeting in Dickinson County at the Chapman Senior Center. More than 20 elected officials, veterans and community members from Abilene, Maple Hill, Gypsum and around the area traveled to Chapman to discuss a number of issues facing Kansas and the country. Our conversation centered around water regulation, the Lesser Prairie Chicken, veterans' affairs, IRS, Ft. Riley, immigration and Obamacare. It was good to hear the community is growing. Thanks to Thelma Lexow for helping to coordinate the meeting.
Hope everyone has had a wonderful July 4th. Our daughter Kelsey  is on the National Mall as part of the crowd of Americans celebrating our country's birth. Thanks for the opportunity to work in our nation's capital on your behalf. Our responsibility as citizens is to preserve our Constitutional freedoms and to keep the American Dream alive for this generation and for future generations. God bless America.
Robba and I also stopped in Wamego for their 143rd Annual Independence Day Parade – one of the largest in the state. The theme this year was “Long May She Wave – Beautiful & Brave.” I appreciated the opportunity to see so many patriotic Kansans come out to celebrate our nation’s independence and the freedoms we enjoy as Americans.
Robba and I had the pleasure of kicking off our Independence Day by participating in the Sundown Salute Parade in Junction City. The Sundown Salute is the largest, free Independence Day celebration in Kansas thanks to the generosity of many folks from across the state. It was great to visit with Kansans and veterans who came out to enjoy the festivities.
Independence Day is a special holiday – a time when we come together as Americans to celebrate our nation’s founding with parades, fireworks and barbecues. While celebrating this year with your family and community, take a moment to remember the sacrifices our veterans and current members of the Armed Forces have made to defend the freedoms enshrined in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. It is because of these sacrifices that America is still the land of opportunity and the greatest nation on Earth.
Today I hosted another Kansas Listening Tour stop at Norton County Hospital. Nearly 40 area residents joined me to share feedback on a number of issues facing our country including VA, immigration and overregulation. Thanks to Norton County Hospital CEO Rich Miller for helping to coordinate the meeting.
Today, the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) stepped down. I have repeatedly called for the release of OMI reports on their investigations into wrongdoing at VA facilities. The fact is, many of the same VA facilities and cases receiving attention have already been investigated and the claims have been substantiated in years past – yet we do not know what action has been taken because the OMI reports are not made public. The release of past and future OMI reports will allow Americans, the press, Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when they knew it and what they did about it.
Here's a The Pratt Tribune article on my efforts to make certain veterans taking part in the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program don't have a lapse in health care.  The ARCH pilot program has been operating since 2011 at five rural pilot sites, including Pratt, Kansas, and allows veterans to access health care services from community providers if they reside at least one hour from a VA medical center or Community Based Outpatient Clinic. Despite the overwhelming satisfaction of veterans who utilize ARCH, the VHA has begun shutting down the program, restricting veterans from the services they have come to rely upon and directing them back to VA facilities. I am seeking Secretary Gibson’s leadership to stop VHA’s plans to dismantle ARCH and make certain that veterans who are currently receiving medical services through ARCH will continue to receive that care.
Last night was a Norman Rockwell kind of evening in Clay Center — I’ve been joining neighbors, friends and community leaders for many years to celebrate Independence Day on North 5th Street. Each year the celebration also includes a grand march around the block. Thanks to Judge Ruth Brown for the invitation, and to Vern and Susie Swanson for hosting.
I traveled to Clay Center yesterday to visit and tour the Clay County Medical Center (CCMC). CCMC is a Critical Access Hospital (CAH) that provides a broad range of health care services to patients in Clay County and the surrounding area. CCMC also sponsors a Medicare-licensed hospice program called Meadowlark Hospice.   My discussion with CCMC administrators and staff covered various topics including unreasonable physician supervision regulations threatening hospitals’ ability to provide routine outpatient therapy services to patients, and the Administration’s proposals to cut Medicare reimbursements to CAHs and eliminate Kansas hospitals from the CAH program. When federal policies fail to take into account the realities of providing care in rural communities, we risk losing access to important health care services provided by Kansas hospitals and other health care providers. I will continue to advocate for regulatory flexibility for rural hospitals and other health providers to deliver the care that is essential to Kansas communities. Thanks to CCMC Director of Planning and Development Marcia Newell for hosting my visit.
Today, I wrote to Acting VA Secretary Gibson following our phone conversation on June 27, 2014, to reaffirm his verbal commitment that veterans will continue to receive their medical services accessed through the successful program - Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH). The correspondence this week is one of several recent efforts interacting with the VA to make certain veterans receiving care through ARCH will not experience a lapse in access to that care. You can read more below.
I joined Topeka business leaders and Senator Roberts today at a luncheon with the Greater Topeka Chamber of Commerce/GO Topeka. We had a productive conversation about a number of issues facing Topeka, our state and the country including Iraq, overregulation, education, immigration and the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility. Thanks to Payless ShoeSource's Curtis Sneden for helping to coordinate the event.
It was an honor to speak today at the investiture of Daniel Crabtree as Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Kansas. I congratulated Dan on this well deserved honor. He is a man of integrity, humility, and compassion and based on those characteristics I supported his Senate confirmation this spring. Thank you to Judge Crabtree and his wife Maureen Mahoney for the invitation to participate in this special day.
On Sunday, Hays-native Daniel Johnson passed away. A farmer, veteran and representative for the 110th District, he will be remembered for his work ethic and commitment to improving his community and our state. Dan was independent in thought and firm in his conviction, and I am honored to have called him a friend. I send my deepest sympathies his wife Gwen, and ask all Kansans to join me in keeping the Johnsons in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Today, the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services released reports finding the administration was unable to resolve 2.6 million Obamacare sign-up "inconsistencies" out of a total of 2.9 million from October through December, 2013. Most of the problems dealt with citizenship and income information supplied by consumers that conflicted with what the federal government had on record.  Once again, we are provided further evidence that Obamacare is not working. In fact, the Administration is relying on nothing more than the honor system to run a billion dollar program. Without adequate safeguards or the ability to reconcile inconsistencies in income and citizenship, the Administration is wasting millions in American taxpayers’ dollars to provide subsidies to individuals who do not actually qualify. 
I look forward to visiting with Agri Talk's Mike Adams during the 10 a.m. CT hour, and encourage you to tune in. Click the link below to listen live.
I continued my Statewide Listening Tour this afternoon in Cottonwood Falls at the Chase County Courthouse. Thanks to the 20 residents who came out to share their thoughts and concerns with me on issues including the impact of bank overregulation on the housing market, grasslands burning and the EPA, job creation and communications needs in rural Kansas. It was good to visit with everyone, including Kansas Veteran's Home Superintendent Steve Dunkin, Dr. Leo Pauls of Emporia and Rick Wilborn of McPherson.
It was an honor to take part in McConnell Air Force Base's KC-46A Groundbreaking today in the Air Capital of the World. The event was to prepare for the arrival of the new refueling tankers at McConnell, and was a reminder that a strong national defense is critical to the security of the United States.  The upcoming arrival of the new KC-46A tanker fleet at McConnell will also translate into an economic boost for the community as each phase of preparation is completed. I am grateful the Air Force understands the value of air mobility assets in Kansas. I will continue to work with Air Force leadership to make certain the KC-46A delivery process runs as smoothly as possible. Thanks to Commander of Air Mobility Command Gen. Darren McDew for taking part in today's ceremony.
Since our nation’s earliest days, the U.S. Supreme Court has consistently affirmed our First Amendment right to exercise our religious beliefs freely. Today’s Supreme Court decision rightly rejects the federal government’s intrusion into an individual’s religious liberty. This ruling protects religious practice beyond places of worship without harm to others. I applaud the Supreme Court’s decision. 
Tomorrow, President Obama is expected to nominate Bob McDonald to become the next head of the Department of Veterans Affairs. I look forward to the opportunity to meet Mr. McDonald and discuss the ways he might change the VA's corrosive culture that currently treats veterans like a burden. During the confirmation process before the Senate VA Committee, I'll be eager to hear assurances of how the VA will restore the highest quality of care veterans deserve and create an agency that is worthy of their service.
On Friday, the long-awaited White House report on wrongdoing at the VA was released and it admitted what we've known all along: We need accountability and true reform within the VA all across the country. The White House is finally coming to terms with the reality of the systemic dysfunction at the VA and I am hopeful the damage control will now stop and the work to transform the VA will begin. I will continue to engage with VA leaders directly until this situation is resolved.
Great to visit with Kansans at my town hall meeting in Wabunsee County this morning. I then got to enjoy something they see every day — the beauty of the Flint Hills — as I hiked Deep Creek Road. Great people living in a great state. Kansas trumps Washington, D.C., every time.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour this morning in Wabaunsee County. Twenty-five area residents came out to discuss a variety of issues including EPA regulations, veterans issues, Senate rules and rural health care. Thanks to the folks at the Barnyard Café in Alta Vista for hosting us.   It was also great to stop by the Alta Vista Market on its grand opening day. As Kansans know, sometimes economic development in our communities depends on whether or not it has a grocery store.
Tonight, I had the pleasure of joining thousands of country music fans at Country Stampede. This annual, four-day music and camping festival attracts notable country music singers and is held at Tuttle Creek State Park. I enjoyed visiting with Kansans and listening to many talented performers. It was also a real honor to witness more than a dozen young men and women taking the U.S. Air Force Oath of Enlistment. I thanked them for their commitment to our country.    Thanks to Jeff and Marla Copper for arranging the details of my visit, and to all the event organizers for their hard work to ensure this year’s festival was a great success.
I was happy to greet a Kansas Honor Flight of veterans this week who came to Washington to visit the memorials built in their honor.  It is always inspiring to meet those willing to sacrifice so much for our country. These memorials serve as a testament to the courage of all those who are willing to put themselves in danger so that others may enjoy the freedoms we hold dear. I am thankful for the service of all of our veterans and appreciate the great sacrifices made by them.
Senator Roberts and I are demanding answers from President Obama regarding the release of five high-value prisoners from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. In a letter to the President, we also expressed concerns over the legality of the exchange, saying it violated provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). The law mandates a 30-day congressional notification requirement for detainees transferred from Guantanamo Bay to foreign countries. Read more below.
Former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker was a true statesman who dedicated his extraordinary life to serving our country. From the South Pacific in World War II and the Watergate trial, to his leadership of the U.S. Senate and the Reagan White House, Senator Baker was an iconic political figure and remarkable American. I am honored to have met him. I wish to send my deepest sympathies to Howard’s wife, former Kansas Senator Nancy Kassebaum. I ask all Kansans to join me in keeping Senator Baker’s family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously overturned President Obama’s unconstitutional “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012. I joined my Senate colleagues in filing an amicus brief in the case. The Obama Administration has a bad habit of sidestepping Congress and ignoring the Constitution when they find it politically convenient. This decision by the Supreme Court puts both the U.S. Constitution and best interests of Americans first.  
I commend the Supreme Court's upholding of free speech today in McCullen v. Coakley. The right to protest peacefully is vital to our democracy. There is no greater purpose than standing for life and the most vulnerable among us.
I enjoyed visiting with an engaging group of Salina high school students involved in the Xcel After-School Program through The City Teen Center today in Washington, D.C. The Xcel program pairs students and mentors five days a week and offers homework help, mentoring and fun. It also provides students with travel opportunities to visit colleges, area businesses and historical sites. Thanks to The City Executive Director Shawn Copeland for your efforts to build this great program for Salina teens.
Today, the Senate Homeland Security Subcommittee on Appropriations on which I serve is poised to pass the FY2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, which includes $300 million for construction of NBAF. This funding is a critical step forward to finish construction of the lab in Manhattan. It solidifies Congressional support for the construction of the modern, world-class facility which will protect Americans against biological threats. Kansas will become a research epicenter, and the construction will ultimately create jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology. The talented young men and women who grow up here will have more opportunities to work and live in Kansas. Following Subcommittee passage, the bill will awaits passage by the full Appropriations Committee on Thursday.
This morning I walked Manhattan's Linear Trail, which runs along the Kansas river.  Earlier in the weekend, I was in north central Kansas. I appreciate the folks who attended my town hall in Smith Center, and it was good to talk health care with Doyle McKimmey and hospital staff at Jewell County Hospital in Mankato. Before boarding the plane back to Washington, D.C., tomorrow, I will be visiting with EJ and Ellen and callers on 98.1 FM KMBZ. I encourage you to tune in or listen online.
During my time in Smith County, I also visited the Courthouse Square Veterans Memorial, which is a tribute to Smith County veterans. The memorial was planned by a group of interested military veteran volunteers, and it was an honor to speak at its dedication in 2002.
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today with a stop in Smith Center, Kansas. The conversations focused on issues veterans are facing with the VA, the unrest in Iraq, and the importance of rural health care. Thanks to the nearly 20 Smith County residents for attending and sharing feedback on the critical issues facing Kansas and the nation. The issues I focus on and the work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall meetings.
This week, Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs Sloan Gibson began the process of selecting the next head of the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) and has created a commission of healthcare experts, Veteran Service Organizations (VSO) and industry leaders. The VHA is our nation’s largest integrated health care system with more than 1,700 sites that serve 8.76 million veterans each year, and the next Undersecretary must be prepared to reform the VHA system. Secretary Gibson included representatives from two VSO’s — The Veterans of Foreign Wars and Disabled American Veterans. Interestingly, the only major VSO — in fact, the largest one in the country — that was not offered representation was the American Legion. It seems there is a connection between the American Legion’s call for reform and their exclusion from this commission. I would hope this isn’t a result of the American Legion calling for VA Secretary Shinseki’s resignation.
This week, three Kansans from the National Young Leaders Conference stopped by my office. The conference is a seven-day event that brings together outstanding high school students from across the country. During the conference, they come to Capitol Hill to meet with Members of Congress from their home states, and it was great to visit with these bright students. Here, I'm pictured with Lindsay Crist and Ashley Wollesen of Lincoln and Joseph Harms of Lawrence.
Today, I stopped in Mankato to visit Jewell County Hospital (JCH). JCH is a 22-bed Critical Access Hospital with an attached 22-bed long-term care unit. The hospital also operates a rural health clinic, providing patients access to primary care services in Mankato. During the visit, our discussion centered around the importance of JCH and other rural hospitals to the survival and success of many Kansas communities. We visited about concerns policies proposed by the Obama Administration that would reduce the number of CAHs in Kansas and across the country. CAHs and other rural hospitals make up a significant component of our state’s health care delivery system and are often one of the largest employers in their towns. Thanks to JCH CEO Doyle McKimmy for hosting my visit.
I enjoyed greeting students from Frankfort High School prior to their United States Capitol tour today. While they enjoyed their time in Washington, D.C., they were ready to get back home to Kansas. Travel safely!
Yesterday I met with General Frank Grass, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, to discuss a number of important budgetary issues that could impact the readiness and missions of our Kansas National Guard. General Grass is a Missouri Guardsman with strong ties to the Midwest. He understands the importance of preserving missions that are unique to Kansas.   The General was extremely complimentary of the work conducted by civilians and Kansas Guard in the Kansas Intelligence Fusion Center, which he visited in August 2013. Specifically, we agreed that it is critical to grow cyber capabilities to make certain our military is ready to combat cyber threats. General Grass also seemed eager to learn about the distinctive Air National Guard cyber unit in Kansas — the 177th Information Aggressor Squadron — at McConnell Air Force Base. I look forward to working with him to preserve the unique capabilities and skills Kansas National Guardsmen offer our country and our great state.
Today, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that Hong Kong and the United States have reached an agreement to fully reopen Hong Kong’s borders to U.S. beef and beef products. The policy change comes 11 years after American beef was banned in Hong Kong amidst concerns about a positive case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy detected in the United States – a chronic degenerative disease affecting the central nervous system of cattle. The new standard makes Hong Kong consistent with the World Organization for Animal Health guidelines and will allow beef imports from U.S. cattle up to 30 months of age.   American farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality agricultural products in the world. Hong Kong’s new guidelines are a step in the right direction in regard to internationally-accepted, science-based trading standards. The guidelines will create more jobs and revenue in Kansas and our country, while providing foreign customers affordable access to our products.
It was a pleasure to visit with 6th graders from Manhattan’s Woodrow Wilson and Marlatt Elementary Schools today. They were in Washington, D.C., for the National History Day Competition that included 2,900 students from across the country. Each of the Kansas students qualified to compete nationally by placing first or second in the Kansas History Day competition. Students chose historical topics and conducted research through libraries, archives, museums, oral history interviews and historic sites, and they presented their projects earlier this week. I enjoyed visiting with this impressive group of young individuals about our shared passion for history and wish them all the best.
I now serve on the Board of Visitors of the AFA – a group of civilians, military leaders and Members of Congress who advise the leadership of the Air Force on Air Force Academy issues. It has always been a great honor to nominate Kansas high school students to attend one of our country’s military academies. I welcome this new opportunity to affect their education and training, and look forward to future Board meetings.
It was great to welcome nearly 40 delegates to Capitol Hill today who are visiting Washington, D.C., on the 2014 Kansas-Hawaii Electric Co-op Youth Tour. More than 1,500 students from across the country take part in the tour to meet with their U.S. Representatives and Senators, as well as explore museums and memorials. I appreciated their thoughtful questions and enjoy meeting with this group each year. #YTDC
My office is now accepting internship applications for the fall 2014 session. Congressional internships are a great way for Kansas students to learn about Congress while at the same time gaining professional work experience. Having worked as a congressional intern myself, I know what a valuable experience it can be.  I encourage you to watch the video linked below and visit the internship page on my website to learn more. Completed applications must be submitted for consideration by July 8.
I encourage you to read this week's #KansasCommonSense e-newsletter, which includes my latest efforts to improve the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Today I called on acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson to extend the program Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) that currently serves rural veterans. The ARCH pilot program has been operating since 2011 at five rural pilot sites, including Pratt, Kansas, and allows veterans to access health care services from community providers if they reside at least one hour from a VA medical center or Community Based Outpatient Clinic. Despite the overwhelming satisfaction of veterans who utilize ARCH, the VHA has begun shutting down the program, restricting veterans from the services they have come to rely upon and directing them back to VA facilities. I believe the VHA intentionally misled my colleagues and I who have sought answers from the VA for months regarding the potential extension of the program. I am seeking Secretary Gibson’s leadership to stop VHA’s plans to dismantle ARCH and make certain that veterans who are currently receiving medical services through ARCH will continue to receive that care. 
Happy Flag Day. The flag of the United States was adopted by resolution of the Second Continental Congress in 1777.
Fort Riley has spent the week celebrating 97 years of the “Big Red One” and the 239th birthday of the Army. It is also a time to honor the sacrifices made by the men and women have fallen while serving with the division.
This week I attended Leavenworth's Lions Club to discuss the bipartisan passage of legislation designed to address concerns at the Department of Veterans Affairs. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a sponsor of the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014, I was pleased the Senate rose to the occasion and came together on this critical legislation. Thanks to the Leavenworth Lions Club for the warm welcome.
Thousands of soldiers from around the country are in Kansas City to participate in the largest warfighter exercise in Army history.
I visited with administrators, physicians, and staff at Olathe Medical Center, Olathe, Kansas (OMC) this week to learn more about how they utilize resources to care for their communities. OMC is the centerpiece of the Olathe Health System, which includes Miami County Medical Center, 35 family care and specialty clinics of Olathe Medical Services, and more than 300 physicians and 2,500 employees. Our discussion covered a variety of topics including the ever increasing federal regulatory burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care services to their patients. Thanks to OMC Senior Vice President of Operations John Staton for hosting my visit, and to Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland for joining me on the tour.
This morning I joined Rep. Lynn Jenkins at the Topeka Colmery-O'Neil VA Medical Center to visit with patients and learn more about their experiences. The Wichita Eagle story linked below summarizes the visit. I will continue to work to address the challenges and problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs so our nation’s heroes have a VA worthy of their service.
Upon Senate passage of the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014 yesterday, I visited with KWCH about this critical legislation. I hope that negotiations with the House will move quickly and that the President will soon sign this bill into law. As a result, we expect that the Department of Veterans Affairs will soon provide veterans with the choice to access timely, quality health care from non-VA providers - a necessary option because of the burden of travel and long wait-times that veterans experience in Kansas and across the country.
As a sponsor of the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014, I am pleased the Senate has risen to the occasion and come together on this critical legislation. I am still in Kansas attending to my family, but there should be no question of my support for this bill. Had I been in Washington, I would have joined my colleagues in voting in favor of this bipartisan plan to help make certain veterans receive the access to quality, timely care they deserve. I will continue to work to address the challenges and problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs so our nation’s heroes have a VA worthy of their service.
Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) released a "Nationwide Access Audit" on quality and access to care for our nation's veterans. The latest findings are the result of a so-called nationwide audit conducted by VA employees through face-to-face interviews — far from a comprehensive assessment and sincere look at the magnitude of the dysfunction at hand. In fact, the Office of Inspector General wasn’t involved whatsoever and those conducting the audit did not utilize the same practices and procedures as the IG. If this cursory investigation discovered thousands of veterans who have yet to receive care, I have no doubt these numbers only scratch the surface of the problems plaguing veterans. While more than 3,772 VA staff were interviewed, I’d like to know how many veterans themselves — if any — were interviewed. Let’s ask our veterans if they are satisfied with the quality of care that they’re receiving and let them be the judge of whether or not good things are happening at the VA. I expect to learn more about these delays and unauthorized lists, and will continue to engage with VA leaders directly until this situation is resolved.
In Memory Ray E. Moran November 7, 1915 to June 6, 2014
Tonight, I attended the Fort Hays State University's (FHSU) President’s Dinner, which is held every year to thank those who have contributed to the university’s success. It was great to spend the evening with many FHSU alumni and supporters as we celebrated the FHSU's outstanding achievements. This year’s dinner was bittersweet, as it was the last for FHSU President Dr. Edward Hammond. Here, I'm pictured with Dr. Hammond and incoming president Dr. Mirta Martin.
I recently urged President Obama to consider veterans in rural areas as the Administration works to strengthen and accelerate access to health care for veterans. Rural veterans in Kansas and other states face significant challenges accessing health care through the VA system. The burdens of time and distance prevent many rural veterans from receiving basic care through a VA facility and, all too often, important preventative or follow-up care is extremely difficult to obtain. I believe that any expansion of health care outside of VA facilities should afford rural veterans the option for them to choose care in their own communities.
Today we commemorate D-Day and remember those brave Allied troops, including the Big Red One, who stormed the beaches and cliffs of Normandy 70 years ago and changed the course of humanity. Forced to abandon their landing craft in deep water, the 1st Division traipsed ashore Omaha Beach weighed down by heavy equipment and in the face of intense enemy fire. The Big Red One saw 3,000 of its men killed, wounded of captured that bloody day – and overall Allied troops suffered 10,000 casualties. That Longest Day proved to be the turning point of World War II, leading to the liberation of France from the Nazis and eventually brining the War to an end. The world as we know it today is more free because of the Greatest Generation we honor today. We must never forget how fortunate we are to live in nation where true heroes volunteer to defend our freedom.
Last night I attended a Senators-only briefing about the President’s Taliban-Bergdahl exchange in hopes of getting real answers from the White House. Unfortunately, there were no reasonable answers to our questions, and I didn’t learn anything that hadn’t already been reported by the media. It is disturbing that the White House can’t answer questions including why Congress wasn’t notified about this deal ahead of time as required by law, justification for releasing these five senior Taliban officials from Guantanamo, and why we haven’t brought home Americans who remain held in poor conditions like Alan Gross and Saeed Abedini but selectively rescued Bowe Bergdahl. This is unacceptable.
This morning I made a plea on the Senate floor for my colleagues to put politics aside and pass legislation that truly addresses the failures within the Department of Veterans Affairs. My plea is to the Democratic leaders, to the Republican leaders, to individual senators, whatever party they are: let's not follow the path that we have followed so many times in which there's a Republican plan to fix a problem and there's a Democrat plan to fix a problem. Surely our veterans deserve something more than each of us being able to say we cast a vote for their benefit. Surely they deserve the opportunity to actually have legislation passed that will address the challenges and problems at the VA. We are called upon as American citizens, certainly as members of the United States senate, to do all the things that we can do to demonstrate that we thank our veterans for their service, we respect them, and we love them.
It is always inspiring to greet our nation’s veterans as they arrive in Washington, D.C. on their Honor Flights to see the memorials built in their honor. Here, Kyle Christian, a member of my staff, and Kyle Abbott, one of my summer interns, greet World War II and Korean War veteran James “JS” Wagner of Kensington, Kansas, on his visit to the National World War II Memorial.
As proof of the systemic dysfunction and lack of leadership at the VA continues to mount, the most important thing is making certain our veterans receive the highest quality care possible and the access they deserve. I am a sponsor of the Veterans Choice Act, new legislation to make certain veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable wait times at VA facilities by giving them the option of being treated by their local physician or being admitted to their local hospital. The success of this approach has already been demonstrated with Project ARCH (Access Received Closer to Home), which enables rural veterans who live more than an hour from a VA facility the ability to receive care from their local health-care providers. Current analysis shows that more than 90 percent of veterans who received primary care services through ARCH were ‘completely satisfied’ with the care, and cited significantly shortened travel times to receive this care.
Yesterday, I had a productive discussion with Kansas law enforcement leaders — Coffey County Attorney Doug Witteman of Burlington and Hodgeman County Sheriff Ron Ridley of Jetmore — on strategies to prevent crime in Kansas communities. I commend Doug and Ron for their commitment to their local communities and for sharing how high-quality education reduces a child’s likelihood of future involvement in crime.
This morning before I got to the office I was on the National Mall for a little exercise and some mental health. Thank you for the opportunity to work for you in our nation's capital. Throughout the summer we will welcome many Kansans to Washington, D.C., and they will see the beauty and history I saw this morning.
The proposed EPA rule released today, crafted without the input of Congress, amounts to a national energy tax that will threaten economic growth, destroy jobs, and lead to higher energy costs for Kansas families and businesses. Kansas would be especially hurt because more than 60 percent of our state’s electricity production comes from coal. At a time when our country is making progress in regaining manufacturing jobs from abroad, these regulations will again send jobs out of the United States. Washington should focus on common-sense policies to make energy cleaner and more affordable rather than more red tape and harmful regulations. This Administration continues to ignore the impact a rule like this has on average Americans.
On Friday I visited St. Catherine Hospital in Garden City. St. Catherine is a 132-bed acute care hospital that has recently made significant patient service expansions. The has hospital announced the initiation of a new minor emergency/urgent care service called Fast Track. The facility aims to improve service quality for patients arriving in the emergency department with non-critical injuries and illnesses. This effort is part of a larger critical care project that will also include a complete renovation of the hospital’s emergency department. Here I am pictured with Cath Lab Supervisor Doug Landgraf and Urologist Dr. Ron Catanese.
I was glad to see the much-needed rainfall across Kansas yesterday. It will provide some relief for Kansas farmers and ranchers who are facing a severe drought. Here are the totals according to KAKE-TV.
This morning at 7:45 a.m. CT I'll visit with Fox and Friends on Fox News Channel about VA Secretary Shinseki's resignation and the path forward toward a Department of Veterans Affairs that is worthy of our veterans' service and sacrifice. We do not need more damage control – we need to eliminate the damage being done to our nation’s veterans. I hope you'll tune in.
Visited Wichita County Health Center in Leoti Saturday morning. This is Tyson Sterling the new CEO who took over this position in April. I wanted to meet Tyson and offer my assistance in helping to make sure the citizens of Wichita County can access quality health care. Great to meet a new generation of leadership in western Kansas.
This afternoon I held a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Gray County at the Cimarron City Library. The conversation focused on Sec. Shinseki’s resignation and making certain the VA culture is transformed, local care for veterans, rural health care, EPA water rules, the Lesser Prairie Chicken and immigration reform. Thanks again to Candis Hemel for helping arrange and allowing me to host a town hall in the city library.
Today I stopped by the open house at Crustbuster's new Assembly plant in Spearville and toured the fabrication, welding and assembly facilities. Crustbuster manufactures Drills, planters, seed tenders, conveyors and other equipment. It was great to see owners Don and Christy Hornung and visit with their son Matt.
Today, VA Secretary Eric Shinseki offered his resignation to President Obama, and the President accepted. Leadership matters - Calling for Secretary Shinseki’s resignation did not come lightly to me, but accountability starts at the top and the step taken today is just the beginning. We now need accountability and true reform within the VA all across the country. For this to occur, we need a fresh perspective and a leader who is willing to shake up the VA’s bureaucratic culture. I believe this individual should not come from within the current dysfunctional system that is failing our veterans. I hope the President is willing to give veterans an individual they can trust to take the Department of Veteran’s Affairs in a new direction, and give veterans hope that the VA can move beyond its failures and provide them with the care they earned and deserve. We should not rest until our veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
Community-Based Outpatient Clinics are critical to quality of life and access to health care for many veterans in Kansas, especially folks living in our many rural communities who would otherwise be forced to drive hours and hundreds of miles to receive care at a VA hospital. Some of the services provided by CBOCs to veterans include mental health, management of acute and chronic medical conditions, and pharmacy benefits. Today I visited the Hays VA Outpatient Clinic - one of 15 CBOC locations in Kansas - and spent some time visiting with veterans and staff about any complaints or suggestions they have to improve VA care for our nation's heroes.
This afternoon, I stopped in Hill City to tour Graham County Hospital (GCH). GCH has been serving the community since 1953 and is a Critical Access Hospital. They provide 24-hour emergency services, laboratory services, dietary services, imaging services and therapy services, as well as offer orthopaedic, cardiology and podiatry outpatient clinics. It was great to meet GCH's new physician Dr. David Atkins who joined the hospital in February. Here, I'm pictured with Jeffrey Parsons, LPN; Nikki Presley, RN; GCH Trustee Don Paxon; and CEO Melissa Atkins.
Congrats to the graduating seniors of the U.S. Service Academies! I consider making appointments to the Service Academies one of my most privileged responsibilities as a Senator. Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Armed Forces. Each of these graduates will undoubtedly do great things for Kansas and for our country.
Today, the VA Inspector General’s Office confirmed that the Phoenix VA health clinic used secret wait lists to conceal treatment delays of up to 115 days for 1,700 veterans. The IG report indicates that these veterans “continue to be at risk of being forgotten or lost in Phoenix HCS’s convoluted scheduling process.” This report is telling us information we already know to be true from a memo published in 2010 – how many more studies is it going to take for this Administration to take action? Enough is enough – accountability starts at the top, and there is a difference between wanting change and leading it to happen. 
I visited Mercy Maude Norton Hospital (MMN) in Columbus yesterday. MMN is a Critical Access Hospital (CAH) and part of the Mercy Health System. During my visit, we discussed concerns about increasing federal regulatory burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care services to their local residents.  One burdensome regulation in particular is the Medicare CAH “96-hour rule.” Under this rule, Medicare requires that physicians at CAHs certify, at the time of admission, that Medicare and Medicaid patients will not be at the facility for more than 96 hours. Such an arbitrary and inflexible rule places an unnecessary burden on CAHs and doctors without regard to clinical appropriateness, and could result hospitals having to reduce the services they offer patients in Kansas communities. I have sponsored the Critical Access Hospital Relief Act (S. 2037) to eliminate this 96-hour rule. Thanks to MMN Administrator Cindy Neely and Mercy Regional Director of Government Relations Karen Endicott-Coyan for hosting my visit.
It was great to be in Pittsburg for Rotary Club today. More than 60 fellow Rotarians were in attendance, and I addressed issues facing Kansas and the country including veterans affairs and health care. Thanks to State Rep. Adam Lusker and Pittsburg State University President Steve Scott for attending. Thanks also to Rotary Club President Shawn Naccarato for the invitation to speak and law school classmate Mark Werner for the kind introduction.
I had a useful discussion with nearly 25 folks in Riverton this morning when I made a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Cherokee County. We discussed education, health care, job creation, disaster assistance and community pharmacies. Thanks to Cherokee County Sheriff David Groves for attending. Check my website for upcoming listening tour stops.
Over the weekend, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Ellsworth County. Nearly 45 area residents turned out to the Wilson Senior Center to share feedback and concerns on a wide array of topics including veterans’ healthcare, federal regulations, agriculture, the EPA, community pharmacies and how to keep Main Street alive and well. Thanks to Senior Center Administrator Sharon Holloway for making the facility available. Thanks also to Wilson Telephone President Brian Boisvert and Wilson City Clerk Susan Kriley for helping promote my visit throughout the community. Here, I'm pictured with Seitz Drug Owner Terry Kepka.
I enjoyed speaking with WWII Army Veteran and Ellsworth native Leon Setter during my time at the Dole VA Medical Center today. It was an honor to express my gratitude on behalf of Kansans to veterans in-person. Our freedoms are made possible because of their service and sacrifice. Thank you to Dole VA Medical Center Director Francisco Vazquez for meeting with me and Diane Henderson for coordinating my visit.
Today, I joined veterans and local residents at the 56th Annual Resthaven Memorial Day Ceremony in Wichita. Since the Civil War, Americans have gathered each year to remember those courageous men and women who answered the call to serve. We gather together to remind our children and grandchildren that because of the sacrifices of our nation’s veterans, we have the opportunity to live in the strongest, freest and greatest nation in the world.   Here, I'm pictured with U.S. Army Specialist Jason Heilman and Vietnam Veteran Charles Heilman of Wichita. Above, Resthaven Director Mark Hansen and Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer.
An old photo, but fitting for today. This Boy Scout Troop in Wakefield, Kansas presented the colors before joining volunteers in placing wreaths on the graves of American veterans.
Remembering our nation's fallen heroes and thinking of the young men and women still risking their lives for the United States.
Today I traveled to Junction City to visit with hospital administrators and medical staff at Geary Community Hospital (GCH). During my visit, we discussed concerns with unnecessarily burdensome and flawed Medicare audit regulations. Kansas hospitals have been forced to divert significant resources away from caring for patients to appeal incorrect audit decisions that are ultimately overturned through the appeal process. This broken Medicare audit program places an unreasonable burden on providers, and has created a two-year appeals backlog within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  Too often, federal policies fail to take into account the realities of delivering health care in Kansas communities. It is important that the federal government understands the impact of these rules and regulations on the financial well-being of Kansas hospitals, and the potential they have for significantly disrupting patient access to important health care services. Thanks to GCH CEO Joe Stratton for hosting my visit. Here, I'm pictured with Geary Community Hospital Chief Radiologist Pat Landes who also serves on Junction City Commission.
In case you missed it, here's my interview with Chuck Todd on msnbc's The Daily Rundown discussing dysfunction within the Department of Veterans Affairs and suggestions on how it could be improved.
At around 8 a.m. CT, I'll be joining Chuck Todd on MSNBC's The Daily Rundown to discuss VA dysfunction and my efforts in the Senate Appropriations Committee to hold the VA accountable. I encourage you to tune in.
A $25 million gift from the Hall Family Foundation is a catalyst for the University of Kansas Medical Center to move forward on plans to construct a new health education building - the expansion will allow for increasing numbers of medical students.
Today I took action on the VA scandal in the Senate Appropriations Committee and am pleased the full committee accepted two amendment I offered to hold the VA accountable. The committee voted unanimously to include my VA Management Accountability Act of 2014 amendment in the VA funding bill. This same legislation was passed by the full House last night by a vote of 390-33 and today all 30 Members of the Appropriations Committee unanimously voted in favor. If given a vote on the Senate floor, it would certainly pass.   Additionally, the Committee supported my amendment to force the release of reports by the VA Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) on their investigations into wrongdoing at VA facilities. The release of these reports will allow Americans, the press, Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when they knew it and what they did about it. These are important steps toward resolving the problems at the VA so that veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service.
I am frustrated with the lack of action or accountability coming from President Obama or the Department of Veterans affairs amid ongoing dysfunction within the VA system. Today I spoke with WIBW radio about specific actions that should be taken to address these problems and make certain our vets are getting proper treatment and quality care they deserve. Click below to listen to the discussion. 
It took one month since news broke of the secret wait lists and veteran deaths at a Phoenix VA hospital for Americans to hear from the Commander in Chief. Every day that we have waited for President Obama and Secretary Shinseki to show leadership, new complaints and concerns poured in from whistleblowers, veterans and veteran family members across the country. These reports are symptoms of the systemic dysfunction within the VA system that has been developing for years – yet the White House says they only just learned about them on television. Today, the President echoed Secretary Shinseki in stating that action will be taken if the ‘allegations prove to be true.’ The fact is, many of these cases are not new – they have already been investigated and substantiated in years past, yet no action has been taken. There is a difference between wanting change and leading it to happen.  I continue to demand accountability and true transformation within the VA system in its culture from top to bottom and all across the country. In the absence of dramatic change at the VA, it is clear that we are not prepared for the servicemen and women who are returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan, and we are not capable of caring for our aging veterans as we promised we would and as every American knows we should. We should not rest until our veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service and sacrifice.
I am concerned the VA has strategically used the Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) to conduct investigations into allegations of wrongdoing at VA facilities, knowing the findings could not be released to the public. Unlike reports from the Office of the Inspector General (OIG), OMI reports are not made public or released to Congress - so we don’t know the results of those types of audits, investigations or reviews. I plan to introduce legislation this week to make certain the findings of the OMI are made public so the full scope of the VA’s dysfunction cannot be disguised. 
On my way back to Washington, D.C., I stopped at the Northeast Johnson County Chamber of Commerce's "We’re Talkin' Tuesday" event at Mainstreet Credit Union. The bimonthly meeting gives chamber members an opportunity to network with other local businesses, and I enjoyed learning more about a number of Northeast Johnson County businesses. Thanks to Northeast Johnson County Chamber President and CEO Deb Settle for hosting me.
In Kansas, May is Beef Month and a time to celebrate Kansas cattle producers and the high-quality beef that Kansas is known for across the globe. Beef is vital to Kansas' economy, and our state ranks third nationally with 5.8 million cattle on ranches and feed yards. Learn more about Beef Month at kansasbeef.org.
I visited Quintiles in Overland Park yesterday to see this clinical research organization’s second largest location in the United States. This facility conducts about 40 clinical drug trials a year involving 1,500 trial volunteers. These drug trials are an essential step in the development of new treatments for patients. Thanks to Quintiles Vice President Dr. Mary Westrick and Government & Public Affairs Director Rachael Tarleton Fones for the invitation to visit and for hosting my tour.
I had a great tour of Saint Luke's South Hospital (Saint Luke's Health System) yesterday. Saint Luke’s South is 125-bed acute care hospital features 24-hour emergency services, complete inpatient and outpatient diagnostic testing, a maternity unit with neonatal intensive care, and inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation services. The hospital has been recognized as a U.S. News & World Report’s Best Hospital for 2013-14. My visit included a tour of the hospital’s specialized Hip & Knee Center, which focuses on providing total joint replacement care that leads to faster recovery, lower complication rates, and better overall health outcomes. Thanks to President and CEO Jani Johnson (pictured here) and Government and Community Relations Director Jennifer Bruning for the informational tour.
Veterans flying to visit Washington, DC on a Kansas Honor Flight received a standing ovation from the entire airport. Amid all the mess at the Department of Veterans Affairs, this is a reminder of how our Vets should be treated.
This weekend, I spoke with veterans from across Kansas in Hutchinson during the state convention of the American Legion Auxiliary. We must never forget that our nation has a responsibility to its veterans. That means receiving the care and support they have earned. I will continue my efforts to make certain that they receive the quality of care they deserve. Thanks again to Adjutant Chuck Yunker for the invitation to speak to Kansas veterans.
I'll be visiting with Shannon Bream on Fox News today at noon CT about the need for accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Rather than the VA focusing on damage control, action should be taken immediately to change the bureaucratic culture of mediocrity at the VA and ensure the highest quality and most timely care for our nation’s heroes. Please tune in.
As the Ell-Saline High School Senior class are busy thinking about their future plans, today I took the opportunity to remind them that true success is not marked by what we get out of life, but by what we give back and the kind of person we become. I challenged the seniors to become individuals of character who pursue excellence and put others first. Congratulations once again to the class of 2014, and special thanks to Superintendent Minneman and Principal Wildeman for the invitation to speak at this year’s commencement.
Today I had the opportunity to address the graduating class of seniors at Ell-Saline High School in Brookville. In addition to being excellent students, members of this class are actively involved in their community. They have already learned an important lesson at a young age: a community thrives when its citizens get involved. Here is a photo from my visit with the class prior to the graduation ceremony.
Today we commemorate the 60th anniversary of the landmark Supreme Court decision Brown v. Board of Education. The lawsuit filed by 13 Topeka parents, including Oliver Brown, challenged the legal basis of "separate but equal" facilities that effectively marginalized African Americans from white society. Ruling in favor of the parents, the Supreme Court's unanimous decision to require desegregation of schools began the legal process of integrating all aspects of American society. Because of the courage of this small group of Kansans, and the work of so many others, we continue to strive to uphold the ideal that "All men are created equal" and are treated as such.
On Friday afternoon, I traveled to Barton County to visit Clara Barton Hospital in Hoisington, which been serving Kansans since 1950. Earlier last week, CBH broke ground on its project to expand the hospital’s therapy services department and onsite laundry facilities. This 5,500 square foot expansion will enable the hospital to improve its capacity and quality of therapy services for patients, and significantly reduce the hospital’s laundry expenses. CBH employees have pledged more than $120,000 to support this project, demonstrating their commitment to strengthening their community. Access to hospitals and quality health care services determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home and whether their children can return to raise families of their own. Thanks again to the CBH team for being so welcoming.
News of Undersecretary Petzel’s resignation is not a surprise as he was expected to retire in the near future. However, it is evidence of the dysfunction at the VA. It is important to note that Undersecretary Petzel was the only VA witness at the Senate VA Committee hearing who admitted knowledge of IG reports – he should not shoulder the blame for VA’s failures. Rather than the VA focusing on damage control, action should be taken immediately to change the bureaucratic culture of mediocrity at the VA and ensure the highest quality and most timely care for our nation’s heroes.
Today I joined the staff of Rooks County Health Center for a BBQ lunch in honor of National Hospital Week. Thank you to the entire staff for their caring compassion and dedication to Kansas patients. Pictured are Patricia Czahor, Brooklyn Eaves, Melissa Nelson, Vicky Roberts, Marilyn Simon, Pam, Harmon, Bill Stahl, Shelia Eichman, Lisa VonFeldt and Brenda Axelson.
Yesterday prior to the VA Committee hearing, I had the opportunity to meet with World War II Veterans and other veterans at their Memorial on the National Mall as part of the Honor Flight Program in Kansas. Meeting with veterans when they visit their Memorial is a moving experience – each and every time. The military men and women who sacrificed for our nation should have the most timely and highest quality health care our country has to offer. I will continue to work to make certain that is the case. Here is a photo with Alvin Barta of Lucas, a U.S. Navy Veteran.
This week is National Hospital Week. Thanks to all the men and women who work in hospitals in our state for their caring compassion and dedication to Kansas patients. I have had the pleasure of visiting each of the 127 community hospitals across Kansas, and I learn something new at each visit. The health care access that our hospitals provide is absolutely essential to the survival and success of Kansas communities. I look forward to visiting Clara Barton Hospital in Hoisington this afternoon.
Today I shared the experiences of veterans in Kansas and all across the country. Below is a clip focused on the experience of personnel at the Jackson, Mississippi, Veterans Affairs Medical Center who were visited by VA staff on Monday as part of what VA Secretary Eric Shinseki called the “nationwide, face-to-face audit” of the VA system. The feedback about their experience speaks to my concerns that the nationwide audit is simply damage control, and not truly a comprehensive and sincere look at the magnitude of the problems at hand.
You can watch the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing on the State of VA Health Care and Secretary Shinseki's testimony at the link below. 
This morning, I spoke to the TODAY Show about reports of treatment delays for wounded vets at VA hospitals across the country. Action must be taken immediately. 
President Obama’s appointment of his Deputy Chief of Staff to oversee this VA review is a clear indication that Secretary Shinseki isn’t capable of leading this himself. Why would you assign someone other than your Cabinet Secretary if you had faith in their abilities to lead and manage? The fact is, the VA needs new leadership. 
This morning I will question VA Secretary Shinseki directly about the VA's mediocrity and continued disservice to our nation’s heroes. Please tune in as I visit with Fox News at 8 a.m. CT about my plans for the hearing.
This afternoon I spoke with Gretchen Carlson about the mounting allegations of dysfunction and cover-ups at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) ahead of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki's testimony before the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee tomorrow. I've discovered what Sec. Shinseki coined as a “nationwide review” beginning on May 8, is actually looking at less than 10 percent of the 1,700 Veterans Health Administration “points of care” across this country. I seriously question whether this is truly a comprehensive and sincere look at the magnitude of the problems at hand.
Last night, Bret Baier gave an update on the VA scandal impacting our nation's heroes across the country. In case you missed it, you can watch the informative segment below.
During tomorrow's Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing, I will question VA Secretary Shinseki about the suffering the VA system is causing our nation’s Veterans. Please take this survey and share your story. I will personally make sure Secretary Shinseki hears your concerns.
Fmr. Army Sgt. Kyle White received the Medal of Honor today for heroic actions during an ambush by the Taliban in Afghanistan. Click to read more about this incredible man's story and service.
Too many veterans are suffering because the Department of Veterans Affairs is failing to serve their needs. I want to hear about your experience with the VA. Please take a moment to share your personal story and I will make certain the VA receives your message.
Today I addressed the graduating seniors of Sylvan-Lucas Unified High School in Sylvan Grove during commencement exercises. When I asked Principal Walter about this class of seniors, he said, “it’s a class of good kids” who will “do anything for anyone at anytime.” In my book, that’s pretty high praise coming from a high school principal. This group of 12 seniors is not only actively involved in school activities, but is also dedicated to serving their local community.   High school graduation is a special time for both families and seniors because it represents a significant turning point in their lives as many prepare to leave home for the first time. Congratulations to the class of 2014 on their outstanding achievement. And special thanks to Superintendent Stecklein and Principal Walter for the invitation to speak at this year’s graduation ceremony.
Across the street from my town hall meeting today was the Rice County Courthouse - one of our state's most beautiful and historically preserved.
After my visit to Little River today, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Rice County at Lyons Federal Bank. I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with local residents about a wide range of topics including Cecil Burdette of Lyons who discussed concerns with VA healthcare. Thanks to John Sweet, Lyons City Administrator for helping set up the town hall meeting. The work I do in Washington and the issues I focus on are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans and I greatly appreciate every conversation. Check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops.
On my way out of McPherson today I stopped in the community of Little River and enjoyed visiting with folks at the City Library, Little River State Bank, Rice Co. Builders, Mutual Telephone Company, Fat Boyz Bar and Grille and Garden of Eden Grocery. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
This morning i joined local residents for the 101st annual McPherson All Schools Day Parade and had the chance to visit with several students, including Ian Ferguson - McPherson High School senior and member of the marching band. The parade began in 1914 as a way to celebrate 8th grade graduates and has grown into a week-long annual Kansas event honoring graduates from 8th grade, high school and college with hundreds of participants. It was nice to see so many old friends and new faces. Thanks again to Scott Werth, my driver in the parade, as well as Donna Viola and the 2014 chairperson, Mary Steffes, who did a great job organizing this community event.
I was honored to be recognized by Rotary International and its Polio Eradication Champions event on Wednesday evening. Rotary has contributed more than $1.2 billion to date to fight polio. Through 2018, every new dollar Rotary commits to polio eradication will be matched two-to-one by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation up to $35 million a year. Polio cases have been reduced by 99 percent worldwide, but the disease has not been eradicated in Nigeria, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. As a fellow Rotarian, I commend the organization and its members for their leadership in eradicating polio across the globe and share this commitment to ridding the world of this terrible disease. Here, I'm pictured with Rotary International President Ron Burton.
Today, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary was notably absent from the Senate Appropriations Hearing on the Fiscal Year 2015 HHS Budget Request. While I appreciate the expertise and experience of the panel of witnesses, none of them could testify to the overall strategy or management of HHS, and why specific funding recommendations were made. My colleagues – who have been here longer than I have – tell me that no one can remember another time a cabinet secretary failed to testify before their Appropriations subcommittee.
Thanks to all the teachers who care deeply about their students & challenge them to reach their goals. I'm particularly grateful to Mrs. Pruter, my 4th grade teacher at Plainville Grade School. She loved each of her students and taught me that I had the ability to do well if I applied myself.  #ThankATeacher
Today on CNN, Jake Tapper and Drew Griffin discussed the systemic dysfunction within the Department of Veterans Affairs, the suffering of veterans, and the lack of response from VA leadership. The piece highlighted my floor remarks today demanding accountability from VA Secretary Eric Shinseki and calling for his resignation. I will continue to work to make certain our veterans have a VA worthy of their sacrifice.
Findings of a new report by The Brookings Institution suggest the US economy is experiencing the lowest levels of entrepreneurship in 30 years. This is a big problem. New businesses launched by innovators and entrepreneurs are responsible for almost all new job creation in America. This report comes after the US economy grew by just 0.1% last quarter. If we want a growing economy with better products and services at lower prices and more employment opportunities - entrepreneurship must return to healthy levels. To achieve this, I have introduced Startup Act 3.0 to make it easier for startup companies to form, grow, and thrive in America. It is crucial that we pass this legislation and get our economic engine running again. 
Today, I am demanding accountability and true transformation within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) in its culture from top to bottom and all across the country. Veterans have been waiting for action, and yet the VA continues to operate in the same old bureaucratic fashion, settling for mediocrity and continued disservice to our nation’s heroes. There’s a difference in wanting change and leading it to happen. Secretary Shinseki is seemingly unwilling or unable to do so, and change must be made at the top. I ask the Secretary to submit his resignation and I ask President Obama to accept that resignation. We must never forget that our nation has a responsibility to its veterans, and we need a VA worthy of their sacrifice.
I enjoyed stopping by and visiting with the staff at the Livestock Marketing Association (LMA) this morning. LMA is the national trade organization for the livestock marketing business and represents around 70 percent of all U.S. livestock markets. Our conversation centered around the ever-increasing regulatory environment and what that means for producers. It was good to visit with LMA's first-rate team, and I appreciate their service to markets and producers for more than 60 years.
It was a beautiful Kansas morning in Atchison where I spoke with nearly 30 area residents during a Kansas Listening Tour stop today. They shared concerns about health care and overregulation by the federal government. Atchison is a great community that cares about its future. Thanks to all who came out to share a good dose of Kansas common sense and to Atchison Area Chamber President Jacque Pregont for helping to coordinate my visit.
This week I had the opportunity to speak to many accomplished scientists and researchers at the 2014 Szent-Györgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer Research Award Dinner hosted by the National Foundation for Cancer Research (NFCR). NFCR supports numerous laboratories and scientists that have helped make possible many cancer treatments that are saving lives today. I was honored to be introduced at this event by The University of Kansas Cancer Center (KUCC) Director Dr. Roy Jensen.  As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the National Cancer Institute, I believe we must prioritize medical research that saves and improves lives and reduces health care costs. Thanks to NFCR for its continuing efforts to improve the lives of cancer patients across our country.  Pictured left to right: KUCC's Dan Welch, NFCR President Franklin Salisbury, University of California at San Diego's Webster Cavenee and Roy Jensen.
Congratulations to the new Fort Hays State University (FHSU) President Dr. Mirta Martin. Her selection was announced today by the Kansas Board of Regents. My wife, Robba, is a Regent and over the past five months has served on the FHSU Presidential Search Committee chaired by Denis Miller. I look forward to meeting and working with Dr. Martin, and wish outgoing President Hammond the very best.
It's always a privilege as well as humbling to spend time with veterans from Kansas at the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. These veterans represent the best of America — a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is because these veterans answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we have today.  The veterans I visited with today were in Washington, D.C., with Kansas Honor Flight, Inc., an organization that enables veterans to visit the WWII Memorial created in their honor.
Congress declared the first Thursday in May as a National Day of Prayer in 1952. Today serves as a reminder to set aside time to pray for our country and reflect on the importance of prayer. Whether in times of uncertainty, grief or joy, prayer has the power to comfort, and it is encouraging to know that so many individuals are praying for their elected officials, the state of Kansas and our country.
The Senate Appropriations Committee received word that the Department of Health and Human Services will not confirm a date for a hearing to justify its budget request before the Senate Appropriations Committee. The Department of Health and Human Services requested nearly $70 billion in taxpayer money for Fiscal Year 2015, and I would expect the head of any U.S. Department to justify their budget request before the proper appropriations subcommittee. This Administration vowed to be transparent and work with Congress to establish regular order for appropriations bills, and defending their budget request in a hearing is part of that pledge.  It is my hope that the Department will reconsider this decision and allow for a transparent process.
Last week, I enjoyed a tour followed by a Q&A with employees from Ferrellgas in Overland Park. During the Q&A, I heard employees’ concerns with the new health care law, overregulation and overreach by the federal government, energy policy, entrepreneurship and the American Dream. Thanks to Ferrellgas Chairman Jim Ferrell and Ferrell Capital President Pam Breuckmann for the visit and tour.
Sunday evening, I hosted a conference call with County Commissioners from across the state including of Finney, Harvey, Leavenworth, McPherson, Mitchell and Reno Counties. The commissioners brought up a number issues and concerns including the Lesser Prairie Chicken, transportation funding, health care, veterans’ benefits and the IRS. I appreciate each of these leaders for their efforts to improve their communities, counties and our state. Thanks to Kansas Association of Counties Executive Director Randall Allen for your assistance in coordinating the call.
As I witnessed the destruction of homes, businesses and infrastructure in Baxter Springs yesterday on a tour with Sheriff David Groves, it was no surprise that Kansans were already reaching out to help those in need. My thoughts and prayers go out to residents and business owners who suffered great loss and devastation, and my sincere thanks goes out to all of the emergency management personnel who are responding to this disaster.
Last night a tornado — nearly three blocks in width — struck the community of Baxter Springs resulting in at least 34 injuries along with major damage to a minimum of 160 homes and 12 businesses. This tornado was part of a larger storm system that also ravaged parts of Arkansas and Oklahoma resulting in at least nine deaths. My thoughts and prayers go out to residents and business owners who suffered great loss and devastation.  This morning I traveled to Cherokee County to join local, county and state officials for a tour of some of the hardest hit areas and to receive an update on relief efforts. As I witnessed the destruction of homes, businesses and infrastructure, it was clear that the damages are much more than a number. Much more importantly, it represents families, employees and business owners in need.  And not surprisingly, less than 24 hours after the destruction, Kansans were already reaching out to meet those needs.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Kansans who suffered great loss and devastation from the tornadoes that struck the Midwest tonight — including Baxter Springs. As severe weather continues to impact communities across the country, thanks to the emergency responders who are working to help all affected.
I started my day by flipping pancakes at the Forbes Field Combat Air Museum’s Annual Celebrity Pancake Feed to raise money for the museum. The event had a great turnout and was a lot of fun. Thanks to Deloris Zink and Gene Howerter for the invitation to participate.
Earlier this week I drove to Sterling to meet with the leadership team and employees of JACAM Chemical Company. Started more than 30 years ago in the family garage, company founder and chief executive officer Dr. Gene Zaid has built JACAM into an internationally recognized leader in energy innovation. With more than 130 employees in Sterling and a presence in 13 states and five countries, JACAM is involved in many aspects of the oil and gas production, including manufacturing, field services, distribution, lab work as well as cutting edge research and development. I enjoyed learning more about this great Kansas success story. Thanks again to Gene and his son, Jason West, company president, for the kind invitation to visit.
Here's a write-up from the The McPherson Sentinel about my remarks at McPherson Rotary Club this week. The discussion focused on how decisions in Washington that impact our quality of life in Kansas — from health care and agriculture to small businesses and telecommunications.
Great to see Bob Dole sharing his wisdom and experience across Kansas. He is an American hero and one of our state's greatest leaders.
Last night I spoke at the Larned Rotary Club meeting at Pawnee Valley Community Hospital, where the conversation centered around the frustration with inaction in Washington. Attendees brought up President Obama’s decision to extend the Keystone XL Pipeline comment period as yet another example of this administration prioritizing politics over what’s best for our country. Thanks again to everyone who shared their thoughts and concerns with me.
More and more young adults are calling in Kansas City home and leaving places like New York City, Boston, and Los Angeles in the dust.
This afternoon I got a call from the Air Force to relay their final decision to base the new KC-46A tankers at McConnell Air Force Base following a lengthy environmental impact review. There is no longer any question – McConnell Air Force Base is and will continue to be the nation’s super tanker base.   The upcoming arrival of the new KC-46A tanker fleet at McConnell translates into an economic boost for the community, which will endure for years to come as each phase of preparation is completed. I am grateful the efforts to ensure this outcome were successful and that the Air Force truly understands the value of air mobility assets in Kansas. I will continue to work with Air Force leadership to make certain the KC-46A delivery process runs as smoothly as possible.
Lindsborg downtown — one of the most unique, beautiful and vibrant Main Streets in Kansas. I had some useful conversations throughout town earlier this afternoon.
At lunch today I spoke at McPherson Rotary Club. The discussion with the more than 90 residents who attended focused on the decisions in Washington that impact our day-to-day quality of life in Kansas – from health care and agriculture to small businesses and telecommunications. At the meeting, it was an honor to present Rotarian Dick Nichols – my longtime friend and mentor – with a framed copy of a speech I gave on the floor of the U.S. Senate as well as a picture of the two of us at the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. We change the world one soul at a time; Dick Nichols has been doing that throughout his life as a husband, father, veteran, Congressman, community leader and friend. Thanks again to Club President Adrian Morales for the invitation to speak and to my friend and fellow Rotarian Dale Sprague for the kind introduction.
It's a beautiful morning on the campus of Bethany College. I had a good visit with President Ed Leonard, the current chair of the Association of Kansas Independent Colleges.
Sending out my weekly "Kansas Common Sense" newsletter later today. This week's topics include my thoughts on the tragic shootings in Johnson County, the National Institute of Health Director's visit to the University of Kansas, meeting with my Military and Veterans Advisory Committee, town hall meetings across Kansas and Wichita State University’s Entrepreneurship Forum Series.
I hope you and your family are celebrating a meaningful Easter. I am spending today with my family in Manhattan. We are joining the congregation of First Presbyterian Church and Robba will be playing piano during Easter Sunday service. Also this week, families and friends across the world are gathering to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Passover. I hope the Jewish community across Kansas is enjoying a happy holiday as well.
Today I visited Osborne County Memorial Hospital in Osborne where we discussed the impact of federal regulations on hospital operations as well as the unique challenges they pose for rural health care providers. The Senate has passed legislation I introduced, S. 1954, to prevent the federal government from enforcing these burdensome regulations for Critical Access Hospitals like Osborne, as well as other small, rural hospitals in 2014. I continue to urge the House of Representatives to take up this bill. Thanks again to everyone at the hospital for being so welcoming.
I'm in central Kansas this Saturday morning and took this photo in Lucas - home to many artists and known for the Garden of Eden. This piece is the work of artist M.T. Liggett of Mullinville. I've known M.T. for more than 20 years, and the sculpture is titled "Bon Homme" - a compliment I think...
I was disheartened to hear the news of former Rep. Don Dahl’s passing this afternoon. Don was a man of principle who served his country and returned home to improve his community and our state. I encourage all Kansans to join Robba and me in keeping his family in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Today’s decision by President Obama to extend the Keystone XL Pipeline comment period is yet another example of this administration prioritizing politics over what’s best for our country. This pattern of delay is unacceptable, especially when his own State Department said the project would support more than 40,000 jobs. The President must stop putting politics and special interests ahead of the energy security of our country and job creation for Americans.
This morning the staff of Citizens National Bank in Greenleaf welcomed me to Washington County, Kansas — the better Washington. In addition to the bank, I stopped by Watters-Gallagher Heating & Plumbing, Blue Valley Insurance, the post office, Greenleaf Grocery, Looking Glass Beauty Shop, United Farmers Co-op and Greenleaf Housing Authority.  Next, I stopped in Washington at Optometrist Dr. Larry Stoppel's office, Washington EMS, City Hall, First National Bank, the post office, Washington Health Mart, Mayberry's Restaurant, Casey's General Store and Crist & Pieschl Physical Therapy. Thanks for the warm welcome.
It's been great to be back in the state this week to hear from Kansans. I encourage you to read this The Newton Kansan story about my town hall meeting in Halstead.
After visiting the Hillsboro Kawanis Club today I stopped in Durham for a piece of pie and a visit with cafe owner Wendell Wedel. Great pie!
My own interest in public service was sparked by an internship in Washington, D.C. As an intern, I learned firsthand how a Congressional office operates and how the legislative process works.  I am proud to be able to offer this same opportunity in my Senate office today where I have interns year-round who work closely with my staff on behalf of Kansans. Thanks to my spring interns — Abby Naudet and Kyle Calvin — for your hard work over the past four months. I wish you the very best as you continue your studies and work to achieve your dreams.
After my town hall meeting in Harvey County, I enjoyed having lunch with 35 members of the Hillsboro Kiwanis Club. Thanks to club president and Hillsboro City Manager Larry Paine, as well as Mayor Delores Dalke for changing the date of their weekly meeting to accommodate my visit. I was especially honored that Larry and the Mayor presented me with the key to the city.  We had a good conversation about how agriculture, health care and education — the basics — are critical to the future of our state. It was also great to hear about the club's service activities. Civic organizations like Kiwanis Clubs do so much to enhance the quality of life in Hillsboro and communities across Kansas. Here, I'm pictured with Centre School District Superintendent Brian Smith and Hillsboro School District Superintendent Steve Noble.
This morning, I hosted a town hall meeting in Harvey County. Nearly 70 area residents stopped by the Halstead City Council Room to share feedback and concerns on a wide array of topics including agriculture, health care, rural telecommunications, education and how to keep Main Street alive and well. Here, I'm pictured with 2012-13 Kansas American Legion Department Commander Paul Sanford.
Yesterday I enjoyed hosting a Kansas Listening Tour stop in Kingman with nearly 20 area residents. We discussed rural telecommunications, aviation, manufacturing, federal regulations and student loan debt. Thanks to all the folks who came out to share a good dose of Kansas common sense.
While in Wichita this week I toured LDF Sales & Distributing, which sells and distributes a full range of beer, wine, spirits and non-alcoholic beverages in Kansas and Oklahoma. Thanks again to Larry Fleming, Chairman and owner of LDF Sales and Distributing, and Terry Parr, past National Beer Wholesalers Association board member and President of LDF Sales & Distributing, for the informative visit.
Kicked off my morning in Halstead for another Kansas Listening Tour stop.
I encourage you to tune in or listen live to KNSS Radio in the 7 a.m. CT hour. I'll be visiting with Steve and Ted about my visits in Kansas this week during the state work period.  
This morning, I stopped in Council Grove to visit and tour Morris County Hospital (MCH) — a not-for-profit, 25-bed Critical Access Hospital. Here, I'm pictured with Physical Therapist Dawn Palmquist, and Mel and Elizabeth Koegeboehn of Council Grove.  During the visit, CEO Jim Reagan and I discussed several federal regulations governing hospital operations and the challenges they pose for providing care to patients in a rural setting. One example is the current inflexible physician supervision rules relating to the provision of outpatient therapeutic services. These unreasonable supervision rules do not account for the reality of physician availability in a rural environment and jeopardize patients’ access to important therapy services in rural communities in Kansas and across the country. The Senate has passed legislation I introduced, S. 1954, to prevent the federal government from enforcing these burdensome regulations for Critical Access Hospitals and other small, rural hospitals in 2014. I continue to urge the House of Representatives to take up this bill.   Thanks to CEO Jim Reagan for the informative tour and for highlighting the excellent patient care provided by MCH physicians, nurses and staff. Thanks also to Kansas Hospital Association President Tom Bell for joining me at the visit.
Kansas City teens have planned a vigil & candlelit walk from the Kansas City Jewish Community Center to Village Shalom this Friday evening to honor & remember Reat Underwood, William Corporon and Terri LaManno. The entire community is welcome to attend.
It was great to be in Wichita this afternoon and give remarks at Wichita State University’s (WSU) Entrepreneurship Forum Series. The event honored Rent-A-Center and Flint Hills National Golf Club Founder Tom Devlin who keynoted the event and understands that entrepreneurship and innovation are key to growing the economy. Thanks to Tom and Myra Devlin along with their sons, Tom, Jr. and Tim; Dr. Fran Jabara, former WSU College of Business Administration Dean and founder of the WSU Center for Entrepreneurship; WSU President John Bardo; WSU W. Frank Barton School of Business Interim Dean Cindy Claycomb; WSU Center for Entrepreneurship Interim Director Lou Heldman; WSU Professor Don Hackett and Meritrust CEO James Nastars.
Kansas City area teens taking the lead in honoring victims of Sunday's shootings. Young men and women doing things big and small to remember and honor the lives of William Corporon, Reat Underwood and Terri LaManno.
Today the USDA began signups for livestock disaster programs that were reauthorized in the Farm Bill. These programs, which are open to eligible livestock producers who have suffered livestock death losses in excess of normal mortality due to adverse weather, as well as producers who have suffered grazing losses due to drought or fire, will be retroactive back to October 1, 2011. I would encourage producers to contact their local FSA office for more information.
I was grateful to receive the 'Champion of Science' Award from The Science Coalition today during my visit with Dr. Collins. I believe that by investing in research, we are investing in our future. Given the vast amount of progress made over the last century and the great potential current research holds, now is not the time for our nation to waiver on its commitment to advancing scientific research. Our support benefits our children and our country for generations to come by saving lives, improving health, growing the economy, reducing health care costs, and strengthening America’s role as a global leader in innovation.
Today I'm hosting National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Dr. Francis Collins in Kansas to highlight biomedicine and bioscience initiatives in our state. Dr. Collins oversees the work of the largest supporter of biomedical research in the world. This morning, The University of Kansas Chancellor Gray-Little and I hosted a presentation for Dr. Collins on Kansas’ NIH IDeA program. The IDeA program broadens the geographic distribution of NIH research funding by fostering research at institutions in states that have historically been underrepresented in NIH research. These research institutions in Kansas include University of Kansas, Emporia State University, Fort Hays State University, Haskell Indian Nations University, Kansas State University, Pittsburg State University, Wichita State University and Washburn University.
I am shocked and sickened by the violence that occurred in Overland Park and Leawood today. Kansas is a place where every person of every kind should be safe from violence or persecution. My deepest regrets are with the victims' loved ones and my thoughts are with the entire community, which has had its sense of comfort and safety threatened by today's events. I join all Kansans in proclaiming that theses horrific acts of violence have absolutely no place in our communities, our state, or our country.
This afternoon, I continued my statewide listening tour in LaCrosse at the Rush County Courthouse. Thanks to the 25 local residents and friends who came out to visit with me about a wide range of topics including the need to protect rural hospitals, 2nd Amendment rights, and support for the Keystone XL pipeline. I also heard concerns about costly regulations coming out of the federal government that are hurting farmers, bankers, and hospitals in the area. Thanks to Tacy Keener, Deputy County Clerk, for helping set up the town hall meeting. I greatly appreciate everyone who takes the time to visit with me at town halls because I learn something from every conversation. Please check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops near you.
I was glad to have the opportunity to visit with many Kansans at the Great Bend Farm and Ranch Exp, including Ned Brack from Great Bend – a U.S. Navy Veteran who served during the Vietnam War. Thanks again to everyone who shared their thoughts and concerns with me.
It was good to kick off my weekend back in Kansas today at the Great Bend Farm and Ranch Expo, with more than 700 exhibitors highlighting the latest in farming technology and practices. Topics of conversation ranged from the farm bill and crop insurance to the importance of FAA to rural Kansas.
It is always good to have Kansas Livestock Association members in Washington. Making the trip from Kansas to D.C. is not easy but it is necessary - agriculture faces significant issues today and will continue to in the future. I am thankful such strong advocates for our way of life are in Washington educating members and staff. Thanks to KLA for taking the time to stand up for producers in Kansas and across the country.
This week, it was an honor to receive the Alzheimer's Association Humanitarian Award. I will continue to advocate to see that Alzheimer’s becomes a preventable, treatable and curable disease. The reality is, spending money to cure a disease like Alzheimer’s, and to find treatment, means we will save money in the long run, for the benefit of our kids and our families. It’s easy to make the commitment, because, if we can’t find the cure and treatment for this disease, it will consume our budget in a way we cannot sustain.  According to the Alzheimer's Association, more than five million Americans are currently living with the disease, and that number is set to grow to as many as 16 million by 2050. In addition to the human toll of the disease, care for Alzheimer’s, the country’s most expensive condition, will cost the nation $214 billion in 2014 with projections to reach $1.2 trillion by 2050.
Last week I  had the honor of paying tribute to "Mr. Flour" — Hudson's Alvin Brensing. Alvin was a businessman, volunteer, husband and father who lived a full life before passing away in December. I encourage you to watch to the remarks and learn more about this great Kansan.
It was an honor to visit with Thomas Berger and Larry Mac Intire of Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) this morning. During the meeting, we discussed illnesses caused by Agent Orange and the impacts it has on the heath of veterans and their families. They also presented me with a plaque for my efforts to make certain veterans may get care closer to home through the Project ARCH Program. VVA is the nation's only congressionally chartered veterans service organization dedicated to the needs of Vietnam-era veterans and their families.
We must do everything possible to return Alan to the United States and bring his family’s terrible nightmare to an end.
Encouraged by this small step towards the United States of America maintaining its status as the best place in the world to start a business.
Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill estimate the Obama administration has spent roughly $4 to 5 billion to get the Affordable Care Act running. HHS officials are ignoring Congress’ request for information on how Obamacare funds are being used, and refuse to provide the public complete and accurate figures on the full cost of implementation to taxpayers.
There are a number of open job positions at several firms participating in Sprint's Mobile Health Accelerator program.
Obama administration officials are ignoring Congress’ request for information on how Obamacare funds are being used, and refuse to provide the public complete and accurate figures on the full cost of implementation.
President Obama has spent billions implementing and promoting Obamacare, yet when asked, his Department of Health and Human Services conveniently does not track money spent on a variety of promotional activities. This is just the latest way the Obama administration continues to evade questions about the true cost to taxpayers of implementing the Affordable Care Act.
Calling all aspiring rocket scientists! NASA's Space App Challenge returning to Kansas City this month. Last year a Kansas City team won Best Use of Data award for building Sol, the world's first interplanetary weather app. 
Congratulations to Mitch Richmond, an All-American Kansas State basketball player, six time NBA all-star and Olympic Gold Medal winner who was today announced as a 2014 inductee to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
During my time in Kansas over the weekend, it was good to visit with community leaders from Franklin County. The county, city of Ottawa, school board, main street, chamber and development council had a joint meeting to discuss ways to improve economic development. I commend these Kansans for working together to improve the communities they call home, as well as make certain their children may return to raise families of their own. It was great to meet these community leaders and offer any help I may provide.
Today — April 5 — has been designated by Congress as "Gold Star Wives Day." The day exists to publicly recognize the sacrifices made by our servicemen and women who serve our nation with duty and honor. To learn more, click the link below.
Today, I continued my statewide listening tour in Lincoln at the Sunrise Café. I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with nearly 40 area residents about the economy, health care and internet governance.   Thanks to Trooper Brent Van Buren and Lincoln Co. Sheriff Mike Weigel for attending. Thanks also to Jo Buttenhoff for allowing me to hold the meeting at the Café. The work I do in Washington and the issues I focus on are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans. Check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops.
It's good to be in North Central Kansas today. I'm in Lincoln hosting another Kansas Listening Tour stop to hear from area residents about the issues facing Kansas and the country.
Calling all aspiring rocket scientists! NASA's Space App Challenge returning to Kansas City this month. Last year a Kansas City team composed of Salva O'Renick, Ingenology, RareWire, Sprint, Cerner, VML and Waddell & Reed won awards for building the world's first interplanetary weather app.
NA
I surpassed 10,000 Facebook friends today. Thanks to all of you who have sent me messages and commented on my page to share your thoughts and opinions. While nothing can replace a face-to-face conversation, the internet and social media have made it easier than ever to make one's voice heard and have facilitated increased dialogue between American citizens and the people we elect to public office. Please continue to send me your questions, and suggestions - I'm always listening and truly appreciate hearing from Kansans, whatever the topic may be. You may also click "Sign Up" below to receive my newsletter and stay connected.
This afternoon on the U.S. Senate Floor, I paid tribute to "Mr. Flour" — Hudson's Alvin Brensing. Alvin was a businessman, volunteer, husband and father who lived a full life before passing away in December. I encourage you to watch to the remarks and learn more about this great Kansan.
NA
Today’s shooting at Ft. Hood is a tragedy for the Killeen community, state of Texas, United States Armed Forces and the nation. I humbly ask all Kansans to join Robba and me in keeping victims and their families in our thoughts and prayers. As we wait for additional information on this terrible tragedy, we must reaffirm our commitment to protecting this country and its ideals from those who wish to do us harm.
Here’s my view from the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee Hearing this morning with the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Dr. Francis Collins and his colleagues. We discussed the administration’s Fiscal Year 2015 NIH budget request, and I expressed concerns that the administration is not sufficiently prioritizing the medical research.
Last night, I honored Glenn and Elaine Mull, their daughter Amy Harter and granddaughter Samantha Harter on the U.S. Senate Floor. The Mull family was traveling to the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association Trade Show in Nashville, last month when their Gulfstream 690C crashed during a landing attempt.  Glenn and Elaine’s legacies of selflessness, philanthropy and leadership undoubtedly live on. I have met lots of people in my life, and I don’t know that I have ever met a couple with more optimism, with more care and concern for other people or with a sense that things will be better tomorrow. They believed hard work and living your life with integrity and as a companion to your Creator would mean that good things would happen for you and your family.
NA
This morning around 11:15 a.m. CT, I'll be speaking with KBUF's Lory Williams about my conversation with U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week, implementation of the Farm Bill and the lesser prairie chicken listening decision. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
Following tonight's votes, around 5:30 p.m. CT, I will pay tribute to the Mulls — a Kansas family who tragically perished in a plane crash last month.
I had a great time visiting with Kansans at Barney’s in Palco this morning. About 35 folks from around the area turned out to share concerns and give feedback on a wide range of topics — from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s decision to make the Lesser Prairie Chicken a threatened species to First Amendment rights and Obamacare. We also discussed the importance of improving health care for veterans and tackling the national debt. Thanks again to everyone who attended including Rooks Co. Commissioner John Ruder, and thanks to Barney’s for hosting the Listening Tour stop.
Getting a good dose of Kansas Common Sense this morning in Palco. Hope you can join me at my town hall meeting at Barney's on Main Street.
In Parsons Friday I also toured Labette Health, which has provided care to families in southeast Kansas since 1961. In addition to the main hospital campus, LH operates clinics in St. Paul and Cherryvale as well as an outpatient clinic across from their main campus in Parsons. LH also serves as a supporting hospital for Oswego Community Hospital.    During my visit, we discussed LH’s initiatives to increase patient care quality and utilize community resources to enhance health services in the area. We also discussed concerns with federal regulations that fail to take into account for the reality of delivering health care in Kansas and across rural America. As Ranking Member of Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, I continue to advocate for reasonable regulatory flexibility for rural hospitals and other health providers to provide the care that is essential to Kansas communities. Thanks to Labette Health CEO Jodi Schmidt for hosting my visit. Pictured from left to right are Foundation Director Rod Landrum, Mary Ellen Clark with Jeffrey Byrne Associates, Jodi Schmidt, Board Member Dr. Wayne Gilmore and Board President Vince Schibi.
Today in Parsons, I participated in the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new Sonny and Sophia Zetmeir Health Science Facility on the campus of Labette Community College. LCC has been tremendously successful in educating the skilled health professionals who have a positive impact on the lives of all those in the communities they serve.    Congratulations to LCC students, faculty and alumni on the opening this new state-of-the-art facility. Thanks to LCC President Dr. George Knox, the members of the Board of Trustees, the Capital Campaign Committee and the LCC Foundation and Alumni Association for their many years of hard work and great team effort on this project. And thanks especially to all the donors, especially Sophia Zetmeir and her late husband Sonny, for their investment in the future of LCC, their community, and our state. Here is a great picture of the mural inside the new facility paying tribute to the life and good work of Sonny in the community. He truly made a difference every day.
Today before my town hall meeting in Fort Scott, I stopped by the courthouse to visit with County Commissioners Barbara Albright, Allen Warren and Harold Coleman and County Clerk Kendell Mason, as well as made a quick stop at the National Historic Site.   I appreciated Bourbon County residents who attended the town hall meeting and shared concerns on a variety of issues facing Kansas and the nation. Thanks to the Karen Endicott-Coyan and Reta Baker at Mercy Health Systems for hosting the Kansas Listening Tour stop. Thanks also to State Representative Adam Lusker and Kansas Hospital Association President and CEO Tom Bell for attending.
As a member of the Subcommittee for Agriculture Appropriations, I had the opportunity to question U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack this week. We primarily discussed implementation of the Farm Bill, and I asked him to provide a timeline so producers know when the new farm programs are up and running.   The first set of programs to be implemented are the Livestock Disaster Programs, and signups should be available as soon as April 15 with producer payments being delivered thereafter. Right now, the USDA is working to draft the rules for the commodity and crop insurance programs, as well as educate Farm Service Agency (FSA) staff and producers on the new programs. USDA is hopeful that by late summer producers will have the opportunity to update yields and acres with their FSA office, and by early fall the final rules for the new programs will be available. Additionally, signups for farm programs should available by the end of the year.   I also reminded Secretary Vilsack that one of his primary roles is to be an advocate for agriculture within the administration. It's imperative that the issues facing rural America are explained and understood by an increasingly urban Congress. I will continue to advocate for agriculture, and implore my colleagues from rural America to do the same.
Yesterday afternoon, we received word from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services Director Dan Ashe that the lesser prairie chicken will be listed as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act. Listing the lesser prairie chicken will have real consequences on many sectors in communities across Kansas including agriculture, oil and gas development, ranching, transportation and wind energy.   I am confident there are ways to address conserving the species while not hampering economic growth and farming and ranching activities. As conservation efforts are considered, producers deserve the flexibility to implement plans that fit their operations. Additionally, it will be imperative to account for ongoing species recovery developments. I am committed to working with U.S. Fish and Wildlife to make certain the measures implemented are based on sound science and common sense, as well as represent the best interest of producers.
Wonderful news today: the World Health Organization has certified India as polio-free. The nation was home to roughly half the world’s polio cases just five years ago. This success is attributable to the efforts of the CDC and partner organizations including Rotary International and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. This collaboration is essential to the effort to eradicate polio across the globe. With continued commitment and determination, together we can put an end to this cruel disease.
Kansas is proud to welcome Mars Inc. to Topeka. The 500,000-square-foot facility is the first Mars Chocolate facility built in the United States in 35 years and will bring 200 jobs to Northeast Kansas. I'm excited Mars chose Topeka as its new home, and look forward to enjoying my favorite made-in-Kansas peanut M&M's for years to come.
Yesterday I had the opportunity to visit with parents of children in Kansas Head Start Association programs about the importance of education, particularly learning that takes place at an early age. High-quality early childhood education initiatives focused on the unique needs of students, families and communities foster a child’s development and provide a foundation of skills and good habits.
It was good to visit with members of the Kansas American Legion who are in Washington for the American Legion Conference this week. We discussed the importance of supporting veteran entrepreneurship, the need for physicians in rural communities, and frustration with the Department of Veterans' Affairs' (VA) handling of the claims backlog. Here, I'm pictured with David Thomas of Leavenworth and Elgin Wahlborg of Arkansas City.  David shared his story that he waited an unfathomable 44 years for the VA to accept and recognize his disability claim. I urge the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee to consider legislation I introduced — the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery Act — which delivers veteran service organization-approved measures to improve the VA and to end the claims backlog.
Good morning. I'm about to join Kelly Lenz on WIBW's Kansas Ag Network to discuss yesterday's Senate Appropriations Agriculture Subcommittee Hearing and the conversation I had with U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
Congratulations to Gregg Marshall on his well deserved recognition as national coach of the year and his historic 2013-2014 basketball season at Wichita State.
It was wonderful to catch up with Norcatur, Kansas, native and Cadet Jacob Helm who was in Washington today with members of the American Legion. Jacob and I first got acquainted when I nominated him to the U.S. Air Force Academy in 2010, and it's been a pleasure to stay in touch during his time there. Our country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country through the Armed Forces.
Great article about Toby Rush, founder and CEO of internationally acclaimed EyeVerify, who learned a lot of life lessons growing up farming in Severance, Kansas.
Today the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments in Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. The right of all Americans to exercise our religious beliefs freely is a central founding principle of the United States. The threat to religious liberty caused by federal government overreach should be of concern for all Americans – whether or not they ascribe to a particular faith. I am hopeful the Supreme Court will protect the principle of religious liberty upon which our country was founded.
Happy #NationalAgDay to all who contribute to agriculture in Kansas and across the country. It was great to visit with Kansas State University College of Agriculture students in Washington today about the importance of this industry to our state.  Regardless of our job or where we live, agriculture matters to us. It puts food on our tables, clothes on our back, and the roof above our heads. If we want strong schools, growing businesses and vibrant communities, we must make certain farmers and ranchers in our state have the opportunity to prosper. When agriculture is successful, Kansas is successful.
The buzz about Kansas City as a tech hub and hotbed for startup companies has been echoing on both sides of the Atlantic.
Although I've been rooting on the Wichita State Shockers, I'm about to host a live Q&A on Smoky Hills Public Television. The Q&A will be live-streamed via the website linked below. I encourage you to call 1-800-337-4788 to share feedback on critical issues facing Kansas and the country.
It was good to see folks in Ottawa County today at the Minneapolis VFW. Twenty-five area residents came out to discuss a number of issues impacting their community including access to health care — specifically for veterans — transportation and infrastructure, as well as maintaining their local post office. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
NA
I'll be hosting a live Q&A on Smoky Hills Public Television this evening from 7-8 p.m. CT. I encourage you to watch the livestream via their website or tune in to your local Smoky Hills Public Television station to hear me answer Kansans' questions about critical issues facing our nation. Kansans interested in calling-in to ask questions or share feedback should dial 1-800-337-4788. Details may be found at http://shptv.org/.
It was good to be in The Little Apple today and give Rotary Club members a legislative update on a number or issues including economic development, Fort Riley, FAA Control Towers, the importance of health care in our community and technology. I also had the opportunity to catch up with my friend and K-State Professor Emeritus Barry Flinchbaugh. Dr. Flinchbaugh is a leading authority in agriculture policy. Thanks to Manhattan Chamber President and CEO and Rotarian Lyle Butler for the introduction.
Wednesday, my Kansas Listening Tour continued in Butler County at the El Dorado Chamber of Commerce. More than 50 area residents stopped by to share their thoughts on a broad range of issues affecting Kansans including veterans’ issues, health care, education, border security and infrastructure needs. Here, I'm pictured with Alzheimer's Association Central and Western Division Executive Director Marsha Hills. Thanks to Susie Carson and the chamber for hosting the event.
I enjoyed touring South Central Kansas Medical Center — a 37-bed acute care hospital in Ark City — yesterday. Here, I'm pictured with representatives from Cowley County Community College and the hospital's board of directors. After the tour, we visited about access to health care, as well as the new facility's opening in 2011, which has positively contributed to care for area patients.
Yesterday in Chautauqua County, I met with a dozen area residents in Sedan. We discussed the budget deficit, tax reform, immigration and access to health care. The community is also working on construction of a new library, which will include a storm shelter. Thanks to all the folks who came out and shared a good dose of Kansas common sense.
It was good to be in Montgomery County for a Kansas Listening Tour stop with more than 20 area residents this afternoon. According to the Montgomery County Chronicle, my town hall meeting was the first time in almost 50 years a U.S. Senator had visited Caney. Thanks to all who came out for the interesting discussion covering a variety of topics including health care, EPA regulation, agriculture and banking.
Today at 2:40 p.m. CT, four Army Veterans — two with Kansas ties and two who served in the 1st Infantry Division — will receive the Medal of Honor during a ceremony at the Pentagon's Hall of Heroes.  Much time has passed, but I’m happy to see that First Lieutenant Donald K. Schwab, Sergeant Jack Weinstein, Sergeant Alfred Nietzel and Sergeant Candelario Garcia will receive Presidential attention for their courageous actions while serving our nation. These men are more than deserving of this distinguished honor and will finally receive the recognition they deserve.
On Friday night, I'll be hosting a live Q&A on Smoky Hills Public Television. I encourage you to watch the livestream via their website or tune in to your local Smoky Hills Public Television station to hear me answer Kansans' questions about critical issues facing our nation. Kansans interested in calling-in to ask questions or share feedback should dial 1-800-337-4788. All the details may be found at http://shptv.org/.
This morning, I continued my statewide listening tour in Hays at the Center for Health Improvement. It was great to be back in Hays, and I enjoyed visiting with nearly 40 area residents and friends about a number of issues including access to health care in rural Kansas, the VA claims backlog, aviation and government spending. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
It's a blue, clear sky in Dorrance, Kansas, today. I enjoyed stopping to visit with folks at the Old 40 Bar & Grill, post office, City Hall and Agco Service Station. I'm on my way to Hays for my Kansas Listening Tour Stop tomorrow morning. Details are posted at moran.senate.gov.
NA
It was an honor to get to know Phillip and Heidi Kitts, a Manhattan couple working to make a difference for soldiers suffering from Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). Phillip is admirably dealing with TBI himself and was in Washington, D.C., to share his experience. Phillip served our country with two tours in Iraq and was selected to serve in the elite Old Guard. Heidi dutifully began supporting her husband full-time when his symptoms of TBI started to hinder his daily life. The Kitts are a testament to true service and patriotism — values Kansans and Americans hold dear.  Also accompanying Phillip and Heidi was GallantFew, Inc. Founder Karl Monger. GallantFew is a support network for soldiers and veterans looking to jumpstart their careers and dreams of small business ownership following service to our country.
Today, Bill Gates - co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation - visited my office to discuss initiatives to address poor health and extreme poverty in developing countries, including the Global Polio Eradication Initiative. As a member of Rotary International, I share his strong commitment to ridding the world of this terrible disease. With 99 percent of the work complete – and only a handful of countries in the world still facing endemic polio – now is the time to stay focused. With continued commitment and determination from groups like the Gates Foundation and Rotary International, together we can put an end to polio.
It was good to see old friends and new faces at tonight's Kansas Farm Bureau event. Their organization represents grassroots agriculture and supports farm families who earn their livings in a changing industry. I often tell folks in Washington that we live a special way of life in Kansas, and  I enjoyed being able to visit with so many farmers and ranchers who are committed to and actively involved in preserving agriculture in our state for the next generation. A special thanks to my friend and Kansas Farm Bureau President Steve Baccus who will retire in December after serving the organization for 17 years.
Today, the U.S. Senate unanimously passed a pediatric medical research bill, the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, named for a Virginia fifth-grader who lost her battle with cancer in October. The legislation, which passed the House in December, would shift $126 million in taxpayer dollars from the 2016 and 2020 political party conventions to prioritize research funds to treat and cure pediatric diseases and disorders. The legislation now awaits the President’s signature.  Our nation has long recognized the importance of advancing medical research. Given the vast amount of progress made over the last century — as well as the great potential current research holds — it is important that we continue our commitment to prioritizing funding to advance cures and treatments for diseases. To learn more about Gabriella’s story, click the video link below.
I encourage you to read my weekly e-newsletter, Kansas Common Sense. This week includes stories about supporting veterans benefits and military retirement pay, the VA claims backlog, joining Kansas entrepreneurs at SXSW Interactive and visiting Ellsworth County Medical Center.
Yesterday, CNN reported that in a first-of-its-kind study, researchers developed a blood test to predict whether a healthy person will develop Alzheimer’s disease. It predicted who would get Alzheimer's or mild cognitive impairment with more than 90 percent accuracy. This test is in the preliminary stages, but there is potential it could someday be administered in a doctors’ office to predict the disease. The earlier scientists can predict who will develop Alzheimer’s, the better positioned research efforts will be to treat and prevent it.   The blood test is a step in the right direction, but we must prioritize Alzheimer’s research to improve health outcomes for individuals living with the disease and to lower health care costs. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds the National Institute of Health, I am committed to advancing research to test for, treat and cure this terrible disease.
I enjoyed touring Ellsworth County Medical Center (ECMC) yesterday. ECMC is a Critical Access Hospital that provides general medical and surgical care for inpatient, outpatient and emergency room patients. CEO Roger Masse and I discussed the importance of access to health care in rural America. Access to hospitals and quality health care services determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home and whether their children can return to raise families of their own. I will continue working to preserve the special way of life we enjoy in Kansas by ensuring our rural communities have access to health care.
Thanks to KRSL Radio's General Manager Mike McKenna for allowing me to stop by and visit about my tour of Ellsworth County Medical Center, health care in rural America, the Farm Bill and my town hall meeting in Hays next weekend.
This week the American Israel Public Affairs Committee AIPAC held its annual policy conference in Washington, DC. Nearly 14,000 people attended this event to participate in educational sessions and hear both policy experts and lawmakers speak about issues related to the United States’ relationship with Israel. I had the pleasure of meeting with most of the 80+ people who came out from Kansas. Thanks to all who attended and spoke up to make their voices heard on these important issues.
Mapping out my next Kansas Listening Tour stop—any suggestions? My upcoming town hall meetings are always listed on my website: http://1.usa.gov/1lCDMk2.
This afternoon, the Senate will vote on legislation to prevent military sexual assaults. Protecting those who protect us is of the utmost importance. I support Sen. Gillibrand’s Military Justice Improvement Act, which will further protect individuals from sexual assault, give victims the confidence they need to report crimes, and make certain perpetrators are prosecuted.
Today, I spoke to members of the National Air Transportation Association (NATA), small business owners visiting Washington to promote general aviation. As the largest industry in Kansas, general aviation generates nearly $3 billion in annual exports. In fact, Kansas aviation workers have supplied 75 percent of all general aviation aircraft since the Wright Brothers’ first flight at Kitty Hawk.   When only 10 percent of our nation’s airports have commercial service, general aviation is essential for connecting millions of Americans in rural communities to the rest of the world. It is also integral to agriculture, forestry, disaster relief, rescue and medical evacuation operations, and countless other fields.  Unfortunately, it is a constant battle to correct Washington’s misconceptions and stereotypes about what general aviation is and means to communities across the country. I will continue to fight Washington’s habit of singling out general aviation businesses and consumers for cuts or increased fees as a means to justify more wasteful spending.
It was a pleasure meeting with students from my Alma mater yesterday who are members of Student Senate | University of Kansas. They advocate for their fellow KU students and represent them at the university, state and national levels. I appreciated the opportunity to visit with them about the importance of public service and their interests beyond college. Thanks to Student Body President Marcus Tetwiler and Student Body Vice President Emma Halling for leading this bright group. Other students in Washington representing KU included Government Relations Director Eric Hurrt, Treasurer Michael Graham, Development Director Marquise Paige and Outreach Director Morgan Said.
NA
I enjoyed hearing from Kansas VFW Members this morning about the mounting issues facing veterans, particularly those in Kansas. Health care for veterans through the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) in Kansas continues to be a struggle in underserved and unserved areas of our state. The VA claims backlog and appeal process necessitates a major overhaul. I plan to address this issue later this week in response to the President's 2015 Budget, which was released today. The VFW does so much good in advocacy for our nation’s heroes, and I’m infinitely grateful for what they do. Pictured with me here is Kansas State Commander Lynn Rolf III, Kansas State Sr. Vice Commander Bruce Fischbach, Kansas State Adjunt-Quartermaster Herb Schwartzkopf, National Council Member JT Plummer and VFW Member Charley Shoemaker. #VFWKansas #VFWHill2014
I wish I could be in Liberal, Kansas, today with members of my staff for International Pancake Day. Most people are familiar with Mardi Gras celebrations the day before Lent, but for more than 60 years in Liberal, the day before Lent means it’s Pancake Day. It includes pancake eating and flipping contests, pancake races, a cooking contest and a parade. The main pancake race is a friendly competition between Liberal, Kansas, and Olney, England, where women run down the streets of each town flipping pancakes. Learn more about this event’s history by reading the story linked here: http://www.kansas.com/2014/03/03/3323659/kansas-vs-england-34-women-ready.html.
It was great visiting with Kansas representatives of the National Down Syndrome Society (NDSS) last week. I was especially pleased to meet Tavrick Lawless of Wichita. Tavrick is a high school senior and a self-advocate with Down syndrome. As a member of the Down Syndrome Society of Wichita and a member of the Self-Advocacy Board of NDSS, Tavrick gives presentations to groups who want to learn more about individuals with special needs.    During our visit we also discussed the hearing held Wednesday by the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee on Alzheimer's disease. As Ranking Member of this subcommittee, I had the opportunity to ask Director of the National Institutes of Health Dr. Francis Collins a question about the link between with Down syndrome and Alzheimer’s disease. Studies show that by age 40, almost all individuals with Down syndrome have significant plaques and tangles in their brains, which are abnormal protein deposits considered Alzheimer’s trademarks. But despite the presence of these brain changes, only about half of Down syndrome individuals develop Alzheimer’s symptoms. Here is my discussion with NIH Director Collins: http://bit.ly/1gNa1XJ.
I was pleased my former colleague Rep. Dennis Moore was willing to come to Washington and publicly share his personal insights during last week's Senate appropriations hearing on Alzheimer's disease. Rep. Moore's testimony undoubtedly gave Americans and individuals around the world who have encountered the same circumstance courage and hope. I encourage you to learn more about this important issue by reading the story that appeared in yesterday's Topeka Capital-Journal.
Wichita State Shockers men's basketball continue their winning streak with a 68-45 victory over the Missouri State Bears. Congrats on your 31-0 record! #WatchUs
I enjoyed meeting with college students yesterday from across the state who are interning in Washington, D.C., this semester as part of an intern program through the University of Kansas. It was a pleasure learning about their passions and future plans, and I shared with them how my interest in politics began when I came to Washington as an intern during college.
This program at Ft. Leavenworth is something I've been excited about for a while. The Kauffman Foundation launched FastTrac in 1993 and is celebrating its 20th anniversary this year. In 2011, the foundation began developing a specific curriculum targeted to military veterans - prepping soldiers to become entrepreneurs.
This week, it was good to catch up with Boys & Girls Clubs of America (BGCA) 2013-14 National Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland. Being named the Youth of the Year is an outstanding achievement, and Kiana as well as the Boys and Girls Clubs of South Central Kansas should be extremely proud. Through experiences in organizations like BGCA, our state and country’s next generation of leaders are being equipped with the skills and values necessary to reach their full potential and become successful in life.  Kiana graduated this past May from Wichita Collegiate School and now attends Howard University. She serves as the official BGCA teen spokesperson and advocates for nearly four million Boys & Girls Club youth.
Today, I spoke on the Senate floor to refute Sen. Harry Reid’s statement that Americans with stories of struggle under Obamacare are liars and “all of them are untrue.” I have heard directly from countless Kansans about the devastating effects Obamacare has had on them and their families. Kansans, most assuredly, are not liars. They do not deserve to be called liars by any member of the Senate. Watch my full speech below. 
Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Air Force, and it's an honor to be appointed to serve on the US Air Force Academy Board of Visitors.   I feel privileged each year when I have the opportunity to recommend Kansans for admission to the Academy, and I’m fortunate to be in a position to make certain this institution provides the best possible education and training for the next generation. I also look forward to working with former McConnell Air Force Base 22nd Wing Commander, Lt. Gen. Michelle D. Johnson, who is the Academy's first female superintendent.
I encourage you to read my op-ed in Roll Call about the importance of defeating Alzheimer's disease. We must commit to defeating this devastating disease over the next decade by supporting the critical research carried out by the scientists and researchers across our nation supported by the NIH. The health and financial future of our nation are at stake and the United States cannot afford to ignore such a threat. Together, we can make a sustained commitment to Alzheimer’s research that will benefit our nation and bring hope to future generations of Americans.
Today I questioned my friend former-Congressman Dennis Moore and actor Seth Rogen about their personal experiences with Alzheimer's disease as well as the impact of the devastating disease on Americans - both personal and economic. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States and there is currently no cure, no diagnostic test and no treatment for this terrible disease. We must commit to a national goal to defeat Alzheimer's disease over the next decade by supporting the critical research carried out by the scientists and researchers across our nation supported by the NIH. You can watch some of my conversation with Rep. Moore and Seth below.
Master Sgt. Josh Gavulic, a Derby native and Derby High School graduate, was killed Friday while taking part in a parachute training exercise in Arizona. Master Sgt. Gavulic followed his father’s footsteps and joined the Air Force shortly after high school. He was a decorated special tactics airman who survived 10 deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq. I ask all Kansans to join me in paying tribute to his service and sacrifice, as well as keeping his family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead. 
As a cosponsor of Putting Veterans Funding First Act, I believe it’s far past time to end the gridlock on Capitol Hill and make certain all VA programs, benefits and services receive timely appropriations of funding each year. By doing so, we can modernize the broken VA system and better keep our promises to America’s heroes. To learn more, please take a moment to read this op-ed by Disabled American Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW and American Legion 
I encourage you to tune in to today's Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing at 1 p.m. CT on the rising cost of Alzheimer’s in America. Its witnesses include National Institutes of Health Director Dr. Francis Collins, actor Seth Rogen and former Kansas Congressman Dennis Moore.
Looking for a new job? There are hundreds of employment opportunities in south-central Kansas.
Good news for our Kansas veterans. The Medical Foster Home Program, started in Wichita in 2010, is expanding. Will offer in-home care for disabled veterans in Hutchinson, Salina, and Hays. 
Robba and I had a great evening in Lawrence: KU 85-Texas 54. Good friends; exciting game.
The First Amendment protects free speech and freedom of the press. I am pleased to see the FCC is backing off a study that would seriously impact this important right. Thanks to FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai for his leadership.
Today, I spent time in Hill City, Kansas, at the Graham County Courthouse with 20 area residents for a town hall meeting. We discussed veterans' issues, the Farm Bill, need for health care in rural communities and the debt. Thanks to the folks who came out today and shared a dose of Kansas common sense!
It was good to see nearly 50 Lansing-area residents today on my latest Kansas Listening Tour stop. Folks came out to discuss a variety of issues including access to health care for veterans, energy, the deficit and our broken immigration system. The issues I focus on and work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall meetings. Here, I’m pictured with LTG Rich Keller (Ret.) and high school student Sarah Jane Vandersteen.
I encourage you to read my op-ed in The Daily Caller about restoring public trust in the IRS. Last week, I joined more than 30 of my Senate colleagues in introducing legislation to put a stop to the blatant political targeting at the IRS. The bill would return the IRS standards and definitions to exactly how they were written on Jan. 1, 2010 – the date prior to when the agency’s inappropriate targeting began. Americans have the right to expect the IRS to operate in a fair, apolitical and appropriate manner.
I attended The Rotary Club of Topeka last week, and the program featured the Washburn Rural High School International Baccalaureate Program. After an extensive authorization process in 2012, Washburn Rural was one of six Kansas schools authorized as an International Baccalaureate World School Diploma Programme, and the first class will graduate this year. Here, I'm pictured with the talented Deo Gloria Singers from the Cornerstone Family Homeschool — thanks for the wonderful performance. (Photo courtesy of Ann Leffler Palmer)
Potential movement towards securing the release of captured U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 
Happy Presidents Day
It was good to be in Great Bend, Kansas, last night to visit with nearly 200 farmers and ranchers at the annual Water PACK meeting. I spoke about the Farm Bill as well as the importance of conserving our natural resources for the next generation of Kansans.
As part of National Salute to Veteran Patients Week, Fort Leavenworth soldiers swapped stories with hospitalized veterans at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Veterans Affairs Medical Center. In St. Marys, Patriot Outfitters and the American Red Cross teamed up to host a Holiday Hero Valentine’s Day Party. This week, we honor and express appreciation for veterans' sacrifices as well as encourage citizens to visit those receiving medical care.
I enjoyed visiting Geary County USD 475 elementary schools today. At Westwood Elementary, I read with a 2nd grader as part of the school’s “Rockin’ Readers” program. Then, I made my way to Washington Elementary where I toured the school and had the opportunity to visit with students, faculty and staff. Washington has a military population of about 15 percent, and it’s encouraging to see how the community, Geary County School District and teachers work together to provide a first-rate education for the children of those who serve our nation.
I stopped by the Olathe Chamber of Commerce Coffee yesterday hosted by Olathe Dodge Chrysler Jeep Ram. It was great to see so many folks attending the event to get connected, promote their businesses, and work together to accomplish things for their community. Here, I'm pictured with 2013 Chamber Volunteer of the Year Kathleen Saunders. Thanks to the staff at Olathe Dodge Chrysler Jeep Ram for hosting the coffee.
This week, I had the opportunity to visit with leadership at several Kansas community colleges — including Dodge City Community College, Hutchinson Community College, Johnson County Community College, Kansas City Kansas Community College, Pratt Community College and Seward County Community College/Area Technical School — to learn more about the issues impacting their institutions. They were in Washington for the Association of Community College Trustees’ 2014 National Legislative Summit.  As a member of the Senate Appropriations education subcommittee, which has authority over the budget of the U.S. Department of Education, these conversations are critical to helping me assess how the Department’s higher education initiatives are serving Kansas students and colleges.
Today, I voted to restore the Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees that was unfairly included in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. We must keep our promise to those who served our nation with duty and honor.
President Obama has once again asked Congress to abdicate responsibility and raise the debt limit without a serious plan to reduce our national debt. Enough is enough. I will not vote to increase the debt limit. I cannot support continuing the pattern of fiscal irresponsibility that has become the norm in Washington.  When Kansas families and businesses reach their credit limit, they don’t get an automatic increase to keep on spending. They cut back and adjust their budget. Each time Congress raises the debt ceiling without substantial reductions in spending, it is a dangerous threat to job creation, economic growth and our children’s ability to pursue the American Dream. The time to correct our failures is now. The consequences of failing to tackle our debt crisis will be far greater than failing to raise the debt ceiling.
I encourage you to read my weekly e-newsletter, #KansasCommonSense via the link below. This week, it includes updates on the 2014 Farm Bill, last week's CBO report on Obamacare, my Brietbart op-ed on the U.N. ATT, and visits back in Kansas.
Best wishes to Kansas cattle rancher Katie Uhlaender as she competes in the Sochi 2014 Winter Games. Katie is on the USA Bobsled & Skeleton Team and will compete Thursday and Friday. I encourage you to learn more about her story and love for farming and ranching via the link below.
Today, we heard news of yet another Obamacare delay of the employer mandate, but the President continues to ignore the reality of how damaging Obamacare is for American individuals and families. This Administration can’t delay away the devastating effects of his law. Following the report last week from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office confirming that his signature legislative accomplishment is causing even more damage to our economy than previously forecasted, the President is again acting without Congress to unilaterally change the law in order to give Democrats political cover in an election season.    Obamacare’s problems run much deeper than a poorly-functioning website and badly-executed implementation. The true issue is the flawed underlying basis for the provisions of the law: the idea that the government must determine what coverage is acceptable for Americans, regardless of what Americans want for themselves. I believe the entire law should be repealed to protect individuals, families and businesses from the disasters created by Obamacare. We must replace it with practical reforms that are workable and will actually reduce health care costs.
It was good to be back in Kansas for the weekend and make stops in Sedgwick, Saline, Jewell, Smith and Phillips Counties.   I attended chamber meetings in Wichita and Salina and learned about the challenges businesses are facing due to federal regulations. As a member of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, it was very useful for me to visit Smith County Memorial and talk with health care providers to learn more about how they utilize resources to care for patients, many of which are spread across large areas. I also hosted town hall meetings in Randall and Agra as part of my Kansas Listening Tour. Thanks for the feedback and dose of Kansas common sense.
This past December, I sponsored legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the “Monuments Men,” a group of approximately 350 men and women from 13 countries who are credited with preserving, protecting and restoring millions of pieces of artwork, sculptures and other cultural artifacts in Europe during World War II. The movie release of The Monuments Men today profiles their stories and missions to protect structures — such as churches, museums and monuments — from destruction of war. These brave men and women are truly unsung heroes of World War II.  Kansas’ own President Dwight D. Eisenhower supported these efforts by ordering his commanders to safeguard the treasures because “inevitably, in the path of our advance will be found historical monuments and cultural centers which symbolize to the world all that we are fighting to preserve.”
It was good to visit with members of the Kansas Association of School Boards this week about the impact of federal policies on K-12 education in Kansas. Flexibility at both the state and local levels is vital to enabling our educators to address the unique learning needs of students. Congress should work to make sure federal policies don’t restrict ingenuity, responsiveness and development in our schools.
This week, I enjoyed meeting with Baker University(Official) President Pat Long who announced last year she will be retiring in June. President Long has served as Baker University President since 2006, and has the distinction of being the university’s first female president.  Higher education helps students reach their full potential in their careers and beyond, and Baker has a great track record in preparing students to be successful in their careers — a significant majority of whom enjoy that success in Kansas.  I will continue to do what I can to make sure that federal policy does not intrude upon the good things happening at Kansas colleges and universities.
Please take a moment to read my column today on Breitbart.com on the action Congress recently took to make certain the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty will not be implemented without ratification. The House and Senate have made it unequivocally clear that Congress is committed to upholding the fundamental individual rights of Americans and rejects the U.N. ATT. We will not be bound by the treaty and we will not fund its implementation.
Yesterday in Nashville, my friends Glenn and Elaine Mull, their daughter Amy Harter and granddaughter Samantha Harter were killed in a plane crash during a landing attempt. Glenn was a devoted husband, father and grandfather. Both he and his wife Elaine were well-known for their generous spirit and commitment to improving Pawnee County. Robba and I ask all Kansans to join us in keeping their family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.  I also encourage you to read the heartfelt tribute to their family from a complete stranger and resident of the community within Nashville where the plane crashed.
Today, the Congressional Budget Office reported that the Affordable Care Act will take a greater toll on the workforce than originally estimated. CBO estimates that, by 2021, 2.3 million full-time workers will find themselves out of work because of the ACA. Federal policies should foster job growth and economic expansion rather than forcing employers to cut jobs and working hours for employees.
With winter weather looming, I encourage you to visit http://www.kandrive.org to monitor Kansas road conditions. Travel safely!
Today's release of the Final Environmental Impact Statement of the Keystone XL Pipeline should bring us one step closer to moving this job-creating, domestic energy-producing project forward. Despite the Administration’s continued reluctance to approve this necessary project, the overwhelming majority Americans agree that we should proceed immediately. After five years of delay by the White House, President Obama is out of excuses. His decision should not be about special interests, it should be about the energy security of our country and job creation. 
This morning, the Veterans Health Administration’s (VHA) announced that today it will halt emergency room services at the Colmery-O’Neil VA Medical Center until the current physician shortage is remedied by the Department of Veterans’ Affairs (VA). Veterans who have served our nation with duty and honor deserve access to quality health care when they need it. Because Kansas is a rural state, many of our veterans are already forced to travel long distances to visit a VA hospital. Now, Topeka veterans are losing access to the emergency care services they could need at any moment. This is outrageous. It is far past time for Secretary Shinseki and the VA to do their job. I have asked time and again about their failure to address the tremendous shortage of VA physicians, nurse practitioners and physician assistants. It is causing a new VA backlog – a backlog of our nation’s heroes who are not receiving the health care they need. The news today reaffirms my commitment to making certain the VA provides answers and takes action.
On January 29, 1861, Kansas was founded on the ideals of freedom and individual responsibility. We have much to be proud of – from our rich heritage, to our talented leaders, to our diverse industries. Happy 153rd birthday to the great state of Kansas. I believe even brighter days lie ahead, and will work hard to make certain we leave behind a stronger, freer and more prosperous state and nation for the next generation.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation is hosting a job fair next week in Wichita, Kansas. As our country honors service members and veterans who have sacrificed so much for our nation, we must also make certain they are afforded the freedoms and opportunities they helped to preserve.
Today, I joined Senator Roy Blunt and a bipartisan group of 15 senators and 71 representatives to fight for Americans’ First Amendment rights by filing an amicus brief to the U.S. Supreme Court regarding Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius. The U.S. Supreme Court announced that it will hear oral arguments on March 25, 2014, in two cases challenging the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services mandate.  Since our nation’s earliest days, the U.S. Supreme Court has consistently affirmed our First Amendment right to exercise our religious beliefs freely. This threat to religious liberty caused by federal government overreach should be of concern for all Americans – whether or not they ascribe to a particular faith. I urge the Supreme Court to protect the principle of religious liberty upon which our country was founded.
Today, the U.S. Department of Transportation announced that Southwest Airlines will temporarily operate a route from Kansas City International Airport to Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport beginning Feb. 1. This seamless transition following Frontier’s departure is very good news for Kansas City and air travelers in Kansas. Maintaining access to air service is essential to connecting Kansas businesses to the rest of the country.
I had the honor of helping present the 2013 Wichita Aero Club Trophy to Cessna Chairman Emeritus Russ Meyer on Saturday. For nearly 40 years, Russ was considered by many to be the “face” of Wichita’s aviation industry. As the CEO of Cessna Aircraft Company for more than 25 years, Russ was instrumental in the company’s significant growth and success. Russ not only led Cessna to new heights, but his leadership as the chairman of the General Aviation Manufacturers Association has been regarded as the most far-reaching and effective in the history of general aviation. But if you ask Russ about his greatest accomplishments and passions in life, chances are, he will talk about his ongoing work in the Wichita community and his role as a husband, father and grandfather. Congrats again to Russ on this incredible achievement.
Big crowd this evening supporting Holy Family Elementary School in Hays for the soup and sandwich supper. This week is National Catholic Schools Week, an annual celebration of Catholic education and its contributions to our communities and nation.
Today, I held another Kansas Listening Tour stop in Cheney. More than 75 folks stopped by to discuss executive branch overreach, veteran and military issues, over burdensome regulations, and the need for Republicans and Democrats to work together. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas Common Sense. Here, I'm pictured with Cheney native and American Legion member Alan Nye.
In advance of President Obama’s State of the Union Address next Tuesday, today I pressed the president to deliver a long-overdue answer on the Keystone XL pipeline. The Obama Administration’s five-year review has taken more than twice as long as it will take to build the pipeline. We need a safe and efficient system to transport crude oil in this country, and the Keystone XL pipeline is a vital piece of the puzzle. It would create a significant number of private-sector jobs without any cost to American taxpayers. In fact, the Department of State estimates the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline could support 42,000 jobs across the country.   Unemployed Americans with the skills to construct this important project should not be forced to wait any longer. It is time to put Americans to work and provide an opportunity to grow local, state and national economies while taking a vital step toward energy security.
I was pleased to see that critical military retirement benefits were restored with the passage of the Omnibus Appropriations Bill last week. The Omnibus corrected reductions irresponsibly included in the Budget Act of 2013. Unfortunately, this measure does not protect all veterans and their families from a decreased cost-of-living (COLA) benefit. Along with 20 of my Senate Colleagues, I’m sponsoring legislation — Keeping Our Promise to Our Military Heroes Act (S. 1869) — to restore the benefits to military retirees that were reduced in the budget deal. We must continue to work on behalf of our retired service members who were promised these benefits.
This week, I enjoyed visiting with Kansas State Farm Insurance agents about several legislative attempts pending in Congress that would more appropriately regulate the insurance industry. Thanks to State Farm Public Affairs Specialist Tamara O’Conner for the invitation to meet with the agents.
America’s veterans have fought tyrants and terrorists to keep our country safe and secure. Yet even after they return home from war, veterans continue to fight battles. As of November 2013, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that 241,000 veterans of post-9/11 wars were out of work. This month, the tech industry is working with Monster Worldwide and the Northern Virginia Technology Council to help end veteran unemployment. Their partnership, USTechVets.org, is an online community that aims to be the largest collection of veteran job candidates and technology industry jobs. Learn more about this unique partnership via the link below.
This is just one example of a growing problem across federal agencies. As more and more data is stored and transferred electronically, government must prioritize the security of your personal information.
I am extremely proud of the students from Benedictine College in Atchison, Kansas, who led tens-of-thousands of abortion opponents today as they kicked off the annual March for Life in Washington, D.C. The passion of these students speaks volumes for their generation as they advocate for the inherent dignity of every human life, especially life in its most innocent form. The right to life is fundamental and deserves our protection. I am grateful for the many Kansas students and chaperones who made the 48-hour bus ride to Washington and braved freezing temperatures to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves.
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Past Chairs and Government Affairs Committee. We discussed a myriad of topics including infrastructure funding, regulatory reform, reducing the deficit, entrepreneurship and fiscal responsibility. I appreciated their input, and will continue working to create an environment where their businesses can succeed. Pictured with me here (left to right) is Chairman of the Board Jim Holland, Government Affairs Chair Tom Robinett, President Tracey Osborne and Vice President of Government Affairs Jennifer Bruning.
On Sunday, I visited with Eric Shawn on Fox News Channel about the latest in a series of delays, miscalculations and policy shifts by the President on Obamacare – this time, it’s a delay to the ban on discriminatory health benefits.   The White House continues to undercut its message that it’s beginning to turn around the disastrous rollout of the health care law. Why does the President continue to delay all of these various components of the law except the most important one: the individual mandate? If the law is not ready, which the President points out every time he delays another provision, than individuals should not be penalized for not signing up for a clearly flawed system.  I also addressed President Obama’s disturbing insistence on altering his signature piece of legislation without consulting Congress. In high school government class, we were taught that it is the Executive Branch that enforces the law, but it is Congress, the legislative branch, that enacts the law.
I enjoyed speaking at the Spring Hill Chamber of Commerce luncheon yesterday. Conversations with chamber members included a variety of topics such as the Omnibus appropriations bill, reducing regulatory burdens, and how to grow the economy and create jobs. Pictured here is Spring Hill High School Social Studies Teacher Nacole Boan and her students who visited with me about education issues. Thanks to Spring Hill Chamber Executive Director Ann Jensen for invitation.
Taking time today to reflect on the accomplishments, words and vision of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. His leadership in the fight for equal civil rights in America was remarkable and remains an inspiration across the globe.
Today at 11:10 a.m. CT I'll be joining Fox News' Eric Shawn to discuss Obamacare. I encourage you to tune in.
Tomorrow in the 11 a.m. CT hour I'll be joining Fox News' Eric Shawn to discuss Obamacare. I encourage you to tune in.
Post-game, Robba and I enjoyed visiting with Wichita State Men's Basketball star player Ron Baker from Scott City. Wishing Ron and this undefeated team the best as the season continues.
Congrats to Wichita State Men's Basketball Coach Gregg Marshall and the Shockers for the 68-48 win over Indiana State. They remain undefeated with a 19-0 record. Proud to be one of the 10,506 fans there rooting them on!
It’s halftime as the undefeated Wichita State Men's Basketball Team leads the Indiana State Sycamores 31-22. Go Shockers! #WatchUs #GoShox
It is deeply disturbing and alarming that the Senate Select Intelligence Committee determined the attack on the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi on September 11, 2012, could have been prevented.  We can categorically say that the State Department and Obama Administration did not do enough to protect Americans who were at risk in a deteriorating security environment.  Neither the consulate nor the U.S. military in Libya were equipped to prevent the attack and tragedy that occurred that day.
It’s great to see the undefeated Wichita State Men's Basketball Team ranked 5th in the national AP poll this week. I look forward to seeing them continue their streak tomorrow when they take on the Indiana State Sycamores at the Roundhouse. #WatchUs #GoShox 
Nearly twenty years ago, my friend Tom Coburn felt called to leave his life as a private citizen in selfless service to the people of Oklahoma. Dr. Coburn brought refreshing honesty, decency and determination with him to Washington. Every Senator, regardless of party, has found themselves inspired by Dr. Coburn's principled leadership and tireless efforts on behalf of hard working taxpayers in Oklahoma and across the country.   I am blessed to call Tom one of my closest friends, and I am grateful for the counsel he has offered me over the years – from difficult decisions in the Senate to our weekly Bible Study. His spirit of courage and common sense builds upon our founding fathers’ vision for America. Tom has set a strong example of what it truly means to make the tough choices necessary today, so that tomorrow – and every day thereafter – our children and grandchildren can live in an America that provides them the opportunity to dream big and pursue those dreams.  I know I speak for my colleagues and all Oklahomans when I say we are grateful for Tom Coburn. He continues to embody Oklahoma’s motto, ‘Labor conquers all things,’ and we are fortunate to have one more year with his fearless voice in the Senate. When he retires in 2015, Tom will truly be missed, but we take heart knowing that our loss is his family's gain.
Given the Administration’s misrepresentations regarding the readiness of the Obamacare health insurance Exchange, I am extremely concerned about the security of Americans’ personal information in the Exchange. Testimony recently submitted to the House highlights the “shameful” and “minimal” state of privacy and data safeguards built into the Exchange website.  White House opposition to a bill I sponsored last week, the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act, which has passed the House by a wide bipartisan margin, is also very concerning.  Americans deserve to know if the Administration is unwilling to take the necessary steps to adequately secure their private information when using the Exchange website.
Governor Sam Brownback discussed NBAF in his State of the State address last night. Thanks to his leadership and the state's continued support, Kansas will become a research epicenter. The construction of NBAF — a modern, world-class facility — will ultimately create jobs for Kansans providing more opportunities for the talented young men and women who grow up here.
A small victory for rural communities like ours in western Kansas. This legislation makes certain veterinarians are equipped with the tools they need, and is particularly important for those who work in rural ares, conduct field research or respond to emergency situations.
Last night, the Senate passed legislation offered by Senator Roberts and I to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan Lieutenant General Richard “Dick” Seitz. The legislation designates the Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.” The clinic provides primary care, behavioral health, personal care, laboratory, prescriptions and psychiatry services for veterans. I’m grateful for Dick's commitment to serving Junction City and am delighted that his country is naming this clinic in his honor.
Today around 10:45 a.m. CT, I'll join Agri Talk's Mike Adams to discuss the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility's funding in the Omnibus appropriations bill, as well as what that means for Kansas and the nation. I encourage you to tune in or listen live. 
I am pleased with the progress to restore critical and deserved benefits to our nation’s heroes, correcting benefit reductions irresponsibly included in the Budget Act of 2013. This measure included in the Omnibus bill does not, however, protect all veterans and their families from a decreased cost-of-living (COLA) benefit. We must continue to work on behalf of our retired service members who were promised these benefits.
The Omnibus bill that the Senate and House will vote on this week includes language that prohibits any funding of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty unless it is ratified by the U.S. Senate. At least 50 Senators stand with me in strong opposition to the treaty. Last fall, the Obama Administration’s signed the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty in a direct dismissal of the American people and the bipartisan Senate majority that rejects the ATT. Throughout this process, it has been disturbing to watch the Administration reverse U.S. policies, abandon its own ‘red line’ negotiation principles, admit publicly the treaty’s dangerous ambiguity, and hastily review the final treaty text. With the passage of the Omnibus bill, it will be made unequivocally clear that Congress is committed to upholding the fundamental individual rights of Americans and rejects the ATT. We will not be bound by the treaty and we will not fund its implementation.
This morning around 7:10 a.m. CT, I'll join Steve and Ted on KNSS Radio to discuss the Omnibus appropriations bill and my upcoming town hall meeting in Cheney, Kansas. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
As a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations, I am pleased that the Omnibus appropriations bill filed tonight includes $404 million for construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) in Manhattan. For those who have questioned whether NBAF will be built in Kansas, the passage of this funding bill will provide a clear answer: yes. This investment means Kansas will become a research epicenter, and the construction of this modern, world-class facility will ultimately create jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology. The talented young men and women who grow up here will have more opportunities to work and live in Kansas.
Had a great time on Friday at my townhall meeting in Osborne. More than 65 people of all ages showed up to talk about ways to reduce federal spending, growing the economy and reducing unemployment, the farm bill, school lunch programs and more. It was nice having a group of Osborne high school seniors and their government class teacher Melissa Nech join. Thanks to the old friends who attended, others who introduced themselves and all who shared their opinions and suggestions.
The government continues to spend tax dollars on the new health care law's problematic implementation, but the Obama administration refuses to provide a true account of how money is being spent or how the website is performing. Given their previous misrepresentations about the Affordable Care Act and its implementation, I am extremely concerned about the security of Americans’ personal information in the Exchanges. To help address this, I've sponsored two bills that would increase transparency surrounding Obamacare’s implementation and help address the serious privacy and data security concerns.  The Exchange Information Disclosure Act (S. 1590) would require the Obama Administration to disclose detailed information about the performance of the new government health insurance Exchange website, HealthCare.Gov.    The Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act (S. 1902), would increase the Administration’s responsibility for safeguarding personal information of Exchange users in response to growing security concerns about the website.   These Senate bills aim to protect Americans and provide more transparency to the public. Yesterday, the House of Representatives passed its own version of (S. 1902) with broad bipartisan support. I will report back to you on how these bill progress in the Senate.
I am saddened by the passing of Israeli statesman Ariel Sharon. His many years of leadership and service to his country helped Israel navigate many challenges.
More than 50 people turned out to yesterday's townhall meeting in Beloit. Topics discussed included healthcare, the Federal Reserve and its new Chairwoman, and ideas on how to reduce the national debt. Thanks to all who attended and for sharing your thoughts, suggestions, and ideas.
Thanks to all who turned out for the town hall meeting in Salina yesterday. I appreciate all the comments, questions, and concerns about the Farm Bill, OSHA regulations, Obamacare.
Sonny Zetmeir was a person with such optimism and so engaged in improving the lives of others. The community of Parsons lost one of their greatest champions when Sonny passed away. His humor and selflessness truly made an indelible impact on the community.
I have some good news to report out of the U.S. Senate - the passage of a bill I introduced called the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act. It's a step in the right direction for the licensed practitioners who help ensure public safety and care for animals in Kansas and across the country. By legalizing the transportation and dispensation of controlled substances, this legislation makes certain veterinarians are equipped with the tools they need, and is particularly important for practitioners who work in rural areas, conduct research or respond to emergency situations.
Our country has historically been a place where regardless of one’s background, success can be achieved through hard work. That ability to move up the ladder is economic mobility. It is important because it helps create a dynamic society where individuals can reach their full potential. Economic mobility should be no more partisan an idea than the American Dream itself.  Yesterday, I spoke with The Wall Street Journal's Damian Paletta about the importance of improving economic mobility in our country. There are different views, different philosophies about how to allow everybody an opportunity to move upward on the economic scale, and so there are legitimate philosophical and policy differences. That’s to be expected in a diverse democracy like ours. But we ought to do everything we can to avoid this being the political show that is trying to categorize Republicans and Democrats in ways that is only useful for partisanship. I encourage you to read more via the link below.
As I continue my Kansas Listening Tour across the state, I encourage you to visit my website, moran.senate.gov, to see my upcoming stops.   The video below highlights my 1000th Town Hall meeting in Marion. The reality is I enjoy hosting town hall meetings — I think this is the way Democracy should work. Much of what I know and the issues I focus on in our nation’s capital are based on these conversations with Kansans.
Today, the Department of Defense announced they awarded a $16 million grant to Geary County USD 475 to replace Fort Riley Elementary School. Funding for a new Ft. Riley Elementary School is a great way to kick off the new year. The Kansas Delegation has been working to address the overcrowding and overall condition of Fort Riley's schools, which are well-beyond capacity. The Junction City, Kansas, community and the Geary County School District have accommodated for population growth at Ft. Riley, so it’s encouraging to see the federal government carry out its commitment and prioritize education for the children of those who serve our nation.
It was good to catch up with the Kansas Ag Network's Greg Akagi yesterday and visit about a number of issues as we kick off 2014. Our discussion covered the status of the Farm Bill, why I voted against the Murray-Ryan Budget plan, as well as the upcoming omnibus bill and my work on the Senate Appropriations Committee. We also discussed the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility and the debt ceiling. A good New Year’s Resolution for Congress would be to work together to address the overall fiscal issue our country faces. I encourage you to listen to our conversation via the link below.
USDA has agreed to enact permanent changes to the National School Lunch and Breakfast Program in response to a request I submitted along with several of my Senate colleagues, including Pat Roberts. This decision is good news for parents, school budgets and food suppliers. Unfunded mandates like this one were making it even harder for schools to provide healthy meals to our kids. School lunch program decisions should be made in schools at the local level – not mandated by the government in Washington, D.C.
This week I spoke with Wendell Goler on Fox News Channel about the Administration's refusal to provide straightforward answers to questions about the costs of implementing the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The President continues to change this flawed health care law when it’s politically expedient without any input from Congress, and without oversight of the taxpayer dollars being spent.    It is telling that the President now classifies his law as a “hardship” for many due to the cost increases it has triggered. The President’s decision to waive Obamacare rules for some while forcing others to purchase more expensive insurance products that they may not need or want is irrational. I am hopeful that President Obama will soon realize that we must work together in order to truly improve health care in our country – and it is becoming increasingly clear the Affordable Care Act is not the way to do it.
Tomorrow at 6 a.m. CT, I'm joining Kansas Ag Network's Greg Akagi to discuss the 2014 outlook for agriculture. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
It was good to round out the year in WaKeeney this morning on another Kansas Listening Tour stop. Forty folks from around the area turned out to share concerns and give feedback on health care, the farm bill, education, new voting rules in the Senate and wind energy.
This week, I joined U.S. Senator Mike Johanns and 40 other U.S. Senate Colleagues in calling on U.S. Department of Labor Secretary Tom Perez who oversees the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) to stop its unlawful regulation of family farms.  Since 1976, Congress has exempted small, family-run farms from OSHA regulations, but in a 2011 memo OSHA asserted that on-farm grain storage and handling was not part of farm operations. The memo essentially expanded OSHA’s regulatory scope to nearly every farm in the country without going through the established rule making process that allows Congressional review and public comment, in defiance of the law.  This is not the first time this administration has proved that Washington’s values are not rural America’s values through regulatory over-reach into the family farm. I am committed to working with my colleagues to protect the individual rights of farmers and make certain OSHA does not continue to misinterpret the law.
Today I toured the hospital and discussed health care with the dedicated administrators, doctors and nurses at Sheridan County Hospital. There are many unique challenges in rural Kansas, but these folks work hard to make certain quality care is provided to area residents. Thanks again for the informative visit.
#KansasCommonSense: Happy New Year!, Kansas Listening Tour continues, Obamacare exemptions and delays, thanks to fall/winter interns, and more.
Great to be driving across Kansas early this morning. Wishing everyone a safe New Year's Eve and the best in 2014.
This morning on a Kansas Listening Tour Stop in Grandview Plaza, Kansas, folks stopped by to discuss the budget agreement, veteran and military issues, my plan for health care, education, the local water district, highway funding, and the need for Republicans and Democrats to work together. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas Common Sense and for the great breakfast served by Stacy's Restaurant.
It was good to visit with folks in Waterville, Kansas, this morning on another Kansas Listening Tour Stop. We discussed issues facing Kansas and our nation including the importance of finishing a Farm Bill, health care and keeping rural communities alive and well.  Thanks to Pam White, LueAnn Roepke and Sandy Harding of the The Weaver Hotel for hosting us.
Today, Robba and I wish you and your families a very Merry Christmas. We will also take time to remember the families of the servicemen and women not able to be with their loved ones today as they serve on our behalf.
Today, Robba and I watched the nationally-ranked KU Jayhawks defeat the Georgetown Hoyas at Allen Fieldhouse by a score of 86 to 64. It was another great experience at that historic venue in Lawrence. I wish the Jayhawks the best of luck as their season continues. Here is the singing of the National Anthem with the color guard giving honors.
Last night I spoke on the Senate floor in tribute to six soldiers, including five based at Ft. Riley, who were killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan this week. In just a few short days, families will gather around dining room tables across our nation to celebrate the holidays. In the instance of these six families, there will be an empty chair at the Christmas table. For those of us who are Christians, we celebrate Christmas as the arrival of the Prince of Peace, and I would ask that we have peace in our land, peace in our world, and no more wars. And I would ask that these families find peace knowing that their son, their husband, their father – they sacrificed for something more important than life itself; they sacrificed for others. May they find peace in knowing what worthy lives their loved ones lived.
Congrats to the new Kansas Assistant Secretary of Agriculture Jake Worcester who was previously an intern in my office. Ensuring the future of Kansas’ agriculture industry is one of my top priorities in the Senate, and I’m pleased to see such a  capable individual tasked with doing the same for our state.
Today, I learned that five of the six soldiers who were killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan on Monday were based at Ft. Riley. Americans will be forever indebted to these brave soldiers who laid down their lives for our country. With the holidays just around the corner, I’m grateful for the blessings these brave men afforded us with their service to our country. I ask all Kansans to join me in remembering their families, friends and the Ft. Riley community in our thoughts and prayers.
Last night I voted against passage of the Ryan-Murray budget plan, which is partially paid for by decreasing military retiree benefits, including wounded warriors. We must do better for our men and women in uniform who have already sacrificed so much.
I encourage you to watch the video linked below, which was created by the Fort Leavenworth School District and focuses on students who have parents serving our country in the military. It’s a good reminder to thank the families who sacrifice so much in support of the servicemen and women protecting our freedom.
I encourage you to watch the video below, which highlights my 1000th Town Hall Meeting in Marion, Kansas.  The reality is I enjoy hosting town hall meetings—I think this is the way Democracy should work. Much of what I know and the issues I focus on in our nation’s capital are based on conversations I have with Kansans. I very much appreciate the judgment and common sense I garner from town hall meetings. Thanks to all who joined me in Marion.
I appreciate the efforts of Rep. Paul Ryan and Sen. Patty Murray to work together in an attempt to get our spending under control. Unfortunately, the final agreement falls far short of making the meaningful spending reforms we need to address our out-of-control debt and deficit.  The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 replaces sequester spending cuts with a spending increase of $63 billion over two years, split between defense and non-defense programs. This increased spending is paid for through increased aviation fees, changes in retirement pay for the Armed Forces, and the promise of future mandatory spending reductions – much of which will take place a decade from now.  What remains missing from this agreement is a genuine effort to address the real cause of our debt problems: mandatory spending. As long as the solvency and unfunded liabilities of Social Security and Medicare remain ignored in favor of minor tweaks to discretionary spending, our budget crisis will never go away.  While I didn't vote for sequestration, the reality is it forced Washington to acknowledge the hard truth of our spending and set budget caps. It is disappointing to see Congress change the law to increase spending now while delaying further spending cuts until many years in the future. With the national debt soaring above $17 trillion, we should not allow ourselves to – yet again – postpone responsible fiscal policy.
I encourage you to listen to the story I shared on the U.S. Senate Floor of a retired Kansas teacher facing real-world, negative impacts of Obamacare.  This has been a very difficult time for many, many Americans and it’s difficult for me as somebody who wants to be able to help Kansans with their problems. Surely we can develop a policy, a program to care for Americans without doing damage to people who already have insurance.
#KansasCommonSense: Kansas Listening Tour continues in Marshall and Trego Counties, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, Kansans face higher premiums due to Obamacare, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act, and more.
We are grateful for the law enforcement officials who kept individuals, including many Kansans, safe today. This incident is a reminder that we must remain vigilant and reaffirm our commitment to protecting this country and its ideals from those who wish to do us harm.
Today, I announced my 2013 Service Academy Nominees. Thanks to all who applied and interviewed for admission to U.S. Service Academies. Americans are fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country in the Armed Forces. Each of these nominees will do great things for Kansas and for our country.
#KansasCommonSense: Kansas Listening Tour continues in Jefferson and Jackson Counties, insisting on accountability from the Administration on Obamacare costs, fourth anniversary of Alan Gross’ arrest in Cuba, visiting Shawnee Mission West High School, and more.
Congrats to the new Kansas Department of Agriculture Secretary Jackie McClaskey. Ensuring the future success of Kansas’ agriculture industry is one of my top priorities in the Senate, and I’m pleased to see such a capable individual tasked with doing the same for our state.
Today at 1:25 p.m. CT I'll join Fox News' Gretchen Carlson to discuss my insistence on holding the Administration accountable regarding the real costs of implementing the Affordable Care Act (ACA) health insurance Exchange.  On October 24, I asked the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) for a specific accounting of the funds spent on the federal Exchange established by Obamacare. Incredibly, six weeks have passed without any answers. The Department must be accountable for its use of taxpayer funds – especially when these funds have and continue to be spent without the consent of the Congress’ appropriations committees. It is extremely important that Americans have a full understanding of the costs associated with implementing the federal Exchange, addressing the technical “glitches” that have plagued the system for months, and the cost effects of the numerous delays relating to the ACA’s implementation.
After losing a long battle with cancer, my friend Charlie Hostetler of Manhattan passed away over the weekend. Charlie was a successful banker and businessman, a former Kansas Board of Regents Member, a former Riley County GOP Chairman, and a generous supporter of Kansas State University and Manhattan philanthropic organizations. Charlie’s wife, Julie, as well as his family and friends are in my thoughts during this difficult time.
Today marks 72 years since the attack on Pearl Harbor, but the values and resilient American spirit embodied by our greatest generation live on. A couple years ago I helped honor two Kansas Pearl Harbor veterans at the Robert J. Dole VA Medical Center who waited decades to receive their war medals. One of those veterans was Paul Aschbrenner who passed away earlier this year. The other veteran is Arthur Dunn, one of the few living links in Kansas to that “date which will live in infamy."
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour today in both Jefferson and Jackson Counties. In Jefferson County, I met with residents at Kendall State Bank to discuss the Farm Bill, community banking regulations, as well as 2nd Amendment and health care issues. Thanks to Gary Coleman for allowing me to use the Kendall State Bank facility, and to Mayor Charlie Stutesman and Rep. Ramon Gonzalez for attending.
It was great to tour Hays Medical Center this week and visit with staff. Nothing at HaysMed is ever status quo. They are always looking for the next step—how do we provide better service, how do we provide more service, how do we take care of another set of patients. HaysMed continues to work to improve its practices and serve its patients, and it was helpful for me to see that firsthand. Thanks to HaysMed President/CEO Dr. John Jeter for the informative tour.
Nelson Mandela lived a truly amazing life of struggle, triumph and achievement. His work and inspiring spirit shaped humanity for the better.
It was a pleasure to tour Shawnee Mission West High School this week with Principal Dr. Julie Crain, Junior Grace Yialouris and Senior Alex Rowe. This year, Shawnee Mission West was included on Newsweek’s list of America’s Best High Schools. The list includes 2,000 public high schools across the nation that have proven most effective in turning out college-ready grads. Thanks for the warm welcome.
For four years, Alan Gross, an American citizen, has been unjustly detained and punished by the Cuban government. I encourage you to watch his wife Judy’s interview which aired on CNN last night. She tells Alan’s story and explains her ongoing fight to get President Obama to take action to bring her husband home.
Today marks the fourth anniversary of Alan Gross’s arrest in Cuba. For four years, Alan has been unjustly detained and punished for seeking to help a small, peaceful, non-dissident Jewish community access the Internet. I have not yet had the privilege to meet Alan, but I know his wife Judy, and my heart is filled with a great sadness knowing the pain Judy, Alan and their family have endured these past four years.  While their suffering continues, they are not alone in their fight for family and for justice. The United States Senate has made clear its wish that Alan be immediately released and allowed to return home to the United States. This is the sense of both the body and the citizens it represents – the wish of the American people.   Today I reiterate this call to President Obama, asking him to do everything he can to deliver Alan from his state of detention in Cuba. This is about freedom, and family, and an American son. It’s well past time for Alan to return to the United States. I look forward with great anticipation to meeting Alan and welcoming him home. Let us not tire in our efforts until that day when Alan is free and his family is reunited.
Today, I held my last Kansas Listening Tour stop of the week in Morris County at the community building in Dwight. This was my 1,003rd town hall and each conversation I have with Kansans impacts the decisions I make in Washington, D.C. Attendees asked about a variety of issues including Obamacare, rural development and the Farm Bill.
This weekend, people around the country began shopping for the holidays. This season is always a much-needed boost to retail businesses, especially for small businesses — the backbone of our economy. If you're out shopping today, Small Business Saturday, I encourage you to support small businesses to help fuel the economy. But I also hope folks will continue supporting their Main Street businesses throughout the year. Shopping local is a great way to say thanks to the business owners and employees who strengthen our communities.
Today, I held another Kansas Listening Tour stop at the Tasty Pastry Bakery & Coffee Shop in Clay Center. This was my 1,002nd town hall, and every conversation I have with Kansans at these events helps me to make commonsense decisions in Washington, D.C.   The more than 25 attendees asked about a variety of issues that concern our state on the federal level including Obamacare, the farm bill, the budget, veterans and military issues, and shopping local. As I continue to schedule Listening Tour stops, I look forward to hearing from folks across the state.
As Kansans celebrate and give thanks today, I am especially thankful for the service and charitable organization across Kansas who support our communities and those in need. I hope Kansans consider supporting or volunteering at these organizations during the holiday season. Just a few hours of time giving back to your community can make this holiday a memorable one for those in need. I hope you and your family also enjoy time together and have a chance to reflect on all we have to be thankful for as Americans.
At sundown tonight, Jewish families in Kansas and around the world began the eight day celebration of Hanukkah. I wish my Jewish friends a very happy Hanukkah.
Today I continued the Kansas Listening Tour with my 1001st Town Hall meeting in Garden City which was open to the public. It’s always enjoy visiting with the good folks in southwest Kansas and I appreciate everyone who took time out of their day to stop by. Attendees shared their thoughts and concerns about Obamacare, Amtrak, the Farm Bill and horse slaughter. Senate Democrats pursuing the nuclear option, frustration over gridlock in Washington, and the expansion of executive powers were also a focus. Thanks to the Garden City Lions Club for hosting the event and to the many members of the public who attended.
While in Wichita yesterday afternoon, I stopped by ABC Discount Superstore and had a chance to visit with Jim Brown and Wayne Chambers, chair of the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. The conversation centered around the importance of creating a tax and regulatory environment that will allow businesses to succeed and hire employees. I also heard concerns about Obamacare. Thanks again to ABC Discount Superstore for being so welcoming.
This afternoon I had a great time visiting with students at Wichita East High School and speaking to members of Ms. McHenry's AP U.S. History class. I am a believer that what happens in classrooms is critical to the future of our state and country. My time at Wichita East was a great opportunity to learn about what matters to 17 and 18 year olds and visit with faculty members who work hard to create a bright future for their students. I enjoyed our conversations and wish the students continued success during their high school careers and beyond.
When I was elected to the House of Representatives, I launched the “Big First Listening Tour” and held annual town hall meetings in each of the First District’s 69 counties. I have continued this tradition as a Senator and have traveled throughout all 105 counties in our state as part of my new “Kansas Listening Tour” to hear directly from Kansans. Our conversations matter to me a great deal and impact the work I do on your behalf.
 
 Today I was fortunate to return to Marion to hold my 1000th town hall meeting since being elected to Congress – the same community I held my first town hall in as a U.S. Representative on July 18, 1997. More than 100 Kansans from the surrounding community turned out for pancakes and conversation. Topics ranged from Obamacare and water conservation, to the nuclear option and the government shutdown.
 
 Thanks to the good folks who joined me in Marion. I am continuing my “Kansas Listening Tour” Tuesday in Garden City, Friday in Clay Center and Saturday in Dwight. I hope you are able to come out and share your thoughts and concerns with me.
The agreement reached with Iran this weekend gives the Iranians access to billions of dollars that can be used to fund terrorist activities and support Syria's dictator Bashar al-Assad, all the while allowing Iran to continue committing serious human rights abuses in Iran--including the imprisonment of American pastor Saeed Abedini.
Iran's track record of deception and refusal to abide by past international demands make me gravely concerned about this deal. Now is not the time to ease up on the pressure and turn the other way, allowing Iran to make further progress in achieving its goal.   Congress should pass additional sanctions so that if Iran breaks the agreement, President Obama can not only reverse the sanctions relief granted by this deal but immediately impose more sanctions. We must do everything we can to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.
Robba and I are cheering on the Wildcats with the Regent, Senator and Cowboy Schulz.
I enjoyed speaking with about 100 members of the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce today. We discussed many issues facing our nation including the fiscal crisis and the need to make real changes in Washington D.C. A basic function of Congress is to pass a responsible budget, and we must end this crisis-to-crisis way of governing.
Proud to see both Lawrence, Kansas, and Manhattan, Kansas, were named the nation's best college towns by the American Institute of Economic Research.
Majority leader Harry Reid has staged an elaborate sideshow in an attempt to divert Americans’ attention away from the broken promises of Obamacare. Senate Democrats are breaking the rules of the Senate so they can continue to invoke the same procedural tactics they used when Obamacare was forced through Congress without a single Republican vote. If the Affordable Care Act had been passed with careful deliberation and input from all those elected to represent the American people, Democrats might not be watching the healthcare security of their constituents unravel before their eyes today.   The simple truth is the Senate has confirmed 215 of the President’s judicial nominees and rejected only two since 2009 – a 99 percent confirmation rate. Kansans are tired of politically motivated distractions and broken promises; 93 percent of voters want Washington to work together to fix or repeal Obamacare. Unfortunately, Democratic Senators are ignoring the real challenges Americans face and continuing to do whatever it takes to push their misguided agenda on the nation.
I'll join Jeff and Rich on Newsradio 1150 KSAL around 8:15 a.m. CT. I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
Today I introduced a bipartisan amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act that would support the Kansas National Guard and Department of Defense (DoD) Reserve Components by protecting their ability to carry out cyber missions in support of DoD. The amendment's passage would halt, and likely prevent cuts to the 177th Information Aggressor Squadron based at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita. The 177th is one of only two National Guard units executing the critical information aggressor mission focused on cyber security, information operations and cyber intelligence. It is vital that DoD protect against the unintended loss of a one-of-a-kind asset and prevent a reduction in personnel from being implemented.
What's your favorite Kansas City barbecue stop?   When I fly through Kansas City to and from Washington each week I have a regular opportunity to enjoy KC's abundance of barbecue options. The history, personality, sauce and world-class Kansas-raised beef make Kansas City barbecue tough to beat.
Today, the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs passed legislation Senator Roberts and I offered to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan Lieutenant General Richard “Dick” Seitz. The legislation would designate the Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic,” and was included in the Veterans Programs Improvements Act, S. 1581, the committee’s omnibus bill.  Our country lost a great man, a dedicated soldier, and an American hero when Lieutenant General Dick Seitz passed away. Dick was a mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. As a native Kansan who settled in Junction City following his military retirement, he never retired from serving. I’m grateful for his commitment to serving Junction City and am delighted to honor him by working to name the community-based outpatient clinic in his honor.
#KansasCommonSense: Health insurance cancellations due to Obamacare, Senate passage of compounding pharmacy legislation, visiting Phillips County Hospital and Medical Clinics, joining entrepeneurs at Hays Startup Weekend and more.
The actions of MF Global harmed investors and jeopardized confidence in the security of financial markets. The $1.2 billion restitution fine and $100 million civil penalty announced today are important steps in restoring trust in markets and making certain bad actors in our financial system face appropriate consequences. Farmers, ranchers and investors will soon learn that their long-overdue funds have been ordered to be restored, but they should also know this is not the end of the story.   The CFTC continues litigation with former-MF Global chairman Jon Corzine and other senior management in pursuit of justice. Nothing can undo the damage to these segregated account holders caused by the actions of MF Global. But I am hopeful the actions of the court today begin to repair some of the trust in the futures market that was lost when MF Global filed for bankruptcy.
Over the weekend in Northwest Kansas, I stopped in Stockton and enjoyed visiting with Kansans at the post office, public library, Stockton National Bank, K-State Extension Office, Webster's Supermarket and Shirley May's Deli. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
It was good to be with many Kansans in Overland Park today for the Israel Action Forum to visit about current events in the Middle East and how they impact the United States and our allies. The most talked about topic today was Iran, whose continued pursuit of nuclear weapons threatens the United States and Israel. Secretary of State Kerry briefed me last week about the negotiations with Iran. I believe pressure should be increased to force Iran to abandon its pursuit of nuclear weapons.
While in Hays yesterday, Robba and I joined members of my staff to celebrate the marriage of Aaron and Chelsey Ladd. Chelsey assists Kansans who are experiencing difficulties with Social Security, Medicare, veterans’ affairs or have other concerns regarding federal issues. Congrats!
It was good to be in Hays tonight to join entrepreneurial students and community members at Western Kansas' first Startup Weekend. Startup Weekend Hays is hosted by Fort Hays State University's College of Business and Entrepreneurship, and the event demonstrates that entrepreneurship is more than a Silicon Valley issue. Best wishes for a successful weekend ahead.
This afternoon, I traveled to Phillipsburg, Kansas, to tour Phillips County Hospital (PCH). I always appreciate the opportunity to learn more about how healthcare providers are working to improve care delivery in Kansas communities. PCH is a critical access hospital that provides a wide range of health services including emergency, cardiac rehabilitation, oncology, radiology, surgery, rehabilitation, laboratory and nutritional services. During my visit, Dr. Ben Stephenson—one of two physicians serving Phillips County—and I discussed the effects of Obamacare.
Today we learned that Hutchinson Community College President Dr. Edward E. Berger will retire next summer. For more than 30 years, Dr. Berger has dedicated himself to HCC, first as Dean of Continuing Education and then as President starting in 1991. Under his leadership, HCC has seen a 60 percent increase in enrollment over the last decade and provided Reno County residents with physical and economic access to quality higher education. I am grateful for his dedication and wish him the best of luck in retirement next year.
Tonight, I'm joining entrepreneurial students and community members at Western Kansas' first Startup Weekend. Startup Weekend Hays is hosted by Fort Hays State University's College of Business and Entrepreneurship and its goal is to bring together individuals to build startup companies over the course of a weekend. The event demonstrates that entrepreneurship is more than a Silicon Valley issue. I also encourage you to learn more about my legislation, Startup Act 3.0, in this Wichita Business Journal piece that will make it easier for entrepreneurs to start businesses.
The President can’t snap his fingers and make all the problems with this terrible law go away. The fact is, the law’s problems run much deeper than implementation. The true issue is the flawed underlying basis for the provisions of the Affordable Care Act: the idea that the government must determine what coverage is acceptable for Americans, regardless of what Americans want. Continually bandaging the gaping wounds caused by this assertion does nothing to solve the problem.    Rather than working with Congress on a solution, the President again wants to issue an executive mandate in an attempt to give Democrats political cover for next year’s elections. The President needs to stop prioritizing political damage control over real policy solutions while millions of Americans are losing their health insurance due to his broken promise.
Today, I shared Michael of Newton, Kansas' story on the U.S. Senate Floor about the real-world impacts of Obamacare. I encourage you to listen to his story via the link below.  Kansans are struggling under the consequences of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. So many times it’s suggested that this is just a problem with implementation or with the website, but the problems that Americans and Kansans are facing today really is the crux – it’s the theory and provisions on which the Affordable Care Act was based.
Congrats to the Wichita Community for a successful public hearing in support of McConnell Air Force Base to make certain it is the new home of the KC-46A. McConnell’s preliminary selection as the Preferred Alternative for the Main Operating Base of KC-46A Tankers codifies what Kansans already know—we are and will continue to be the Supertanker base for the nation. A special thanks to the Friends of McConnell, Wichita Chamber and many others for all the hard work that went into this event.
My deepest sympathies go out to my friend Senator Jim Inhofe and his wife Kay whose son Dr. Perry Inhofe was killed over the weekend in a plane crash. Please keep their family in your thoughts and prayers.
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: helping veterans achieve the American Dream, honoring fallen Kansas Army National Guard Soldiers, Pittsburg SSA Office Q&A Forum and more.
Because of Obamacare, Kansans and Americans are losing their health care coverage, facing the prospect of higher premiums, and in some cases losing their doctor. I encourage you to read the story submitted by Michael of Newton, and share your story about how the new health care law is affecting you and your family at republican.senate.gov/YourStory.  “We were notified by our health insurance carrier that premiums on our small business plan will increase 24 percent…because of the coverage mandated by the ACA starting in 2014. As small business owners in our late 50s we have struggled to find affordable health insurance for years. About two years ago we were able to sign up for a plan offered to small businesses through a well-known carrier. It was not a 'Cadillac' plan… Unfortunately the premium increase is going to put this plan in the not affordable range again.   “I have not yet been able to get on healthcare.gov. The few times I’ve tried it has either been down or locked up during access. As a business owner with employees and a lot of responsibilities, the time I have to spend messing around with a slow or non-responsive website is limited and personally expensive.” —Michael of Newton
If you live in or near Wichita, I encourage you to attend the public hearing hosted by the United States Air Force tonight to show your support for McConnell Air Force as the home of the KC-46A.  http://www.kake.com/home/headlines/Public-Hearing-for-McConnells-New-Tankers-231506671.html
On Veterans’ Day, we express our gratitude for the service of those who have protected our way of life and allowed us to remain the strongest and freest nation in the world.  We respect you, we thank you and we love you.
This morning I celebrated Veterans’ Day in Manhattan with a parade and ceremony organized by the Flint Hills Veterans Coalition. It was a privilege to say thank you to all who served.
Americans come together each year on November 11 to celebrate and honor our nation’s veterans. These brave men and women sacrificed to provide their children and grandchildren with the opportunity to achieve the American Dream, so it’s imperative we make certain they themselves have the opportunity to live the American Dream.  In Kansas and across the country, veterans face a myriad of challenges when they return home from service — from braving mental health conditions such as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, to the basics needed to enter the workforce like creating or updating a resume. With 34,000 servicemen and women expected to return home by February 2014, practical programs and services must be in place to help them transition from one chapter of their lives to the next.  On Veterans’ Day, we express our gratitude for the service of those who have protected our way of life and allowed us to remain the strongest and freest nation in the world. Let’s make certain whether veterans wish to start their own business, commence a job search, or go back to school, they are able to achieve the same American Dream they sacrificed so much to protect.  God bless our veterans: we respect you, we thank you and we love you.
Tonight Robba and I attended the 27th Annual Johnson County Community College (JCCC) Foundation Some Enchanted Evening. The event raises scholarship money to make certain thousands of JCCC students are able to attend college. Thanks to JCCC President Dr. Joe Sopcich for hosting us.
To kick off Veterans' Day Weekend, it was a privilege to present Kansas Vietnam War Medallions to more than 30 veterans who served between February 1961 and May 1975. Thanks to Marysville Mayor Bill Phillipi, Kansas State Senator Elaine Bowers, and Kansas Commission on Veterans Affairs Executive Director Gregg Burden for the opportunity to thank these veterans for their service.
Good luck to the Kansas pheasant and quail hunters on opening day today. Be safe and enjoy the good weather as you carry on this Kansas tradition.
Blessed to celebrate my dad Ray's 98th birthday with a delicious cake baked by Robba. I'm thankful to spend time with him in Kansas today.
U.S. and international sanctions have been effective in bringing Iran to the negotiating table but have so far failed in their real goal, which is to compel Iran to abandon its nuclear program. The United States and our partners should not trade away sanctions while allowing Iran to continue its pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Today I renewed my call for Iran to immediately release jailed American Pastor Saeed Abedini by sponsoring a resolution with Senators Risch, Crapo, Cruz, Kirk, Leahy, Paul, Portman and Rubio. No one should be persecuted for their religious beliefs and this resolution recognizes that freedom of religion is a fundamental right that no government should deny.
Kansas Honor Flight
Today, Army Sergeant Don A. Clary of Troy and Sergeant First Class Clinton “Clint” L. Wisdom of Atchison were inducted into the Defense Intelligence Agency Patriots Memorial for their service to our nation. The two Kansas Army National Guard soldiers were killed during Operation Iraqi Freedom on Nov. 8, 2004. They were the first Kansas Army National Guard soldiers to die in combat since the Vietnam War.  As we pay tribute to Sergeant Clary and Sergeant First Class Wisdom, we’re reminded that freedom is not free. Americans will be forever indebted to these Kansas Army National Guard soldiers, and I ask all Kansans to join me in remembering their families and friends in our thoughts and prayers.
As we remember victims of the tragic Fort Hood shooting which took place four years ago today, we also recognize that victims and their families have not received the honor and respect they deserve. In September, I joined Sen. John Cornyn to introduce legislation – the Honoring the Fort Hood Heroes Act –  to correct this injustice and provide proper recognition and benefits to the Fort Hood shooting victims. The legislation would make certain they receive the same benefits as their deployed counterparts who are wounded or killed either through enemy action abroad or a terrorist attack.
At least 29 times, President Obama promised Americans that if you like the insurance you have, you could keep it under Obamacare. Despite the President’s repeated promises, the fact is that thousands of individuals and families across Kansas are among the millions of Americans who have had their health plans cancelled because they do not meet the law’s requirements. Americans should be in control of their own health care and should be free to choose the plans they want. I've joined Senator Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) in introducing S. 1617, the If You Like Your Health Plan You Can Keep It Act. Our legislation would force the President and congressional Democrats to live up to the promise they made to Americans, even if they do not want to honor it.
Congrats McConnell Air Force Base, the 22nd and 931st Operations Support Squadrons, who were recently awarded the Air Force Association 2013 Verne Orr Award. The award recognizes the total force integration of the Active and Reserve at McConnell, which is a distinguishing reason why the Air Force selected the base as the Preferred Alternative for the Main Operation Base of KC-46A tankers.  I encourage you to attend the public hearing hosted by the United States Air Force on November 12 to share your support for Team McConnell as the home of the KC-46A.
#KansasCommonSense: Obamacare problems continue, introducing legislation to help Americans save for their futures, greeting Kansas WWII Veterans, meeting with Wichita State University officials and more.
This week, along with a bipartisan group of U.S. Senators on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I introduced legislation to expand emergency care treatment reimbursement eligibility for veterans. Our nation’s heroes should not be forced to bear the burden of emergency health care costs simply because of exorbitant VA facility waiting times to see a doctor.  Current law prohibits the Department of Veterans’ Affairs (VA) from reimbursing emergency room care at non-VA facilities for veterans who haven’t received care at a VA clinic or hospital within the past two years. Veterans who have recently returned from deployment or live in rural communities often can’t meet this requirement as a result of extensive wait times for scheduling VA facility appointments. This legislation would waive the two-year requirement and allow veterans to be reimbursed for emergency medical care at non-VA facilities.  I am committed to improving access to care for Kansas veterans, and this legislation will provide them with the emergency care they deserve.
It was good to join Mayor of Manhattan, Kansas, John Matta; Kansas State University Chief of Staff Jackie Hartman; Fort Riley Garrison Commander, Colonel Andrew Cole; and state representatives to celebrate the groundbreaking of the Manhattan Regional Airport Terminal Expansion. 
 
 Air service is a vital public safety and economic development asset for communities across Kansas, and this expansion will help meet the needs of the growing Flint Hills region.
As a U.S. Senator, I am happy to give young people in Kansas the opportunity to learn about government and public service through Senate internships. Just a reminder that the application deadline for the Spring Session is tomorrow, Nov. 1. Please let your friends and family know if they might be interested. Applications can be submitted at the link below.
It's always a privilege to greet Kansas WWII veterans and thank them for their service.
Today I enjoyed getting to know Jeh Johnson, the President’s nominee to succeed Janet Napolitano as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. We had a productive conversation, and if confirmed I look forward to working with him to make certain construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility — a vital national security asset — remains a priority.
Today, Fort Hays State University (FHSU) announced that President Ed Hammond will retire in June 2014 after 28 years at the university helm. President Hammond has been a tremendous asset to FHSU and helped bring new horizons to thousands of Kansas students – many of which are from small towns across our state. From the renovation of the Sternberg Museum and Picken Hall to the development and growth of the virtual college, Dr. Hammond has strengthened the quality of education for all FHSU students. Upon his retirement, President Hammond will truly be missed, but his visionary leadership and remarkable contributions to FHSU will impact students and the community for generations to come. Robba and I offer a heartfelt thanks to Dr. Hammond for everything he has done for the entire Hays community.
Today. the Washington Post Fact Checker gave President Obama’s pledge that "no one will take away your health plan" a “Four Pinocchios” rating -- the highest indication of a “Whopper” of a lie. The unfortunate reality is many more Americans have lost their health insurance than have enrolled in coverage under Obamacare.
President Obama’s health care law is egregiously flawed. I recently demanded answers from HHS on exactly how much money has been spent on developing and implementing the systematically broken healthcare.gov website, whether HHS intends to recover payments made to the contractors responsible, what specific testing was done before the launch, and what is the timeline and detailed cost breakdown for fixing the problems. I also asked HHS for details of any contingency plans if the technical issues with the Exchanges cannot be fixed in a timely fashion. I am hopeful Americans will get the answers they deserve today as Sec. Sebelius testifies in the House of Representative. Click the link below to watch the hearing live on C-SPAN.
As a member of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus, today I introduced the American Savings Promotion Act – legislation to allow the creation of prize-linked savings accounts (PLS). At a time when the annual savings rate in the United States is just 4.1 percent, PLS accounts would incentivize personal savings by offering participants chances to win prizes based on savings account deposit activity while never putting an individual's savings at risk. While this innovative tool would offer the chance of big winnings, its real value is the promise of increased financial security for American families.
I am saddened to hear of the passing of my good friend, former Rep. Ike Skelton. Missouri has lost a tremendous public servant, and our service men and women have lost a tireless advocate. Robba and I send our heartfelt prayers to his wife Patty, family and friends during this trying time.
NBC News just published a troubling report: the Obama administration knew millions of Americans could not keep their health insurance under ObamaCare.
Today I joined Senator Rubio in introducing the “Delay Until Fully Functional Act”, a bill delaying the individual mandate under Obamacare until six months after the Government Accountability Office certifies that the Exchange website is fully functional. It is unfair for the federal government to punish individuals for not doing something the government is requiring them to do when the Administration’s incompetence has made it impossible for them to comply. I believe the entire law should be repealed and replaced, but until that becomes possible Kansas individuals and families must be protected from the disasters created by Obamacare.
I visited the Chase County Elementary School Outdoor Learning Center in Strong City this week. Students of all ages are involved in the program, which includes greenhouse activities, rainwater collection, composting and caring for livestock. During my visit, I stopped by Ms. Luder’s Kindergarten class, where students carved pumpkins as part of their “Pumpkin Investigation” lesson.  
 
 I was particularly impressed to learn how supportive the community is of the program, and how contributions of both time and materials have been provided to compensate for their limited budget.
This week, I agreed to be an original sponsor of the “Delay Until Fully Functional Act,” legislation Senator Marco Rubio is expected to introduce next week. This bill would delay the Obamacare’s individual mandate until it can be certified that the website and Exchanges are functional. It is blatantly unfair for the federal government to punish individuals for not doing something the government is requiring them to do when the Administration’s incompetence has made it impossible for them to comply.   I believe the entire law should be repealed and replaced, but until that happens American individuals and families must be protected from the disasters created by the Affordable Care Act. In July, President Obama acknowledged that a significant component of this law is broken and delayed enforcement of the employer mandate. The following week, I offered amendments in the Senate Appropriations Committee to delay both the employer mandate and individual mandate. Both of these amendments were unfortunately defeated in party-line votes, but I continue working to effectively dismantle Obamacare.
October sunset on a homestead near Scranton.
Facing population decline, Greeley County, Kansas, is working to preserve our special way of life in Kansas and beat the odds faced by rural communities in Kansas and across the country. Over the past two years, their population is up 4 percent after three decades of accelerating declines.
President Obama’s health care law is egregiously flawed and the problems it is causing are increasingly frustrating. As Ranking Member of the Senate Subcommittee with oversight over the Department of Health and Human Services, today I demanded accountability from the Administration by calling on HHS to answer questions about the real cost of implementing the Obamacare Exchanges in light of the systemically flawed healthcare.gov website. Over the past year, $1.7 billion in taxpayer funds have been used for their implementation. This funding came exclusively from HHS’ internal transfer of funds to the Exchanges – a decision that avoided Congressional approval. I’ve asked the Administration to tell Americans exactly how much money has been spent on developing and implementing healthcare.gov, whether HHS intends to recover payments made to the contractors responsible, what specific testing was done before the launch, and what is the timeline and detailed cost breakdown for fixing the problems. I also asked HHS for details of any contingency plans if the technical issues with the Exchanges cannot be fixed in a timely fashion. I’ll update you as soon as I receive answers.
My office is now accepting applications for spring semester internships. Congressional internships are a great way for Kansas students to learn about Congress while at the same time gaining professional work experience. Having worked as a congressional intern myself, I know what a valuable experience it can be.   I encourage you to watch the video linked below and visit the internship page on my website to learn more. Completed applications must be submitted for consideration by November 1.
Yesterday afternoon, I also stopped in Horton and visited with members of the community, hospital staff and officers from Rural Community Hospitals of America. We discussed the impact of Obamacare on Critical Access Hospitals and rural communities. Thanks to Horton Community Hospital CEO Chris Barlow for the invitation to visit.
This afternoon I toured Bradken foundry in Atchison. They have been in production for 141 years at this facility, manufacturing steel castings for the rail, transit, mining and construction markets. Thanks again to Kevin McDermed, President of the Engineered Products Division, for such an interesting and informative visit.
I’m in Northeast Kansas today and my first stop was in Holton. The Holton/Jackson Chamber of Commerce hosted me on Courthouse Square so I could hear from small business owners. Our conversations covered banking regulations, Obamacare, access to health care, and the uncertainty caused by the shutdown. I visited with Mark and Mary Pfeiler in their quilt shop, Quilting on the Square, which opened in April 2005. This year, their business proudly represents Holton and Kansas as a Better Homes and Gardens Top 10 Quilt Shop in North America.
Tonight I'm attending Kansas State University's Landon Lecture featuring six past U.S. Secretaries of Agriculture: Senator Mike Johanns, Ann Veneman, Dan Glickman, Ed Schafer, Mike Espy and John Block. If you'd like to listen in, the lecture is being streamed live via the link below.
This afternoon, I stopped by The Fuller Brush Company in Great Bend. The company is a good example of community members coming together to make certain jobs remain in the place that they call home. It was helpful to see the plant and visit with employees to learn more about how government agencies and regulations impact the operation. We must do all we can to protect jobs and grow the economy, and that includes eliminating bureaucratic red tape. Thanks to Fuller President and CEO Brady Gros for the tour.
Today, I gave remarks and heard from Hays Rotary Club members. We discussed a number of issues including the continuing resolution, debt ceiling, Obamacare, and expanding opportunities for entrepreneurs. Thanks for your frank feedback, which I'll keep in mind when I return to Washington next week.
#KansasCommonSense: Voting to end gridlock in Washington, update on the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, Burlington Northern Santa Fe’s Intermodal Facility Grand Opening and more.
Taking the pulse of Kansans this morning in the county seat of Rush County, LaCrosse. I visited with city officials Duane Moeder, Kim Jay and Ruth Schroter. We spent more than an hour on Main Street discussing issues facing our nation.
This morning, I visited with Manhattan residents and fellow Lions Club members at their annual pancake feed. In addition to great food and company, the Manhattan Lions Club had free mobile health screenings and the Kansas Quality Woodworkers organized an arts and crafts show with more than 20 booths. It was good to catch up with Dee McKee and visit about education issues.
It’s great to be back in Kansas, and today I helped the Allen County Regional Hospital (ACRH) celebrate its grand opening. The new, 60,000 square foot facility replaces the aging downtown hospital which was constructed in 1951. ACRH is a 25-bed Critical Access Hospital and in addition to a variety of services offered, it provides improved access as a one-story building featuring a helipad for air-ambulance service.  The completion of ACRH is promising for the future of Iola and Allen County. Thanks to Karen Gilpin and David Wright for giving me a tour of the new facility, and congratulations to the Chairman Harry Lee, Jr. and the Hospital Facilities Commission on a job well done. Here, I'm pictured with the Iola Register Editor Susan Lynn.
It's snowing this morning in Hays. If you're on the roads be sure to travel safely. Visit www.kandrive.org to monitor road conditions in Kansas.
Today in Johnson County, Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF)'s new Intermodal Facility will be officially dedicated. As one of the county's largest economic development projects ever, the $250 million, 440-acre facility will provide businesses with a direct connection to the global supply chain via the BNSF's transcontinental railroad that begins in California and terminates in Chicago. It will also provide companies with the ability to quickly ship goods by rail and truck to their final destinations, as well as create thousands of jobs for Kansans. Thanks to BNSF and the local communities for your support of this important project.
Tonight I voted in favor of the Senate plan to end gridlock in Washington. I share Kansans’ frustration with Washington’s habit of crisis-to-crisis governing. This latest standoff offered a rare opportunity for Congress and the President to change course, make real reductions in spending, lower federal deficits, and address the unfunded liabilities that threaten U.S. solvency. Unfortunately, none of that happened.   The American government should never default on its debt obligations, but unless we find the courage to restrain our country’s out-of-control spending, that’s exactly what will happen.  This good-faith deal calms fear of default for now, but we must take advantage of the next 90 days to finally work together and get our spending under control. Without action to begin addressing our staggering debt and deficits, our country will inevitably default in the future because we will no longer have the ability to pay our bills.  It’s a sad day in America when Washington must choose between economic catastrophe now and economic catastrophe later. A better way does exist, and I pray Washington will muster the discipline to pursue it.
Today at 1:10 p.m. CT, former Army Captain Will Swenson will receive the Medal of Honor. At the time of his selfless acts, he wore the Big Red One patch as a member of a Military Transition Team working with Afghan soldiers. Much time has passed, but I’m happy to see that Will is getting the recognition he deserves.  On Sept. 8, 2009, in Ganjgal, Afghanistan, Capt. Swenson saved numerous lives after his team was ambushed by insurgents in an attack killing and wounding a number of U.S. servicemen and Afghan soldiers. He will be the sixth living service member to receive the nation’s top valor award for actions in Iraq or Afghanistan. You can watch the ceremony live via the link below.
While wrangling continues in Washington, our nation’s Army Rangers continue to carry out our their missions to protect our freedom. The article linked below shares the inspiring story of 3rd Battalion Ranger Josh Hargis who was wounded in the incident that claimed the lives of four Army Rangers last week in Afghanistan. Thank you for your service to our nation.
This morning I'll be discussing the government shutdown on KBUF with Lory Williams just after 7:30 a.m. CT. Then around 8 a.m. CT, I'll join Steve and Ted on NewsRadio 1330 KNSS Wichita—I encourage you to tune in or listen live.
Today, I was glad to hear the the House named Farm Bill conferees—a step in the right direction for Farm Bill negotiations and providing farmers and ranchers with the certainty they deserve.
En route to the White House for a meeting with the President. No one can predict with certainty how the current situation will be resolved, but I am confident that if we keep advancing common-sense solutions, there will ultimately be meaningful discussions that will bring this stalemate to an end.  I do not accept the idea that crisis-to-crisis governing is the only way Washington can deal with tough issues. With courage and discipline, Congress and the President can address the real and significant problems that face our nation.
Today, the Senate acted as it should by passing H.J. Res. 91, a resolution to make certain the Department of Defense has the flexibility it needs to provide families of fallen soldiers with the benefits they deserve during the government shutdown, rather than relying on humble donations.  This unfortunate wrangling has all been taking place while Army Rangers continue to carry out their missions to protect our freedom.
During each honor flight, veterans take time for prayer and Taps. I'm grateful to the Honor Flight Network and its volunteers for making these visits possible.
A little rain can't keep Kansas WWII veterans from visiting the memorial built in their honor. As always, it was a privilege to greet them this morning. Here, I'm pictured with Norm Karlin of Hutchinson.
Today, I paid tribute on the U.S. Senate Floor to Sergeant Patrick C. Hawkins who was among four members of the 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment killed on Oct. 6, 2013, in Kandahar, Afghanistan.  Sgt. Hawkins was one more hero, one more soldier, one more American who through service to others was willing to sacrifice his life for the betterment of his family back home and for the future of a country that we all love and call home — the United States of America.
Good News: DoD will pay families of our fallen.
Five members of our military who bravely answered the call to serve our country were killed in Afghanistan over the weekend. We will forever be indebted to them for their service and sacrifice on our behalf, which is why today I joined a bipartisan group of senators in urging Secretary Chuck Hagel to restore death benefits to families of fallen heroes. This is a sacred obligation our nation holds dear and includes ensuring families' presence to honor their loved ones at Dover Air Force Base. Any delay in providing families with this essential benefit is absolutely unacceptable.
Today I called on the Secretary of Veterans’ Affairs to justify the VA’s purchase of $562,000 of artwork in the final days of Fiscal Year 2013. At a time when the nation’s crushing debt threatens the well-being of our veterans and all Americans, I cannot comprehend the reason why this use of taxpayer dollars was authorized.  If the overall fiscal stability of our country is not of sufficient concern, then the VA should have at least prioritized service to veterans who continue to wait inordinate lengths of time to receive decisions on their benefit claims. These funds also would have been better spent filling positions in Community Based Outpatient Clinics in Kansas and other rural states where staffing remains an acute problem to which the VA is struggling to respond adequately. I am appalled by the VA’s complete failure to prioritize the spending of a half-million taxpayer dollars.
Yesterday, Secretary of Defense Hagel moved quickly to end the furloughs on our Reserve Component and Department of Defense (DoD) civilians, just one day after receiving a bipartisan letter from 50 Senators who joined me in requesting the DoD assess their interpretation of the "Pay Our Military Act," which was signed into law last week.   The good news is approximately 350,000 previously furloughed employees will go back to work tomorrow. While the uncertainty loomed over our National Guard and the civilians who support our soldiers and airmen, the right decision was made.
Today, Senator Manchin and I were joined by forty-eight Senate colleagues in writing a bipartisan letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel urging that the National Guard and Reserves, as well as the civilians who support our soldiers and airmen, receive pay during the government shutdown. Congress made it clear with the passage of the “Pay Our Military Act” that the financial well-being and readiness of those serving our country must not suffer due to gridlock on Capitol Hill. We have given the Department of Defense the authority and latitude to maintain pay and benefits for all service members and the civilians who support them. While dysfunction continues in Washington, I was pleased that a total of fifty Senators could put their misgivings aside, quickly come together in a bipartisan manner, and join me in making our position clear to the Department of Defense. All members of the Armed Services deserve fair and equitable treatment under the law.
This evening, House and Senate leaders will meet with President Obama to discuss a path ahead on the government shutdown. I’m hopeful the meeting provides movement; however, I am disturbed to hear that the President remains unwilling to negotiate. Americans expect Congress and the Administration to work toward a solution. For an update on today’s happenings in Washington and my take on the government shutdown, I encourage you to listen to my conversation with Neil Cavuto via the link below.
Tune in to Fox News at 3:15 p.m. CT to hear me discuss the government shutdown and a path forward with Neil Cavuto.
The battles we engage in need to be a lot less about Republicans and Democrats, and much more about what’s good for the country. The veterans that we met with this morning, such as Lew Dysart of Leawood (with son Bob), should serve as a reminder that there is a higher calling to what we do in our nation’s capital. There is something more important than the political skirmishes.
It's always an honor to have the opportunity to greet the Kansas WWII Veterans and thank them for their service and sacrifice.
I'll be headed to the National World War II Memorial shortly to greet nearly 90 veterans from the Kansas City area.
Many of you are asking where things stand in Washington:   To fund government and end the shutdown, a continuing resolution (CR) must be agreed to by both the House and Senate. As of this afternoon, no agreement has been reached and the federal government remains shut down. Republicans have made numerous proposals and have tried to engage Senate Democrats to work toward a solution.  Unfortunately, Democrats in Congress and President Obama are maintaining a 'no negotiations' policy, only willing to make a deal if it is on their exact terms. But divided government, as envisioned by the Founding Fathers, requires the House, the Senate and the President all to reach agreement on legislation before it can be passed into law. A “no negotiations” policy is unhelpful and only sustains the deadlock.   I continue to work to reach a responsible solution that is good for Kansas and good for the country.
Yet another broken promise.
Americans expect and deserve their elected officials to work together to find solutions. If we had a functioning Senate we would not be in this position. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats and President Obama refuse to come to the table and work toward a responsible solution with those who disagree with them. They would rather shut down the government than negotiate.  I am anxious for this impasse to come to an end, and I will continue to do everything I can to make certain Kansans’ voices are heard in Washington.
Today, the Senate passed the Pay Our Military Act, which makes certain members of the military are paid in the event of a government shutdown. The financial well-being and readiness of those serving our country must not suffer due to gridlock on Capitol Hill. As indecision continues, this legislation will give members of the military the certainty they deserve.
Alzheimer’s is a defining challenge of our generation affecting 5.2 million people in the United States and more than 35.6 million worldwide. I was pleased to hear last week that the University of Kansas Medical Center — one of only 29 National Institute of Aging designated Alzheimer's Disease Centers in the United States — will receive $3 million from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to study prevention of this devastating disease.  A sustained federal commitment to research for Alzheimer’s will lower health care costs and improve health outcomes for people living with the disease today and in the future. Recently, I spoke about this on the Senate floor and encourage you to click the link below to hear my remarks.
I'm grateful to hear the crew from McConnell Air Force Base operating a KC-135 tanker landed safely in Spain's Palma de Mallorca airport today after a suspected fuel leak.
The short-term government funding bill passed by the Senate today is damaging to our country, our economy, and to the American people. The legislation ignores the constitutional responsibilities of Congress to pass a budget each year and set common-sense spending priorities through the appropriations process. Here we are, at the end of yet another fiscal year, and not one appropriations bill has been passed by the Senate. In fact, the last time all of the appropriations bills were passed individually before the September 30th deadline was in 1994. Nearly 20 years later, America faces a staggering $16.7 trillion national debt which is growing by almost $2 billion a day. I cannot support a short-term spending measure that simply enables Washington’s pattern of dysfunction to continue.  With implementation of Obamacare just days away, many Kansans have been focused on the specific provision within the House-passed CR to defund this misguided law which is jeopardizing health care for millions of Americans. Today I voted ‘no’ on cloture to prevent Majority Leader Reid from restoring funding for Obamacare. Now is the time to defund, dismantle and replace the Affordable Care Act. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats are not listening to Americans.  While the President and the law’s supporters promised Obamacare would lower health care costs and strengthen our health care system, the reality is such promises have been repeatedly broken. This law is increasing health insurance premiums for individuals and families, forcing Americans off of their current coverage, threatening the survival of hospitals and other providers in Kansas and across the country, and hindering economic growth through onerous new taxes and regulations. This law is causing real harm to real people. It is well past time for its supporters to admit their mistake. I will continue to work to defund and dismantle this disastrous law.
Today I will vote "no" on cloture in support of the effort to defund Obamacare.
This morning around 9 a.m. CT I'll be on 1350 KMAN with Cathy Dawes. I hope you'll tune in.
Today, I spoke on the Senate floor about the serious issues facing our country, including our out-of-control spending and the broken promises made about the Affordable Care Act. It's time to admit that the passage of Obamacare was a mistake. It's time to admit the bill is significantly flawed. It's time to admit that a one-size-solution does not fit all problems or all Americans.   Tomorrow I will vote to defund Obamacare. On the floor, I made an appeal to my colleagues on behalf of Kansans to give us the chance to set the record straight, to do it right, to begin again. I hope my colleagues will join me in working to change the misguided course we're on.
Today at noon CT, a prayer vigil for Pastor Saeed Abedini, an Iranian-American Christian incarcerated at the Evin Prison in Tehran and whose case I’ve been following over the past year, will take place on the south steps of the Statehouse in Topeka. Iran’s treatment of Pastor Saeed is another example of their government’s disregard for fundamental human rights and religious freedom. My prayers continue to be with the pastor and his family.
Here's a summary of the bipartisan legislation I introduced yesterday with Senator Udall — The Military Pay Protection Act — to make certain the nation's military families, including National Guard units assisting in disaster recovery, will not have their paychecks delayed in the event of a government shutdown. As indecision continues, this legislation will give our military members, critical civilian workers, and National Guard the certainty they deserve.
In case you weren't able to tune in, here's a link to my interview with Cameron Edwards that aired on SIRIUS XM Patriot this afternoon regarding Secretary Kerry signing the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty today.
Tune in to SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 at 2 p.m. CT to hear me speak on Cam & Company about Secretary Kerry signing the United  Nations Arms Trade Treaty.  http://www.siriusxm.com/siriusxmpatriot
This morning, Secretary of State John Kerry signed a United Nations Arms Trade Treaty (U.N. ATT) that undermines constitutional freedoms of American gun owners and is a direct dismissal of the bipartisan Senate majority that rejects the treaty. Throughout this process, it has been disturbing to watch the Administration reverse U.S. policies, abandon its own "red line" negotiation principles, admit publicly the treaty’s dangerous ambiguity, and hastily review the final treaty text. It is regretful that the Administration has nonetheless continued to press forward and sign the treaty today.  By failing to recognize the lawful ownership of firearms or the inherent right to self-defense as fundamental individual rights, the ATT poses a significant threat to our Second Amendment freedoms. As such, I am confident the Senate will overwhelmingly oppose ratification of the ATT and ultimately refuse to uphold its object and purpose.
Today, I introduced The Military Pay Protection Act - bipartisan legislation to make certain the nation's military families, including National Guard units assisting in disaster recovery, will not have their paychecks delayed in the event of a government shutdown. The financial well-being and readiness of those serving our country must not suffer due to gridlock on Capitol Hill. I am hopeful the President and Congress will come together to confront our nation's fiscal challenges instead of continuing to push them off to a future date. As indecision continues, this legislation will give our military members, critical civilian workers and National Guard the certainty they deserve. It is the least we can do for those who give so much.
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Congressional action necessary to investigate Benghazi attack, Keystone XL Pipeline five-year anniversary, U.N. Arms Trade Treaty update, former Army Captain Will Swenson to receive Mdeal of Honor, and more.
Today I visited Perry Ranch in Oskaloosa, Kansas. Three generations of Perrys are currently working together on their backgrounding and cow-calf operation. It was great to visit with Phil and Rhonda about several issues important to the family-farming and -ranching community including EPA and GIPSA regulations, the COOL initiative, and access to rural healthcare. Thanks again to the Perrys for being so welcoming, and for a great visit.
Before heading back to Washington, I stopped by Flint Hills Stone, a family owned and operated Kansas limestone quarry in Alma—the city of native stone. Founded in 2008, Flint Hills Stone prides itself in providing quality stone from their fourth generation family farm. Thanks to Alex and the entire Gnadt family for keeping the American Dream alive and well in Kansas.
As a 36-year Lions Club Member, it was an honor to speak at the USA/Canada Lions Leadership Forum in Overland Park, Kansas, this afternoon. Here, I'm pictured with L. Blaine Rush, a past International Director and Smith Center Lions Club Member. With more than 1.3 million members participating in more than 45,000 clubs across the globe, Lions Clubs International has been making a difference since 1917. Kansas has more than 270 clubs with members who make a positive and noticeable contribution to the special way of life we enjoy in our Kansas communities.
Today I visited Dr. Chapman Rackaway’s Fort Hays State University (FHSU) American Government class. During my visit, the students and I discussed a variety of issues facing our nation including our country’s struggling economy. Thanks to Dr. Rackaway and FHSU Political Science Department Chair Dr. Shala Mills for the opportunity.
The families of those lost in the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi one year ago continue to search for answers, and they are not receiving the response they deserve from the State Department or the Administration. It is clear we must redouble our efforts to uncover the truth. I believe Congress should establish a joint select committee to investigate and report on the attack in Benghazi, and have cosponsored the new Senate resolution calling for this committee to be established as soon as possible. It is my hope that a joint select committee can make certain those involved are held accountable, and help bring closure to the families of the four Americans killed that tragic day.
This week, the Congressional Budget Office updated its long-term budget outlook and the numbers are not good. The CBO estimates that debt held by the public will increase to 100 percent of GDP in 25 years – an increase driven by our current spending policies. Despite record levels of taxation, CBO projects spending will significantly outpace revenues under current law.   These astronomical debt levels will reduce Americans’ ability to save, increase budgetary pressures for more destabilizing tax increases, damage the nation’s ability to respond to domestic and international crises, and increase the odds of a future fiscal crisis. This is not an academic discussion. It is not a partisan discussion. It is about the future of our nation. We were not elected to ignore these problems but rather to confront them. I am hopeful the White House and Congress will come together and do what Kansans do: Make decisions based on solid values and be held accountable for those decisions.
Today it was a pleasure to meet with the Kansas Principals of the Year: Ulysses’ Kepley Middle School Principal Juan Perez and Emporia High School Principal Scott Sheldon. Juan and Scott are helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom and beyond. The future competitiveness of our state and nation is directly linked to the quality of our children’s education, and I’m pleased they are being commended for their contributions to Kansas students.
Today is the five-year anniversary of the initial permit application for the Keystone XL Pipeline. For five years, the President has had the opportunity to create jobs for Americans simply by approving the permit application, but he continually refuses to do so. The five-year review has taken more than twice as long as it will take to build the pipeline. This job-creating, domestic energy-promoting project is supported by an overwhelming majority of Americans.
There is no group of Americans I hold in higher regard than our veterans, and it was a privilege to visit with Korean War Veteran Richard “Dick” Stoops today who traveled to Washington, D.C. on an Honor Flight. I first met Dick at my Town Hall meeting in Liberal last month, and it was an honor to see him again today.
Congrats to American Airlines on their new Airbus A319 passenger jets, which stopped in Kansas at Wichita Mid-Continent Airport for their first flight yesterday. The fleet’s landing in Wichita was an opportunity for the Airbus Americas Engineering employees who helped design the A319’s wings to see their work in action and greet passengers as they exited the modern aircraft. In Wichita, Airbus employs more than 400 under John O’Leary’s leadership, and they should be applauded for their efforts on these state-of-the-art passenger jets.
Today is the 226th anniversary of our nation’s Constitution, providing the frame for limited government of, for, and by the people. Beginning with the Bill of Rights that were subsequently adopted, the Constitution has been amended over the past two and a half centuries to protect and expand our rights. The freedoms granted by the Constitution are to be cherished and defended by we the people of the United States. On this Constitution Day, I encourage everyone to take time to study the Constitution, discuss it with friends and family, and remain engaged in the world’s oldest democratic experiment that was initiated by the genius of our Founding Fathers.
A few weeks ago, Robba and I attended the 12th Annual Treads & Threads gala benefiting patients at the University of Kansas Cancer Center (KUCC). I was pleased to hear this week that this year's event raised a record-setting $1.35 million to support personalized care for KUCC patients – a tailored cancer treatment plan for patients based on their unique genetic identity and the genetic identity of their cancer. Congrats to event chairs Terry and Peggy Dunn and honorary chairs Kent Sunderland and Charlie Sunderland on your successful event that will make a real difference for cancer patients and their families.
Tonight, the White House announced that former Army Capt. Will Swenson will finally receive the Medal of Honor. On Sept. 8, 2009, in Ganjgal, Afghanistan, Will saved numerous lives after his team was ambushed by insurgents in an attack killing and wounding a number of U.S. servicemen and Afghan soldiers. At the time of his selfless acts, Will was deployed from Fort Riley and wore the 1st ID badge as a member of a Military Transition Team working with Afghan soldiers. Much time has passed, but I’m happy to see that Will’s nomination has finally received Presidential attention and is getting the recognition he deserves. He will be the sixth living service member to receive the nation’s top valor award for actions in Iraq or Afghanistan.
Today, there was a tragic shooting at the U.S. Naval Yard in Washington, D.C. - just half a mile from the Capitol. We're receiving word that there has been loss of life and several injuries. Please keep the victims, their families, and our brave law enforcement officers and first responders in your thoughts and prayers as we wait for resolution.
As the fair winds down today, I hope you had a chance to enjoy the exciting rides and the delicious food, but also checked out the exhibit halls, livestock barns, and countless educational opportunities. Hopefully, you left with a greater appreciation for the farmers and ranchers who work hard to make certain Kansas remains the special place we love to call home. Thank you to the Kansas State Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to ensure the success of the 100th Kansas State Fair.
It was good to hear from Kansans again this weekend at the Kansas State Fair. I visited with Kyle and Kaid Sasse of Arnold who are showing livestock. I also talked with Connie Hall of the Geary County Convention and Visitor's Bureau, as well as 1st grade students at Union Valley Elementary School of Hutchinson. It was good to get a dose of Kansas common sense before I head back to Washington tomorrow.
I traveled to Larned to see the recently completed construction of the Pawnee Valley Community Hospital (PVCH). The new 51,000 square foot facility sits on the site of the old St. Joseph Memorial Hospital which was built in the 1950s. The Larned community was faced with the potential closure of its hospital in 2009 until a partnership was established between Hays Medical Center and the City of Larned to keep its doors open. The efforts by the Larned community are truly an example of a community standing together when faced with a difficult circumstance.  Pictured here (left to right): Pawnee Valley Community Hospital Chief Nursing Officer Paul Carrington, Pawnee Valley Community Hospital Community Relations Coordinator Brenda Langdon, Pawnee Valley Community Hospital Administrator Matt Heyn, County Commission Chairman John Haas, Larned Mayor Bob Pivonka, and Pawnee County Attorney John Settle.
Last weekend, I enjoyed spending time at the Kansas State Fair where I caught up with KBUF Ag and Information Leader's Lory Williams. We discussed Syria, CRP haying and grazing, the Farm Bill, and other issues facing our state. I encourage you to click the link below to hear our conversation.
This weekend Jewish families will observe the high holy day Yom Kippur—a day of atonement. I hope all observing have a meaningful day.
This week I joined Sen. John Cornyn to introduce the Honoring the Fort Hood Heroes Act - legislation to honor and support the victims of the Nov. 5, 2009, Fort Hood shooting. Our bill would designate the Fort Hood shooting a terrorist attack, which would make victims and their families eligible for benefits that have been previously withheld. For nearly four years, the victims of the tragic Fort Hood shooting have failed to receive the equal honor and respect they deserve because the attack took place on U.S. soil rather than in a designated combat zone such as Afghanistan. I am proud to sponsor this bill to correct this injustice and provide much-deserved recognition and benefits to the Fort Hood shooting victims.
This morning, I attended a classified briefing in the White House situation room about potential military action in Syria.  If the Administration brings a vote before the Senate, I will vote against military intervention. I appreciate Kansans continuing to share their thoughts and concerns with me about this critical issue.
In case you missed my interview with KCMO Talk Radio's Greg Knapp this morning, listen to our discussion about Syria and Obamacare via the link below.
Tonight, I encourage you to join me at a town hall meeting over the telephone. It will be an opportunity for you to share your thoughts and provide feedback, as well as a chance for me to hear from you about a number of critical issues facing Kansas and our nation.  The call will begin at 5:30 p.m. CST. Dial 877-229-8493 and enter passcode 111963 to join the conversation. I look forward to speaking with you.
After meeting with President Obama yesterday, and reviewing his speech to Americans last night, I remain strongly opposed to the use of military force in Syria. It is becoming increasingly clear that the President does not have a coherent strategy for intervention. He continually fails to detail the parameters of our national security interests, goals and an exit strategy.  A vote in Congress has been put on hold as the Administration waits to see whether Russia’s interest in a diplomatic solution is genuine. I have serious doubts, and should the negotiations result in nothing, I expect the President to return to Capitol Hill and allow Congress to use its Constitutionally-vested power to debate and vote on whether to intervene in Syria. Our country cannot afford another conflict that taxes our resources without achieving goals that advance American interests.
Twelve years after the attacks of September 11, 2001, we recall the terror of that morning and those who bravely acted on behalf of America in the seconds, days and months following. The world has changed since that horrific morning, but the American spirit remains resilient and strong.   We also pause remember the four American lives lost in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi just one year ago today. As the families of those lost continue to search for answers, we must reaffirm our commitment to protecting this country and its ideals from those who wish to do us harm.
My Senate colleagues and I will soon meet with President Obama to hear his thoughts about potential military action in Syria. I've indicated that I will vote against the resolution to use military force, and will let you know what I learn. I appreciate Kansans continuing to share their thoughts and concerns with me.
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Back in Washington, D.C., debate on Syria intervention continues, celebrating a century of the Kansas State Fair, visiting the Durham community, and more.
Flags remain at half-staff in Kansas today to honor Kansas State Representative Ed Bideau of Chanute who passed away on Thursday. Representative Bideau worked tirelessly to serve his hometown and the state of Kansas, and his family, friends and colleagues are in my thoughts and prayers.
Before flying back to Washington D.C. this morning, I stopped by Turner House Children's Clinic in Kansas City, Kansas. In 2012, the clinic earned national recognition as a Patient-Centered Medical Home by the National Council of Quality Assurance. The quality of care provided by the medical home is paying off through positive outcomes for kids in KCK. Thanks to Executive Director Janet Burton for taking time to share the good things Turner House is making happen in Kansas.
I recently announced the members of my 2013 Kansas Service Academy Selection Board. The 20-member board will review the 75 applications for nomination my office received and interview candidates who are applying for admission to U.S. Service Academies. Our country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country through the Armed Forces. I’m certain the Selection Board will have a challenging time narrowing the field of qualified candidates, but I value their insight and thank them for their service.
I enjoyed spending the weekend visiting with Kansans at the 100th Annual Kansas State Fair. The conversations were again dominated by concerns with U.S. involvement in Syria, as well as the uncertainty surrounding the Farm Bill. Tomorrow I will be back in Washington and will keep in mind the thoughts and feedback Kansans shared with me — thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
I enjoyed a delicious lunch today in Hutchinson at the Anchor Inn. It was great to visit with Greg Flores and his son Antonio who is a freshman at Trinity Catholic High School.
Access to quality, affordable housing for seniors is vital to communities across our state because it determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home. Today, I was proud to participate in the grand opening ceremony for Riverview Senior Residences, a 36-unit senior housing development that provides increased affordable housing options for senior residents in the South Hutchinson community. It is the first project in South Hutchinson to receive Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and the first multi-unit residential development in a decade.  I was glad to have the opportunity to take part in this initial groundbreaking for the complex last October (top photo), and it was great to see the whole team again today at the grand opening (bottom photo). Thanks to South Hutchinson Mayor Dave Pitman, the South Hutchinson City Council, Builders Development Corporation Executive Director Michael Snodgrass, Kelley Hrabe and Rudy Manes with Prairie Fire Development Group, and Fred Bentley and Dennis Mesa of the Kansas Housing Resources Corporation.
I encourage you to tune in or listen live to WIBW radio now to hear Senator Roberts and me speak with the Kansas Ag Network's Kelly Lenz.   www.wibwnewsnow.com
This morning at the Kansas State Fair, I joined Governor Brownback, Senator Roberts and Congressman Huelskamp – along with agriculture leaders from across the state – at the annual Ag Leaders Briefing. With the continued drought and the uncertainty surrounding the Farm Bill I appreciated talking with producers and getting a good dose of Kansas common sense before I head back to Washington this week. It’s vital that we make certain agriculture  is profitable and sustainable to allow future generations of farmers and ranchers to continue this tradition in Kansas. Thanks to President Steve Baccus and the Kansas Farm Bureau for hosting this long-running event.
I hope you'll join me in celebrating a century of the Kansas State Fair in Hutchinson, which runs through Sept. 15. Members of my staff will be available throughout the 10-day event in the Pride of Kansas Building to provide information, listen to feedback and answer questions.
Tonight, we attended the 12th Annual Treads & Threads gala benefiting patients at the University of Kansas Cancer Center. Since 2002, Treads & Threads has raised nearly $6.4 million to improve and advance cancer patient care. Proceeds from this year’s event held at the Kansas Speedway will support personalized care for KUCC patients – a tailored cancer treatment plan for patients based upon their unique genetic identity and the genetic identity of their cancer. A great night for a great cause. Now I'm getting on the road and heading for Hutchinson for the State Fair tomorrow. Hope to see you there.
It was an honor to see Robba inducted into the Hall of Fame at Van Horn High School in Kansas City. She was recognized for her efforts in teaching, music and education. I also esteem my wife for her role as wife and mother. Thank you and congratulations.
Just a reminder that today is my office's application deadline for possible nomination to a Service Academy for the class entering in the summer of 2014. These include the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy and U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.  We've already received 62 applications. Our country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country through the Armed Forces.
This morning I visited the Washburn Institute of Technology in Topeka, a nationally recognized innovator in career and technical education. I enjoyed visiting with faculty and students and learned about how the school serves both adult and high school students with career and industry specific training in construction, health care, human services, technology and transportation. Thanks to Dean Clark Coco for the informative tour.
It's a beautiful morning in Kansas as the sun rises over the Flint Hills. It's also a special day for our family - our veterinarian-to-be daughter turns 23, and Robba gets recognized by being inducted into her High School Hall of Fame for her accomplishments in music, teaching and education.
It was good to see my friends in Belleville today at the Republic County Hospital. We discussed the unique challenges facing rural hospitals, as well as the great care they are providing to patients in North Central Kansas. Thanks to Administrator Blaine Miller for the invitation to visit.
I’m in North Central Kansas today, and concerns over U.S. involvement in Syria have dominated my conversations. I've indicated that I will vote against the resolution to use military force and appreciate Kansans continuing to share their thoughts and concerns with me.  There are questions about Members of Congress not being in session in Washington, D.C. If this issue is of such importance that we would risk the lives of our military men and women, the President should have called us back to work. The fact is, he did not – and Majority Leader Harry Reid chose not to as well.   I will be back in Washington and the Senate will be in session on Monday. In the meantime, I will continue to make myself available to Kansans. Please continue to share your thoughts below, or visit moran.senate.gov to reach out to my office.
During my drive today I stopped by the community of Miltonvale and visited with folks at City Hall, the Kountry Kafé, First National Bank, the Post Office, Ruth's Beauty Shop and Twin Valley Telephone. It was good to reconnect with Dave and Genevieve Jones of Clyde while in Miltonvale. We first met at the WWII Memorial last year when Dave was on an Honor Flight. He is a veteran of WWII, Korea and Vietnam.
At sundown, Jewish families in Kansas and around the world are celebrating Rosh Hashanah, a holiday that marks the new year of the Hebrew Calendar and the beginning of the High Holy Days. I wish all those celebrating Rosh Hashanah a happy holiday and sweet new year.
On my way to McPherson yesterday, I had the opportunity to spend time in Durham, and stopped by the Post Office as well as several local businesses, including White Farm Equipment, Co-op Gas Station, Agri Producers, Inc. and the Main Street Café.  I'm glad to say the small town cafe is alive and well in Durham. Not only did I have a some great conversations with the noon lunch crowd, but the food was excellent. So much for avoiding dessert...the peach pie was delicious. I will certainly be back.
I encourage you to tune in or listen live to KMBZ 980 AM this morning during the 8 o'clock hour. I look forward to speaking with E.J. Becker and Ellen Schenk.
While in Sedgwick County today, I spent time members of the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. It was a pleasure to visit with these local small business owners and job creators about how what they do contributes to our most important civic responsibility — making certain the next generation has the opportunity to pursue and achieve the American Dream. Chamber members also shared concerns with regulatory overreach in the health care, banking and energy sectors.  Thank you to Chamber Chairwoman Debbie Gann for the invitation to participate and to Former Chamber Chairman Sam Williams for the kind introduction.
This afternoon I met with members of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's (JDRF) Wichita Chapter. JDRF is the leading global organization funding type 1 diabetes research with more than 80 percent of their donations directly supporting research. Thank you for the good work you do.
This afternoon I visited American Maplan Corporation in McPherson to tour the company and learn more about their manufacturing operation. Impressively, Maplan was the second company in Kansas history to earn the OSHA SHARP designation for employee safety, going without an employee accident for more than 11 years. In fact, more than 150 Kansas companies have now received this designation thanks to Maplan's leadership.  After the tour, I held a forum with more than 70 employees and listened to their thoughts on Syria, Obamacare, immigration reform and technical education. Thanks to everyone for your candid thoughts, and to Mayor and former-Congressman Dick Nichols for joining us.
On my way to McPherson, Kansas, today I stopped in Pilsen at the church Fr. Emil Kapaun grew up attending, St. John Nep. Catholic Church.  Father Kapaun has inspired many with his unshakable faith and relentless courage. His story of self-sacrifice is a reminder that the strength of our nation lies within its people.
We also joined the residents of Chapman for their Labor Day parade. Robba and I had the opportunity to ride with Fort Riley Commanding General’s Mounted Color Guard. Before, during and after both parades today I had numerous conversations with Kansans whose sentiments overall were to stay out of Syria and stop Obamacare. Thanks to Phil Weishaar for the invitation to this terrific community event.
Robba and I enjoyed participating in Hoisington’s Labor Day celebration this morning, which attracts Kansans from across the state. Thanks to the students who walked with us and to the Hoisington Chamber for the invitation.
The Hoisington Labor Day Parade begins!
While in Western Kansas today, I also stopped by Rooks County Golf Club for a wedding reception for Will Ruder and his new bride, Elizabeth. Will is my staff member for banking and energy issues.  While in town, Robba and I brought cake to the Rooks County Health Center Cafeteria in honor of long-time family friend Gary Hick's birthday. None of the folks pictured are patients at the hospital - just those who cook and serve meals as well as community folks who take advantage of the good food served in the cafeteria.  Tomorrow, I'm visiting Hoisington and Chapman for their Labor Day celebrations. Robba and I look forward to being with you - thank you for the invitations!
Today I enjoyed celebrating Natoma’s 125th Anniversary at their annual Labor Day celebration with a chili feed and gospel music festival. Events like these are a great way for me to visit with Kansans on the issues affecting their lives, businesses and rural community.
Congress will soon use its Constitutionally-vested power to debate and vote on whether to intervene in Syria. America cannot afford another conflict that taxes our resources without achieving goals that advance American interests, and I will not support authorizing military action against Syria at this time.
Momentarily, I'll be joining my Senate colleagues on a conference call with Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice about Syria to learn more about this important issue directly from the Administration.
Robba and I visited with many folks from across Kansas last night at the K-State Football Game including two K-State students: former student body president Nate Spriggs of Riverton and former student body vice president Grant Hill of Whitewater.   I appreciated the many conversations regarding Syria, health care and agriculture, but was disappointed by the game's outcome.
I enjoyed catching up with Kansas State University Football Coach Bill Snyder at the dedication of the new West Stadium Center this morning. Good luck to Coach Snyder and the student athletes who will take on North Dakota State in tonight's season opener.
Tonight, Kansas Regent Robba Moran and I joined 1,500 K-State Sports fans to celebrate the new West Stadium Center at Bill Snyder Family Stadium.
This morning, I enjoyed stopping by the Lenexa Chamber of Commerce Coffee/5th Annual Football Kickoff Tailgate hosted by The Fiser Group. It was good to visit with chamber members about issues affecting their companies and community.
Today I marked Startup Day Across America with Congressman Kevin Yoder by visiting with entrepreneurs and innovators in Kansas City’s growing Startup Village. Building personal relationships with entrepreneurs is especially important for policymakers because our conversations offer insights into the health of our economy and the challenges emerging businesses face: an arcane tax code, a burdensome regulatory environment, limited access to capital, and a global battle for talent.  I enjoyed meeting with the owners of the following Startups located in the Kansas City Startup Village: Leap2, Local Ruckus, FormZapper, Handprint, Eye Verify, Squareoffs, Lantern, Traveling Nuker, Rocket Fuel and RFP365. The success of startups like these lead to technological advancement, economic growth and job opportunities across America. A startup-considerate Congress is apt to produce the smarter policies our country needs and Washington has long been looking for.
Today I had the opportunity to visit the KU Alzheimer's Disease Center and learn about the advancements they are making with patients – and I was very impressed. The KU Center is one of only 29 National Institute of Aging designated and funded Alzheimer's Disease Centers in the United States. The elite designation means that KU ADC is working to translate research advances into improved diagnoses and care for Alzheimer's patients, while also trying to find a way to cure and even prevent the disease. 
 
 Our consistent, sustained support of medical research like what is being done at KU ADC is essential to saving and improving lives, growing our economy, and maintaining America’s role as a global leader in medical innovation. This commitment will benefit our children and our country for generations to come.
 
 Thanks to Dr. Jeff Burns for the informative and impressive tour. Thanks also to Dr. Russell Swerdlow, Director of the KU AD Center, Dr. Rick Barohn, Deputy Director and Director of Frontiers: Heartland Institute of Clinical and Translational Research, and Lauren Aaronson, RN, PhD, Deputy Director of Frontiers.
The 50th Anniversary of Martin Luther King, Jr.’s March on Washington is a time to celebrate that we live in a nation where democracy rules and where our children and grandchildren can achieve the American Dream.
Congrats to Lenexa, Kansas, for recently being named the 2013 Google eCity for our state. Google worked with an independent market research company to determine which city in each state across the country is best embracing online technology and has the strongest online business community. Through the web, businesses in Lenexa are finding new customers, connecting with existing clients and fueling the local economy.
 
 http://www.google.com/economicimpact/ecities/
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Monitoring veterans' treatment at Walter Reed Medical Center, meeting with Leadership Kansas in KCK, visiting Kansas Cadets at the US Air Force Academy (Official), traveling across Northwest Kansas, and more.
September 3, 2012 - The Hoisington Labor Day Parade begins.
Last week, it was brought to my attention that the IRS intends to audit veteran service organizations by requiring the local American Legion or other veteran service organization to provide DD-214 Forms from every post member. If an organization is unable or not willing to turn over this personal information, they could face a fine of $1,000 per day.  I am concerned about this news, and am reaching out to Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel to insist on answers. At an absolute minimum, the IRS should cease carrying out this mandate until further review, as we must make certain the IRS is not overstepping its bounds of privacy and respect for our nation’s heroes. Surely the IRS has higher priorities than targeting our servicemen and women and our country’s veterans.
Here's a photo from my 999th Town Hall Meeting at the Liberal Lions Club. I'm visiting with Kay Burtzloff, Seward County United Way Director and United Way of Kansas President-Elect.
Startling news from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) today: In 2011, while the VA disability claims backlog ballooned by 155 percent, more than two-thirds of the individuals who process those claims shared $5.5 million in bonuses. The Washington Post reports that more complex claims were often set aside by workers so they could keep their jobs, meet performance standards or, in some cases, collect extra pay. All Americans should be outraged – as these VA employees enjoy bonuses, more than 600,000 veterans are stuck in the claims backlog, some waiting more than 1,000 days for wartime disability compensation.
I spent time this morning seeking the thoughts of Kansans in the county seat of Haskell County, Sublette. One of my stops was at USD 374 where I had conversations with Superintendent Rex Bruce and Central Office Secretary Paula Leverett. Students will head back to the classrooms on Thursday.
Today at noon, I'm holding a Town Hall meeting in Liberal at the Seward County Community College Area Technical School in conjunction with the Lions Club. Please join us if you can - I'm looking forward to getting a good dose of Kansas common sense.
A little work this Sunday evening with a visit to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center/Reno County EMS. I listened and toured the facility with CEO Kevin Miller and CFO Ken Johnson. We had a good discussion about the Affordable Care Act and other financial pressures on health care in Kansas. Even so, it's evident great things are happening here to provide quality care to the residents of South Central Kansas.
This morning I joined Fort Hays State University (FHSU) faculty, staff, students and alumni to dedicate the new Schmidt-Bickle Indoor Training Facility. The 50,400-square foot facility will be used year-round by all athletic programs at FHSU. It houses a 65-yard multi-sport practice field; batting cages; 70-yard, three-lane synthetic track and jump pits; a 5,000-square foot state-of-the-art weight room; and a team meeting room.  Don and Chris Bickle and Bob and Pat Schmidt, as well as the the long list of donors whose contributions funded this project are to be commended. Congrats to FHSU President Dr. Hammond and his administration, the FHSU Foundation President/CEO Tim Chapman, and FHSU Athletic Director Curtis Hammeke and the athletics department on a job well done.
This morning, I helped veteran-founded and operated company Patriot Outfitters celebrate the grand opening of their world headquarters in Saint Marys, Kansas. Patriot Outfitters, which employs 130 individuals, is one of the leading suppliers of tactical gear and equipment for members of our military with 26 retails stores around the country.
Last night I enjoyed meeting with the 2013 Leadership Kansas Class and alumni in Kansas City, Kansas. The program is an opportunity for individuals from across the state to further develop their leadership skills and learn more about communities, businesses and issues impacting Kansas. Here, I'm pictured with Kansas Leadership Alumnus Clint Robinson of Overland Park.
On the heels of Americans’ anger over revelations that the IRS intentionally targeted certain groups, it has been brought to my attention that the IRS is now turning their sights toward our nation’s veterans. The IRS is attempting to audit Veteran Service Organizations, particularly American Legion posts nationwide, requiring private member military service forms. If an American Legion post is unable or not willing to turn over this personal information, it’s possible they could face a fine of $1,000 per day. I am deeply concerned about this revelation and will insist on answers. This policy seems to be crafted with the oversight of Lois Lerner and deserves, at a minimum, a thorough look to make certain the IRS is not overstepping bounds of privacy and respect for our nations heroes.
Around 9:30 a.m. CT, I'll be speaking with KKAN/KQMA Radio's Tad Felts. I hope you'll listen live.
As I traveled across Northwest Kansas yesterday, I spoke with KRVN 880 Rural Radio's Dave Schroeder about the Farm Bill and ongoing drought. Listen to my interview here.
Traveling across the state today, I saw this mural that portrays life on a Kansas farm. Can you name the town where it's located?
I encourage you to read my weekly enewsletter, #KansasCommonSense: Touring the National Institute for Aviation Research, Wichita State University, meeting with Bonner Springs Rotary Club, attending a roundtable with hospital administrators and more.
Here's a photo this morning's sunrise in Northwest Kansas. I look forward to visiting the Saint Francis community today.
Today I enjoyed getting to know eight Kansas Cadets at the US Air Force Academy (Official) in Colorado Springs. Days like these serve as a reminder that Kansas produces smart, hard-working and civic-minded individuals who want to give back to their country. Here I’m pictured with the U.S. Air Force Academy’s recently appointed and first female Superintendent, Lieutenant General Michelle Johnson. She also has Kansas ties, as she commanded the 22nd Air Refueling Wing at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita from 2002-2004. 
 
 The Kansas Cadets pictured here are Charles H. Apt IV of Iola, James R. Carney of Overland Park, Jacob A. Helm of Norcatur, Christopher (Chris) S. Haley of Wichita, Courtney Keplinger of Overland Park, Taylor Pearce of Wallace, Eric Ruth of Johnson, and Eric Timpe of Paola.
 
 If you or someone you know is interested in applying for a U.S. Service Academy, visit my website. Summer 2014 applications are due by Friday, Sept. 6, 2013.
I am greatly concerned by the violence and unrest in Egypt. Last month, I supported Senator Rand Paul’s amendment to eliminate U.S. aid to Egypt. We cannot afford spending on ineffective policies that fail to make America safer.
Yesterday I toured SEKTAM of Independence, Inc., a manufacturing company that has been in the tooling and molding business for 40 years. Chris Moore, the owner and president of SEKTAM, started working here at an entry-level position and is proof that the American Dream still exists today. During my tour we discussed regulatory concerns, which are affecting him as a small business owner. Here, I'm pictured with Chris and his son, Alex, who are demonstrating how to make a mold.
As Kansas students head back to school, here's a photo of me from a few years back at Plainville Grade School. #tbt
This week, I joined hospital administrators from across Kansas at Susan B. Allen Memorial Hospital in El Dorado for a roundtable meeting. We discussed concerns with the Electronic Health Records transition, as well as implementation of the Affordable Care Act and the new Exchanges’ impact on hospitals. Thanks to Susan B. Allen CEO Gayle Arnett for hosting this productive session.
Today, I spoke at the monthly Wichita Independent Business Association (WIBA) meeting about numerous topics including issues facing small businesses, technology and education. We need to make certain that as we face an increasingly competitive global economy, our kids have the opportunity to pursue careers right here in Kansas. I’m pictured with Gary Oborny and Chad Stafford of Occidental Management.
During my visit to the National Institute for Aviation Research (NIAR) at Wichita State University today, it was a pleasure to meet testing facility employees Colin Phillips and Caleb Brening. Not only is the NIAR the largest university aviation research and development institution in the United States, but it also seamlessly integrates business, government and university entities to advance aviation technology in the "Air Capital of the World."
In this week's Kansas Common Sense, my enewsletter: the USDA approves CP25 emergency haying and grazing, my floor speech on the ACA, visiting Minneapolis, meeting with Kansas bankers, and much more.
Congrats to Kansas City Kansas Community College (KCKCC) faculty, staff and students on the Dr. Thomas R. Burke Technical Education Center (TEC) that officially opened today with a ribbon cutting ceremony. The facility will provide current and future students with an opportunity to learn more than 20 hands-on technical skilled trades. TEC is located in a former WalMart that was completely renovated and reconstructed. Pictured to my right is Mary Flunder and on my left is Wendell Maddox, Dr. Ray Daniels and Cathy Breidenthal—all KCKCC Trustees.
I joined the Bonner Springs Rotarians for lunch today as their guest speaker. We discussed sequestration, veterans and regulatory issues the members are facing. The club is also busy preparing for Bonner Springs' annual heritage festival: Tiblow Days. Thank you to immediate past president Judy Cox for the invitation to speak.
I was glad to be in Victoria this morning to join so many great folks at the Herzogfest. This free annual event celebrates Victoria's German heritage and has something fun for the entire family - from an antique tractor pull to kids games and live music. The event will cap off with a large fireworks display this evening. If you're in the area, be sure to stop by. Thanks again to Jerry Freitag for driving me in the parade.
Sporting Kansas City's 2012 U.S. Open Cup victory qualified them as one of just two American soccer clubs to participate in the 2013 CONCACAF Champions League, a competition of the best teams in Central America, North America and the Caribbean. Tonight Sporting KC plays the first match of their Champions League campaign in Nicaragua against Real Esteli.
Though drought persists in western Kansas, other areas of our state face flooding. Be safe and lookout for floodwater on roads.
I'm continuing my day in Western Kansas at the Sherman County Fair. Here's a photo of Dani Mangus of Kanorado, and a member of the Ruleton Eager Beaver 4-H Club, showing me Charlie — her boer goat. Judging is about to begin.
Before attending Rotary in Colby I stopped by Western Plains Energy LLC ethanol production plant in Oakley. Someday soon, this plant will produce advanced biofuel from sorghum. Western Plains Energy is currently completing startup of an anaerobic digester system which will power the plant with methane as well as utilizing other advanced technologies. It was a very interesting visit - I'm excited for what the future holds for Western Plains and new advancements in biofuel.
Today I joined the Colby Rotary Club for their meeting at the Colby Community College Student Union and had the opportunity to speak with my fellow Rotarians about several local, state and national issues including banking regulations hurting community banks, rural hospitals' concerns with Obamacare, and our national debt. I'm grateful to everyone who attended today, including State Rep. Ward Cassidy and State Sen. Ralph Ostmeyer. The Colby Rotarians clearly live their lives by Four-Way Test and are committed to doing whatever they can to better their community and our world.
I made a visit to Minneapolis this morning to check on the reopening of the Post Office which was shut down on July 7 after the collapse of the Parker House Hotel right next door. For the last few weeks, residents have had to travel long distances to pick up and send mail, and they could not even buy stamps locally. I’m so glad to see this community post office open for business. The visit also gave me a chance to walk downtown and hear from folks. The Ottawa County Commission was meeting at the Courthouse and I appreciated my conversation with Commissioners James Kay, Kathy Luthi Karen Brumbaugh.
Today I visited Onaga for the Pottawatomie County Fair Parade and a visit with the Board of Trustees and leadership of the Community Healthcare System with hospitals in Onaga and St. Mary’s. During my travels I saw beautiful churches in Blaine, Wheaton, Duluth, Onaga and Louisville. Fitting scenes from a Sunday drive in Kansas.
Good Sunday morning!
This morning at 11:10 a.m. CT I'll visit with Shannon Bream on Fox News Channel about my concerns with the IRS implementing Obamacare as well as the importance of creating jobs for Americans by passing a series of smaller, targeted immigration reform bills. Unfortunately, the Senate's all-or-nothing approach to legislating resulted in one massive and flawed bill. Please tune in!
I'm glad I had the opportunity to visit with First Sergeant Chad Dikeman and Captain Jason Knudson of the 469 Ground Ambulance tonight at the All American Beef Battalion steak feed and thank them for their service.
This evening I joined more than 350 soldiers and their families at a steak feed at the Great Plains Joint Training Center in Salina. The event is sponsored by the All American Beef Battalion, which supports our brave troops by organizing steak feeds, entertainment, programs, meetings and projects for service members and their families.
This morning, my friend, Bishop George Fitzsimons of the Diocese of Salina was laid to rest. Even through his retirement, Bishop Fitzsimons remained dedicated to the diocese and caring for individuals in need.
Today, I joined Senator Pat Roberts in introducing legislation to honor Lieutenant General Richard Seitz by designating the Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic as the “Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.”  Dick was a mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. I’m grateful for his commitment to serving the community of Junction City and am delighted to honor him by working to name the community-based outpatient clinic in his honor.
This week, I joined a bipartisan group of Senators to introduce the Good Samaritan Hunger Relief Tax Incentive Act. The bill would continue and expand a proven, effective tax incentive to encourage businesses and farms to donate surplus food to local food banks. This legislation is a commonsense solution to increase food bank contributions — in rural and urban areas alike — and make use of the millions of pounds of food that go to waste each year. It is especially critical during these difficult economic times when food banks have an increased need to provide emergency food assistance.
Recently, I introduced legislation to ensure a healthy future for Kansas' community banks. The Community Lending Enhancement and Regulatory (CLEAR) Relief Act would strip away outdated, unnecessary regulation and allow community banks to focus on what they do best: provide loans to their communities and help small businesses grow.  I encourage you to read the American Banker article below that discusses this legislation as well as an estimated 30 pending bills between the House and Senate to ease the regulatory burden on community banks.
Wichita, Kansas, was recently named one of the top military friendly cities in the U.S. according to MilitaryFriendly.com. Their study takes into account the number of job openings, school campuses and registered veteran-owned businesses, as well as the cost of living and the local unemployment rate. Wichita is home to thousands of individuals with ties to the military, and I’m pleased to see the community is being recognized for supporting our brave soldiers and veterans.
On September 14, Operation Roll Out 2013 — a motorcycle rally fundraiser — will take place in Topeka to benefit disabled combat veterans. Proceeds from this year’s event, spearheaded by GallantFew, Inc., will benefit SFC Phillip Kitts who is working to start his own photography business. Thank you to SFC Kitts and all veterans for your service and sacrifice for our nation.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense, my enewsletter: the student loan interest rate bill's passage in the Senate, the three-year anniversary of Dodd-Frank, honoring the life of Lieutenant General Richard Seitz, the Wilson After Harvest Czech Festival, and much more.
My photo honoring Senator Bob Dole for his 90th birthday made TIME's "This Week's Best Politico Instagram Photos." To see more photos, follow me on Instagram here: http://instagram.com/senjerrymoran.
Beginning in the 1870s, Czech immigrants from Bohemia migrated to Wilson, Kansas, to work on the railroad, establishing the community’s culture and eventual designation as the “Czech Capital of Kansas.” This morning I was pleased to join Wilson residents in celebration of their heritage at the community’s 53rd Annual After Harvest Czech Festival.
Today is the 60th anniversary of the cease-fire that halted the 1950-53 Korean War. I encourage you to pay tribute to U.S. veterans of the Korean War today. The Wichita American Legion is hosting an event in their honor.
This month a Kansas farmer harvested our state’s 25th billionth bushel of wheat over the past century. The bushel came from Solomon Creek Farms near Colby, and according to Kansas Wheat, 25 billion bushels equals more than one trillion commercial loaves of bread.    To celebrate our farmers and all they do, I encourage you to watch this video that captures the long days and hard work through the poem,“Wheat Harvest,” by Marjorie Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thank you to all the farmers, farm families and everyone who helped to make it a safe and productive wheat harvest.
County fair season is in full swing and 4-Hers across the state are busy showing livestock, crafts, sewing projects and much more. As the largest youth organization in Kansas, 4-H makes a difference in the lives young people who are being equipped with skills that will help them become successful in life. Congrats to all participants, including Washington County 4-Her Heidi Stegman who received Grand Champion for her market goat. Thanks also to the parents, volunteers and local businesses who support these young individuals at the fair.
The 52nd annual U.S. Senate Youth Program is now accepting applications from high school juniors and seniors for its week-long government and leadership education program. Selected students will receive an all-expense paid trip to D.C. to take part in the program and a $5,000 scholarship. The deadline to apply is October 10, 2013. For more information, visit their website.
In the interest of students, parents and taxpayers, I am pleased to support an agreement to address the July 1, 2013, student loan rate hike. This legislation provides much-needed certainty and savings to all students and families who are working to invest in their futures through higher education.  In contrast to the current law, this solution lowers rates for all students taking out new federal student loans, while saving taxpayers more than $700 million over the next decade. Higher education is often a family’s most important investment, and it is critically important that this legislation is signed into law before students return to campuses and classrooms in a few short weeks. We ought to make certain that everyone has the opportunity to pursue their dreams through additional education.
Today I introduced legislation to ensure a healthy future for Kansas' community banks. The Community Lending Enhancement and Regulatory (CLEAR) Relief Act would provide regulatory relief to community banks and their customers as well as support the housing recovery. By stripping away outdated or unnecessary regulation, the CLEAR Relief Act would help community banks focus on what they do best: provide loans to their communities and help small businesses grow.  I continue to hear concerns from Kansas bankers who are hesitant to lend as they wait for the next burdensome regulation to come out of Washington. Until banks are willing and able to make prudent loans to hometown customers, job creation will remain stifled and our economic recovery will continue to lag.
The Hero2HiredNM Mobile Job Fair will be at Fort Leavenworth this weekend. Hero2Hired aims to help reserve service members and veterans find civilian jobs by providing tools and opportunities to connect with military-friendly companies. As our country honors service members and veterans who have sacrificed so much for our nation, we must also make certain they are afforded the freedoms and opportunities they helped to preserve.
Wheat harvest is a special time of year across the state, but even as it winds down, we know Kansas farmers work hard year-round to put food on our tables and keep the shirts on our backs. To celebrate our farmers and all they do, I encourage you to watch this video that captures the long days and hard work through the poem,“Wheat Harvest,” by Marjorie Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thank you to all the farmers, farm families and everyone who helped to make it a safe and productive wheat harvest.
As Kansans continue to cope with a less than ideal amount of rainfall, I met with Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Director Adrian Polansky to discuss farmers and ranchers’ much-needed access to Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) acres. Due to the ongoing drought, FSA is opening up CRP acres to allow cattle producers access to haying and grazing. If you have questions regarding eligibility or access, click the link below to contact your county FSA office. I am committed to making certain farmers and ranchers are provided with additional forage resources during this challenging time.
 
 http://1.usa.gov/OYw9kb
As we pay tribute to Senator Bob Dole on his 90th birthday, I encourage you to watch this video that was created to help him celebrate. The video was coordinated by the Bipartisan Policy Center—the think tank that Senator Dole cofounded. About four minutes in, you can see Senator Pat Roberts and I wish him a happy birthday on behalf of all Kansans.
Today, we honored the life of Lieutenant General Richard Seitz at St. Xavier's in Junction City. He lived a life of service to his country and its citizens. To learn more about Lt. Gen. Seitz, view the remarks I gave on the U.S. Senate Floor as a tribute to him.
It’s an honor to wish Sen. Dole a happy birthday today. Americans know the sacrifice Sen. Dole made on their behalf during WWII, and every Kansan knows that he’s been there for us every day since. God bless Sen. Dole — a true role model for us all.
Tonight, I attended the Amelia Earhart Festival in Atchison, held in honor of its favorite daughter, Amelia. The event was held on the lawn of the home Amelia was born in, which was built in 1861 on a river bluff with a beautiful view overlooking the Missouri River. Her home is now the Amelia Earhart Birthplace Museum and is a tourist destination to learn about her life as a female aviator. Here, I'm pictured with Rick Berger and Atchison Police Chief Mike Wilson.
I stopped by Russell Regional Hospital and met with the new CEO Harold Courtois today. It was great to speak with Harold, a Russell native, about issues facing critical access hospitals like Medicare reimbursement rates as well as the many advances the hospital is making in medicine and health care delivery.
Congrats to the University of Kansas Hospital’s nine specialty programs that are nationally ranked in the top 50 by U.S. News & World Report. These rankings are: Cancer (#27); Cardiology & Heart Surgery (#23); Diabetes & Endocrinology (#38); Ear, Nose & Throat (#21); Gastroenterology and GI Surgery (#19); Geriatrics (#18); Nephrology (kidney) (#35); Neurology & Neurosurgery (#20); and Pulmonology (#17). Keep up the great work on behalf of your Kansas patients.
Today, the Fiscal Year 2014 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill was approved with bipartisan support by the Senate Appropriations Committee. The bill includes $404 million for construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF), an amount equal to the U.S. House of Representatives approved appropriations bill and a critical step forward for the lab under construction in Manhattan, Kan.  This bill is good news for Kansas and for the country: it means we’re on the way to constructing a modern, world-class facility — a vital component to protect Americans against biological threats. A great aspect for Kansas is that NBAF’s construction is yet another opportunity to develop our state as a research epicenter, ultimately creating jobs for Kansans in the fields of engineering, science and technology.
The European Union’s decision to prohibit member countries from cooperating with or providing funding to Israeli organizations located in eastern Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Golan Heights harms the peace process. Moreover, the EU directive seeks to dictate borders that are indefensible and discriminates against hundreds of thousands of Israelis, including many living in Israel’s capital, Jerusalem. I join those calling on the EU to reverse this decision.
After Senate Democrats ignored this issue, tonight the House acted to protect American individuals, families and businesses from the cost and complication of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) by passing two bills to delay both the individual and employer ACA mandates. Even President Obama has acted to temporarily spare small-businesses from the swarm of regulations, taxes, and headaches that accompany compliance with this misguided law.  The House’s actions are a step in the right direction, but we’re not out of the woods yet. The problem continues to be the entire Affordable Care Act. President Obama and Senate Democrats ought to reconsider delaying the individual mandate and stop forcing Americans to pay the price of ObamaCare-driven dysfunction.
It was great to meet with Olpe-native Tyler Farthing and Tecumseh-native Jonathan Whitford today who are both in DC as delegates to the National Youth Science Camp. The camp selects 121 students from across the United States and from around the globe to take part the summer after they graduate from high school.
I’m glad to hear the Marine Corps agreed to keep their information technology center in Kansas City and preserve more than 400 jobs. Although other options were considered, the Marine Corps made the right choice and it will benefit the Kansas City community for years to come.
I’m pleased to hear the Day & Zimmermann (D&Z) land transfer process with the U.S. Army was completed yesterday. The agreement marks the end of nearly eight years of negotiations, will preserve more than 100 jobs, and keep plant operations open—all good news for the Parsons community and for Kansas. D&Z is a century-old, family-owned provider of caliber munitions and components.
Early this morning a freight train collision and derailment took place in Hays, Kansas, but thankfully no one was injured. My gratitude goes out to the firefighters and emergency personnel who battled the blaze and kept Kansans safe, as well as the American Red Cross volunteers who assisted the residents who were affected.
The streets of Topeka Regional Airport (formerly Forbes Field) will soon be easier to navigate thanks to renaming streets and assigning addresses to individual airport buildings. The streets will be named as a tribute to renowned Kansas aviators: Maj. Daniel Forbes, Merrill Ross, Lt. Gen. Frank Petersen Jr., Capt. Ronald Evans, Maj. Gen. Joe Engle, Alvin Johnston, Lt. Everett E. Fager, Mildred “Micky” Axton, Gen. Robert Cardenas, Col. James Jabara, Capt. Edward J. Dwight Jr., Lt. Erwin Bleckley and Amelia Earhart. Kansas has a long and remarkable history of supporting the world’s aviation industry, and honoring these individuals helps to keep that tradition alive.
Today, as a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, I voted in favor of the Homeland Security Fiscal Year 2014 Appropriations Bill, which was approved. It includes $404 million for construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF), an amount equal to House approved appropriations language and a critical step forward for this project.  It’s encouraging that both the House and Senate committed to funding levels that make certain construction of the main laboratory begins in tandem with the Central Utility Plant which is already underway. NBAF is critical to our national security in protecting our agriculture, economy and citizens from biological and zoonotic threats, and I look forward to its passage in full Senate Appropriations Committee on Thursday.
Congrats to Fort Riley Middle School for being selected as the 2012-2013 School of the Year by the National Association of Middle School Principals and Lifetouch. The selection criteria was based on efforts to promote academics, demonstrate improvement in discipline and attendance, and support of students’ academic achievement. I’m pleased the faculty and staff are being commended for their dedication and especially for supporting the military population of students whose parents serve our country.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense: negotiations on student loan interest rates continue, Labor-Health-Education Appropriations Markup, the House passes a Farm Bill and more.
It was great to speak with students, teachers and parents Bennington High School when they stopped by the U.S. Capitol during a trip to Washington, D.C., last week. I was impressed by their engaging questions and stories, and as always appreciated the good dose of Kansas common sense.
In case you missed it, click the link below to hear me discuss the House-passed farm bill and my efforts with Sen. Pat Roberts to address the availability of emergency haying and grazing of Conservation Reserve Program lands with the Kansas Ag Network's Kelly Lenz.
I'm also joining Agri Talk's Mike Adams on his program this morning at 10:30 a.m. CT—Tune in or listen live via the link below.
Tune in to Kansas Ag Network now to hear me speak with Kelly Lenz on the Ag Issues Program.
After each work week in Washington, I always look forward to my drive home across our beautiful state. It’s no surprise that SmarterTravel has named the Kansas Flint Hills one of the 10 most iconic drives in America.
It was a pleasure to meet with Anna Gorsuch, the Kansas Delegate to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF) 2013 Children’s Congress, and her father Lance. Anna is one of more than 160 of JDRF’s young advocates selected to come to Washington, D.C. to educate Members of Congress about type 1 diabetes. During our meeting, we discussed the importance of diabetes research and the latest scientific developments in diabetes prevention and treatment. I appreciate Anna sharing her personal story with me, as well as the opportunity to learn more about how type 1 diabetes affects the daily lives kids across the country.
While the Administration finally admitted last week that the employer mandate is unworkable in 2014, it now must recognize that the real problem continues to be the entire Affordable Care Act. Implementation has not lowered costs or increased access as promised, and if businesses are getting relief from Democrats’ costly, defective law, why aren’t all Americans?  Individuals and families still face rising health insurance costs, burdensome mandates, and uncertainty because of this flawed law. As Senate Appropriations Committee Ranking Member for the Subcommittee on Labor and Health and Human Services, I’m offering an amendment to the Labor-HHS-Ed Approps Bill on Thursday to delay the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate for Fiscal Year 2014. The amendment is a step in the right direction to dismantling and permanently delaying the Affordable Care Act.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense: the Administration delays the ACA employer mandate, federal student loan interest rates double, family-owned businesses are thriving in Pittsburg, thanking veterans on Independence Day, and more.
I recently heard good news about Project ARCH's expansion in Great Bend. Project ARCH is a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs program that enables rural veterans to receive care from local health care providers. The distances veterans — especially those living in rural America — are forced to travel for health care is a significant burden. With nearly 250,000 veterans living in Kansas, improving their access to quality health services closer to their homes is a top priority, and I will continue to look for ways to improve the services our veterans need and deserve.
Here's another picture from yesterday's Dole Veterans Affairs Transitional Living Center BBQ where I had the honor of thanking veterans in person for their service. I also enjoyed meeting 8-year-old Leon Harris who was there with his mother and proud to be wearing red, white and blue.
I wrapped up my Fourth of July celebrations by riding in Wamego’s Independence Day Parade. Their theme for the evening was “Glory for the Red, White and Blue." Have a safe, fun-filled celebration tonight.
I enjoyed speaking with some of the brave men and women who bravely sacrificed so much for our country at the Dole VA Transitional Living Center BBQ in Wichita. The food was good and the company was even better. Here, I'm pictured with U.S. Army Veteran Frank Bruner and U.S. Navy Veteran Willie Crump.
This morning I kicked off my Fourth of July celebrations riding in Derby’s Independence Day Parade. Thanks for the opportunity to be a part of your festivities. How are you celebrating today?
As we celebrate our great nation today with family and friends, take time to not only reflect on the sacrifices of those who ensure our freedom, but also how you can serve our country right here in Kansas.
Today, I gave remarks at Dodge City Lions Club and it was great to see Lions Club Members as well as Dodge City Community College President Don Woodburn. Lions Clubs International is the world’s largest service club organization with 1.35 million members in more than 45,000 clubs, including more than 270 clubs in Kansas. In addition to its efforts to conquer blindness, the organization has made a strong commitment to community service, disaster relief, and helping youth in Kansas and throughout the world.
Yesterday, I stopped by Munds Terminal, a Hutchinson-based Groendyke Transport affiliate. Groendyke is the fifth-largest tank truck carrier in the United States, operating 34 terminals in 12 states. I enjoyed learning the ways Munds Terminal and Groendyke work hard to meet customers' needs while emphasizing safety. Thanks to John Prather for the invitation and to Terminal Manager Mark Munds for the informative tour.
In Macksville, Kansas, this morning I had the opportunity to catch up with numerous residents. They've almost wrapped up harvest, and it was better than expected. These Kansans shared concerns about their schools, housing, over regulation of community banks, and a general feeling that Washington doesn't care about rural America. I will continue to advocate for protecting and preserving rural communities and the special way of life in Kansas.
Yesterday, I joined Kansas State University and the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) in Salina at an agricultural flight demonstration to underscore the benefits and economic impact of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). As the aerospace industry grows and looks to take on new UAS ventures and industries, there is real potential for this platform to be used responsibly and safely in an industry already booming in Kansas: agriculture. The number of ways farmers and ranchers can utilize UAS are endless — from mapping the spread of disease or insects within a field to applying fertilizer to a specific area of crops — and I look forward to continued progress in this field.
While the Administration finally admitted that the employer mandate is unworkable in 2014, it now must recognize that the real problem continues to be the entire Affordable Care Act. Implementation of the ACA has not lowered costs or increased access as promised. Individuals, families and employers still face increasing health insurance costs, new taxes overseen by what we have recently learned is a politically-biased IRS, burdensome mandates, and massive uncertainty because of this flawed law. The best course of action is to dismantle the ACA and replace it with practical reforms that are workable and will actually reduce health care costs.
Yesterday, I stopped by Pleasanton, Kansas, to visit with business leaders at Thriftway as well as city officials and the USD 344 Superintendent. Thank you for the warm welcome and updates on the plans in place to keep this rural community thriving.
During my visit to Pittsburg, I also gave remarks at Watco Companies LLC's 30th Anniversary Celebration. Watco has 3,200 employees around the globe, and is the second largest short-line operator in North America with 30 railroads serving 26 states, a few Canadian provinces and an operation in Western Australia. The street adjacent to Watco was appropriately re-named and unveiled today—“Watco Team Drive.” Here, I’m pictured with the Watco Team and Pittsburg community members.
 
 http://www.morningsun.net/topstories/x997475397/Watco-to-celebrate-30-years
This morning, it was a pleasure to help Jakes Fireworks celebrate the grand opening of their company's world headquarters in Pittsburg, Kansas. It is family-owned, small businesses like Jake's that prove the American Dream is still alive and well in our country.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of the 19 courageous Arizona firefighters who lost their lives while working to protect their rural community.
It's a privilege to join the First Baptist Church of Shawnee's congregation this evening for the 13th Annual Festival of Freedom—a tribute to the church's veterans. The service and sacrifice of our nation’s veterans have protected the freedoms of our democracy and allowed us to live in the strongest, freest, greatest country in the world.
Today I was honored to give remarks at the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new Memorial Hospital in Abilene. The hospital provides critical care services to residents in the Abilene community. Access to health care in rural communities impacts many Kansans and remains one of my top priorities. Thanks to CEO Mark Miller and the Memorial Health System Board of Directors for hosting a great event.
Friday I had the opportunity to ring the final closing bell at the Kansas City Board of Trade (KCBT). For 157 years, the price of most wheat grown across the plains was set by KCBT. Hard-red winter wheat futures and options will be transitioned to the Chicago trading floor on July 1. Thank you to KCBT President and CEO Jeff Borchardt for the opportunity to participate in the historic day. Learn more about KCBT's history below:  http://kcur.org/post/last-call-kansas-city-board-trade
It's showtime at Country Stampede. Tonight, I introduced Jason Aldean who is famous for singing about the rural America that many Kansans know and love.
It was good to see representatives from Pittsburg, Kansas, this week and discus Highway 69’s much-needed improvements. We also talked about its significance to Southeast Kansas’ economy. On Monday, I’ll experience first-hand why the upgrades are necessary when I visit the Pittsburg community. Summer intern and Pittsburg-native William Mitchelson (pictured on the far left) also joined the conversation.
Harvesting the amber waves of grain is a sight to see every summer in Kansas. Over the next few weeks, I invite you to upload your favorite harvest photos to my Facebook page, and I’ll choose some to feature. Thank you to all who make harvest possible and keep the agricultural industry alive and well in our state.
Today I voted against passage of the Gang of Eight immigration bill. Like many Kansans, I am skeptical this rushed 1,200-page bill will create an immigration system that is fair, efficient, meets the needs of the American economy, and discourages future illegal activity. You can read my full statement below.
Buhler High School Junior Maren Berblinger stopped by my DC office yesterday as a delegate to the Washington Youth Summit on the Environment. Maren was one of 250 high school students from across the country chosen to participate, and it's great to have her representing our state.
President Obama's "War on Coal" will especially hurt Kansas. Kansans could see the loss of thousands of good-paying jobs sent overseas to developing countries – like China and India – that are massive energy consumers. We also face significant increases in natural gas, electricity and gasoline costs, and pocket-numbing decreases in household incomes. Kansans are already facing a staggering increase in their cost of living due the looming implementation of Obamacare.  We should not tolerate policies that harm our economy and drive businesses overseas to countries that have demonstrated a commitment to growing their economies regardless of the environmental consequences. America will then be worse off on two counts – fewer jobs in the United States and no reduction in worldwide CO2 emissions.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense: the immigration debate continues, McConnell Air Force Base is slated to receive $219 million, an update on the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial, Kansas WWII Veterans travel to Washington and more.
Our immigration system is broken and our borders are not secure. Rather than focus on solving one or two issues at a time and delivering the reforms Americans are asking for, the Senate has chosen to lump every immigration and border security problem together into one massive and flawed bill. Americans are keenly aware of where this irresponsible method of legislating has gotten us in the past – but the Senate has clearly learned nothing from the failure of the 1986 immigration reform bill, and more recently the rushed passage of Dodd-Frank and Obamacare.  Not surprisingly, the open debate Americans were promised has been replaced by backroom talks, limited amendments and excessive haste. On an issue of such significance, the American people deserve to have their voices heard through a process that allows their elected representatives to offer and vote on amendments. Even the failed immigration bill of 2007 had a more open process, with 46 amendments being voted on compared to just 10 amendments to the current bill.  The most recent of these amendments is a hastily crafted ‘border security deal’ that promises to finally secure the border. Yet, time and time again Congress has passed laws directing the administration to secure the border, only to see those directives never fully implemented. If Congress is going to link a pathway to citizenship to the promise of border security, Americans deserve assurances up front – not flexible enforcement provisions and exceptions.  Americans want Congress to fix our flawed immigration system the right way, and fix it for good. A 1,000-page bill that the Congressional Budget Office estimates would only reduce the number of illegal immigrants by 25 percent does not meet this standard. There are many issues on which Republicans and Democrats agree – such as making certain American companies have the high-skilled talent they need to grow and create jobs – and I believe the Senate could have passed several targeted bills by wide margins. Unfortunately, the ‘we can’t do anything unless we do everything’ approach has prevailed once again. The final result is a massive bill I cannot support because it fails to fix our broken immigration system.
Today I gave remarks at Max Lauver's Eagle Scout Court of Honor Ceremony in Salina. Max is the son of Dennis and Rhonda Lauver. As a former scout in Plainville’s Troop 109, I was especially pleased to attend and personally congratulate Max on achieving Scouting’s highest honor. Max worked diligently on his service project to build and install three tournament boards at the local baseball parks, which will be used by residents of Salina for years to come.
Wheat harvest is a special time of year in Kansas. What is your fondest memory or a favorite family tradition?   Safe cutting and hauling to all involved and on the roads.
A half-century ago, President John F. Kennedy issued a proclamation announcing this week as a time to recognize the critical contributions of America’s small business owners. Our country was created by entrepreneurs, and today more than half of Americans either own or work for a small business.  Small businesses create jobs, drive innovation, revitalize their neighborhoods and increase America’s global competitiveness. Thank a small business owner in your community as we celebrate them this week.
I always feel privileged and humbled to spend time with World War II veterans from Kansas when they visit the National World War II Memorial. These heroes represent the best of America—a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. Here, I’m pictured with Robben Ledeker of Arkansas City. (http://instagram.com/p/ayu1G4kKpE/)
Yesterday, members of Kansas 4-H stopped by Capitol Hill to meet with Sen. Pat Roberts and me. It's always good to visit with young Kansans.
Congrats to Kansas State University President and First Lady Kirk and Noel Schulz for being recognized with the Fort Riley Distinguished Trooper Award—Fort Riley’s top honor for private citizens. This distinction was presented to the Schulz’s for expanding the K-State’s student soldier outreach. Thanks for helping our brave service men and women achieve the education they deserve.
Sen. Pat Roberts and I spoke with members of Douglas County 4-H who are visiting Washington today. Thanks for your great questions and interest in public service.
I enjoyed meeting with some young ladies from Liberal, Kansas, today at the United States Capitol. They even showed their Kansas pride by donning Dorothy costumes. (http://instagram.com/p/atx-OakKr6/)
I was pleased to hear this week that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hired at least 22 mental health professionals in Kansas to improve access to mental health services for veterans, service members and military families. The new positions are part of the VA’s overall goal to hire more than 1,600 positions across the country, and I’m proud our VA facilities in Wichita, Topeka, Overland Park, Leavenworth and Junction City recruited new talent. I will continue to advocate for Kansas veterans and work to make certain the VA is providing them with the health care they deserve.
Congrats to Hoxie, Kansas, native Lt. Col. Tyler "Nick" Hague who was selected from more than 6,000 candidates as one of eight members of National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA's 2013 class of astronauts. Thank you for your continued service to our nation.
Always enjoy sharing this view at the top of the United States Capitol Dome with my interns. Here, they’re pointing home to Kansas.
Last night at Fort Riley, I enjoyed a beautiful Kansas sunset as the Symphony in the Flint Hills concluded its program with 5,000 Kansans singing along as The Kansas City Symphony played "Home on the Range." Thank you to Ed and Eunice Rolfs and Central National Bank of Junction City for hosting Robba and me.
Good conversations with Kansans this morning at Summerfest in Frankfort, Kansas. Here, I'm pictured with Trent Kennedy, Lucas Adams and Jake Rose. Trent spent the spring semester in Washington, D.C., as a United States Senate Page, and his community honored him as the Summerfest Parade Grand Marshal.  I look forward to welcoming Frankfort High School juniors to Washington next week when they visit the nation's capital.
Congrats to the more than 1,000 graduates from the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth. It was an honor to have U.S. Army Undersecretary Dr. Joseph Westphal in Kansas to speak to the graduating class this morning, which also marks a special occasion for the Army—the 238th anniversary of its founding.
On June 14, 1777, the Second Continental Congress passed a resolution adopting the American Flag. For the last 236 years, it has served as a symbol of hope and strength for Americans, just as it did here for Harveyville community members after a tornado ravaged their town in March 2012. Celebrate today by proudly flying Old Glory.
Today I visited Hoffman Pharmacy in Westmoreland. Here, W.H. and Trudie Hoffman have been caring for their patients for 43 years. Access to businesses that provide vital services determines whether small communities are able to survive and flourish.
I'll be joining Cathy Dawes on KMAN Radio 1350 around 9:30 a.m. CT this morning. Tune in or listen live via the link below.
June is National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Awareness Month, and I cosponsored a bipartisan U.S. Senate Resolution that passed the Senate on Wednesday to help raise awareness about this issue. PTSD affects thousands of brave men and women in the military who risk their lives to protect our freedom, and it’s important to make certain they get the treatment they deserve. Learn more about PTSD Awareness Month via the link below.
The special way of life Kansans enjoy would not be possible without access to quality health care. Unfortunately, Washington health policies often fail to account for the realities of rural health care. Rural hospitals facing medical workforce shortages need reasonable flexibility to appropriately staff their facilities so they can provide a full range of services to their communities. A CMS policy requiring a supervising physician to be physically present when Medicare beneficiaries receive outpatient therapy service, the majority of which are low risk, jeopardizes access to important care.   To address this issue, today I introduced S. 1143, the Protecting Access to Rural Therapy Services (PARTS) Act to preserve patient safety and ease unreasonable regulations on hospitals. Click the link below to learn more.
In this week's Kansas Common Sense — my enewsletter — learn more about my visit to Lenexa, a Farm Bill update, U.N. Arms Trade Treaty news, and remembering Lt. General Seitz.
The Big Red One commenced Victory Week yesterday, an annual celebration to honor current and former members, commemorate fallen warriors and celebrate the 1st Infantry Division's lineage and history. The Big Red One was established in 1917, making it the oldest division in the Armed Forces. Best wishes to Major General Paul Funk, the new Fort Riley Commanding General, and thank you to all who have served and continue to sacrifice for our nation.
Before returning to Washington this morning, I toured the Procter and Gamble (P&G) facility in Kansas City, Kansas. The plant opened in 1905 and its location was based on access to the railroad. I learned the current facility makes a number of ingredients used in cleaning products and all the Dawn, Joy, Gain and Ivory dishwashing soap used in North America. Thank you to P&G Plant Manager Jack Geissinger for the invitation and informative tour of this Kansas-based facility.
Saturday, America lost a great hero and dedicated Kansan. Lieutenant General (Ret.) Dick Seitz was a highly decorated officer who selflessly served our country through three wars. He was one of the few WWII veterans left to tell their story and I was honored to have the opportunity to hear about his incredible experiences. LTG Seitz was a mentor, friend and someone I greatly respected. The great impact he had on the Junction City community will never be forgotten, and I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know him.
Congratulations to all the Kansans who finished the 70.3 mile Ironman triathlon yesterday at Clinton State Park outside of Lawrence.
Today I enjoyed giving remarks at the rededication of the meditation chapel at Rock Springs 4-H Center. In addition to supporting 4-H, Rock Springs provides a great setting for team building, personal development, learning and having fun. The chapel renovation was made possible through the generosity of numerous Kansans including the Lindquist Family, the Maley Family and Rahjes Family pictured with me here.
Friday I attended the Lenexa Chamber of Commerce's Business Blast and Taste of Lenexa at the historic grounds of the Lackman Thompson Estate. I visited with business owners about issues affecting their companies including taxes, immigration and hiring new employees. Thanks to the Lenexa Chamber for supporting and promoting your business community.
This morning I toured Lincoln County Hospital and met with community leaders to learn more about the challenges the hospital faces, as well as how federal health policies impact it each day. Thank you to Chelsey Wineinger, Jack Crispin, Jerod Obermueller, Greg McNeil, Kathy Schwerdtfager and Mitch Obermueller for the great visit.
Yesterday, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 was in flight from Atlanta to Denver when a passenger emergency required the plane to make an emergency landing at Garden City Regional Airport. The decision to divert to Garden City was based on the airport’s infrastructure including an air traffic control tower – one of the control towers that was set to be closed due to the President’s sequester.  The Garden City control tower coordinated the emergency response and played a critical role in the airline choosing to divert into Garden City Regional Airport and potentially saved this passenger’s life.  It was a long fight since I introduced the original amendment the prevent control towers from closing, but thankfully, common sense prevailed over politics and the Garden City Regional Airport control tower remained open to assist during yesterday’s emergency. Thanks again to the bipartisan coalition of Senators and Congressmen and women who joined me in demonstrating that there are more responsible ways to cut spending than by compromising safety.
Yesterday, I confirmed with Acting U.S. Department of Labor Secretary Seth Harris that the Obama Administration will not reintroduce the farm labor rules originally proposed in April 2012 that would have done away with successful farm safety training and certification programs through cooperative extension, 4-H and FFA. Additionally, the recommended rules would have resulted in children being unable to perform common farm tasks like rounding up cattle on horseback, operating a tractor, or cleaning out stalls with a shovel and wheelbarrow. Kansans made their voices heard through the Keep Families Farming initiative, and I am pleased the proposed rules which threatened the future of farming and ranching will remain withdrawn.
Back home today to visit with Kansans, I stopped by the fire station and community building in Westfall. There weren't too many folks to visit with this morning, but had a nice conversation with Dennis at Suelter Tire Service.
As our nation marks 69 years since the D-Day invasion, we honor the heroic Allied troops who stormed the beaches of Normandy. Before the invasion, General Eisenhower reminded our troops that “the eyes of the world are upon you,” as evil was defeated and freedom and liberty spread across Europe.
Congress is still waiting for answers to why the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released the personal information of 80,000 farmers and ranchers from across the county to environmental groups. This is yet another example of sensitive information being “inadvertently” released to outside organizations under the Obama administration.
Today, I spent some time talking with students, teachers and parents from Solomon High School and the city of Concordia. Thank you for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
It was a pleasure to meet with Major General Paul Funk today—the new Fort Riley and Big Red One Commanding General. Congratulations on your new post, and best wishes on next week’s Victory Week as well as commemorating the Big Red One’s 96th anniversary.
55 years ago today, a small business called Pizza Hut opened in Wichita, Kansas. A large cheese pizza cost just $1.50 back then.
I enjoyed greeting students, teachers and parents from Seneca today during their trip to Washington. It's always good to speak with Kansans, and I appreciated their thoughtful questions about my role in the federal government.
Last week, McConnell Air Force Base said farewell to Col. Ricky Rupp who for the last two years led the 22nd Air Refueling Wing — the largest KC-135 Stratotanker Wing in the world. I appreciate Col. Rupp’s service and look forward to Col. Joel Jackson leading McConnell through the final assessments involved in preparation to receive KC-46A tankers in 2016.
This week, the Senate is expected to vote on legislation addressing student loan interest rates. As a father of two, I understand that education can be a family’s most important investment and ought not be complicated by short-sighted Washington politics. Rather than settling for another ineffective, short-term patch that only helps a portion of students, it’s time for Congress and the President to pass a student loan policy that provides certainty and reflects the long-term financial planning students and families undertake to pay for higher education. In the interest of both students and taxpayers, I support legislation that permanently addresses interest rate levels for all federal student loans.
I understand the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) met their goal in hiring more than 1,600 mental health professionals to improve access to mental health services for veterans, service members and military families; however, am curious how many — if any — of those positions have been filled in Kansas. In April, I questioned Secretary Shinseki on this topic and remain concerned about the VA’s commitment to addressing the lack of access to mental health services for Kansas veterans, especially in rural communities. I will continue to advocate for Kansas veterans and work to make certain the VA is providing them with the health care they deserve.
Before returning to Washington this morning, I toured Treat America Food Services in Lenexa. It’s always good to visit thriving Kansas businesses like Treat America and learn more about their operations. Established 20 years ago with only eight employees, they now boast 1,200 and lead the food services industry in developing innovative technologies focused on consumer demand and healthy options. During the tour, Treat America President and National Automatic Merchandising Association Board Member John Mitchell, Jr. and I had the opportunity to discuss issues affecting the industry and how the association is working to address them.
Congrats to the Kansas State University Baseball Team and Coach Brad Hill for winning the regional championship and moving on to the NCAA Super Regional Tournament for the first time ever.
Yesterday, I gave remarks at Fredonia Rotary Club's weekly meeting and discussed the Farm Bill, health care and immigration reform. I always enjoy the opportunity to visit with fellow Rotarians—thank you for the invitation.
Finally! The chicken fried steak I remember as a kid when every town's restaurant served a great one. Enjoyed mine at Puffy's Steak & Ice House in Maple Hill.
While in Southeast Kansas today, I stopped by Girard Medical Center (GMC) to tour the hospital and visit with CEO Mike Payne and his staff. GMC is a Critical Access Hospital that also operates satellite locations to care for patients in Frontenac, Arma and Cherokee. The Kansas Foundation for Medical Care has recognized GMC for best practices in inpatient quality reporting for surgical infection prevention and quality of treatment for certain conditions, highlighting that GMC is setting the standard for patient care. The access GMC and other Critical Access Hospitals provide is essential to the survival and success of rural communities across the country.
This week I stopped by Galena to tour the Ortho 4-States Campus, which includes Stateline Surgery Center and the new Premier Surgical Institute. Premier Surgical Institute CEO Joseph Caputo’s philosophy, “patients heal faster if they are as comfortable as possible, and we want our standard of care to be unmatched in the industry,” is clearly demonstrated by the medical providers and staff.
Yesterday while visiting CertainTeed in the Fairfax District of Kansas City, Kansas, I learned about the interesting process of making fiberglass insulation—a product used in most homes and commercial buildings. CertainTeed's location along the Kansas River is strategic, as sand is a major component of fiberglass. The less than ideal housing market has affected their business, and they are hopeful it will begin to rebound and result in an uptick in plant capacity and jobs in the near future.
Congratulations to Vanya Shivashankar of Olathe—the only Kansan to make the finals or semifinals of Thursday night’s Scripps National Spelling Bee. The competition began with more than 11 million participants worldwide was narrowed to 11 for the finals. Two other Kansans who participated in the national competition were Gracie Schroeder of Salina and Sterling Hollond of Bonner Springs. Well done!
This week it was a pleasure to meet the folks at SFP in Leawood. Established in 1998, SFP’s top priority is to help growers optimize their resources and maximize fertilizer efficiency resulting in the production of stronger, healthier crops. They believe the future of the agricultural industry is dependent upon fertilizer efficiency, and it was interesting to learn more about the work and research of this Kansas-based corporation.
Today, I visited with Marysville Mayor Bill Phillipi and a family that sustained damage to their home and property during Monday night's tornadoes. It was not surprising to hear optimistic sentiments and observe the resilient spirit of community members — a typical Kansas response in the face of enormous challenges. Neighbors were helping neighbors, and there is no doubt this rural community will bounce back.
This morning at 10:30 a.m. CT I'll be discussing the Farm Bill and immigration on Agri Talk. I hope you'll tune in or listen live.
As tornado threats continue in NE Kansas, I urge Kansans to use caution and be aware of issued watches and warnings. http://1.usa.gov/10ysa6G
Tomorrow morning at 7:35 a.m. CT I'll be discussing the Farm Bill and immigration with KBUF Ag and Information Leader's Lory Williams. I hope you'll tune in.
It was great to join Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, Governor Sam Brownback, Sen. Pat Roberts, Rep. Lynn Jenkins and Congressman Tim Huelskamp (KS-1) today in Manhattan to celebrate the groundbreaking of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility’s Central Utilities Plant (CUP). Construction of the CUP is a step in the right direction to make certain the United States is protected from foreign animal disease threats.
I’m relieved to hear no serious injuries were reported after at least four tornadoes touched down near Marysville last night. Thank you to the emergency responders who are continuing to assist Kansans who were affected.
Honoring my Dad this Memorial Day - age 97 and a WWII veteran.
"For God and County." Memorial Day 2013
I am thankful to have also had the opportunity this morning to speak at the Memorial Day Service at Kansas Veterans' Cemetery in WaKeeney. On this day of solemn remembrance, we gather together to remind our children and grandchildren that because of the sacrifices of our nation's veterans, we have the opportunity to live in the strongest, freest and greatest nation in the world. Today, our nation's young men and women are still risking their lives for the sake of others and fighting for those principles we hold most dear - freedom and justice.
Since the Civil War, Americans have gathered each year to remember those courageous men and women who answered the call to serve and made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. This morning, I joined many veterans and local residents in paying our respects to the fallen at a Memorial Day service at Grinnell Township Cemetery. The special service included the presentation of The Colors, laying of wreaths on the graves of the fallen, and a gun salute. Special thanks to the Grinnell VFW for the invitation to participate in this emotional event.
Today I had a productive discussion with members of the Goodland Rotary Club during their meeting at Northwest Technical College. Topics ranged from health care and the Farm Bill to immigration reform. It's always good to get a good dose of Kansas common sense from folks in Northwest Kansas.
Today, I enjoyed having the opportunity to catch up and see General Brooks, former CG of the Big Red One, before he heads out to assume command of U.S. Army forces in the Pacific.
I enjoyed this heartwarming story about Fort Riley Soldiers who work closely with Make-A-Wish America to fulfill nine-year-old Ian Field’s dream of experiencing Army life. Ian suffers from a debilitating genetic illness, and the “Black Lions” Battalion has taken an interest in establishing a relationship with Ian and his family, making his noble dream a reality.
Read this Wichita Business Journal story on the United States Air Force' decision to select McConnell Air Force Base as the first active duty base to receive KC-46A tankers.  This selection codifies what Kansans already know — we are and will continue to be the Air Capital of the World.
McConnell Air Force Base is and will continue to be the nation’s super tanker base. I couldn't be more proud of their selection as the very first active duty base to receive KC-46A tankers – selected from 54 installations across the country. The KC-46A’s will replace the U.S. Air Force's aging fleet of KC-135 Stratotankers, which have been the primary refueling aircraft for more than 50 years.
McConnell Air Force Base is and will continue to be the nation’s super tanker base. I couldn’t be more proud of their selection as the very first active duty base to receive KC-46A tankers – selected from 54 installations across the country. The KC-46A’s will replace the U.S. Air Force's aging fleet of KC-135 Stratotankers, which have been the primary refueling aircraft for more than 50 years.  The process rewarded the incredible capacity and air refueling capability by our airmen at McConnell, and the efforts of many individuals and organizations including Friends of McConnell, the Wichita Chamber of Commerce, the Congressional Delegation, Wichita and Sedgwick County. This basing selection codifies what Kansans already know — we are and will continue to be the Air Capital of the World.  We will continue to lead the way in aviation and air mobility support for the United States Military at home and abroad.  Although Forbes was not selected as the National Guard KC-46A tanker base, they have more than proved their worth as a top 5 finalist and are considered to be a reasonable alternative for future rounds of KC-46A tankers.
I’m accepting applications for congressional internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2013. Interns will gain a better understanding of the legislative process and develop professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. In addition to legislative internships, communications-focused internships are available. The application deadline is Friday, May 31, 2013.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Oklahoma communities affected by the tornado. I'm grateful to emergency responders who continue to assist victims.
With the devastating tornadoes that continue to affect Kansas and the Midwest, my thoughts and prayers are with all who have been impacted. Thanks to emergency personnel who are working to rebuild and ensure the safety of residents in these communities.
Hays native and University of Kansas Medical Center Physical Therapist and Researcher, Dr. Sandra Billinger, and her son, Michael, are trekking across Kansas to raise money and awareness for stroke survivors. Each year, about 800,000 individuals suffer from strokes. Follow the journey of these Kansans who are making a difference and serving as an inspiration for others via their Facebook page.
I was glad to have the opportunity to congratulate Zach Trigg at Paola High School’s Graduation Commencement Ceremony today. Zach served as my first Senate Page in 2012 - and he was Kansas' first Senate Page in more than 50 years. I wish all 2013 graduates true success, marked not only by your achievements but by the kind of person you become.
Today, I was honored to be the keynote speaker at Paola High School’s Graduation Commencement Ceremony, where we celebrated the school's 125th anniversary. I challenged the graduates to become people of character who pursue excellence and put others first. I left them with a few words spoken by one of Kansas’ most famous sons – President Dwight D. Eisenhower – to a gathering of college students more than half a century ago: “Sooner or later the day will come when the decisions which control the affairs of your community, your nation, your world, must be made by another generation – yours. The nation’s future is what you make it… I have faith in America’s young men and women, and in the future they will build.”
On this Armed Forces Day, I am grateful for the men and women in uniform who sacrifice to keep our nation free. In the words of President Harry Truman who proclaimed the our country's first Armed Forces Day in 1949: "America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand."
500 US Special Operations & Air Force members will soon visit Salina to conduct a series of training exercises. I look forward to welcoming these servicemen and servicewomen to Kansas.
This morning, I enjoyed touring and learning more about Cashco, a valve and regulator manufacturer in Ellsworth. Thank you to Cashco General Manager Clint Rodgers for the invitation and for continuing to invest in this Kansas community.
In case you missed the clip last night, I discussed the newest revelation that the IRS official in charge of the tax-exempt organizations at the time the unit targeted conservative groups now runs the IRS office responsible for the implementation of Obamacare. Under the new health care law, the IRS has tremendous power in terms of enforcement. We must make certain the Administration understands the IRS is not a tool of politics.
I'll be on Fox News in the 5 p.m. CT hour with Mike Emanuel discussing the IRS scandal and political donor information leaks. Tune in.
Today I had the opportunity to visit with Kansas World War II Veterans who were participating in the Kansas Honor Flight to the World War II Memorial. I was honored to meet brothers Don Graham of Hutchinson and Eddie Graham of Wichita. Eddie Graham is one of the few remaining survivors of the Bataan Death March, a six-day march spanning more than 60 miles that led to the death of more than 19,000 American and Filipino prisoners of war during World War II.
I was saddened to learn of the passing of a voice many Kansans know so well. Fred White, who is best known for his work calling games for the Kansas City Royals and for announcing college athletics, died yesterday of complications from melanoma. His broadcast career took him from Topeka to Manhattan to Kansas City, and Mr. White and his wife also were involved in western Kansas as owners of KRSL Russell Radio in Russell. I’m thankful for his contributions to our state, and we will miss his presence.
As a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee with authority over the U.S. Department of Treasury – of which the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is a bureau – I've submitted eight pointed questions regarding the politicization of the IRS to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller. I am anxious to hear what they have to say, and believe the IRS’ admission that conservative groups were targeted is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to this scandal.
Listen live at 1:30 p.m. CT to hear me discuss the IRS with Mike Huckabee on his radio show. The politicization of the IRS is not a conservative or liberal issue. No matter your political stripes – these revelations are highly offensive.
Do you receive my weekly update, Kansas Common Sense? Click the link below to read and subscribe.
This afternoon I spoke on the Senate floor about the IRS targeting organizations based on their political leanings. I’m anxious to read the Inspector General's report, and am surprised by the circumstance we find ourselves in. I would not have expected the IRS — which must be, needs to be, has to be above the political fray — to be an instrument of any political party.
I will speak on the Senate floor shortly about the startling revelations of intentional targeting of groups based on their political leanings by the IRS. Please tune in on C-Span 2.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims in the Ottawa tragedy.
If you missed my interview on Fox News this morning about the troubling IRS tax record leaks, view it here. When Americans file taxes or donate to a cause they believe in, they have a right to assume their tax return will not be used for political purposes.
Wishing all moms — especially my wife, Robba — a happy mother's day today.
Tune in to Fox News tomorrow morning at 11 a.m. CT. I look forward to discussing IRS targeting and FAA Control Towers.
Less than 48 hours after I questioned Treasury Secretary Jack Lew during a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing about the troubling evidence that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) released Schedule B donor lists belonging to 501(c)(4) nonprofit groups to outside groups, the IRS apologized. Evidence suggests that the groups who improperly received this information intended to use it for partisan political purposes.  The release of these nonprofit donor lists is forbidden by U.S. tax law as well as internal IRS regulations. While an apology is a good start, it does little to rectify the mishandling of this situation. We must find out how this happened and make certain it does not happen again. When Americans file their taxes or donate to a cause they believe in, they have a right to assume their tax return will not be used for political gain.
On their last day of high school, I had the opportunity to visit with Sylvan-Lucas High School's 17 graduating seniors. Listening to their post-graduation plans makes me very proud of them, their families and our schools.
Good news. Today, the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced that it will cancel the planned closure of 149 airport control towers thanks to the bipartisan bill passed by Congress which unequivocally directed the FAA to find savings elsewhere in their budget rather than target control towers for closure and air traffic controllers for furloughs.  It’s been a long fight since our original amendment prevent the towers from closing and preserve aviation safety was blocked from a vote, but in the end common sense prevailed over politics. This victory is thanks to a bipartisan coalition of Senators and Congressmen and women who came together to demonstrate that there are more responsible ways to cut spending than by compromising safety.  Kansas Air Traffic Control facilities protected from closure by the announcement include: Philip Billard Municipal in Topeka; Hutchinson Municipal in Hutchinson; New Century Air Center in Olathe; Johnson County Executive in Olathe; and Manhattan Regional in Manhattan.
Congratulations to McConnell Air Force Base for its second-place finish in the Commander in Chief's Excellence Award. The base is using the funds it was awarded to build a new pavilion that will be available for all Airmen and their families to enjoy. This new resource is much-deserved. Thanks to the Airmen at McConnell for continuing to excel and provide meaningful resources to the entire McConnell community.
Military Spouse Appreciation Day is a fitting reminder that our men and women in uniform are only as strong as the families who support them. Thank you to military spouses for your sacrifice that allows us to live in the strongest, freest, greatest country in the world.
I think just about everyone would like to live down a road like this.
Read my weekly newsletter via the link below. If you'd like to begin receiving it via email, feel free to sign up there, too.
I was saddened to hear that a McConnell KC-135 tanker crashed in Kyrgyzstan. The three crew members on board, while not from McConnell, were working to protect our country and keep our freedom within reach, and we should all be grateful for their service. I ask that all Kansans join me in keeping the family and friends of these crew members in their thoughts and prayers in the days ahead.
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to speak to the Sabetha Kiwanis Club. I enjoyed hearing the perspectives of attendees on a range of topics, from the importance of protecting Second Amendment rights to making certain those in rural American have access to quality health care. We lead a special way of life in Kansas, one that is worth fighting to preserve for the next generation. That fight has been and will continue to be my focus. Thanks again to Doug Clark for the invitation to visit, and to the Sabetha Kiwanis Club invite and Club President Roger Young for the warm welcome.
We must never allow government contracts to be used to funnel money to enemies of America. I recently cosponsored the Never Contract with the Enemy Act (S. 675), legislation based upon lessons from U.S. operations in Afghanistan. This law would improve oversight and enable swifter termination of contracts being used to transfer U.S. tax dollars to opposing forces.
Yesterday, I had the opportunity to meet with Keith Imholte of SKF SEALING SOLUTIONS. SKF is an international company, but has had a presence in Nemaha County for almost 40 years. The Seneca plant manufactures more than 2,800 types of sealing parts and provides jobs to folks in five Northeast Kansas counties.
This week, I stopped by the FAA Air Route Control Center in Olathe and visited with control center staff, members of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association, and Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland. 
 
 The control center is one of 20 in the United States that directs air traffic in our country, and it was fascinating to see the equipment and technology used to keep our skies safe for air travelers.
Today in Kansas, flags are being flown at half-staff for the 31st annual Kansas Law Enforcement Memorial Ceremony. The ceremony will honor two Topeka police officers who died in the line of duty last year and will take place at the Statehouse. I want to express my gratitude for their service and dedication to their communities and to our country.
Tomorrow morning at 6 a.m. I'll be on the Ag on 580 WIBW and the Kansas Agriculture Network. I hope you'll tune in to hear me discuss agriculture and issues affecting Kansans.
Today, along with 40 of my Senate colleagues, I called on the Federal Aviation Administration to immediately use the flexibility outlined in the Reducing Flight Delays Act of 2013 to end the planned closure of 149 contract towers due to disproportionate sequestration cuts.  By providing up to $253 million in funding authority – far above the amount required to prevent furloughs – Congressional intent is clear: the FAA should prevent the slated closure of 149 contract towers by fully funding the contract tower program.
One of my favorites—Elsie Grace's Gift Shoppe on Main Street in Frankfort. It was great to visit with Nan, Ray and Barb. You could walk out with a pound of fudge, like I did!
Today, as Americans observe the National Day of Prayer, it’s a good reminder to set aside time to pray for our country and reflect on the importance of prayer. Whether in times of uncertainty, grief or joy, prayer has the power to comfort, and it is encouraging to know that so many individuals are praying for their elected officials, the state of Kansas and our country.
Late last week, I attended and gave remarks at the Kansas State Association of Letter Carriers Annual Convention in Lawrence. It was a great opportunity to speak at the convention once again, and we discussed the future of the U.S. Postal Service (USPS). The USPS is facing annual deficits that will continue until Congress approves reform legislation, which has been delayed for far too long. Smart reforms are needed to prevent the Postal Service from becoming a future burden on the U.S. taxpayer and to provide increased business certainty to the $1 trillion mailing industry.
This morning, I enjoyed visiting with a government class of Paola High School Seniors. We discussed what was special to them about attending Paola High and what inspired my interest in history and government.  I look forward to giving the commencement address for these seniors later this month.
Congratulations to the 190th Air Refueling Wing - Kansas Air National Guard for being selected to receive the 2013 Air National Guard Senior Master Sgt. Kenneth W. Disney Food Service Excellence Award. In 2000, the Air National Guard founded the Disney Award to promote excellence in guest service and meal quality as well as to inspire high morale, motivation, mission support and a professional image through pride and spirited competition.
Over 2/3 of the Senate is calling on President Obama to address the backlog in veterans claims. This situation is unacceptable, our vets deserve better.
I’m pleased to hear the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce and the Wichita Independent Business Association are joining forces to foster a relationship between local business and military leaders. The partnership is called the Joint Military Affairs Committee and will hopefully help to cement McConnell Air Force Base as the home for the new U.S. Air Force’s KC-46A.
It was good to check in with Kansans this morning at Meridy's Restaurant in Russell.
This week, I greeted World War II Veterans and their guardians who were part of the Kansas Honor Flight. It is always a privilege to visit with these heroes at the National World War II Memorial, and I am grateful to all who made the Honor Flight possible. Here is a photo of me with Larnard Smith of Wichita.
Upon final passage in the House today of the Senate bill to end the Obama Administration's disproportionate FAA cuts, I visited with Gov. Mike Huckabee on his radio show about the good news for American travelers. Visit the link below to listen.
The House has joined the Senate to send a clear bipartisan message to the White House: use the flexibility you have to put safety first and solve this problem. This bill directs the FAA to find savings elsewhere in their budget rather than target air traffic controllers for furloughs and control towers for closure. Through smarter cuts, rather than tax hikes or smoke and mirrors, the bill provides $253 million in additional funding flexibility to the FAA – more than enough to protect both air traffic controllers and the 149 contract control towers slated for closure. This bipartisan solution is about safety – and is a victory for air travelers and communities nationwide. I am hopeful the President will sign this solution in to law today.
Something rare has happened in Washington; the Senate came together on a bipartisan basis to put common sense before politics. While I believe the White House already had the flexibility they needed to avoid this situation, the bill passed tonight unequivocally directs the FAA to solve this problem and find savings elsewhere in their budget rather than target air traffic controllers for furloughs. The bill’s language provides the FAA with more than enough funding flexibility to protect the 149 contract control towers slated for closure as well. This bipartisan solution is a victory for air travelers and communities nationwide, and I look forward to swift passage by the House.
As we speak, the Senate is working on a solution to the Administration's targeting of air traffic controllers for furloughs. Watch my interview with Larry Kudlow on CNBC below where I talk about the progress being made.
Tonight at 6:30 p.m. CT I'll visit with Larry Kudlow on CNBC about the ongoing efforts in the Senate to stop the Obama Administration from furloughing air traffic controllers and closing contract control towers. The safety and convenience of American travelers should not be held hostage to prove a political point. Please tune in.
While I did not vote for sequestration, I believe we must now use common sense to fix the circumstance we find ourselves needlessly in. There is no reason for Americans to be sitting on tarmacs across the country – the fact is, even with sequestration there is more money in the FAA's budget this year than the President requested in his budget for next year. I visited with Jon Scott on Fox News today about my efforts to get the FAA to use the flexibility it does have to end the furloughs and protect control towers.
I'm looking forward to speaking with Fox News Channel's Jon Scott on Happening Now at 10 a.m. CT about the Federal Aviation Administration's furloughs and disproportionate cuts due to sequestration. Hope you'll tune in.
This afternoon, it was good to visit with several bright, young students from Blue Valley West High School and their teacher, Mr. Aaron Anderson. The Jaguars are in Washington, D.C., as part of the Close Up Foundation Washington Program, which allows high school students to travel to the nation’s capital to learn more about how government works and the role they can play in democracy.
No business person would make the choice to cut the things that affect their customers the most – why is the White House making that decision? I visited with Neil Cavuto about this last night. You can watch my interview at the link below.
This week, The Big Red One is receiving the Exceptional Organization Safety Award from the Army Combat Readiness/Safety Center. Congratulations to the leaders and soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division for your commitment to improving the safety of soldiers who live and train at Fort Riley.
During the 7 o'clock hour (CT), I will speak with Neil Cavuto on Fox Business about the role politics are playing in the Federal Aviation Administration's sequestration cuts. I hope you'll tune in.
There is clearly something wrong at the FAA. Any business that is faced with slightly less revenues than expected would find a way to solve that problem without inconveniencing their customers. Apparently the mindset at the FAA, the Department of Transportation, and within the Obama Administration is, ‘let’s do things in a way that is most inconveniencing to our customers, the flying public, because that then creates political pressure for a response from Congress.’  I did not vote for sequestration, but there is a better to respond to the situation we’re now in than the one we’ve seen from the Administration. Let’s have the debate about sequestration, let’s have the conversation about whether or not we can afford a reduction in the growth in spending, but let’s not put those who travel in this country’s safety at risk to prove that political point. To me, it certainly seems as if politics is playing a significant role in determining what actions the FAA is taking.
It was good to have friends from Kansas Livestock Association in Washington for the National Cattlemen's Beef Association Legislative Conference last week. There are a lot of issues facing the cattle industry in the months to come, and I will be working hard to make certain I am doing my best for Kansas producers.
A step in the right direction was announced on Friday from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA): the VA is finally responding to our concerns about claims backlogs and expediting the process for claims that have been held up for more than a year. It is absurd that veterans have been waiting for a year or more to have their claims processed, and I’m pleased to see the VA is finally taking action. I’ve heard countless stories from folks who wait months — and in some cases years — to have their claims make it through all the wickets of the VA, and I’m glad the message is being heard. To learn more, read the story below.
Our nation breathed a sigh of relief tonight with the simple words "we got him." I am incredibly grateful for the bravery, persistence and expertise of our law enforcement, military and intelligence officials who worked together seamlessly to make certain justice will be served for the victims of these senseless terror attacks. All those killed and injured, as well as their families and the entire city of Boston remain in my thoughts and prayers.
It was great to join Shawnee Chamber of Commerce Members at Weaver's Auto Center for the Chamber's Business After Hours. We discussed current legislation and its impact on their businesses. I appreciate hearing their feedback before returning to Washington, D.C.
Veterans in Kansas, as well as across the country, face challenges when they return to the workforce after serving in the Armed Forces. While the VA often focuses on job training and employment, our veterans are also great businessmen and women. It’s important for them to have the opportunity to explore starting a business of their own, which is why I hosted a State of Veteran Entrepreneurship Roundtable with the U.S. Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs yesterday. Most of the participants were veterans themselves and contributed to a passionate, dynamic and engaging discussion. It was an opportunity to highlight the success stories and insights of veterans who have lived the American Dream and established a business after serving their country. To learn more about veteran entrepreneurs in America, view the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation infographic linked here.
Today, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced that air traffic controller furloughs – which start Sunday – will force delays at airports across the country. The Administration’s insistence on deliberately inconveniencing air travelers instead of prioritizing their safety falls right in line with its history of putting politics before common sense. The FAA’s recent action of delaying the 149 contract control tower closures indicates what we have known all along: the agency’s financial state is not as dire as initially projected. They do have flexibility when it comes to sequestration. Savings can and should be found elsewhere, and the Senate stands ready to work with them on a bipartisan basis to find a solution, but they refuse to come to the table. I am baffled by the Administration’s continued insistence on putting its top-line message – that we can’t cut a dime without severe consequences – before the safety and well-being of Americans.
Today, along with 13 bipartisan cosponsors, I introduced the Military Spouse Job Continuity Act. It reduces military families’ financial burdens due to relocation by offering a tax credit to military spouses who must renew or transfer professional licenses. Our men and women in uniform are only as strong as the families who support them. Military spouses deserve the opportunity to seamlessly transition employment and continue working in their licensed career fields when moving across state lines. To learn more, visit my website.
Today, I had the opportunity to question FAA Administrator Huerta on the Administration’s decision to disproportionately target FAA Contract Control Towers with sequestration cuts. Administrator Huerta said he did not have the authority to use unobligated funds to keep the towers open – authority my blocked amendment to the Continuing Resolution would have given him. I also asked him about statements he made on the importance of safety at such a busy airport during the 2010 groundbreaking for the stimulus-funded control tower at the Frederick Municipal Airport in Frederick, Md. – a control tower the FAA now targets for closure. This fight to keep control towers open and protect public safety is not over. In fact, my bill to do so - the Protect Our Skies Act - now has 32 bipartisan cosponsors.
Reading the dreadful news out of Texas tonight. My prayers are with all affected and with those working into the night to respond and provide aid.
Today during the Senate Appropriations education subcommittee hearing, I had the opportunity to question Secretary Arne Duncan on various aspects of federal education policy.  It was also a pleasure to have Fort Leavenworth School District Superintendent Keith Mispagel as my guest. Afterward, Superintendent Mispagel and I had the opportunity to visit about issues impacting military children and families, and I appreciate him taking the time to attend the hearing and speak with me while in Washington this week.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower famously said, "The proudest thing I can claim is that I am from Abilene.”   I was pleased to see Abilene named one of the best small towns to visit in 2013.
There are reports this morning regarding several suspicious letters and packages sent to the White House and United States Senate. As FBI investigators and Capitol Police are working to resolve these concerns, we remain vigilant but are focused on the tasks at hand.
Today, I cosponsored a Senate Resolution to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the 1942 Doolittle Tokyo Raiders – a group of WWII pilots who have become an enduring model of courage and patriotism. This week, the four surviving members are reuniting for the last time to mark the 70th Anniversary of their “extremely hazardous” bomber mission – which they volunteered for without knowing the target, location or assignment. Led by Lt. Col. James Doolittle, the Raiders were forced to launch their airplanes 650 miles from their target. After hitting their military and industrial targets in Tokyo and five other cities, low on fuel and in setting night and deteriorating weather, all 16 airplanes were forced to crash-land in China or Russia. Of the eight Raiders who were captured, three were executed – including Sergeant Harold Spatz of Lebo, Kansas – one died of disease, and four returned home. A dormitory at McConnell AFB is named in Sergeant Spatz’s honor. Click the link before to learn more about the story of the Doolittle Raiders and their final reunion.
On Thursday, April 18, Fort Riley is conducting a listening session on Army force reductions and restructuring that could impact the Manhattan and Junction City communities. The listening session is open to the public and everyone is encouraged to attend.  Let your voices be heard this Thursday, April 18th at 10am in the 580 HQ Building - Room 110.
Since recognizing Israel 11 minutes after its founding in 1948, our two countries have worked side-by-side to advance democracy, peace and stability. Israel remains our staunchest ally in a volatile part of the world. Today, as they mark 65 years of independence, I congratulate the people of Israel for building a strong and vibrant country despite all the challenges, wars and attacks they have faced.
Our nation's flag is flying at half mast tonight at the U.S. Capitol in tribute to those injured and killed by the attacks in Boston. We must identify those who committed this horrific act, as well as those who encourage them through actions or silence, and hold them fully accountable for their crimes.
Below is my full statement on the two blasts at the Boston Marathon finish line, which left at least two dead and more than 100 injured. We must identify those who committed this horrific act, as well as those who encourage them through actions or silence, and hold them fully accountable for their crimes.
My prayers are with all those affected by the explosions in Boston. Grateful for the emergency responders & bystanders who are acting quickly to help.
Thank you to the Hays Chamber of Commerce for allowing me to join Rep. Sue Boldra and State Senator Ralph Ostmeyer at this morning's Eggs and Issues. I appreciate the questions and comments community members made regarding foreign aid, gun control, education and the Affordable Care Act. Good input and common sense before I return to DC tomorrow.
This week, I met with with Tom Albers, Hays High School Assistant Principal, to congratulate him on being selected as the 2013 Kansas High School Assistant Principal of the Year. Albers was selected for the award by his peers, which is presented annually by the Kansas Association for Secondary School Principals.  In order to be successful, our schools need committed, positive leaders, and I commend Tom for his dedication to helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom and beyond. I also know first-hand how deserving Tom is of this award because my two daughters attended Hays High School during his tenure.
Next Tuesday, April 16, Fort Riley will host the "Hiring Heroes Career Fair" for veterans and their families. Army officials expect more than 50 potential employers from both the public and private sectors to attend. We must make certain our veterans are afforded every opportunity to thrive here at home in return for their service and sacrifice. Click the link below to learn more.
Today, Father Kapaun was posthumously inducted into the Pentagon’s Hall of Heroes—the Defense Department’s permanent display of record for all recipients of the Medal of Honor. Watch the moving ceremony where Secretary Hagel and Fr. Kapaun’s nephew, Ray Kapaun, spoke, via the link below.
Thanks to the more than 300 citizens, county commissioners, city council members and business community leaders who attended the Air Force’s public forum in Wichita last night and expressed their support for basing the new KC-46 refueling tanker at McConnell AFB – which remains a top finalist in the selection process. Kansans have a long history of service and support to air power, and I am hopeful this tradition will continue with the selection of McConnell for the new tanker basing.
Today, Fr. Kapaun will be inducted into the Hall of Heroes at the Pentagon. The formal ceremony is scheduled to start at 1 p.m. CT. A live video stream is viewable via the link below.
I received a call from the Secretary of the Navy this afternoon delivering exciting news: tomorrow, the Navy will recognize the city of Wichita with a new Littoral Combat Ship bearing its name. Two great ships have already carried Wichita’s namesake, and its re-selection is a real honor for the city and for Kansas.
I was proud to attend the Congressional Medal of Honor Ceremony for Father Kapaun today at the White House. His story of self-sacrifice is legendary, and he has inspired many with his unshakable faith and relentless courage. I am pleased that Father Kapaun’s countless acts of heroism have finally been recognized with this distinguished award.
 
 Here's a photo of his nephew, Ray Kapaun, accepting the Medal on Fr. Kapaun's behalf.
As the KC-46A tanker basing selection moves forward, the United States Air Force is hosting a public forum tonight in Wichita. McConnell Air Force Base remains a top finalist in the selection process, and community members are encouraged to attend to emphasize interest, support, and community partnerships. The forum is at the Hughes MetroPlex from 5-8 p.m.  For more information about the forum, read the story linked below.
Today, I am looking forward to attending the Congressional Medal of Honor ceremony to honor Fr. Emil Kapaun for his heroism during the Korean War. The ceremony is scheduled to begin at 1:10 p.m. CT, and the live video stream will be viewable on the White House website linked below.
It was good to see Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz today in Washington. We visited about the construction of NBAF and the exciting things happening on the K-State campus this spring.
Are you using Instagram? Follow me at www.instagram.com/senjerrymoran.
Good news today: The President’s 2014 Budget request commits $714 million for the construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) main laboratory in Manhattan, Kan. In conjunction with Kansas’ proposed increased cost share of $202 million, the Federal-State partnership will provide full funding for the main laboratory construction.  The commitment is good news for Kansas, agriculture, and the economy because without the capabilities the NBAF will provide, our country is at risk from foreign animal disease threats. Although challenges remain, I will work to make certain construction of NBAF – an essential part of our national security apparatus – moves forward.
Tomorrow, the Congressional Medal of Honor will be awarded to Fr. Emil Kapaun’s family in recognition of the heroism he exhibited during his service in the Korean War. This honor for Fr. Kapaun is long overdue, and I am looking forward to attending the ceremony, which is scheduled to begin at 1:10 p.m. CT. The live video stream will be viewable on the White House website linked below.  On Friday, Fr. Kapaun will be inducted into the Hall of Heroes at the Pentagon. The formal ceremony is scheduled to start at 1 p.m. CT. A live video stream will be viewable on the official Pentagon website.
Yesterday I had the pleasure of visiting the United States Military Academy at West Point where I met with some of our nation's finest young men and women. During my time at West Point, I spoke to a class of political science students about my work in the Senate. I also had the opportunity to visit with an impressive group of cadets from Kansas. I expect great things from these future leaders.
The world has lost a powerful force for freedom, and one of the greatest leaders of our time. Margaret Thatcher helped shape Democracy’s finest era as a tireless advocate for conservative ideas, free enterprise and human dignity. From transforming Britain into a place of economic opportunity, working with President Reagan to bring the Cold War to an end, and helping to forge the Coalition of the Gulf War, Margaret Thatcher shared and defended America’s values – moral, political and economic. From a shopkeeper’s daughter to The Iron Lady, Margaret Thatcher rose to the challenges of her time and shaped history in a way few leaders ever have. She continues to be, and will remain, an inspiration for all who dare to positively transform the world.
Today, I am reflecting on the millions of innocent lives taken by the monstrous acts of Nazi Germany on Holocaust Remembrance Day. This day marks 70 years since the Warsaw Ghetto uprising—a symbol of Jewish resistance against the Nazis during World War II. Learn more about the commemoration taking place in Israel via the link below.
Great game, but sad outcome. Thank you to Wichita State University for inviting Robba and I, and congratulations to the student athletes on an amazing season. You've made Kansans proud.
Robba and I are joined by Kansas Senator Susan Wagle and her husband, Tom, to root on the Wichita State Men's Basketball Team. Go Shockers!
Wichita State was only up by 1 point at halftime, but it's great to be here in the middle of a huge contingent of Shocker fans.
Will you be watching the Wichita State Men's Basketball Team today? Robba and I will be in Atlanta rooting for them. Go Shockers!
“I just know debate taught me how to think, not just how to speak.” —Elijah Smith  Congrats to Ryan Wash and Elijah Smith of Emporia State University who became the first team ever to win both national tournaments: the Cross Examination Debate Association (CEDA) national tournament and the National Debate Tournament. Read more about their success via the link below.
This week, it was great visiting COF Training Services in Ottawa. COF is a not-for-profit social services organization that empowers individuals with disabilities. During my visit, I received a pencil drawing from one of the community members and visited with board members.
Congratulations to Anthony Schmeideler and Jennifer Thornton, recipients of the first-ever KU Wounded Warrior Scholarship. They and their families have made great sacrifices on behalf of our country. I am proud to see Anthony and Jennifer welcomed into the University of Kansas community.
I paid tribute to my mom while driving through Greenwood County today, and stopped at a stone marker in Lamont. It commemorates her graduation from Lamont High School, which is no longer there.
Lori and Mikayla Bartlett provide entertainment at the annual meeting of the Pittsburg Family YMCA celebrating 126 years of service building Strong Kids, Strong Families and Strong Communities. Great to join you tonight.
Yesterday at Garnett Elementary, I had the opportunity to observe students from Ms. Brownrigg’s 6th Grade Class dissect owl pellets to learn what owls eat and how their digestive systems work.
 
 As ranking member of the education appropriations subcommittee, it’s important I stay up-to-date with what’s going on in Kansas classrooms. I will continue to do my part to see that teachers have both the resources and flexibility to effectively meet the needs of their students.
Yesterday, the U.N. General Assembly held a hasty vote to pass the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty after Iran, North Korea and Syria blocked the U.N. ATT last week. By agreeing to the hasty process that sent the treaty to the General Assembly for a majority vote, the Administration abandoned its previous insistence on consensus.   The passage of a treaty that Iran, Syria and North Korea have made clear they have no intention of abiding by will only serve to constrain law-abiding democracies like the United States. The U.S. Senate is united in strong opposition to a treaty that puts us on level ground with dictatorships who abuse human rights and arms terrorists, but there is real concern that the Administration feels pressured to sign a treaty that violates our Constitutional rights. Given the apparent support of the Obama Administration for the ATT, I will continue to lead the U.S. Senate's effort to make clear that any treaty that violates our Second Amendment freedoms will be an absolute nonstarter for ratification.
It was great to visit Marshall Elementary School in Eureka yesterday. Last year, Marshall was named a National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education—the only elementary school in Kansas to receive this honor.
 
 I am committed to doing everything I can back in Washington to make certain every Kansas student has the opportunity to receive a quality education. Congress plays an important role, but must be careful not to pass federal mandates that restrict ingenuity, responsiveness, and development for education at the state and local levels.
This afternoon I was delighted to speak at the dedication of Children’s Mercy Specialty Clinics in Wichita, their first permanent clinic outside the Kansas City Metroplex. Last year alone, Children’s Mercy experienced more than 3,400 patient visits from Wichita and more than 4,500 from Sedgwick County. In response to that demand, Children’s Mercy expanded its presence and will offer a variety of essential pediatric services—all good news for families in Sedgwick County and the surrounding communities.  It was also good to see Children's Mercy CEO Rand O'Donnell. He presented me with a black and gold Wichita State Shocker scarf, which I'm wearing proudly.
I hope you and your family have an enjoyable and meaningful Easter. I am spending the day with family in Manhattan, where we joined the congregation of First Presbyterian Church. The Easter season is an important time to remember the sacrifices being made by so many Kansas serving abroad and all members of our Armed Forces. Their service is helping to protect the freedoms we enjoy in the United States, and I hope you will keep our service men and women and their families in your thoughts and prayers this Easter.
Last night was another exciting win for the ninth-seeded Wichita State Men's Basketball Team over second-seeded Ohio State. I'm looking forward to seeing the Shockers head to their first Final Four since 1965.
Despite having only seven players on their roster, the K-State Women's Basketball Team is advancing to the WNIT Final Four. Congrats, Wildcats!
This afternoon, Robba and I are cheering on the K-State Women's Basketball Team at Bramlage Coliseum. Good luck to Coach Patterson and the team—a win will mean advancing to the WNIT Final Four.
Good luck to the The University of Kansas Jayhawks tonight against the University of Michigan. You're making Kansans proud.
This morning, I toured the Kansas Academy for Mathematics and Science (KAMS) at Fort Hays State University and visited with students and faculty. Each year, 40 high school juniors from across the state move in to a campus dorm where they complete their last two years of high school coursework while also taking college math and science courses. The Kansas Legislature founded KAMS in 2006 to challenge the state’s most talented students, and it has been a great success. I was incredibly impressed by these young minds, and hope more young Kansans will follow in their footsteps.
I have said all along that negotiating the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty with dictatorships was a bad idea. Last night, Iran, Syria and North Korea made clear they have no intention of abiding by any such treaty. Therefore, any ATT would only serve to constrain law-abiding democracies like the United States. The most recent collapse of ATT negotiations should serve as a wake-up call to the world’s democracies of the inherent flaws in the U.N. treaty process that puts us on level ground with dictatorships who abuse human rights and arms terrorists.  Next week, I anticipate ATT supporters will seek new avenues for treaty adoption, such a vote in the U.N. General Assembly. Given the apparent support of the Obama Administration for the ATT, members of the U.S. Senate must continue to make clear that any treaty that violates our Second Amendment freedoms will be an absolute nonstarter for ratification. That is why I have introduced S. Con. Res. 7 – the bipartisan resolution with 33 cosponsors which makes clear a U.N. ATT that undermines Constitutional freedoms of American gun owners will not be ratified by the Senate.
Good luck to Coach Marshall and the Shox tonight in Los Angeles as they gear up for a Sweet 16 win against LaSalle. Wichita State continues to make Kansas proud.
Recently, I sponsored Senator Tester of Montana’s Veterans Transportation Service Bill to make certain veterans — especially those who live in rural areas — have access to the quality health care they deserve. The bill provides funding for vehicles, mobility managers and transportation coordinators to help transport veterans to and from doctor’s appointments at VA Health Care Facilities. Currently, the VA Health Care Facilities in Topeka and Kansas City are benefiting from this program.  To learn more, click the link below.
Proud the The University of Kansas Jayhawks—my alma mater—is advancing once again to the Sweet 16. It's great to have two teams representing our state in the NCAA Tournament.
Congrats to the Wichita State Shockers for shocking No. 1-seed Gonzaga last night and moving on to the Sweet 16. Kansans are proud of you! Go Shox!
Many of you are responding to my statement about the FAA Air Traffic Control Towers with concern and confusion. The news article linked below helps to make clear my short-term solution of keeping 149 towers open and putting safety first.
Today, the FAA released the final list of 149 contract control towers that are targeted for closure beginning April 7, 2013. The Kansas Air Traffic Control facilities that are on the final closure list include: Philip Billard Municipal in Topeka; Hutchinson Municipal in Hutchinson; New Century Air Center in Olathe; Johnson County Executive in Olathe; and Manhattan Regional in Manhattan. Fortunately, Forbes Field in Topeka and Garden City Regional in Garden City have been removed from the closure list.  The Administration’s decision to shutter these air traffic control towers is short-sighted and dangerous. Closing control towers is equivalent to removing stop lights and stop signs from our roads.   Although my amendment to save the control towers and protect public safety was blocked by the Administration, this fight is not over. The Contract Tower Program is one of the most efficiently-run programs in the FAA, and it should be protected from an arbitrary and unfair 75 percent cut. I will continue my work to make certain the Administration puts the safety of air travelers first, and will actively encourage the FAA reconsider its decision. I have already spoken to the Chairperson of the Appropriations Committee to seek out other avenues to protect the 149 control towers slated for closure.
I am proud of our area civic leaders for what was a productive meeting with General Selva. Their advocacy of behalf of the Wichita and Derby communities and McConnell AFB is instrumental to our tanker basing efforts.
There are literally hundreds of backlogged amendments after four years without a Senate budget. Because we are finally debating a budget resolution, the majority party cannot restrict Senators from offering amendments—382 have been filed so far.
Yesterday, I introduced bipartisan legislation with three Senate colleagues to the Conrad State 30 Program — a national initiative that permits states to recommend visa waivers for physicians recruited to care for patients in medically underserved communities. Access to physicians and other health care providers is essential to the survival and success of Kansas towns and rural communities across the country. Kansas hospitals have used this program for years to recruit physicians to their communities. By 2020, projections show the nation may fall short by as many as 200,000 doctors, which will be felt the hardest in rural areas in Kansas and across the nation.  Learn more about this bill via the link below.
Despite my efforts this week, my amendment to save FAA Contract Control Towers from closing on April 7, 2013 was blocked from a vote today by Democratic Leadership. The only expressed opposition has been from the Administration; it is clear that saving air traffic control towers from closure does not fit their message that spending cannot be cut without disastrous consequences. I have serious concerns that we have arrived at a point where leaders in Washington care more about their own political futures than the safety and well-being of Americans.   The fight is not over; the Contract Tower Program is one of the most efficiently-run programs in the FAA, and it should be protected from an arbitrary and unfair 75 percent cut. I will continue my work to make certain the Administration puts the safety of air travelers ahead of political messaging, and will actively encourage the FAA to accept appeals from the targeted airports. I have already spoken to the Chairperson of the Appropriations Committee to seek out other avenues to protect the 173 control towers slated for closure.   The United States Senate is a historic body with a legacy of allowing debate, discussion and amendment. I am hopeful the Senate will soon return to the days in which a Senator has the ability offer amendments on behalf of Americans and influence the outcome of important pieces of legislation.
I have good news to share with Kansans – the U.S. Senate just passed an amendment to the Senate CR I sponsored that reinstates the Tuition Assistance program for service members, which was suspended for members of the U.S. Army, Marine Corps and Air Force as a result of Department of Defense sequestration decisions. If included in the final CR once the differences between the House and Senate versions are reconciled, this amendment will restore Tuition Assistance benefits and protect a program that gives our active-duty service members the quality education they deserve. Click the link below to learn more.
After a year-long deployment, I am pleased the 1st Infantry Division headquarters officially marked its homecoming to Fort Riley Tuesday. I am grateful for the soldiers’ service to our nation, but also want to express my thanks to their families for their sacrifice.
This morning, I continued my push to save 173 FAA Control Towers in 42 states – including 7 in Kansas – and asked Senator Reid to put the safety of Americans before politics. If he continues to block a vote on my amendment, which has 26 bipartisan Senate cosponsors, air traffic control towers across the country will close on April 7, 2013, putting the safety of Americans in jeopardy. There is no reason Control Towers should be disproportionately targeted for a 75% cut. If there is an accident, and somebody dies, the question will always be “what if there had been an air traffic control tower there? What if we had left the program in place?”
On this 40th Annual National Agriculture Day, I am proud to represent a state that has a rich history in farming and ranching, and whose agriculture industry remains competitive in today’s global marketplace. Thank you to all who contribute to agriculture in Kansas and in our country.
I enjoyed speaking this morning at the National Association for Home Care & Hospice’s conference in Washington, D.C. Access to quality health care services such as home care and hospice determines whether Kansans can remain in the homes and communities they love with their families. And the services are often cost-effective compared to other care options.
 
 Thank you to Kansas Home Care Association Executive Director Jane Kelly for inviting me to speak this morning and for introducing me at the event.
Today I attended the 24th Annual St. Patrick’s Day Celebration in Rush Center. I visited with residents of Rush County and enjoyed the opportunity to catch up with old friends. I also joined the St. Patrick’s Day parade and enjoyed seeing the Rush County Cub Scouts march with the American flag.
$85 billion is a lot of money, but sequestration cuts are only a fraction of the cuts needed to solve our nation’s debt crisis. Allowing the President to make politically motivated cuts is not the answer. This week, I introduced several amendments that outline smarter ways to reduce government spending than sequestration’s arbitrary, across-the-board cuts. As I work to pass these amendments through Congress, I am urging my colleagues to join me in identifying more spending reductions that target wasteful or inefficient government programs.
In case you missed my interview this morning on my amendments to reinstate the Tuition Assistance program for service members and re-open the White House to Americans, you can watch it below. This is an opportunity to use common sense and make decisions that benefit Americans.
This morning, I stopped by the American Royal and met with students at the FIRST Robotics Competition. I discussed the importance of strengthening curriculums in science, technology, engineering and math, as well as value of pursuing an education and career path in a STEM field.  Pictured here are students from Newton High School who talked to me about their robot and high school program.
This morning at 10:20 a.m. CT, I'll be on Fox News to discuss my amendments to the Senate Continuing Resolution (CR) including including one to keep air traffic control towers open, one to reinstate the Tuition Assistance program for service members, and one to re-open the White House to Americans.  I hope you'll tune in.
Today I sponsored an amendment to the Senate CR to reinstating the Tuition Assistance program for service members and make certain they receive the college education they deserve. Sacrifices in sequestration are to be expected, but the Administration’s decision to make immediate cuts to the welfare of those who serve this country with duty and honor is absurd.  The Tuition Assistance program gives our active-duty service members the quality education they deserve, and helps make certain our military has the best and brightest defending our freedom. The program also levels the playing field when members of the military return to civilian life.  We can and must be smarter with our spending decisions and make cuts in ways that do not intentionally and unnecessarily inflict hardship and aggravation upon our service men and women.
It was a pleasure meeting with Bill Gates this morning to learn more about the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and its efforts to address extreme poverty and poor health in developing countries. Specifically, we discussed the Foundation’s collaboration with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and private partners such as Rotary International to eradicate polio across the globe. As the Ranking Member on the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, I have the opportunity to help shape priorities of the CDC.  We also discussed international agricultural development as a means of fighting hunger and policies to grow high-skilled jobs in United States and enhance the global competitiveness of our nation.
As the Obama Administration prepares to engage in a new round of negotiations of the U.N. ATT in New York, I sent a strong message to the President yesterday: do not negotiate a treaty that would infringe upon the liberties and freedoms of American citizens.
Today I introduced an amendment to the Senate CR that would re-open the White House to the American people. My amendment would transfer $2.5 million from the TSA to the Secret Service to pay for the security staff necessary for White House tours for the remainder of FY 2013. TSA can absorb this cut – just last week they signed a $50 million contract for new outfits.  There is no reason why American taxpayers should spend more on TSA officers’ uniforms every year than a United States Marine Corps lieutenant is allowed to spend in a lifetime. The same taxpayers who are funding TSA officers’ new uniforms are being denied the opportunity to tour the White House – the people’s house.  We can and must be smarter with our spending decisions and make cuts in ways that do not intentionally and unnecessarily inflict hardship and aggravation upon the American people.
Last week, I heard from the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars and Disabled American Veterans that there is a significant problem in regard to how the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs answers the concerns and claims of those who have served our country with duty and honor. I’ve also listened to countless stories from folks who wait months — and in some cases years — to have their claims make it through all the wickets of the VA, and this is unacceptable.   Today, I questioned the Undersecretary for Benefits for the Department of Veterans' Affairs regarding how the Administration is partnering with Veteran Service Organizations (VSO), the private sector, and seeking the inputs from their own personnel to determine the problems and resolve the backlog.    See me question the Undersecretary via the video linked here.
Today, I spoke at a press conference with Senator Pat Roberts and Representative Mike Kelly from Pennsylvania to introduce concurrent resolutions in the Senate and House opposing the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty (ATT). Next week, the Obama Administration will continue its reversal of the policies of both Presidents Clinton and Bush and engage in a new round of U.N. ATT negotiations in New York. 
 
 We must avoid a situation where the Administration, due to its continued willingness to negotiate, feels pressured to sign a treaty that violates our constitutional rights.
I am strongly opposed to the FAA’s plan to shut down air traffic control towers across the country, including seven towers in Kansas. I joined the Kansas delegation in expressing my concern to Secretary LaHood and FAA Administrator Huerta, and will be taking this fight a step further by introducing an amendment to the CR to protect these contract towers. I am committed to aviation in rural America and know firsthand the importance of maintaining commercial air service in communities across Kansas.
Visit your local Dillons this week to take part in the state-wide Kansas Food Drive: Neighbor to Neighbor. The goal is to raise 50,000 meals for Kansas families by Tuesday, March 19, through food and monetary donations.   The Kansas Department of Agriculture is hosting the food drive as part of Kansas Agriculture Week to help Kansas families in need and recognize our state’s farmers and ranchers. It is a public-private partnership between Dillons Food Stores, Harvesters, the Kansas Food Bank, and Second Harvest Community Food Bank.
I'll be on CNN at 1:20 p.m. CT with Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia to talk about Startup Act 3.0, our plan to jumpstart the economy and create jobs for Americans through the creation and growth of new businesses. Please watch!
I'll be appearing on Fox News Channel momentarily to discuss the importance of passing a budget and Startup Act 3.0. Please tune in!
Today, I understand that soldiers and universities were notified that the Army is suspending all tuition assistance to currently enrolled Army soldiers and have placed a hold on new enrollments. Sacrifices in sequestration are to be expected, but I find it absurd that the Obama Administration is deciding to make immediate cuts to the welfare of those who serve this country with duty and honor.  I am also disappointed with how the Department of Defense and the Army are choosing to notify soldiers—adding stress and fear to those who should be safeguarded from this budgetary mess. Soldiers seeking higher education should not have to worry about the Army’s commitment to assist with tuition.  As his first week in the Department of Defense is underway, Secretary Hagel needs to get a handle on how reductions are being decided in his Department, especially when he expressed that his biggest concern is taking care of members of the military and their families. I’m seeking answers and ground truth from the Army and the Department of Defense.
I’ll be on 1350 KMAN Radio tomorrow morning just after 9 a.m. discussing news of the day with Cathy Dawes. Tune in or listen online.
Yesterday, three representatives from Johnson County Emergency Medical Services came by to visit about the need to streamline the training process for military and civilian first responders. By standardizing military and civilian regimen training, our veterans could more easily transition into similar roles when they return home.
 
 I look forward to working on policies that allow our veterans to further contribute to the safety of their communities by applying the critical medical training they acquired while serving our country.
Welcome home to almost 170 soldiers from the Big Red One who returned yesterday after serving our country in Afghanistan for the last year.
One of the most important responsibilities of our government is to ensure the safety of American citizens, but it must be done while remaining true to the U.S. Constitution.  Today on the Senate floor along with Senator Rand Paul and other Senate colleagues, I shared my concerns about maintaining the rule of law and this Administration's refusal to rule out the use of drone strikes on American citizens here in the United States.
Yesterday, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said sequestration wouldn’t impact the Secret Service Protective Detail. Today, the Administration canceled self-guided tours of The White House for seemingly no reason.  Do you have an upcoming trip to Washington that will be impacted?
Kansas State University College of Veterinary Medicine Students Allison Nelson and Kim Hoefert came by my D.C. office today to discuss a bill I cosponsored last Congress: the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program Enhancement Act. The bill would make the existing program more effective, and I plan to cosponsor again this Congress.  The Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program recruits livestock and public health veterinarians to rural areas of the country where they are needed to promote food safety and assist communities with agricultural needs. It is always good to see dedicated students working on important issues that could positively impact our state.
The news that the scale of the Holocaust was even worse than previously thought is a sobering reminder that in order to prevent such horrors from ever happening again, we must never forget the atrocities committed during World War II. Our country stands united in opposition to tyranny and discrimination.
This afternoon I spoke at the Walmart Foundation Kansas State Giving Program in Wichita. The foundation awarded more than $275,000 to area nonprofits for their efforts to combat hunger and strengthen the local community.  Public-private partnerships like these help make Kansas communities a great place to live, work and raise a family. Thank you to Walmart for investing in the place we call home.
Today, the U.S. State Department released its draft environmental assessment of the Keystone XL Pipeline, which it found to be environmentally sound. With the release of this draft analysis, the Administration has an opportunity to do something good for the energy security of our country and for job creation. I call upon the President to approve the project, progress through the permitting process, and allow the American workforce to move our country toward greater energy security with the building of the Keystone XL pipeline.
I met with members of American Legion and Disabled American Veterans this week to discuss their priorities in the 113th Congress. I heard their message loud and clear — the claims backlog is getting out of hand and must be resolved so that veterans receive the care they deserve. Another pressing concern is access to physicians in rural communities, and I’ve personally asked the Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki to address this need in Kansas and expect to receive answers soon. I remain committed to assisting veterans and their families, and will not forget what they’ve sacrificed for our nation.
Following the New Year’s Eve "fiscal cliff" negotiations, Americans demanded that Washington get serious about spending. Instead, the White House is calling for yet another eleventh hour, closed door meeting tomorrow just like the ones that got us into this mess. Americans are tired of backroom deals that don’t address our spending problem and they are ready for tough decisions. What will it take for Congress and the President to put an end to this crisis-to-crisis mode of governing?
As the snow begins to melt, it’s important to thank National Guard members in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas who were ready for the storm system and provided aid to stranded motorists and affected Americans.
Today, a statue of Rosa Parks was unveiled in the U.S. Capitol. This tribute to the life and legacy of Rosa Parks will serve as a reminder of her act of quiet courage that distinguished her as a catalyst of the modern civil rights movement—a contribution that forever changed our nation for the better. Let us follow Rosa Parks’ example that "each person must live their life as a model for others."
This week, I had the pleasure of getting to know General Paul Selva, Commander of Air Mobility Command (AMC). The AMC leads global mobility operations for our Armed Serves including the vital aerial refueling missions that Kansas-based Forbes Air Force Base and McConnell Air Force Base carry out on a daily basis. As the Air Force continues to evaluate base finalists for the new KC-46A tankers, I wanted General Selva to know the imperative and strategic role Kansas plays to execute global mobility with the airmen at McConnell and Forbes.
If you’re an undergraduate or graduate student interested in public service and government, I hope you’ll consider applying for a summer internship in my Washington, D.C., office. The application deadline is this week, Friday, March 1.  Watch this video to learn about former interns’ experiences.
After 60 years, I am pleased that Father Emil Kapaun will finally receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. Father Kapaun was a Kansan and Korean War hero who distinguished himself by risking his life for the sake of others.
Today, Kansans received good news from the Department of Homeland Security. They awarded the $40 million utility work contract for the construction of the Central Utilities Plant (CUP), an important step toward constructing the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) on the Kansas State University campus. Without the capabilities NBAF provides, our country is at risk from foreign animal disease threats.
Even during a blizzard, there's no place like home.
With snow totaling more than 10 inches in some areas of the state, the Kansas Department of Transportation is urging Kansans to stay off the roads today. The good news is the snow will provide much-needed moisture for our farmers.  I hope you’ll use Kansas common sense if you do decide to brave the weather.
Yesterday, I spoke at the Greater Topeka Chamber of Commerce/GO Topeka Breakfast and had the opportunity to answer questions about sequestration, the national debt, and the need for Congress and the President to work together to address the economic issues we face as a country. We also discussed Topeka, Kansas-specific issues including levies, state taxes, and local investment. 
 
 It was good to see Topeka Mayor Bill Bunten and thanks to Steve Hahn for introducing me. I appreciate the Topeka Chamber Members’ attendance and commitment to our state’s capital city.
My thoughts and prayers are with all who were injured and the family of the individual killed in yesterday’s shocking explosion in Kansas City. Thank you to the emergency responders who reacted so quickly to this tragic incident.
This week, I enjoyed my student-led tour of Riley County High School, and was impressed by the school’s dedicated departments in art, agriculture, and science. I was also glad to hear that even in this rural community, enrollment numbers have remained steady.
I'm looking forward to the joint town hall meeting today with Sen. Pat Roberts and Congressman Kevin Yoder at Olathe City Hall at 4 p.m. CT.  If you're in the area, I hope you'll join us.
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 9-0 in favor of Kansas native Jeff Chafin in his battle to bring his daughter Eris back to the United States so he can fight for his daughter in the U.S. judicial system. For the past 2 years, Jeff has struggled to regain custody of his daughter after his estranged wife was deported by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, moved to Scotland, and won a lower court decision allowing her to take Eris with her against Jeff’s wishes.   I had the opportunity to visit with Jeff and his family this winter. He exemplifies the best in our U.S. Army and is a dedicated and loving father. The court’s unanimous decision states that U.S. custody cases are not moot when the child is abroad. I am hopeful that this victory for Jeff in the highest court in the United States will provide clarity for future international custody cases and create an amicable resolution for the Chafin family.
Yesterday, I attended Marysville Rotary Club. It was held at the newly refurbished bowling alley owned by Don Landoll (pictured). Don wanted to give Marysville residents of all ages something fun to do in their hometown, and I applaud him for his efforts to improve his rural community.
Today, I had the privilege of presenting medals to Vietnam War veteran Patrick Ramsey of Clay Center. Mr. Ramsey served as a helicopter pilot and Infantry Officer during the Vietnam War. Enlisting in 1967, he logged 1,000 hours as a combat pilot before returning to Ft. Riley where he served on active duty until 1973. He joined the Kansas National Guard in 1975 and continued to serve our country until 1991.  Thanks to Mr. Ramsey and all of our nation’s veterans for your service and sacrifice that allows us to live in the strongest, freest and greatest nation in the world.
Last night, Robba and I helped honor Kansas State University on its 150th anniversary. K-State is Kansas' first public university and America's first land grant institution.  I have learned how special the K-State family is from my own two daughters who both chose K-State for their undergraduate education. I know the university's next 150 years will be even brighter than the last.  Here's a picture of Robba and I with President Kirk Schulz.
It was good to attend Emporia State University's 150th Anniversary Luncheon today.  Emporia State has made a tremendous difference in the lives of many Kansans—certainly the many students who have attended ESU.  Of the 35,000 teachers in our state, 9,500 are former ESU students. The theme of their 150th anniversary is "Changing Lives," which is fitting because it's something teachers do every day in classrooms across our state and nation. Congratulations to President Shonrock and the Emporia State family.
This week, I recognized Emporia State University's 150th anniversary on the Senate Floor with Sen. Pat Roberts.  Founded to train teachers, I’m proud that Emporia State remains committed to their original mission and is successful in equipping our future educators — a profession whose work impacts the lives of all Kansans and Americans.
Next up in the 7 o'clock hour (CT), Steve Case and I are speaking with Neil Cavuto on Fox Business about Startup Act 3.0. Tune in and learn more about the bill I introduced today.
Tune in to The Kudlow Report tonight at 6 p.m. CT on CNBC to hear Steve Case and I discuss Startup Act 3.0.  The new bill creates both Entrepreneur and STEM Visas for highly-educated and entrepreneurial immigrants to stay in the United States where their talent and new ideas can fuel economic growth and create American jobs.  To learn more about Startup Act 3.0, see the link below.
With 23 million Americans unemployed or underemployed, I was hoping the President would outline an agenda focused on policies that promote economic growth, job creation, and opportunities for every American in his State of the Union address last night. Unfortunately, he delivered the same message of higher taxes and spending, more regulation of our lives and businesses, and refused to address the need for solvent Social Security and Medicare programs. It is no wonder our economy is shrinking and businesses not hiring.  Read my full statement via the link below.
It was a pleasure meeting Kansas City Kansas Community College Trustee Mary Ann Flunder tonight at the Kansas Association of Community College Trustees Reception. Mary Ann is my guest at President's State of the Union address this evening, and I appreciate all she does to support higher education in Kansas.
Last week, I was honored to receive the 2012 Distinguished Public Service Award from the Association of American Cancer Institutes (AACI). AACI is dedicated to promoting the nation’s leading research institutions’ efforts to eradicate cancer through comprehensive and multidisciplinary programs.  This honor was especially meaningful because it was presented to me personally by Dr. Roy Jensen, Director of University of Kansas Cancer Center (KUCC). I am proud to support tremendous research advances in Kansas, and look forward to continuing to advocate for efforts to combat cancer and bring new hope to patients and their families.
Great to join Tiger fans at Gross Memorial Coliseum to watch a victory of Kearney. I appreciate Dr. Hammond's leadership at FHSU and for his hospitality today. Thanks to all the folks who wanted to ask me questions and suggest what I should be doing in Washington, DC.
Today, I stopped by Stafford to honor residents with my "Building Better Communities" award. It was good to see so many friends, and spotlight how creative thinking and teamwork made a difference in their community.  To learn about the Stafford community's efforts to revitalize their town, watch the video linked here. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD0GASLOjXQ
Last night, I attended the Salina Area Chamber of Commerce Annual Meeting, where four-time Super Bowl champion Terry Bradshaw was the keynote speaker.  Thank you to outgoing Chamber Chairman Dan Mendicina and incoming Chamber Chairman Clark Renfro for your service to the Salina community.
As the President prepares for his State of the Union address, I encourage him to discuss the role entrepreneurs play in economic growth and job creation.  Since 1980, entrepreneurs and their young companies have been responsible for nearly all of the net job creation in the U.S. economy—creating an average of 3 million new jobs each year.    Read my letter from Sens. Warner and Coons via the link below.
This morning, Robba and I are at the 61st annual National Prayer Breakfast. The inaugural event was started in part by two Kansans: President Eisenhower and Sen. Carlson.  The event is a time to put politics aside and join with other national and international leaders to pray for our nation and for the world. It is live on C-SPAN 2 now.
This afternoon I stopped by a medical research briefing hosted by FastCures and Friends of Cancer Research to learn more about how new medicines get from the lab to patients.  The panel was led by Director of the University of Kansas Cancer Center Dr. Roy Jensen (red tie), Director of the National Institutes of Health Dr. Francis Collins, Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Dr. Margaret Hamburg, and other experts in medical research and development.  Consistent support of innovative research partnerships with the nonprofit and private sectors are essential to saving and improving lives, growing our economy, reducing health care costs, and maintaining America's role as a global leader in medical innovation.
While the comment I received from Hutchinson resident Meredith is not uncommon, it proves that just as families find ways to cut spending and balance their budgets, so should Washington:  "My husband was laid off from Siemens Energy in Hutchinson on September 29, 2012. He was the last full-time employee laid off to walk out the door. We had to redo our budget so that our bills could be paid, food put on the table and deal with any emergencies that arose while he was unemployed. I expect the government of the United States of America should be able to accomplish this, as we did. You can't spend above and beyond what you actually have in your possession."  Share your thoughts on why fixing our fiscal house is an important part of the “Fight For Our Future.”
It was good to visit with Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, Vice President for Research Ron Trewyn, and Director of Governmental Relations Sue Peterson this morning. They even have this two-time University of Kansas graduate wearing purple.
It was a pleasure introducing Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation CEO Tom McDonnell this morning at the State of Entrepreneurship Address.
 
 The Kauffman Foundation has been an invaluable ally in my efforts to promote entrepreneurship and job creation in Washington. Their research shows that between 1980 and 2005, companies less than five years old accounted for nearly all of the new job growth in the United States.
 
 And at a time when national new business formation statistics near historic lows, Kansas is trending in a positive direction. This suggests that entrepreneurs have discovered something I’ve known for a long time: Kansas is a great place to start a business.
I recently visited Shawnee Mission Medical Center to tour their new Birth Center, which is set to open at the end of this month. The center delivers more babies than any hospital in the KC Metro area, and the expansion will increase the hospital's ability to provide quality, patient-centered care to women, children and families.
 
 Thanks to President and CEO Ken Bacon (sporting a cowboy hard hat—he’s a Texas native) and Administrative Director of Women's and Children's Services Denise Martinek for the tour.
On Saturday, I'll be traveling to Stafford to honor residents with my "Building Better Communities" award. I created the award to spotlight positive community action in Kansas and show how creative thinking and teamwork make a positive difference in our state and country.
 
 To learn about the Stafford community's efforts to revitalize their community, watch the video linked here.
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD0GASLOjXQ
Do you know the differences between President Obama’s FY2013 Budget and what his debt reduction commission proposed?  I’ve posted summaries of both, along with Rep. Paul Ryan’s House FY2013 Budget Resolution on my website to give you an opportunity to voice your support or opposition to individual provisions.   Proposal provisions have received nearly 6,000 votes so far. Visit the site to learn, vote and join the Fight For Our Future.
My thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of former U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle.  Deployed to Iraq four times, his courage and commitment to our country is inspiring for all Americans.
If you're tuning in to watch Super Bowl tonight, look for San Francisco 49ers' Michael Wilhoite and Baltimore Ravens' Cary Williams.  Michael and Cary are both former Washburn University football players, and will be the first Ichabods to compete in the Super Bowl.
Last night I joined Larry Kudlow on CNBC to talk about the dissolution of the President's Jobs Council. We also discussed sequestration and the need to cut spending.
Last night, I voted for Sen. Rand Paul’s amendment to stop the sale of fighter planes and other military equipment to Egypt. Egypt is unstable and President Morsi’s commitment to peace with Israel and respect for human rights is uncertain. Allowing Egypt to purchase deadly military equipment is not in America’s best interest.
Yesterday, I spoke on the Senate Floor to honor Kansas City’s Adele Hall who passed away earlier this week. I extend my heartfelt sympathies to her husband, Don; sons Donald and David; daughter Margaret; and her nine grandchildren.
More than 2,200 Kansans representing all 105 counties have joined me in sending a message to the President: it’s time to have an open and honest debate about the debt and government's spending problem. To read the full text of our letter, visit: http://moran.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=letter-to-president-obama
Tune into CNBC's The Kudlow Report at 6 p.m. CT when I’ll visit with Larry about my disappointment regarding the Jobs Council disbandment, Startup Act 2.0 and the spending debate.
Yesterday afternoon, I visited with officers and staff from the Johnson County Sheriff's Office and Criminalistics Laboratory. 
 
 We discussed various pieces of legislation and grant programs. But most importantly, I had the opportunity to thank them for their service to the Johnson County, Kansas, community.
This week, the U.S.D.A. announced that Japan revised their guidelines to allow beef imports from cattle up to 30 months of age. Back in 2011, I called on President Obama to urge Japanese leaders to relax their restrictions on U.S. beef imports, and the new guidelines are closer to internationally-accepted, science-based trading standards.  American farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality agricultural products in the world. This decision means more jobs and revenue in Kansas and our country, while providing Japanese consumers increased access to our products.
Kansas City lost one of its greatest civic champions this week with the passing of Adele Hall.  In a time when we often wonder what one person can do, Adele showed us that you can make a difference — one life at a time. And it starts when an individual stands up and says that there is no better use of our time, talents, and resources than to give back to the communities in which we live. Her involvement in the Kansas City community and her selflessness serves as an inspiration to all Americans.  My thoughts and prayers are with the Hall family.
It’s the Kansas Beef Council, Kansas Department of Agriculture and Kansas Department of Education's Kansas Beef Day for Kansas School Lunch Week.  Today, I took time to eat hamburgers with my interns and staff to show our support. We hope you’ll join Kansans across the state to celebrate an important part of our state’s agricultural industry.
Out-of control government spending has increased our national debt to a record $16 trillion and counting, and if left unchecked it will have a disastrous impact on the future of our nation. No country, business or family can operate responsibly without a budget – yet Washington has not passed a budget in 1,372 days. That is why I’ve signed on as a sponsor of Sen. Heller’s #nobudgetnopay Act. We must set a budget that lowers spending and live by it. If Congress does not do its job, we should not get paid.
It’s Kansas Beef Day. Join Kansans in celebrating an important industry in our state and #eatbeef.
“The problem is real. The solution will be painful. There is no easy way out. Everything must be on the table. And Washington must lead.” —The Moment of Truth, Report of the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform  Like President Obama’s Debt Commission stated, the time is now to cut spending. I’m committed to fighting for fiscal responsibility, and hope you’ll share your input. View the video below, and visit www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture to join the fight.
On January 29, 1861, our state was founded on the ideals of personal freedom and individual liberty. The 152nd anniversary serves as a time to challenge all Kansans to carry on the enduring legacy of our founders.  I believe there are bright days ahead, and look forward to a prosperous future for our state. Click the link below to read my editorial.
It is thought to be compassionate to spend money. But how can it be compassionate to spend money that is not ours, that is the next generation’s?  Join the fight at www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture.
Saturday, I presented the Wichita Aero Club Trophy to Airbus Americas Engineering and its vice president of engineering, John O’ Leary. It was good to celebrate the contributions Airbus has made over the past 10 years to the Wichita, Kansas, community and to our state.
Unsustainable growth of government spending is an economic threat to America today and in the future. Please join me in sending a message to President Obama to encourage an open, honest, and urgent discussion of our government’s spending problem. I encourage you to visit http://moran.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=letter-to-president-obama and join the hundreds of Kansans who want to achieve meaningful spending reform and have already signed my letter to the President.
I’m interested in your thoughts.   In his Secretary of State confirmation hearing yesterday, Sen. John Kerry said, "In these days of fiscal crisis… we can't be strong in the world unless we're strong at home. The first priority will be that America, at last, puts its fiscal house in order. More than ever, foreign policy is economic policy.”   Do you agree that addressing our national debt is important to our national security?  
Thanks to all who participated in the Fight For Our Future telephone town hall meeting last night to share your input on ways to reduce spending. In case you were unable to provide input or leave a voicemail, visit www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture.
The ever growing national debt is a threat to our economy and the future of our children. Tonight I’m hosting a town hall meeting via telephone as part of my new Fight For Our Future initiative. It is important that Kansans have an opportunity to share their thoughts about our country’s overspending and weigh-in on the proposals being considered in Congress.  The call begins at 6:45 p.m. CT and will last approximately one hour. If you would like to join, please dial 1-877-229-8493 and enter 18384 when prompted. I look forward to hearing your input and ideas.
Congress and the President need to hear your voice in the fight to reduce spending. Today I launched Fight For Our Future to make that happen. Please visit www.moran.senate.gov/ourfuture to learn about the issue, vote for proposed solutions, and provide feedback directly to Washington.
On the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I welcome the thousands of Kansans and Americans who will be traveling to Washington this week for the annual March for Life on Friday. It is important to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves.
Two ranked Kansas teams — #3 Kansas and #11 K-State — are facing off tonight at the Sunflower Showdown in Manhattan. Only two other times since 1958 have both teams been ranked for a regular-season game.  Who are you rooting for?
There is no justification for killing innocent people.  My deepest sympathies go out to the loved ones of the three Americans who were murdered by terrorists last week in Algeria.
As we celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr.'s life today, I am reflecting on his powerful words. His words and actions forever changed our nation for the better.  “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.”
It was fun to get back to Codell this afternoon and celebrate Ellen Hockett's 100th birthday with her friends and family.  I received lots of instruction from folks as I get ready to head back to Washington, D.C.
According to the Kansas Business Formation Report released last week, more than 15,000 new businesses were established in Kansas in 2012 — surpassing 13,626 in 2011 — making last year a record year for Kansas startups.  These numbers suggest that entrepreneurs have discovered something I’ve known for a long time: Kansas is a great place to start a business. More startup companies in Kansas bode well for future job growth in our state, but there is more to do. Visit my website to learn more about the Startup Act and my efforts to spur business and job creation.
Yesterday I called on Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to advocate for the release of jailed American pastor Saeed Abedini. Saeed is an American citizen who was arrested last summer in Iran and detained because of his Christian faith. His trial is set for January 21.  No person should be detained, tortured or face execution for their religious beliefs. Iran’s treatment of Pastor Saeed is another example of the Iranian government’s disregard for fundamental human rights and religious freedom.
Here is my statement regarding the White House Gun Violence task force’s recommendations following the tragic Sandy Hook Elementary shooting:   “In wake of the recent tragedies in Connecticut and Colorado, Americans are ready to engage in a meaningful national conversation to determine a path forward that will keep our children safe. We can start by properly enforcing all of our existing gun laws. Criminals who misuse firearms should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. We must be careful, however, not to penalize responsible, law-abiding citizens or infringe upon civil liberties guaranteed in our Constitution.  “As our nation looks for real and lasting solutions, it is essential that we focus on what works and be realistic about what doesn’t. The President’s call for a ban on assault weapons is troubling, as such a measure would endanger the rights of Americans while not making us any safer.  “We must examine all factors that lead individuals to commit these monstrous acts, but the President’s plan in its entirety is not the proper way to implement a comprehensive strategy that will better protect our nation from gun violence.”
I’ve been diligently following the case of former Army Capt. and Fort Riley soldier William Swenson who saved numerous lives more than three years ago in Afghanistan and was justly nominated for the Medal of Honor. William's original nomination was somehow lost, and the Army reissued the paperwork after acknowledging the error.  The nomination has now made its way to the White House for the President’s approval, which is long overdue. I will continue to follow the case and ensure William receives the respect and gratitude he deserves for his service to our nation.
I traveled to Clay Center today to speak to the Clay Center Lions Club at Maury’s Restaurant and listen to the members' concerns on issues including the debt ceiling, our staggering national deficit, taxes, the Farm Bill and Obamacare. Thanks to Club President Dusty Mullen for being so welcoming, and thanks to all the residents who took time to visit with me today.
This morning we officially opened a new regional office in Manhattan. The opportunity for me and my staff to interact with constituents is very valuable as I make decisions about how to vote in Washington and what issues to pursue. Thanks to the Manhattan Area Chamber of Commerce for the warm welcome.
I was glad to hear our 41st President George H.W. Bush was released from the hospital today in Texas.
Today, we received great news from the U.S. Air Force that they recognize the critical role Kansas plays in our national security by selecting both McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita and Forbes Airfield in Topeka as finalists for the basing of the KC-46A tanker. The selection of not just one, but both Kansas Air Force bases is a testament to the critical role our state plays in supporting our military and their partners as they carry out missions overseas and at home. Strategically positioned in the heart of America, the location, capacity and mission of McConnell and Forbes make both bases exceptionally equipped to provide air mobility globally at a moment’s notice. As the process unfolds, I look forward to working with the Department of Defense, the Air Force and state and local leaders to make certain Kansas is the home to the new KC-46A tanker.
Yesterday, I had the pleasure of meeting Dylan Bathurst, an impressive young man and entrepreneur from Talmage, Kansas. After attending Fort Hays State University, Dylan was hired by Zappos, an online footwear startup later acquired by Amazon.com. More recently, Dylan founded his own startup company called Rumgr, a new online marketplace that has attracted over $500,000 in funding.  It is my goal to promote policies that best enable people like Dylan to innovate, take risks, and create companies that bring new ideas to market while growing the economy and creating jobs for Americans. You can learn more about Dylan and Rumgr at http://www.rumgr.com/story/
Congrats to the Wichita State, Kansas State and Kansas University basketball programs, all ranked in the AP Top 25 for the first time in nearly 50 years. Good luck as conference play gets underway.
In a few minutes I will join America’s Newsroom on the Fox News Channel to discuss the 'fiscal cliff', the debt ceiling, and the need to get serious about cutting federal spending to reduce the deficit.
Early Tuesday morning, I voted to stop President Obama’s scheduled pay increase for members of Congress from going into effect. America faces the largest national debt in our history and trillion-dollar annual deficits. We must change the way the government operates and significantly reduce spending. The President should not be considering pay increases for Congress.
