NA
Mark your calendar.  The U.S. Marshals Service 225th Anniversary Commemorative coins go on sale January 29, 2015. These coins are a great tribute to those who sacrifice their lives for law and order. I’m proud to have played a role in accomplishing this commemoration and celebrating Fort Smith’s storied history with the Marshals Service. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the coins will go to the U.S. Marshals Service Museum to be located in Fort Smith.
We're putting together our final newsletter of 2014. Sign up at the link below to get it sent to your email.
Promising to see that a bill moving the Keystone XL Pipeline will be one of the first things up in 2015.
I'm proud that the Senate paved the way for the the construction of a National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial. Hear from one Arkansan who has been working to make this a reality for his fellow servicemembers.
Senate Republicans announced their committee assignments for the 114th Congress. I'm excited to once again be serving on the Agriculture Committee; Appropriations Committee; Environment and Public Works Committee (EPW); and Veterans Affairs Committee. I will also sit on the Rules Committee for this coming session of Congress.
Senate paves way for soldiers attacked in Little Rock to receive Purple Heart. Next step - work with the Army to get the honor they deserve.
Congratulations to Manila veteran Jerry McCain who my office presented veterans service medals to, including the Purple Heart, for his service in Vietnam.
Tune to KARN News Radio as I'll be on shortly to talk about business the Senate needs to wrap up before the 113th Congress adjourns.
My office works to obtain the recognition Arkansas veterans did not receive while serving. This year my office has helped more than 120 veterans and their families obtain service medals. We were proud to recognize Jack Massengale during a recent presentation in Harrison.
It was great getting to spend time today with Arkansas Senate pages Cogan Wade of Little Rock and Anthony Bennett of Ashdown. My colleagues and I appreciate their service this semester.
Arkansas veterans deserve certainty for the programs, services and benefits they earned and depend on. Preventing disability compensation, pension and GI Bill benefits from being used as a political football during budget fights is the right thing to do for our veterans so interruptions in services can be avoided.
Mark Smith and I discussed a number of topics, including the lame duck agenda and the President's immigration executive overreach, during this month's visit with KASU's morning program. If you missed it, you can listen to the entire interview by following the link to KASU's site below.
I'm joining Bentonville's Apple Glen Elementary fourth graders for a Skype interview.
I'll be joining KASU Public Radio for a live interview in about 15 minutes. Listen live at the link below.
I joined host David Goins yesterday to discuss the President's immigration executive order, lame duck session of Congress and what to expect from a Republican-led Senate in the coming year on KARK's "Capitol View" program. You can watch the interview by following this link.
We sat down with Capitol View's David Goins to talk about the lame duck session. Tune to KARK 4 News Sunday at 8:30 a.m. to watch the interview.
I support construction of the Keystone pipeline. This project is important to Arkansas businesses like Little Rock’s Welspun Tubular hired to make the pipe. I’m touring the facility today where hundreds of miles of pipe for the project is being stored in the company’s shipping yard. I’m confident we’ll have the votes to approve this project in the next Congress.
The House passed legislation that includes Boozman/Donnelly language to build a national memorial to commemorate the service and sacrifice of veterans who served in Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield. Now I'm working to push this though the Senate. Share to show your support for these veterans.
It's great to see Arkansas businesses leading efforts to hire veterans.
NA
I'm in an Ag Committee hearing right now to examine different ways farmers and ranchers can help improve water quality. Dr. Marty Matlock, Executive Director of the Office for Sustainability at the University of Arkansas will testify. You can watch the hearing and his testimony here.
Come January, Republicans will control both chambers of Congress, allowing us to put our commitment to cut Washington’s wasteful spending into action. I believe we can find a mechanism, like a Balanced Budget Amendment, that will stop the government from spending beyond its means. If Arkansas can be required to balance our state’s budget, there is no reason that we shouldn't be able to require Washington to do the same.  The national debt is a threat to our sovereignty. Foreign holdings account for almost half of these obligations, and much of that is owed to countries that do not always share our values—such as China and Saudi Arabia. We must end the excessive spending and put our nation back on a fiscally responsible path. The road we are on right now certainly isn’t fair to future generations. We can’t keep kicking the can down the road. In fact, it has been kicked so far down the road it is out of view.
NA
Today is the last day you can register your comments with the EPA on the President’s proposed carbon emissions mandates. These proposed mandates will drive up the price of electricity, send jobs overseas, and lead to the construction of foreign factories in places like China, which will emit far more carbon dioxide and pollution into the global atmosphere. The President’s plan will impact the daily lives of residents of our state - hitting hardworking families, seniors and those struggling to make ends meet the hardest. Let the EPA know how you feel by following the link below.
Mailbag Monday: Carla in Bella Vista wrote to me about two issues that she wants included in our agenda next Congress.
Wishing you and your family a happy and blessed Thanksgiving.
NA
The Southwest Times-Record was on hand when I visited Covington Court Health and Rehabilitation Center in Fort Smith yesterday. You can read their story by following the link below.
I am appreciative of Secretary Hagel’s service to our country and I wish him the best in his future endeavors. While a number of concerns led me to vote against his confirmation, his decision to resign lays firmly in the mess that is this administration’s national security policy.  We owe it to our servicemen and women to put the best person we can find in charge of the Department of Defense. President Obama needs to put forth a nominee with a clear understanding of national security challenges we face and a willingness to strongly advocate for the needs of our servicemen and women, even in the face of resistant administration officials. There are far too many threats—from ISIS, the nuclear ambitions of Iran, an emboldened Russia and more—to have a Secretary of Defense who is handcuffed by the administration’s shortcomings.
While it is better to continue negotiations than to capitulate to a bad deal, I can’t help but believe these ongoing extensions are nothing more than delay tactics by a regime that has no desire to abandon its nuclear ambitions. If the Iranian regime can continue to get sanction relief with no end in sight and no effort on its part, then this is the fruitless endeavor we predicted it to be at the onset. We must ensure that the Iranians are negotiating in good faith and in order to do that, all options must be on the table, including tough sanctions that make the regime listen.
It's time for another Mailbag Monday. This week I answer a question on free trade with foreign nations submitted by Peyton, a student in Ms. Tina Geske’s World History class at Washington Junior High in Bentonville. Appreciate all the great letters Ms. Geske's class sent in as part of their project.
Today is National Adoption Day. Adoption creates a forever family. Help me raise awareness about children in Arkansas in need of a loving family.
The Constitution charges the President with the responsibility to ensure the laws that Congress makes are faithfully executed. When the President tells millions of people that the law as written, no longer applies to them, he has moved from discretion to abuse. Make no mistake. Congress intends to use the power of the purse to defund the President’s actions. We will pursue all other available tools offered by our legislative and oversight powers to confront President Obama’s unprecedented abuses of power.
I'll discuss my opposition to the President's immigration executive order with Newsradio 102.9 KARN in 5 minutes. Listen live at the link below.
On POTUS's immigration executive order: "This is clearly an overreach of the office. He simply doesn’t have the authority to do this. Congress needs to take all the tools we have in the toolbox to really push back."
Earlier today, President Obama posted a video announcing he plans to take executive action on immigration reform, which will likely include granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. Earlier this week, I posted a “From the Mailbag” response where I discuss my opposition to this misguided approach. In case you missed it, here it is again.
Are you interested in a congressional internship? Learn more about internship opportunities in our seven state offices as well as our Washington, D.C. office. We need your application soon.
The Keystone Pipeline proposal has been studied to death. Every box has been checked. Our friends to the north are moving ahead with or without us. It is a shame that the administration and some of my colleagues are choosing the latter. The good news is we should be able to pass this job creating bill when the Republicans take control of the Senate in the coming year.
I am appalled by the disturbing news out of Jerusalem today. This barbaric attack on innocent people in a house of worship is heinous and cannot be condemned strongly enough. Palestinian leadership can and must do more to end terrorist attacks perpetrated against innocent Israelis. I offer my prayers for the victims’ families—including the three Americans killed in the attack—and continue to support Israel’s right to defend its citizens.
NA
I'm starting my day with an interview on Newsradio 102.9 KARN with Kevin Miller. You can listen live in 10 minutes at karnnewsradio.com
Sorry folks. That's all the time I have for our Q&A today. Thanks for participating.
I'm ready to begin the Q&A. Post your questions here.
Don't forget about our Facebook Q&A today.
Mailbag Monday: Anthony in Bella Vista wrote to me about the President's immigration executive order that media reports indicate could happen this week. "I strongly urge you to do do something to block the President from issuing an executive order regarding immigration law. This is too important to implement law on this subject by executive action."
NA
What does Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber's comments reveal about the mindset of the law's authors?
Have you submitted a photo for the #Love4AR Instagram competition? Follow me @johnboozman and share a picture of what you love about our state. Here is an example of one of the places I love in Arkansas. This is a picture of Beaver Lake. I enjoy spending time here with my family
The House is currently debating Keystone XL and will likely pass authorization again. We may finally get our turn to pass it in the Senate next week. This project needs to move forward. There are too many benefits—including thousands of jobs—for the President to continue to delay it. Let’s force the President to make a choice once and for all.
Follow @Johnboozman on Instagram and share your pictures of what you love about Arkansas in our #Love4AR Instagram contest.
I joined Lou Dobbs last night to talk about the Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on the President's funding request to combat Ebola. Watch it here.
I was happy to salute our veterans yesterday and share with  FOX16 News services available for Arkansas veterans, new therapies available and how my office can help. If you missed the interview you can watch it at the link below.
In case you missed our interview with KASU, you can listen to the interview by following the link below. We talked about Veterans Day, the new Congress' potential agenda and today's Appropriations Hearing on Ebola.
I'll be joining KASU Public Radio in about 20 minutes. You can listen live by clicking the link below.
Thank you to all who serve and have served to protect our nation. #veterans day
Today we salute our veterans for their selfless commitment and immeasurable sacrifice to protect this nation and its ideals. To all of our veterans, thank you and may God bless you, your families and the United States of America.
We live in a world where we no longer have to wait for the morning edition of the paper to read the latest news. We don’t have to wait for a delivery from the postman to get a message from a loved one. We don’t have to get in our car and head to a store to get a movie to watch or to shop for clothes, books and groceries. We have the ability to do these from the comfort of our homes thanks to the Internet.  These changes have come about, not through government fiat, but as a result of a hands-off policy that has allowed innovation to thrive. The ideas that the President is pushing will dramatically alter that dynamic at the expense of the consumer. His approach will stifle innovation, investment and ultimately lead to job losses in an industry that should be creating the next generation of career opportunities. Instead of relying on outdated laws to increase federal regulations and stifle job creation, Washington should focus on a pro-innovation agenda that promotes economic growth.
What does Veterans Day mean to you? Listen to what this important day means to me.
If you missed the interview this morning on 5NEWS you can watch it here.
Next week is Veterans Day. It was great talking with 5NEWS Daren Bobb today about what we're doing to honor Arkansas veterans and what we can expect during the next Congress. You can watch our interview on Sunday morning.
Some good opportunities for producers to learn about how to use programs created by the new Farm Bill.
Mailbag Monday: Ben in Cabot emailed me recently about the VA claims backlog and asked what is being done to help process claimers quicker.
I've heard from many Arkansans who are concerned about the imprisonment of former Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi after he was arrested seven months ago while crossing the border to Mexico. I’m pleased to see that Sgt. Tahmooressi was released and is back in the United States.
It was an honor to help induct the 2014 class into the Arkansas Veterans Hall of Fame last night. We are so grateful for their service. This year was personally special as the class included Major General Ron Chastain who works in my Little Rock office.
Taking in a little football in Arkadelphia today where SAU is in town to play OBU. Stopped in the booth for an interview with the Ouachita Tiger football network during the half.
Happy to visit the Boys and Girls Club of Little Rock and present a grant from DOJ for providing mentoring to city youth.
Excerpt: “It is with grave concern that we read reports in The Atlantic that public, yet anonymous, vulgar and disparaging characterizations of Prime Minister Netanyahu are being made by those whom work and speak on your behalf. Israel has long been one of our country’s closest allies, and we believe that attacks of a personal nature on its current head of state are wholly inappropriate, unacceptable and disgraceful.”
Are you signed up to receive our e-newsletter? We'll be sending out our latest edition of the Boozman Bulletin later today. Sign up on our homepage to get it in your inbox.
EPA’s latest attempted power grab will make life harder for Arkansas families, especially farm families. This proposed rule will give Washington virtually unlimited authority over all state and local waters. It’s an unprecedented takeover perpetrated by abuse of the rule making process. The administration has purposefully misrepresented the impact of this proposed rule and given stakeholders little opportunity to engage in the process in a meaningful way. That is why we are calling on the administration to immediately withdraw this proposed rule. I am committed to stopping to this administration’s attacks on our way of life, especially in rural areas, and the ‘Waters of the U.S.’ rule certainly falls into that category.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Jenny in Conway - I recently read in the news about more businesses relocating out of the country so they can avoid paying US corporate tax. What can be done to end businesses moving out of the country?
Larry Wilson of Bella Vista was one of four veterans honored at our medal presentation ceremony this afternoon. We are grateful for their service.
Several of my colleagues and I on the Senate Environment and Public Works (EPW) Committee released a report today to shine a light on the truth behind the science and economic benefits of hydraulic fracturing.   The report documents a concerted effort by fracking opponents, including many within the Obama administration, to mislead the American people about the benefits and safety of fracking. The report debunks claims that fracking has a devastating impact on the environment with empirical evidence and outlines how states have safely regulated the process for decades.  You can read the report by following this link to my blog.
College students looking for spring internships in Washington and Arkansas should check out this page to learn about the opportunities in my office.
Ranking Member Sessions and the Republicans on the Senate Budget Committee put together an excellent resource that documents the real world effects of Obamacare.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration designated this week as National Teen Driver Safety Week. Visit my blog to learn more about this campaign.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Connor, a Boy Scout working on his Citizenship in the Nation merit badge - I have chosen the topic of illegal child immigration from Central America. I realize that there are gangs and violence in Central America, but there are billions of people in the same situation and we can't let them all in. I believe that it would be cheaper to send them back to their home countries than to pay for them to remain in America.
In light of the federal government’s slow response, missteps and conflicting messages, the American people lack faith in the administration’s ability to respond to a public health emergency of this magnitude.   Therefore, I am pleased that President Obama recognizes the need for a point person in charge of the entire operation, but I do have concerns about his selection. Ron Klain has neither a logistics background nor an understanding of infectious diseases, two key components of ensuring a successful response to this crisis. Considering the enormous challenges ahead, in terms of preventing more Ebola cases from springing up in the United States as well as winning back the public’s confidence that Washington is prepared to respond, I sincerely hope he proves to be the right person for the job.   I believe the President needs a clear cut strategy to prevent the spread of Ebola. We need to be proactive and establish temporary travel restrictions for people entering the United States who have been to West African countries experiencing Ebola outbreaks. While the President has been resistant to this idea, the fact remains that more needs to be done to ensure public safety, and travel restrictions would be a commonsense place to start.
About to start final day of the #ARDefense tour. We finished the day yesterday with a great visit at Camp Robinson.
Thanks to Spectra Technologies for showing me around your Camden facility. Keep up the good work. #ARDefense
We all have a responsibility to eliminate bullying and help create an environment in which students feel safe and accepted all the time. To raise awareness, October is designated as National Bullying Prevention Month.
We're continuing on our Arkansas Defense Tour today with more stops in Camden this morning. KARD caught up with us at B&M Painting yesterday to ask about the tour. You can watch the interview below. Thanks to Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, Raytheon and B&M Painting for welcoming us to their facilities yesterday.
The Red River Army Depot (Official) was the first stop on a four-day defense tour of Arkansas military installations, businesses and jobs that contribute to our national defense and the protection of our nation’s servicemembers. I also enjoyed talking with Texarkana Gazette staff about the importance of RRAD to our national security. Read the Texarkana Gazette Official Site story below.
NA
Go Hogs! I'm ready to cheer on the #Razorbacks to victory tomorrow. Follow me on Instagram @JohnBoozman and tag me in your photo with your best Arkansas A.
If you missed our interview with KASU Public Radio you can listen to it here.
I'll be joining Jonesboro's KASU Public Radio for an interview in about 10 minutes. You can listen live at the link below.
It was great meeting with folks at Boone County Farm Bureau's annual meeting on Tuesday evening. There are a lot of Farm Bureau meetings this week. Tonight my staff will be at the Hempstead County Annual Farm Bureau Meeting at Hempstead Hall on the UACCH campus at 6 pm and the Lincoln County Farm Bureau Annual Meeting in Star City at 6:30 pm
I’ve heard from many concerned Arkansans about the administration’s critical habitat designation. This proposal would impact Arkansas families, farms, businesses and communities and threaten private property. That’s why I’m pressuring the administration to withdraw the proposals.
I'm honored to receive the National Association of Manufacturers Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence.
The Arkansas Small Business and Technology Development Center is a university-based economic development program that assists entrepreneurs with every aspect of business creation, management, and operation. On Friday ASBTDC is hosting a small business forum in Fort Smith so you can ask the experts topics concerning small business ownership, management and best practices. If you’re interested in attending register at the link below.
Proud to see that the service and sacrifice our nation’s disabled veterans is honored with a national memorial. The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial was dedicated in Washington, D.C.  yesterday. This serves as a constant reminder to all of the cost of human conflict.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from John in Stuttgart "Is ISIS the biggest threat to our national security?"
October is #Cybersecurity Awareness Month. Here are some tips to keep your online information safe.
My dad, grandpa and great uncle were members of the 142nd Fires Brigade Charlie Battery during their military careers. I enjoyed sharing my family’s memorabilia during the Charlie Battery reunion this weekend in Ozark. It was great visiting with Arkansas National Guard commander MG Wofford and visiting with former commanders, members and families of Charlie Battery.
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Joann in Jonesboro "Is Ebola something we should be worried about in the US? What can we do to help fight this epidemic?"
September is Suicide Prevention Month. One particular segment of the population where we are struggling to identify at-risk individuals is in our veterans’ community. That is why VA is among those actively working to raise awareness about suicide prevention. Learn more about what’s being done to prevent suicides in our latest column.
Prescription drug abuse is the fastest growing drug problem in the country. Get expired, unused and unwanted prescription drugs out of your home tomorrow as part of Arkansas Prescription Drug Take Back Initiative. Learn more about this effort and the nearest drop-off location to you.
NA
NA
Last week, we held a hearing on the Ebola crisis in West Africa. You can read my thoughts on how the U.S. can help and watch video from the hearing in my latest blog post.
Couldn't be happier for my hometown today. Congratulations Fort Smith!
As a result of the vision of the people of Fort Smith we are standing here today to celebrate this groundbreaking. #USMarshalsMuseum
It's an exciting day in Fort Smith. I'm here celebrating the groundbreaking of the U.S. Marshals Museum. You can watch the ceremony here.
This is an important investment for Faulkner County as it continues to rebuild and recover from April's  devestating storms. 
The community of Ozark is hosting a reunion to honor members and families of Charlie Battery on Saturday. I’m looking forward to celebrating Charlie Battery and all of its accomplishments as well as sharing memorabilia with other Arkansans who have a connection to this unit. 
Mailbag Monday: I received the following email from Elizabeth in Green Forest "I am very concerned about the new regulations the EPA is putting in place for each state concerning carbon emissions. I believe the regulations to be dangerous, counterproductive, costly, not to mention the electric unreliability this will cause. What is your plan in protecting us from this invasion?”
Tune in. I'll be joining KASU Public Radio in about 5 minutess to discuss some of the issues we're debating in Congress. 
EPA extended a comment period for mandates that will make electricity costs skyrocket. Let EPA know what you think 1.usa.gov/V82AoM 
I'm proud to honor Springdale’s Creekside Center for Women as a 2014 Angel in Adoption for its advocacy of adoption. We are fortunate to have this team of faith-based physicians in Arkansas. To learn more about their work and Angels in Adoption read our weekly column http://1.usa.gov/Zo3W1u
Join us for our Facebook Q&A. What questions do you have?
I'll be hosting a Facebook Q&A at noon central today to answer your questions. I'll have 30 minutes and look forward to answering as many questions I can.
The Battle for Fort McHenry in September 1814 would turn favor for Americans and serve as an inspiration for one of our most honored traditions – the national anthem. The Star Spangled Banner turns 200 today. Join me in celebrating the history of our national anthem.
Congratulations to AmeriCorps on 20 successful years. Thank you to all the volunteers who have made an impact in Arkansas. 
NA
NA
Happy to welcome these Arkansans to our nation's capital and wish them success for a great semester with The Washington Center.
EPA's carbon emissions mandate targets Arkansas with some of the most painful and severe cuts in the nation. The public deserves more time to weigh in because of the complexity of the mandate. That's why I joined this letter calling on EPA to grant a 60-day extension. 
Senseless acts of terrorism tested our nation’s resolve on 9/11, but we continue to share the ideals of democracy, freedom and liberty around the world. While we will never forget the sacrifices and heroism of everyday citizens, the best way to honor their lives is to remain vigilant against the threats that exist today. The size and strength of the Islamic State in Iraq and Levant shows that there are people who still want to attack our way of life, destroy our freedoms and cause harm to Americans both at home and abroad. We need to maintain a strong national defense, continue active intelligence gathering and preserve relationships with our allies around the globe to protect our country against the threats that exist today and will pose dangers to us in the future.
It was great to celebrate Conway’s new airport. This is vital to job creation in the region and will provide many benefits to the community. I congratulate everyone who worked hard to make this happen. Read the Log Cabin Democrat & thecabin.net http://bit.ly/1w8SMeL
I'm enjoying my time in Arkansas. Here is a rundown of some of the meetings and events I've participated in around the state in the past month. 
#TBT From one Razorback fan to another Woo Pig Sooie! I’m ready to kickoff the football season and cheer on the Arkansas Razorbacks
The Senate recently took pivotal steps to follow through with our promise to veterans by confirming a new VA Secretary and passing "The Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014." While this legislation addresses many of the shortcomings within the VA system, it will take time to properly implement these changes. There is still room for improvement. Read more in this week's column about keeping our promise to our veterans.
I'm in Jonesboro this morning touring the new NEA Baptist Medical Campus
Reminder: Today is the deadline for intern applications for the fall semester.
Arkansas is proud of the Barr family. Congratulations on being named the Air National Guard Family of the Year.
Finished the day with a lesson on honey farming and pollination at Coy's Honey Farm in Brookland.
Congratulations to the Southwest champs in the Cal Ripken World Series. The Little Rock team is making Arkansas proud and playing in Aberdeen, Maryland against teams from across the world. Good luck!
Learning about sweet potato farming at Matthews Ridge View Farm in Wynne
Starting off day 2 of the Ag tour with a demonstration on UAV use for agriculture. Thanks to Precision Ag for the demonstration.
Great first day of the annual ag tour. Looking forward to getting back out there tomorrow.
Our farm tour is off to a good start. Learning about water quality research being done at Maus Discovery Farm in Atkins.
Excited to start my annual ag tour on Monday.
In case you missed our interview with KASU you can listen here.
NA
NA
Thanks to this great group of students who spent the summer in our office helping the people of Arkansas. If you know of a qualified candidate who might be interested in serving as an intern either in one of our seven Arkansas offices or in Washington, you can find an application here. http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
I'm down at the SW border with colleagues for meeting and site visits on the immigration crisis. Here we are Hildago International Bridge.
My statement on the President's request for a blank check to deal with the border crisis. 
Along with Congressman Crawford’s legislation, the bill we are introducing in the Senate sends a strong message that the entire Arkansas Delegation remains concerned with what this agency is trying to do in Arkansas. The critical habitat designation will impact Arkansas families, farms, businesses and communities. I’ve been working with the delegation to both hold the FWS accountable and force it to be more transparent.
In case you missed it here's the speech I just gave about Arkansans' struggles with Obamacare.
I'll be sharing some of the stories I've heard from Arkansans about how Obamacare is negatively impacting their lives in about 10 minutes. You can watch here.
Thanks for participating in our Q&A. I tried to get to more questions this time. Many of you asked questions that were answered earlier so please look back. I look forward to answering your questions on Facebook again soon.
I'm here for a live Q&A and ready to answer your questions. Please post your questions, thoughts, and ideas below.
Please join me today at 12 CT for a Facebook Q&A. I look forward to this open discussion on Facebook and answering questions from Arkansans.
NA
Our interns have been great ambassadors of our office and great tour guides of the Capitol. In this picture, Weston, from Jonesboro, is pointing out important aspects of Statuary Hall to this Rogers family. If you're interested in interning apply here http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
Meeting with some great young Arkansans representing our state at Boys Nation and Girls Nation.
Agriculture is so important to our state. It's great that students are involved in learning about the industry. I was pleased to meet with Arkansas FFA President Bryce Rohr from Mountain Home and Secretary Becca Burrow from  Brinkley during their visit to Washington.
Listen live. I'll be joining KASU Public Radio in about 5 minutes. You can listen here.
Exciting news for Fort Smith was just unveiled in DC. Here's how the new US Marshal Service commemorative coin that will help fund the Marshals Museum is going to look.
NA
The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs is beginning its confirmation hearing for Robert McDonald to be the next Secretary of the VA. You can watch the hearing here http://www.c-span.org/video/?320559-1/va-secretary-nominee-confirmation-hearing&live
Congratulations to Arkansas National Guardsman Spc. Ryan L. Montgomery who earned the national title of Army National Guard’s “Soldier of the Year.” I wish him luck as he competes in the Department of the Army Best Warrior Competition. Arkansas is proud of you! This marks the third year in a row that an Arkansan has won the competition.
This bill is vital to our national security. It ensures our servicemen and women have everything they need to complete their missions safely and successfully. I am pleased that the committee backed our provisions to modernize the fleet used by the Arkansas National Guard Wing, protect the 39th Infantry Brigade Combat Team from unwarranted cuts and prevent DoD from hastily shutting down ROTC programs that put young Arkansans on the path to becoming great Army officers. Additionally, this will help protect rural Arkansans from overbearing, foolish EPA regulations that seek to halt DoD transfers of excess equipment to rural fire departments. In many cases, this is the only way rural fire departments can afford the equipment necessary to keep communities safe. There is no justification for discontinuing the program.
While the President requested emergency funding to help control the illegal immigrant crisis at the Southwest border, I have concerns with approving money without reforms to our immigration policy. As a member of the Appropriations Committee we asked administration officials about the plans for this request.
An unintended consequence of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, an otherwise well-intended law, makes it more difficult to return the unaccompanied minors here illegally to their home countries. I cosponsored an amendment that would correct this portion of the law, which even the President even has asked for, and yet Majority Leader Reid continues to block GOP amendments. A crisis of this magnitude is not the time for political games. The Majority Leader should stop delaying efforts to help.
We are getting lots of calls, emails and posts asking what Congress is doing to address the thousands of unaccompanied children from Central America that have been illegally entering our country by crossing the U.S.-Mexico border. The President has essentially asked for a blank check. We must respond by using the power of the purse to stipulate specific reforms be tied to this funding and move forward in a responsible manner. I wrote at length about what reforms I intend to push for in the piece linked below.  
Follow me on Instagram to get a firsthand look of what we're doing, including last week's activities in Arkansas.
We are making it more convenient to reach our office. My staff will host two mobile office events in Mississippi County today so you can get the help you need. We'll be in Blytheville from 10 a.m. to noon and Osceola from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Learn more about these events at the link below.
Congratulations to the participants and thanks to the volunteers of the National Veterans Golden Age Games held in Northwest Arkansas. More than 800 veterans from across the country competed in swimming, golf, horseshoes, track and field, nine ball, shooting and other sports.  Congratulations to Fayetteville’s Ves Lawbaugh, who competed in the 75 to 79 age group and won the gold medal in the one mile track, three silver medals in swimming (50 and 25 freestyle and 25 backstroke) and the bronze in marksmanship.
I’m headed back to Washington after a busy week in Arkansas. We spent a couple days in the River Valley and northwest Arkansas meeting with local officials, touring facilities and talking about how Washington can help (which in many cases is by getting out of the way). You can read and watch some of the local news coverage from these events by following the link below.
I want to thank these submarine veterans for a ride in today's Bella Vista Fourth of July parade. Have a happy and safe Independence Day. Hope you enjoy the fireworks, bbqs, parades and concerts that help us celebrate our great nation today.
I spent the day in northwest Arkansas yesterday at meetings about growth with the NWA Council and the NWA Regional Planning Commission, capped off with a ceremony marking the opening of the Fayetteville Flyover. One of the themes throughout the meetings was infrastructure needs for the rapidly growing region and the ceremony was a reminder that sensible infrastructure investments save money in the long-term, create immediate jobs and produce decades of economic opportunity for communities. Linked below is a column I recently wrote on the need to reform Highway Trust Fund, which is key to long lasting growth and development, and an issue we need to address when Congress returns to Washington for a month-long stretch next week.
Last Friday, our first group of summer interns wrapped up their time with us in Washington.They were a tremendous help to the people of Arkansas over the course of their internships and I appreciate their commitment and dedication. I am confident that these young men and women have bright futures ahead of them.
Had busy day in the River Valley. Met with local officials in Logan County and then over to Fort Smith to get and update on the Marshals Museum and tour Cooper Clinic where we discussed health care issues.
NA
This nation was founded on the right to freely practice one’s religious convictions. Americans shouldn’t have to abandon those protections simply because they own a business. And yet, that is exactly what the Obama Administration tried to force on businesses like Hobby Lobby and Conestoga under this mandate. Thankfully, the Justices thought otherwise and preserved the right for business owners to object to overbearing government mandates that would violate their religious beliefs.
The Supreme Court ruled that President Obama violated the Constitution’s appointment clause while appointing members to the National Labor Relations Board during a pro forma session of the Senate in January 2012. This decision reaffirms our Founding Fathers’ vision of a checks-and-balances system that ensures no branch of government has majority control. The President is not above the law. Read more about the ruling below.
It seems Congress isn’t alone in the struggle to get a straight answer out of the Obama Administration on the true extent of the crisis at our southwest border...
Thanks for participating in our first Facebook Q&A.
I'm here to answer your questions in a LIVE Q&A. Send me your questions
Join me for a Facebook Q&A at 12:30 p.m. CT
NA
Next week will be busy in Washington. We’re awaiting on some major decisions by the Supreme Court including cases challenging Obamacare’s contraception mandate and presidential recess appointments.
Did you get our latest newsletter sent to your email? If not, signup so you don't miss out. http://1.usa.gov/1lFmB0b
If you missed the interview with KASU Public Radio yesterday morning follow the link below to listen.
Getting ready to talk with The Alice Stewart Show. Listen to our live interview in 5 minutes.
I'll be joining Jonesboro's KASU Public Radio for a live interview in about 20 minutes. You can listen live by clicking on the link below.
Did you know that the FBI hosts citizens academies to show first-hand how the bureau works? It was great meeting with participants of the FBI Citizens Academy from the Little Rock field office.
Today’s Senate Ag Committee hearing focused on bio-based products and how they are helping to grow the economy and create jobs. I was happy to welcome Amy Sorrell, CEO at BioBased Technologies, to share how this Springdale company is using this innovative technology.
If you’ve been waiting to talk to a federal representative in person about disaster aid from the April 27th storm, time is running out.  The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) disaster recovery centers in Mayflower will shut down for good after they close at 2 pm on Saturday, June 14th.  After Saturday, the Mayflower center will transition to a Small Business Administration (SBA) Disaster Loan Outreach Center on Monday, June 16th.  FEMA & Arkansas Department of Emergency Management (ADEM) have stated that traffic to the two remaining recovery centers has dropped dramatically, indicating the information needs of survivors in the area have been met.  I encourage anyone in Faulkner County who may be eligible for disaster aid, and hasn’t yet visited with FEMA, to stop by the Mayflower or Vilonia centers before Saturday.
The Senate, with my support, approved legislation to improve the quality of care at VA healthcare facilities across the country. Watch my speech. 
I believe that the Department of Justice should join in the investigation into misconduct at the VA. We must hold responsible parties accountable for any criminal wrongdoings and provide our veterans with the quality care they earned.
NA
Last week our Military and Veterans Liaison, Steve Gray, recognized the service and sacrifice of WWII veteran Warren Holland with a medals presentation in Pine Bluff. His family posthumously accepted his medals. This was the picture in the Pine Bluff Commercial
The VA launched an audit of its medical facilities in mid-May after allegations that veterans faced long wait times and data was manipulated in some facilities to hide the length of time for health appointments. The audit shows a clear need for immediate improvement. I am committed to ensuring that VA uses every available option it has to deliver on its mission for all Arkansas veterans who have earned this care.
It's great to be back at work in Washington. Thank you for your prayers, support and encouragement over the past few weeks. You can follow my first week back on Instagram at: http://instagram.com/johnboozman
Seventy years later, it is important to reflect on the anniversary of D-Day and rightly honor the brave men and women of the Allied Forces who helped free Western Europe from Nazi occupation. As time passes, it remains our duty to remember the sacrifices made by the members of the Greatest Generation, including those brave Arkansans, who answered the call of those being oppressed by the Nazi and Fascist regimes. Read more of this week's column by following the link below.
NA
FEMA has announced that residents of Faulkner, Pulaski, Randolph and White counties who suffered damages as a result of the April 27th storms have until the end of this month to register for state/federal Individual Assistance.  June 30th is the last day to register for disaster assistance, which can include money for rental assistance, essential home repairs, personal property losses and other serious disaster-related needs not covered by insurance.
The U.S. Chamber figures President Obama’s energy regulations (announced today) will cost 200K+ jobs each year. Congress rejected the President’s plan several years ago, but he’s continuing on a similar costly path. Read my statement on the proposal.
Our website was one of twenty Senate sites to be recognized as one of the best, most constituent-friendly Congressional websites. I hope you find our website and e-newsletter to be helpful. You can learn more about the grades here: http://www.congressfoundation.org/projects/gold-mouse-project
The failures within our VA medical system pose a problem in need of an immediate solution and the President's ability to manage this crisis to this point has been nothing short of disappointing. The public, a large portion of the veterans’ community, and much of Congress have lost faith in Secretary Shinseki's ability to make the necessary changes to fix the shortcomings that have cost our veterans timely medical care they need and earned. The administration must take quick action to regain that confidence, and up to now, a sense of urgency in the White House has been lacking to say the least.   While a leadership change at VA is in order, a new secretary alone will not absolve the President of his responsibility to ensure our veterans receive quality care in a timely manner. If there is a sense of complacency that has set in within VA, it is the President's responsibility to reverse that course which will require much more effort on his part than merely nominating a new secretary.
Thank you for the commitment and bravery of those who paid the ultimate sacrifice in service to our nation.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced it will revise previously proposed rules intended to curb the political speech of tax-exempt groups. This is welcomed news.  I’m pleased the agency backed off its proposal that challenges the Constitution and political speech of 501(c)(4) organizations. More than 150,000 comments on the regulation, the most on any proposed rule, rightfully led the agency to reevaluate this proposal and back off this rule.  The attack of First Amendment rights by the IRS is unacceptable. That’s why I joined my colleagues earlier this year in efforts to prevent this abuse of power. As a cosponsor of the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014, I will continue to follow the progress on this rule and prevent overreach by this agency.
A major water resources and development agreement, which includes several provisions authored by Senator Boozman, cleared a final hurdle this afternoon when it was overwhelmingly approved by the U.S. Senate. Several provisions authored or supported by Senator Boozman made it into the final agreement.
Senator Boozman sends a thank you to Arkansans in his latest e-newsletter.   “Thank you for the kind thoughts, comments, prayers, well-wishes and notes of encouragement you have offered my family and me during my recovery from heart surgery. I appreciate your support and patience as I continue to follow the doctor’s orders, complete my cardio rehab and get the required rest I need to recover at home in Arkansas.”  Read the rest of his message below and sign up to get future newsletters sent to your email.  http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve?File_id=92e901aa-289a-41c3-aeaf-cd48354e56f3
FEMA is warning Arkansas residents affected by the April 27 severe storms, tornadoes and floods to watch for and report any suspicious activity or potential fraud, including criminals posing as phony housing inspectors and fraudulent building contractors, bogus pleas for disaster donations and fake offers of state or federal aid. Authorities in Arkansas have reported one resident received a phone call claiming to be from FEMA. The caller attempted to get the person’s bank account information and debit card number.  Read more about what to watch out for by clicking the link below. If you suspect fraud. call the FEMA Disaster Fraud Hotline toll free at 1-866-720-5721
My staff will be hosting representatives from the Small Business Administration (SBA) in Vilonia and Mayflower tomorrow to help small business owners who were affected by the tornadoes.   The Vilonia event will be at Big Ben's, 1 College St. N from 10-11 am on May 16.  The Mayflower event will be at the Mayflower Senior Center, 1 Ashmore St. from 1:30-2:30 pm on May 16.
Along with the previously mentioned location in Mayflower, FEMA has now opened a disaster recovery center in Vilonia. FEMA will have personnel at both sites to offer assistance to those that come by.  Hours of operation for both locations:  9:00 am – 7 pm, Monday – Saturday 1:00 pm – 7 pm, Sunday  The Vilonia address is:  1122 Main St. Vilonia, AR   The Mayflower address is: 600 Highway 365 Mayflower, AR  Additional tornado relief information can be found on my website. My staff in Little Rock also remain available to help and can be reached at (501) 372-7153.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there. Hope you are enjoying your special day.
FEMA has opened a Disaster Recovery Center in Mayflower where personnel on-site can assist those affected by the April 27th storms.  The address is:  600 Highway 365 Mayflower, AR  Hours of Operation: 7:30 am – 6 pm, Monday – Saturday 1:00 pm – 6 pm, Sunday
I'm pleased to recognize National Nurses Week and all nurses do for their patients and for all they have done for me.  
Sorry I missed Electric Cooperatives of Arkansas during the visit to DC. My staff enjoyed talking with members and always appreciate the great hospitality they show us. I am proud of their recent efforts to help two Guatemalan villages receive electric power for the first time. This will improve economic prosperity and provide a higher quality of life for all Guatemalans. This is great work by these volunteers.
Thank you so much for the kind thoughts, comments, prayers and well-wishes. I want to share one of my favorites – it’s from my granddaughter’s class.
NA
Senator Boozman left Mercy Hospital after undergoing successful heart surgery and is in close contact with his office monitoring tornado recovery efforts in central Arkansas.   Boozman was released from the hospital Sunday night and is under doctor’s orders to rest as he regains his strength.  He asked that we share the following regarding last night's storms:  “My thoughts and prayers are with the families who lost loved ones in this devastation. While Arkansans are all too familiar with the destruction that Mother Nature can leave behind, it never gets easier. Arkansans have always come together in the most difficult times to help neighbors in need. It’s clear that commitment continues today. I’m receiving regular updates from my staff about the current search and rescue effort. I will work with the governor’s office, the congressional delegation and FEMA Administrator Fugate to make sure that Arkansans get the resources they need to respond, rebuild and recover. We will help in any way we can.” - Senator Boozman  If any Arkansan has questions and doesn’t know where to turn, Senator Boozman’s office is here to help. Arkansans can reach the Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4843 and the Little Rock office at 501-372-7153. ~Staff
Here is the latest update on Senator Boozman's recovery. Thank you all for the prayers and well-wishes. ~Staff  Senator Boozman continues on a positive recovery track following successful heart surgery. The Senator’s family and medical team are sharing information about the procedure to remedy the acute aortic dissection he was diagnosed with early Tuesday morning and his prognosis.  “Senator Boozman is doing amazingly well after surgery to replace his ascending aorta. One reason he is doing so well is because of his great physical condition. At this time, we expect the Senator to have a full recovery. He should be able to return to his full duties without any restrictions in the future,” said Dr. E.J. Chauvin, the Mercy Cardiac & Thoracic surgeon, who performed the surgery.  Boozman was moved from the intensive care unit (ICU) to a private recovery room yesterday. As he continues to regain strength, Boozman has been conversational with family for long stretches of the day and walking frequently with the aid of medical staff.    “The Senator is mobile and conversational to the extent that he can be given the discomfort this procedure creates. He’s spent a great deal of time talking with his family and even spoke briefly with his Chief of Staff. We are told these are all excellent signs that his recovery is on the right track,” spokesman Patrick Creamer said.  Boozman’s family, who continues to be with him at the hospital, released a statement on Wednesday expressing their gratitude for the prayers, kind words and well-wishes that have come from Arkansans and people all across the country. They also expressed their gratitude for the excellent care the doctors, nurses and medical staff at Mercy Hospital are providing.  Eric Pianalto, Mercy Hospital President, shared, “We are thankful for Senator Boozman’s family’s confidence and faith in us here at Mercy. Our team of providers and physicians are certainly trained and ready for these types of conditions. While it has been a difficult time for him and his family, we’re glad they are here to receive the compassionate care and exceptional service we strive to offer all of our Northwest Arkansas community.”   Mercy is the sixth largest Catholic health care system in the U.S. and serves more than 3 million people annually. Mercy includes 33 acute care hospitals, four heart hospitals, two children’s hospitals, two rehab hospitals and one orthopedic hospital, nearly 700 clinic and outpatient facilities, 40,000 co-workers and more than 2,100 Mercy Clinic physicians in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. Mercy also has outreach ministries in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.   Please direct any questions to Senator Boozman’s official office and respect the family’s privacy at this time. At the family’s request, Mercy Hospital cannot give out his room information or allow visitors.      
The latest update from Senator Boozman's family is that his recovery following successful heart surgery continues to progress positively. He has been moved from ICU to a private recovery room. The Senator has been conversing with family for long stretches of the day and walking frequently with the aid of medical staff. Good signs that he is regaining strength. The Boozman family remains grateful for the prayers and kind words they have received.  ~Staff  
Latest update from U.S. Senator John Boozman's staff:   Senator Boozman remains in recovery following successful heart surgery at Mercy Hospital in Rogers, Arkansas.   Senator Boozman was taken to the hospital early yesterday morning, by his wife Cathy, after suffering pain in his chest and shoulder. He was, at the time of transport, alert, responsive and in good spirits despite the discomfort and pain. After running several tests, doctors diagnosed the Senator with an acute aortic dissection and he was admitted for immediate surgery. The surgeons who performed the operation, which lasted several hours, said that he responded well to the procedure.     The Senator remains hospitalized while doctors continue to monitor his recovery. He is awake and responsive, and doctors are pleased with the progress he has made. His family has been with him and has expressed gratitude for outpouring of support.       The Boozman family released the following statement:   “We appreciate the prayers, kind words and well-wishes that have come from Arkansans and people all across the country. Our number one priority is making sure John makes a full recovery. We are grateful for the excellent care the doctors, nurses and medical staff are providing. They are amazed at how well he has responded and we are anxious for him to begin the next phase of recovery. We know that if John had it his way he would be right back on the road in Arkansas, so the difficult part will be making sure he gets the rest he needs to get better.”  At the family’s request, Mercy Hospital cannot give out his room information or allow visitors.
From U.S. Senator John Boozman's staff:   Senator Boozman was taken to the hospital overnight after suffering from pain in his chest and arm. After running several tests doctors admitted him and performed heart surgery today.   Doctors say he responded well to the surgery and are monitoring his recovery. The Senator's family has visited with him and are hopeful for a full recovery. They are appreciative of the thoughts and prayers from well-wishers.   Additional updates will be provided by his Senate office once more information is available.
I’ve heard from many Arkansans about their concerns about the EPA’s recent announcement that the agency will try to claim jurisdiction over almost all waters across our country - including ditches and other waters that have never been regulated by DC bureaucrats before. We are working to stop this overreach. Watch our video.
"Water scarcity is a pressing people and planet issue,” analysts with Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research warn in a recent report according to CBS News. In our recent column we discuss the need to protect our water resources to make sure our communities have the supplies they require to meet the needs of residents. Read our column at the link below.
Do you need a website to promote your small business? Arkansas Small Business and Technology Development Center is offering free website development workshops to help teach business owners how to build effective, easy-to-maintain websites using free online tools. The workshop is coming to Clarksville, Russellville and Ozark. Get registration information on the link below.
We talked with KFFB 106.1 FM about several issues that we're hearing about from Arkansans including Obamacare, energy and our efforts to rein in the executive branch. You can listen to our discussion by clicking the link below.
Obamacare defines full-time as working 30 hours a week. Does this sound like full-time employment to you? I support Forty Hours is Full Time Act. This Senate legislation would change the Obamacare definition of full-time to 40 hours per week.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the agency that oversees our tax policy has a responsibility to treat all taxpayers fairly under the law. Unfortunately that doesn't always happen. That's why I joined efforts to hold the agency accountable and to make it more transparent by cosponsoring The Stop IRS Overreach Act (S.2043) and The Taxpayer Accountability Act (S.2044).
We had the opportunity to meet with a lot of Arkansans last week including representatives of the Arkansas Cattlemen's Association
Secretary Sebelius announces resignation, two Arkansas Chambers of Commerce visit DC, a 70th Anniversary of D-Day Resolution is introduced and more in this “Week in Review.” 
We introduced a resolution this week to mark the upcoming 70th Anniversary of the D-Day invasion and honor the U.S. Armed Forces who helped bring an end to World War II. Read about it by following the link.
We've met with a lot of Arkansans in recent weeks. I'm taking advantage of a rare few quiet moments to sign pictures of their visits. Appreciate their time spent visiting with me.
Changing the point person for a disastrous program won’t provide much relief for the millions of Americans who lost their health care coverage, face skyrocketing costs and can no longer go to the doctor of their choice. The best CEOs in the world can’t implement a bad business plan. It’s no different for public policy. You can put the best administrator you can find in charge of a flawed program and it will still fail. Until we get rid of Obamacare, and replace it with common-sense, market-based reforms, costs will continue to rise and the American people will continue to suffer as a result.
Fort Smith Regional Chamber of Commerce is also in DC today. They are here visiting about jobs, economic development and the 188th Fighter Wing, Arkansas Air National Guard
We're starting the day enjoying breakfast with members of the Jonesboro Regional Chamber of Commerce
We met with Gurdon High School students today during their participation in Close Up - Washington D.C. Educational Programs' Hill Day.
Thank you to West Helena sisters Ariel and Dominique House for presenting me with Save the Children's Congressional Champion for Children award for our efforts on issues affecting children. I will continue to promote anti-hunger initiatives and investments in our children in Congress because every child deserves the opportunity to succeed.
I always enjoy talking with The Alice Stewart Show. What a treat to have Alice in DC. Next time I'll bring donuts.
The Alice Stewart Show is live in DC this morning. We're joining Alice now.
Here's a recap of what happened this week in Washington.
I am honored for the opportunity to represent Arkansas in the United States Senate and take my responsibilities in the role very seriously. The majority of Arkansans want to get our economy moving again, rein in the expansive federal government and stop Washington’s wasteful spending. This award shows that I am fighting for those same interests and share their ideals.
It's such a treat to get a visit from my sister at my DC office. Thanks to Debbie and other representatives of Child Care Aware of Arkansas for stopping by.
Tomorrow Attorney General Eric Holder testifies before a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee. What questions do you want to hear him answer?
We're joining efforts to promote hiring veterans by cosponsoring the Hire More Heroes Act.
We'll be joining KASU Public Radio radio in about 15 minutes. You can listen live at the link below.
Thank you to Alan Fortenberry of the Beaver Water District for presenting me with the 2013 Legislator of the Year Award from the Fair Water Users Coalition. The mission of the Coalition is to ensure that water supply costs from federal facilities are fair, reasonable, and predictable. We are working to ensure water price transparency.
We're conducting a telephone town hall right now. You can listen here.
We are holding a telephone townhall tonight at 7 pm cst. Follow the link below to sign-up to participate.
Telephone townhall announced, Senate-passage of Ukraine assistance package, IRS free file and much more in this edition of the “Week in Review.” 
NA
I am pleased we have taken steps today in the Senate to assist Ukraine and send a clear message to the Russians that their aggressive actions are completely unacceptable. While President Obama signed an executive order that authorizes limited sanctions against those responsible, we must continue to seek ways to assist the Ukrainians and our allies in the region, including the additional sanctions outlined in this bill. There is an added sense of urgency as Russia continues to amass troops and militiamen at the border with Ukraine, a build-up that signifies that Putin seems to have every intention of further destabilizing the region. It is important to show the world that this aggression will not be tolerated.
Free File takes the taxing out of taxes and provides eligible taxpayers with free online individual income tax preparation and electronic filing services. This is an easy and convenient way to file a tax return or submit an extension. 
NA
Despite the coordinated efforts of the United Nations, African Union and our own military advisors, wanted warlord Joseph Kony’s exact whereabouts remain a mystery. The President’s announcement that he is deploying additional personnel in an advisory capacity to provide technical assistance to regional forces working to capture Kony and senior LRA commanders hopefully will increase our chances of solving that mystery. Read about this announcement by following the link below. 
On March 25, 1863, that the first Medals of Honor were presented to six members of Andrews' Raiders. Since then, the President, in the name of Congress, has awarded more than 3,400 Medals of Honor to our nation's bravest Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen. As today is National Medal of Honor day, please take the time to read some of these incredible stories of bravery.  
This is the scene in front of the Supreme Court today as the Court hears #HobbyLobby oral arguments. #ReligiousFreedomForAll
We're celebrating America's agriculture today. Did you know that agriculture accounts for nearly one-quarter of Arkansas’s economic activity and one out of every six jobs in Arkansas is tied to agriculture?
Scam Alert. The IRS says Americans have been scammed out of more than $1 million by thieves posing as IRS agents. Read what to lookout for so you can protect yourself.
It's great to be in Clinton this morning. We were at the Boston Mountain Rural Health Center and now we're at Ozark Health. Thanks to David Deaton for the tour.
Starting the day off talking economic issues with members of the Home Builders Association in Conway.
Thanks to the folks at Bentley Plastics in Perryville for giving us a tour and showing us some great products that are made in America.
We had a great time talking with students at Morrilton High School this morning. Thanks for the warm welcome.
Starting the day off in Morrilton at the new 911 center in Conway County. Appreciate Morrilton Mayor Stewart Nelson and Conway County Judge Jimmy Heart sharing their time to show me this new facility.
We've had a busy day in Russellville today. I'm at the Russellville Chamber of Commerce meeting with local small business owners to see how federal policies, like Obamacare, are affecting their ability to grow.
Are you surprised by this? I'm not.
Since 1943, the President of the United States has proclaimed March as “Red Cross Month.” It is still as necessary today. Being prepared and helping our neighbors in a time of crisis are everlasting needs. I encourage you to take the time now to be prepared should disaster strike your community. Learn more in this blog post.
NA
It is not up to the President to selectively decide which portions of a law to enforce and which to ignore. Commonsense suggests that the President may enjoy some discretion while implementing a law, but willfully ignoring entire portions of a law far exceeds that leeway.   This week, the House of Representatives took a step toward reining in these abuses of power by passing the ENFORCE the Law Act of 2014, which makes it easier for Congress, as part of its oversight powers, to sue the executive branch for failing to enforce the law.     While the House was considering this very bill, I joined with Senator Roy Blunt (R-MO) and twenty-two of our colleagues to introduce a companion bill in the Senate. It aims to eliminate the procedural hurdles put in front of previous attempts by Members of Congress, and ad hoc groups of Members, to seek judicial review of alleged failures by the president to faithfully execute the law.
ICYMI: I'm fighting for our military families. The defense budget proposes to slash even more benefits our military families need. In this speech on the Senate floor yesterday I said "cuts on our military families are unacceptable and I will fight to preserve the benefits our military families were promised." Watch the speech below. #Keepthepromise
I'm headed to the Senate floor to deliver a speech about the proposed cuts in the President’s budget that impact military families. You can watch at the link below.
We had the opportunity to visit with Abhilasha Gokulan of Little Rock and Adam Williams of Jonesboro who are in Washington as Arkansas’s delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program. The two students were chosen from hundreds of applicants to attend the program’s 52nd annual Washington Week.
NA
NA
I remain committed to repealing and replacing this terrible law but until then Americans deserve to be treated fairly under this law. That means delaying the individual mandate penalty as long as the employer mandate is waived.
Was honored to receive "Spirit of Enterprise" award from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce today. Read about it here: http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/3/boozman-receives-spirit-of-enterprise-award-from-u-s-chamber
NA
The healthcare community is forced to comply with a government mandate to update a new generation of diagnosis codes. This includes codes for such strange injuries like spending too much time in a deep-freeze refrigerator or a large toe that has gone unexpectedly missing. This sounds crazy, but it’s true. Read more about our efforts to stop the adoption of these codes.
Congressman Randy Forbes and I authored a piece for National Review on the opportunity the Supreme Court has later this month to reconsider the Obamacare mandate that forces employers to offer contraceptive and sterilization services that violate their religious beliefs. You can read it by following the link below.
We’re bringing our office to you, the President submits his budget to Congress, the Senate confirms a new federal judge for Arkansas and much more in this edition of the “Week in Review.” 
There's one more week to turn in the application to be considered for a summer internship. This is  a great opportunity to do rewarding work on behalf of the people of Arkansas. You can find more information below.
NA
Today is the five-year anniversary of the Obama Administration’s declaration of a “reset” with Russia. The occasion was marked by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s ceremonial gift of a reset button to her Russian counterpart, with the Obama Administration pledging a “new start” with U.S.-Russian relations. That fresh start doesn’t look very good today.
ICYMI: This week KFFB has been airing our discussion about important issues including Obamacare, the Farm Bill, proposed military cuts and energy. If you didn't get to hear our interview you can listen here.
We're bringing our office to you. We have several opportunities to reach our staff during our Mobile Office events in March. Read more in this month's edition of the Boozman Bulletin. 
NA
An honest discussion on our spending priorities and ideas to get our economy moving again is well overdue and a budget proposal to fit that bill would have been welcome. However, instead of engaging, the President has opted to appeal to his political base. His disregard for the agreement Washington reached to reduce its excessive spending is troublesome and his proposed tax increases will cause additional job losses across the country. It offers little in the way of real help to the millions of Americans struggling to get by in the stagnant economy created by President Obama’s policies.
I noticed a few posts over the weekend regarding my "no" vote on the veterans bill brought forward by Senator Sanders. For those asking why I voted against the bill, I encourage you to take a few minutes to watch the floor speech I gave while the bill was being considered by the Senate. This bill proposed an extensive expansion of the VA, at a time when the agency is struggling to keep up with it's current workload. I believe we need to fix the existing challenges our veterans are facing by fully implementing what we’ve committed ourselves to, before we overextend the VA more. The problem is we’re putting more people on a system that is clearly overwhelmed and needs improvement. This isn’t the fault of VA, which I believe is fully committed to meeting all of the demands that our veterans expect from it. However, VA can only do so much and as the number of veterans and the complicated nature of their needs increases, we must not pile on additional responsibilities that overwhelm the agency. While the bill has worthwhile programs that I support and have championed, we shouldn’t expect a massive mandate imposed on VA to change the outcomes we experience. We need a measured approach to changes. They must be done over time and include oversight to make sure our veterans are receiving the attention they deserve in a timely manner.
Week in Review: February 24-28
I was proud to receive the first ever Friend of the U.S. Rice Industry Award. As the number one producer of rice in our country, Arkansas has a unique role in the industry. We are proud to promote policies and help craft a Farm Bill that enables our farmers to manage risk and ensures that high quality U.S. rice remains a staple on dining room tables across the globe.
You may have read this story in the paper this morning about our newest piece of legislation we introduced yesterday. We're proud that the Arkansas delegation is leading the charge to reinvest in U.S. Army Corps of Engineers recreational facilities in our state.
We enjoyed our meeting with Lead Arkansas participants who are visiting DC to learn how policies are made at the federal level. You'll probably find some familiar faces.
We'll be joining Dave Elswick for a discussion about the proposed military cuts in 10 minutes. You can listen live here http://www.karnnewsradio.com/
ICYMI: We need to improve our current VA services before imposing new demands on the department. We are helping many Arkansas veterans get the benefits they deserve but there are many problems that stall how their claims are processed at VA. We need to fix this.
Heading to the Senate floor to talk about improving the existing veterans services.
We had a great visit with Smackover High School students during their visit to Washington, D.C. They asked some good questions about the policies under consideration in Washington and how we work to help Arkansas.
Today, I met with members of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) from Arkansas to accept the “Going to Bat for Veterans” award for our work toward appropriating funds for all VA programs, services and benefits in advance, which is one of DAV’s highest legislative priorities. I appreciate their efforts to move us closer to this goal.
We can end the funding delays that slow many VA programs by passing our bill that authorizes advance appropriations for all VA programs, services and benefits. I just joined my colleagues who are helping in this cause and representatives from our leading VSO's at a press conference to push Congressional leadership to bring this bill up for a vote.
We’ve been leading efforts in Congress to improve the care for our injured servicemembers and veterans. In 2012, our initiative to improve rehabilitative services for our nation’s veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury was included in a larger bill and signed into law by President Obama. There is still a lot of work to do on this front as featured in Wounded: the Battle Back Home, a documentary series produced by the Wounded Warrior Project that brings to life the wounds of war and the difficulties our nation faces in addressing these injuries. We talked with the filmmakers about our work in Congress to make sure our veterans are getting the care they need.
Clinics like ARCare play an important role in providing healthcare to communities across the state. There is great uncertainty with the healthcare system right now and that impacts patient care.
If you're swerving to avoid potholes on your daily drive, you’ll be interested in the research being done at U of A’s Mack-Blackwell Rural Transportation Center. We had the opportunity to see some of the work and testing that’s being done to make our road materials last longer and be more efficient.
Stopped by Baptist Health Medical Center in Arkadelphia this morning to talk with administrators healthcare issues facing patients, physicians and hospitals.
We appreciate the tour of Jefferson Regional Medical Center during our visit to Pine Bluff yesterday. We're back at it today with early morning meetings in Arkadelphia.
Great discussion with Pine Bluff business and community leaders today. Thanks for having me.
Balancing the budget on the backs of our servicemembers is a reckless move that violates the commitment we made to those who wear our nation’s uniform, which is why I voted against the budget agreement. I’m pleased to be able to tell Arkansans and all veterans that the Senate corrected this injustice today.  
We'll be on Jonesboro's KASU radio in about 15 minutes. You can listen live to our conversation here: http://kasu.org/
It was great meeting with Arkansans who represent the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America. We appreciate the honor of The Congressional Leadership Award and will continue to work to build drug-free communities.
This winter has been brutal, and Arkansas families, farmers, and businesses cannot afford a propane shortage. The President can provide support and regulatory relief that will lower costs and make it easier to replenish propane stocks in hard-hit areas. This will help bring prices down. My colleagues and I, from both sides of the aisle, are calling on the administration to provide relief from the skyrocketing heating costs that many Arkansans are facing as a result of the shortage. With more cold weather on the way, it is our hope that he acts quickly.
"The Monuments Men" opens in movie theaters nationwide today. I’m proud to support legislation that awards the Congressional Gold Medal to this group of approximately 350 men and women from 13 countries who worked to preserve, protect and restore millions of pieces of artwork, sculptures, and other cultural artifacts in Europe during WWII.
I'm helping KIPP Delta students prepare for their roles at the upcoming Harvard Model Congress. We're very proud of them and I am grateful for the opportunity to help them prepare for this unique educational experience.
Are you thinking about a break from the winter weather and planning for spring break? If you’re interested in coming to Washington, D.C. I encourage you to come and take a tour of the Capitol. We can also submit a tour to the White House on your behalf, but we need your information soon. 
This represents years of hard work that provides predictability to the agriculture community. Our farmers, ranchers and agriculture producers deserve a Farm Bill that provides them with the safety net and certainty they need to continue supplying our country with the safest, most abundant food supply in the world. While not perfect, this bill provides an equitable safety net for our nation’s agriculture producers, makes significant policy reforms and achieves major savings toward deficit reduction.
Thank you to the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the U.S. for the honor of the G.V. “Sonny” Montgomery Eagle Award for our work on behalf of our enlisted soldiers and the airmen of the National Guard. I am committed to fighting for our members of the military, our veterans and their families.
Instead of accelerating the approval process, President Obama has been reviewing the Keystone pipeline permit for almost as long as he has been in office. He is literally trying to study the project to death. Despite the President’s unwillingness to help, progress is being made. Read how the project took a big step forward today in the blog post below.
Recognizing National School Choice Week. Education decisions need to be made by parents, teachers, and community leaders at the state and local level—not Washington.
"Our veterans shouldn’t be the ones bearing the burden for irresponsible spending. We need to cut spending and put our country on the path to fiscal responsibility, but it should not come at the expense of our nation’s military retirees." 
This morning I joined some of my Republican colleagues on the Senate floor to share stories of how Obamacare is negatively affecting the lives of our constituents. As Arkansas families are finding themselves cash-strapped as a result of higher premiums, deductibles and canceled health care coverage under Obamacare, the President ignored these major problems in his State of the Union speech last night. Our constituents haven't forgotten about the disastrous effects and they deserve an answer. 
No one is going to say this bill is perfect, but it is a good, fair bill that achieves real savings in mandatory spending, reduces and streamlines government programs and provides much-needed reform for the food stamp program. At the same time, this bill ensures the continued safety, affordability, and reliability of our food supply while protecting the most vulnerable members of our communities. So I was pleased that the House passed it today and will push for quick consideration in the Senate of this hard-fought agreement.   Read my entire statement by following the link below.
We’re hosting our first telephone town hall of the year tomorrow. This is a convenient way to for you to talk with me about the issues you’re concerned with. We take your questions and want to hear from you. If you want to participate sign up below.
NA
“President Obama’s policies have resulted in 5 million Americans losing their health insurance under Obamacare, a stalled economic recovery, high unemployment, and increased income inequality. These are problems he created. We need to ask ourselves, are we better off today?   “The President continues to ignore the results and consequences of the failed policies of his presidency. While he is calling for a ‘year of action,’ his intention is clear – to circumvent Congress. Pursuing executive actions to push through his agenda is a troubling trend. The American people sent their elected officials to Washington to represent their needs and the President should not ignore their voices."  Read my full reaction to the President's State of the Union speech by following the link below.
While you are waiting for the State of the Union speech, here is a good story from the SW Times-Record on why fellow conferee First District Rep. Rick Crawford & I feel the Farm Bill agreement is good for Arkansas. 
News reports indicate that in tonight’s State of the Union address, President Obama will announce his use of executive action to increase the minimum wage for some federal employees. Do you think it’s appropriate for the President to bypass Congress to achieve this? 
The Obama Administration has been unlawfully targeting family farms. Read the blog post to see how we are making progress in stopping this abuse.
I voted against the budget agreement because it forces our military retirees to bear the burden of cuts through a reduction of their cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA). The agreement decreases the COLA for retired servicemembers under the age of 62.  The Senate took a step at correcting this injustice with the  omnibus that reversed the COLA cuts for medically retired disabled veterans and those collecting survivor annuities. We need to finish the job. 
For too long, we have ceded our power of the purse, allowing President Obama to set spending priorities. As we have realized all too well, his priorities are often at odds with ours in Arkansas. This is an important first step toward Congress reclaiming its spending authority. While this represents a bipartisan, bicameral compromise, it still contained a number of spending decisions and policy provisions that reflect Arkansas values and help our state.  
On this date 23 years ago Operation Desert Storm was launched. The National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act  recognizes the American troops who were deployed to Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, while remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice. These servicemembers deserve this recognition. #natldesertstormmeml
Today is the anniversary of the beginning of Operation Desert Storm. Learn more about our bill to honor our servicemembers who served in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. http://1.usa.gov/1cv0p01 #natldesertstormmeml
On this day in 1991, the White House announced the start of Operation Desert Storm to drive Iraqi forces out of Kuwait. The men and women who served in this operation and Operation Desert Shield deserve a national memorial to honor their service and sacrifice. Read more about the Boozman-Donnelly legislation to authorize construction of a national memorial in our latest column. #natldesertstormmeml 
We'll be joining Jonesboro's KASU for a live radio interview in about 15 minutes. You can listen live at KASU.org.
If you missed our discussion on Arkansas Week you can watch it here.
Signing up for our newsletters is easy. Go to our homepage www.boozman.senate.gov and enter your email. Here is what we sent last week.
New blog post on the latest jobs report. As my colleague, and Ranking Member of the Senate Budget Committee, Jeff Sessions (R-AL) has noted, for every one job created, five people leave the workforce. It is an unsustainable pace. It highlights the failure of the economic policies the Senate Majority and the Obama Administration have pursued.
The Arkansas Congressional delegation sent a letter to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) Director Daniel M. Ashe challenging the critical habitat designation for the Neosho Mucket and Rabbitsfoot Mussell in Arkansas -- a decision that could negatively impact Arkansas’s families, farmers, businesses, and local communities. We are asking the Agency to be fair, open, and grounded in science When they say how much this proposal will cost, they cannot ignore the costs to farmers and families.  And when they set-aside a specific area as critical habitat, they need to be able to explain why.
My most recent column details how the year-end budget agreement fell short. I could not support the measure as it immediately increases spending with the promise of future cuts and finds savings at the expense of our retired servicemen and women.
Hope 2014 is off to a good start for you. This week's column reviews 2013 in the Senate and looks at the road ahead.
Wishing you and your loved ones a very Merry Christmas and thinking of those serving abroad to protect us who can't celebrate with their families today. They deserve a special thank you from us all.
We're working to protect jobs in Texarkana.  We signed a letter to U.S. diplomats and trade representatives who are meeting with Chinese counterparts in Beijing this week asking to protect the interests of Cooper Tire, while dysfunction at a joint venture in China poses risks to these jobs.
Excessive regulatory burdens imposed by EPA are hurting the economy. We must require EPA to protect the environment through a transparent, fair, legal, science-based process. A bill I introduced will help accomplish that.
I appreciate the efforts of both sides to find common ground and avoid another shutdown. However, I cannot support a measure that immediately increases spending and ultimately busts the budget caps that were put place to get us on the path to fiscal responsibility.  Sequestration, while not the ideal way to address spending, has actually worked. As a result, we have been able to reduce discretionary spending for two straight years for the first time since the end of World War II. While we should look for a better method to achieve savings than across-the-board cuts, this agreement falls short of achieving significant savings.   One way the budget agreement finds savings comes at the expense of every retired serviceman and woman. The agreement reduces the cost-of-living-adjustments (COLAs) for retired servicemembers under the age of 62. There are better ways to find savings than reducing the retirement compensation of individual military retirees by as much as $72,000. It’s simply not appropriate to ask our military retirees for more sacrifice while we continue to ignore our real spending problem.   While I appreciate the effort to restore regular order to the budget process, we have to get serious about our spending problem. I hope that we can do that during the appropriations process in the coming year. We can’t keep kicking the can down the road and continue the ‘spend now in return for promises later’ mentality.
We still have Spring semester internships available in our state offices. Learn more by following the link below. Additionally, if you have already filled out the online application, please be sure to follow-up with staff at my Lowell office [479-725-0400] to complete the process.
I'll be joining Alice Stewart in just a few minutes. You can listen to our discussion about the budget proposal live.
The Senate just approved a Fort Smith native, Anne Patterson, as Assistant Secretary of State for Near East Affairs. As a Foreign Service officer, Anne has spent her career advancing U.S. interests across the world, including in some of the most volatile regions of the globe. Anne is a highly respected diplomat whose expertise and experience will serve her well in her new role. I am confident that under her leadership she will help promote and protect our national security.
Technology comes in handy while we try to wrap up work in DC. Right now, I'm skyping with Dr. Eric Wailes' Domestic and International Agricultural Policy class at the University of Arkansas  and talking about the Farm Bill
House VA Chairman Jeff Miller made it to town despite the weather and we are traveling around Little Rock showing him the successful programs we have for our veterans as well as sharing concerns out their needs. We are currently touring the St. Francis House and learning about how they are helping homeless veterans.
Congratulations to the White County Medical Center Auxiliary for 30,000 volunteer hours. The work of this organization and other similar groups throughout the state is invaluable to our medical professionals and patients in Arkansas who benefit from their great efforts.
Had a great visit in Mountain View this morning with the owner and employees at Fiber Energy Products. They manufacture wood pellets used for fuel.
Today we toured Wilson Combat in Berryville, Arkansas, and had the opportunity to see the facility and visit with the employees.
If you are out hitting the Black Friday sales, consider visiting your smaller local retailers tomorrow on Small Business Saturday. Learn more by following the link below.
We have much to be grateful for as a nation. Wishing you and yours a happy Thanksgiving!
Over the weekend, the Obama Administration and five other countries struck what is being hailed as a historic nuclear agreement with Iran. After a careful review of the agreement, I find the deal hard to support. Read why by following the link below.
If you don’t already think bureaucracy is rampant, consider this example as we approach our turkey dinner at Thanksgiving. There are nine different government-mandated codes for turkey-related injuries alone, including “struck by turkey sequential encounter” “pecked by turkey subsequent encounter,” and “other turkey contact initial encounter.”  ER physicians shouldn’t have to waste precious time obsessing over turkey feathers, beaks, and claws for government bureaucrats. Like if you agree. http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=7d79ff2e-8cb8-45d5-bb4c-ab37eda579df
Today is National Adoption Day. We honor those who open their hearts and their homes to provide children with a family and a bright future.
We wrapped up a busy week in Washington before adjourning for Thanksgiving recess. ICYMI: Here’s what happened in the Senate
Lost in the hyper partisanship of Senator Reid’s power grab this week was the bipartisan reauthorization of a rare Washington success story: the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR). Started under the vision and leadership of President George W. Bush, PEPFAR, the U.S. government initiative to combat HIV/AIDS around the world, has been credited with saving millions of lives over the past ten years.
Read my statement on Senator Reid's power grab by following the link below.
We had a great time cheering the A-State Red Wolves on to victory on Saturday and celebrating our work to protect the school's ROTC program.
The President is just trying to shift the blame for policy cancellations to the insurance companies. His solution is for them to work it out somehow, essentially letting Americans keep their insurance for another year, only to have it taken it away after the election. It’s not a real solution and it will likely result in further pains for the American people. The only real fix is to repeal and replace Obamacare.
NA
NA
We had a great time at events honoring our veterans. We also were honored to attend the dedication of the Hall of Honor Cornerstone for the U.S. Marshals Museum in Fort Smith. Marshals Service Director Stacia Hylton unveiled the memorial stone along with family members of fallen Marshals.
Thank you to our veterans. We salute the men and women called to wear our nation's uniform for their selfless commitment and immeasurable sacrifices to protect this nation and its ideals.
We had a great time in Mountain View honoring the service and sacrifice of our veterans.
We are currently accepting applications from students interested in interning this spring. The spring session dates are January 6 – May 16, 2014 for Washington and January 13 – May 2, 2014 for the state. Deadline to apply is Nov. 30th. Get the full details by following the link below.
Pastor Saeed is imprisoned in Iran for practicing his Christian faith. Our prayers are with him as reports indicate he was transferred to one of the most brutal prisons and we’re urging the President to call for his release.
NA
Thank you to the kindergarten, first and second grade classes from Richland Elementary School in West Memphis for your letters.
The U.S. Army has withdrawn its proposal to eliminate Arkansas State University’s ROTC program. The Army will keep A-State’s program open for an additional year while it re-evaluates its program criteria.
This week, Republican Senators launched a website for Americans to share stories on how #ObamaCare has affected you, your family, or small business. Just follow this link to share #YourStory
The President’s response to the mess he created is telling the millions of Americans who have received cancellation notices they can “just shop around” for new policies that often come with more expensive premiums and higher deductibles.  There’s a better way forward. Short of repealing and replacing this disaster of a program, we need to add flexibility to the standards for policies under Obamacare and give Americans the freedom to keep their plans if they so choose. We can easily accomplish that by passing a bill introduced by Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI), which has the support of a majority of Senate Republicans, including myself, and will give Americans who like their individual policies the ability to keep them.
This week, I joined Senator Marco Rubio and seven of our colleagues to introduce the "Delay Until Fully Functional Act." This bill would delay the individual mandate until six months after the Government Accountability Office (GAO) certifies that the exchange website is fully functional. Until we can achieve the real solution of repealing this law and replacing it with market-based reforms, delaying the individual mandate is the only fair course of action.
We're hammering out the differences between the Senate and House versions of the Farm Bill so we provide certainty to our agri-businesses with a five-year Farm Bill that includes safety nets for agriculture producers nationwide.
I joined the Senate and House Veterans Affairs’ Committee chairmen as well as representatives from many of the leading Veterans Service Organizations for a press conference this morning that focused on a bill I am sponsoring with Senator Mark Begich of Alaska (who also participated in this morning’s event) to allow Congress to pass advanced funding for key veterans’ programs. Learn more about it by following the link below.
We're joining with our colleagues and Veteran Service Organizations in a press conference to encourage expanding one-year advanced appropriations for VA discretionary accounts, like we currently do for VA health care accounts, to ensure our veterans will continue to receive the services they earned during any future funding lapses.
NBC News reported that the Obama administration knew millions could not keep their health insurance despite the promise mad by the President. We need to repeal this law and replace it with healthcare reform that will work. I continue to work toward that goal.
The troubles with Obamacare run far deeper than “technical glitches.” The Administration’s lackluster response to the online enrollment problems shines a light on this program’s gross mismanagement.  So far, the Administration is failing to meet constitutional requirements of fairness and equality before the law. This is why Congressmen Rick Crawford (AR-01), Tim Griffin (AR-02), Steve Womack (AR-03), Tom Cotton (AR-04) and I sent a letter to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) Kathleen Sebelius requesting information so that we can evaluate legislative solutions to address these issues. Read more on this, the requests we made to HHS and the entire letter by following the link below.
Tremendous progress has been made to rid the world of Polio, but the virus remains and is still a threat to the health of people around the world. Today is World Polio Day and we are committed to ending this disease. #endpolio
The Administration needs to own up to the fact that Obamacare is not ready for primetime and delay the individual mandate. The real solution is repealing this law and replacing it with healthcare reform that will work. I continue to work toward that end.
My statement on the agreement to end the government shutdown and avoid default
Follow this link to watch my remarks from yesterday on the Senate floor about the government shutdown and debt ceiling urging members to find common ground that puts our country on the path to fiscal responsibility.
Senate unanimously passed death benefits for survivors of fallen soldiers today. They should have never been put through this indignity. The President should immediately sign it.
Yesterday, I joined bipartisan group of senators to urge Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to provide immediate death gratuity benefits to the families of those killed in action during the government shutdown.
There are real implications with a government shutdown including the impact on our national security. E-Verify, the internet-based system that employers and companies rely on to ensure new hires have the legal right to work in the U.S. is not operating.
It would be beneficial if the Administration made more common-sense decisions like this to help Americans impacted by the shutdown, rather than looking for ways to exacerbate the pain.
There has been a great deal of misinformation surrounding the vote to invoke cloture during the debate over the first House-passed continuing resolution. In an effort to clear up the confusion Senator Boozman penned a personal letter to his constituents. Read it here: http://www.boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve?File_id=a54ebee4-8f58-40d9-9e69-a1497382832d
A government shutdown has real implications for seniors, veterans and hardworking Arkansas families who rely on the services provided by federal agencies.  This is exactly what we were trying to prevent, but there has been no willingness to on the part of Majority Leader Reid to compromise. He has refused to even allow the Senate to consider the last three House-passed continuing resolutions. And now he just shot down an effort to form a committee between the two chambers to resolve this.  It’s time to come together and find commonsense solutions to our challenges. America functions best when we work through our differences and come together and address our country's problems.
Work to avert a shutdown continues here at the Capitol but earlier today we took a step to ensure our troops get paid in the event compromise cannot be reached by the day's end. Read more by following the link below.
Americans overwhelmingly reject Obamacare. They also overwhelmingly want avoid a government shutdown, which we are hours away from if the Senate fails to act on a bill to keep the government running.  That is why I support the bill the House of Representatives passed over the weekend to delay Obamacare for one year and keep the government open. The President has already granted multiple exemptions from the law to his political allies. Let’s be fair and give the same relief to every American.  Along with that bill, Majority Leader Reid should also bring up the House-passed bill to ensure our troops are paid if the Senate Majority refuses to work with the House Majority to avoid a shutdown. For our brave men and women in the armed services, receiving their salary to pay their bills as a result of Washington’s inaction is the last thing they need to worry about.
NA
I have been fighting against Obamacare for five years. I voted against Obamacare when I was in the House, have voted to defund and will be the first person in line to support a winning strategy to repeal and replace it. However, forcing a government shutdown over Obamacare is not the right strategy. It won’t end Obamacare, but it will impose pain on hardworking Arkansans. Read my entire release on today's votes by following the link below.
I voted for cloture on the House-passed bill because it defunds Obamacare and keeps the government operating. It defies logic to vote against a bill that accomplishes our objectives. While the Majority Leader stripped the language that defunds this problematic law, despite my vote against that motion, failure to have obtained cloture would have only resulted in a government shutdown. A government shutdown doesn’t repeal Obamacare. Instead, it hurts our military, our seniors and hardworking Arkansans who are dependent on vital government services.
During a speech on the Senate floor today, I called for passage of the continuing resolution sent over by the House of Representatives as it does exactly what we are trying to accomplish—it defunds Obamacare and keeps the government open. I also will vote against attempts to restore funding for Obamacare.
We'll be talking with Dave Elswick just after the top of the hour. You can listen live at the link below.
Sec. Kerry signed the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty despite bipartisan opposition. I will fight against this in the Senate.
We appreciate all of your calls and comments. I will be supporting the House-passed bill that defunds Obamacare.
I've always been an opponent of Obamacare and will continue to be. In our latest column we discuss some waste, fraud and abuse of this problematic law.
Were you on our tele-town hall call last night? If not, you can listen to our discussion at the link below. If you want to participate in our next event you can sign-up there too.
We'll be joining the Alice Stewart show tomorrow morning with guest host Rex Nelson. Tune in at 7:30 CT.
We're hosting a tele-town hall tonight. You can click the link below to listen in when we begin in about 10 minutes.
Thank you to SGT Jamar Hicks and SFC Ricardo Young who gave their lives in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Let us never forget the sacrifices of our troops and let their legacies be an inspiration to all Americans.
Don Hoover, Principal at Springdale High School, is the Arkansas Principal of the year. His wife Cari joined him during a meeting in our office. Thanks for all you do for our students.
Today is National POW/MIA Recognition Day. Please take a moment to honor and remember our missing patriots. It is our duty as a nation to continue the work to return them safely to our shores or get a full accounting for their loved ones.
It's great to start the day in Arkansas. We're in Little Rock this morning for the :59 Minute Event with Little Rock Chamber.
More on our efforts to prevent the Obama administration from granting unions a special exemption from Obamacare.
I encourage President Obama and his administration to promote job growth and provide Americans with a secure supply of energy by approving the Keystone XL pipeline.
We wrote about the health challenges confronting our soldiers and veterans and what Washington has done and needs to do. Read our piece published in The Hill.
Praying for the victims of the Navy Yard shooting & their families. Thank you to all the brave law enforcement officers and first responders who came to their aid. Please keep them all in your thoughts and prayers.
Most of the attention in the Senate’s first week back was focused on Syria. Read my thoughts on the President’s proposed military strike and more in this “Week in Review.”
September is Hunger Action Month and we're highlighting how community involvement is essential to this fight. Here we are at the Arkansas Rice Depot. We followed this with a visit to the Arkansas Food Bank.
We're taking our office on the road today. My staff will be in Batesville from 9:30-11:30 a.m. and Augusta beginning at 1:30 p.m. for Mobile Office events. Let us help you with issues you're having involving the federal government.
Exemptions from bad policy shouldn’t be given only to a chosen few, but to all. That’s why Congress needs to pass our bill that gives everyone the Obamacare waiver that the President is seeking for his allies. Read about it by following the link below.
President Obama has already delayed several key provisions of Obamacare. Now it appears that the administration is seriously considering moving forward, once again, with another special exemption from the law. I joined Senator John Thune (R-SD) to introduce the "Union Bailout Prevention Act" which would protect taxpayers from double-subsidizing union members’ health plans. Read more about it in this post from my blog.
Our latest newsletter went out today. This piece, providing an update on the Syria situation, as originally published in that newsletter. Please read this piece to learn why I oppose U.S. military involvement in the conflict. And if you are not already a newsletter subscriber, be sure to sign up while you are on that page.
I visited with Mark Smith at KASU this morning about Syria, Obamacare, the farm bill and 9/11. Follow this link below to listen to the interview in its entirety.
Today, we remember the victims of the 9/11 terror attacks & all the heroes who sacrificed tremendously to keep us safe in the aftermath. We will never forget.
NA
In case you missed it, I sat down with Craig Cannon at KHOG 40/29 to talk about my concerns with the President's request to attack Syria. The Senate will be debating this proposal when we resume next week. So far I have not been convinced that President Obama's approach is the only way to address Bashir Assad's brutality. I continue to evaluate the President's case and the language of the Senate resolution, but remain opposed to military action at this point. Follow the link below to watch the interview.
September is Hunger Action Month. To fight hunger we are encouraging families to make healthy eating decisions. We joined the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance for a Cooking Matters at the Store tour at a Little Rock grocery store to see how families are learning the tools they need to put healthy and affordable meals on the table.
It is true that Washington is spending at an out-of-control pace, but the first step in changing course is by prioritizing. Out of all of the U.S.’s financial obligations, the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms must be placed at the top of the list. Read more about the President's decision to reduce the raise our troops were promised and what Congress can do to fix this in the post below.
We had a great visit at the NWA Children's Shelter this morning and talked with students at the school who have been studying civics. Thanks for the great questions.
We're encouraging businesses across the state take advantage of the Arkansas World Trade Center and connect to the world. ARWTC provides international trade services to companies and individuals and educates students in global commerce. We shared the benefits of this resource in Magnolia and Texarkana yesterday. Read about our visit in this story published in the Texarkana Gazette.
We're joining Dave Elswick for a live interview in 15 minutes to discuss Syria. You can listen live at the link below.
In case you missed my post on Syria last Friday, you can read it by following the link below. This was posted prior to President Obama's announcement that he would seek Congressional authorization. I would add that I am pleased that the President has since reversed course in that regard, but the difficult questions posed in here still need to be completely answered to garner my support. As of right now, the administration has not provided sufficient answers to these questions.
Our Ag Tour in the news: read about our visits across the state as we discussed Arkansas's top industry.
It's our last day of the ag tour. Today we were in NWA and visited a turkey farm and the MWD Produce Farm in Prairie Grove where this photo was taken. We had a great time and met a lot of great people and learned a lot that we'll use as we make policies that impact agriculture.
U.S. involvement with Syria through bombing, unless there is a clear national security interest, is an act of war and thus Congressional approval is necessary. The President should explain to the American people his reasoning and go before Congress to get authorization.  He needs to share the intelligence used to make his decision, the goals of a military strike and his plan to achieve those goals, as well as explain his broader Syria policy and strategy, something that has been lacking since the crisis began two and half years ago. Without doing so, he risks exasperating the situation. This is the exact mistake he made in his handling of the Libya crisis. Read more by following this link below to a lengthy post on the subject.
This day in history: 50 years ago more than 200,000 people listened as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his "I Have a Dream" speech in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. His words endure today and continue to inspire us. #mlkdream50
Scott County Judge James Forbes and landowner Albert Rogers showed us the work that is left to be done at a bridge washed away during the May 31st flood at Y-City.
We started the day off in Yell County and we're heading to Scott County next as part of our Ag Tour. The agriculture policies passed by Congress have a big impact on our state. In our latest edition of 'From the Mailbag' we discuss what we would like to see in the Farm Bill to help Arkansas's top industry.
We're on our annual Agriculture Tour. We've already visited with Bibler Brothers Lumber Co. in Russellville. Now we're in Dover visiting the Churchill Tree Farm. Thanks for the warm welcome.
We're visiting with the livestock exhibits at the Sebastian County Fair. Programs like 4-H and FFA help cultivate an interest in agribusiness. For many participants, the county fair is the culmination of the hard work of raising livestock and involvement with other competitions. Great job to all the participants.
I'll be staying at some of our state parks next week during our agriculture tour. We talk about the backyard beauty in our state in this week's column.
In this edition of 'From the Mailbag' we discuss what issues Congress will have to resolve when it returns from the August work period and our goals to rein in federal spending.
Looking forward to kicking off my annual ag tour next week. We've got a lot of work ahead of us on the farm bill conference committee so this will be vital to get firsthand updates on the needs of our agriculture communities.
We're starting off the day in Monroe County with a tour of the  Cache River Reconstruction.
We talked with KASU's Mark Smith this morning. You can listen to the interview here.
Brenda Neal, Executive Director of Open Avenues, gave us a tour yesterday afternoon. This is a great facility that offers employment opportunities for adults with disabilities and provides an alternative workforce for NWA businesses.
I’ve been talking a lot about the farm bill during the August work period. This morning I was on KNWA’s morning show to discuss progress toward reauthorizing the bill. It was also one of the topics that we discussed on KARK’s Sunday morning show “Capitol View” this weekend. The farm bill defines and authorizes funding for agriculture’s safety net. Programs authorized by this law are vital to ensuring that we do not become dependent on other countries for our food supply, in the vein that we have of our energy needs. In the coming days, I will embark on an agriculture tour to highlight how important this bill is to Arkansas. It is my hope that we can begin working with our colleagues in the House of Representatives on a compromise between the two versions we passed when we return to Washington after Labor Day. Follow this link to watch these two recent interviews on the farm bill.
We enjoyed the warm welcome from Rogers Rotary today.
I want to share our interview with KARK's Mallory Brooks from last week. We talked about some of the issues we're working on including the farm bill and our upcoming annual agriculture tour.
Josh Duggar is filling in on the Tony Perkins show and we'll be talking with him in about 10 minutes on issues including defending legislative prayer.
President Obama delayed a consumer protection provision in the health care law that limits patients’ out of pocket costs. We are working to repeal the law. In this edition of 'From the Mailbag' we discuss our efforts to unravel this law.
Listen live this morning to our interview with KASU's Mark Smith. We'll be joining him in about 20 minutes to talk about some of the hot topics in Washington.
I recently sat down with 40/29 in Northwest Arkansas to discuss how Congress can reach an agreement on the two different versions of the farm bill that the House and the Senate have passed, as well as our efforts to ensure that residents affected by the Mayflower oil spill do not get their compensation taxed by the federal government.
Our Clay County Mobile Office is today. Come and visit will my staff.  They will be in Corning from  9 a.m. to 11 a.m. at the Ainley M B Community Center and in Piggott from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. at the Piggott Community Center.
We're asking the Supreme Court to protect religious liberty.
A recent Associated Press report showed that more than $24 million will be spent in Arkansas on outreach and marketing of the President’s health care law. In this edition of 'From the Mailbag' Senator Boozman discusses this wasteful spending.
NA
NA
I am grateful that Republican Leader McConnell and Ranking Member Cochran have selected me to serve on the conference committee. This is an experienced and knowledgeable group of senators who are all ready to work in good faith to get a fair bill for everyone. Finding common ground is critical for our nation’s agricultural producers. I believe that we can come to an agreement that establishes an adequate safety net for farmers so we can continue to have the safest and most affordable food in the world.
Thank you so much to all of our interns. We appreciate their hard work and dedication to Arkansans during their time in Washington.
NA
Let's give Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula and Pvt. William Long the honor they deserve for their service and sacrifice.
Let's eliminate the death tax which is a hurdle that prevents America’s agriculture producers and small business owners from realizing their full potential.
NA
Lance Cpl. Benjamin Tuttle is a true American hero who made the ultimate sacrifice. Please keep his family and friends in your thoughts and prayers.
I've voted to eliminate the employer mandate and the individual health insurance mandate of the President’s health care law in two Senate Appropriations bills.
On July 27, 1953, the Korean War armistice was signed at Panmunjom, ending three years of fighting. Thank you Korean War veterans.
Here's a recap of what we worked on in Washington this week.
At a time when we’re furloughing federal employees, the American people can’t afford a $24 million Obamacare ad blitz in Arkansas.
We're a co-host of the Senate Hunger Caucus. Today we discussed the importance of agriculture development and food security to solve global hunger during a Feed the Future progress report event. While we have a lot of work to do we're making great progress on this front.
Inspectors General play a valuable role in the oversight of government efficiency and effectiveness. That's why I authored legislation that would require the nomination of a person to each Inspector General position within 210 days of a vacancy, or the authority to fill the job would be transferred to Congress.
We're joining Alice Stewart in about 15 minutes. You can listen live at the link below.
After a great deal of discussion between all sides, we were finally able to pass a smart compromise solution to restore lower interest rates on student loans through the Senate with the support of a majority of Democrats and Republicans. It goes to show that when everyone is willing to work together, we really can solve issues that matter to Americans.
We were busy in the Veterans' Affairs Committee today. Several pieces of legislation I introduced were approved by the committee. See how we're improving veterans' benefits.
Mayflower oil spill victims shouldn’t be required to pay taxes on  disaster relief assistance from ExxonMobil.
If you missed our discussion with KASU's Mark Smith this morning you can listen to it here.
You can hear me on KASU at about 8:15 central. We'll be talking with Mark Smith about some of the latest issues and debates underway in Washington. You can listen live at the link below.
NA
We're in Fort Smith visiting with local, state, and federal law enforcement about cybercrimes, human trafficking and the challenges they face.
A new National Journal poll shows a majority of the country want to move the Keystone pipeline forward. We are about to convene a hearing in the EPW Committee where this would be a very important issue to discuss with President Obama's climate change officials, if they had been allowed to testify. Read this blog post to see how the President is on the wrong side of the American people on this issue.
What do small business owners say is hindering their ability to hiring more employees? Find out the answer from a recent U.S. Chamber of Commerce survey.
NA
What is the Department of Education's involvement in implementing the President's health care law?
Poultry is an important part of our agriculture sector. Today we talked with members of the National Turkey Federation at the organization's 2013 Leadership Conference.
The Russellville Courier published this story about one of our summer interns. We're looking for interns for our Arkansas offices for the fall semester from August 26-December 6. To be eligible interns must have completed 2 years of college work and must receive school credit. You can find more information on our website boozman.senate.gov
NA
We are continuing to work on a bipartisan solution to address the hike in student loan interest rates and I remain optimistic that we can resolve this problem. We cannot continue to kick the can down the road, which is what Majority Leader Harry Reid proposed, and the Senate rejected earlier this week. Americans currently trying to pay off student loans and those who will attend college in the future need a permanent solution. The commonsense proposal that we are working on would approach the issue with a market-based rate for all newly issued federal student loans based on the 10-year Treasury rate. These rates are locked in for the lifetime of the loan, but rates on new loans reset each year. The KUAR story linked in this post details this bipartisan solution that I am working to get through the Senate.
NA
NA
4-H is a great program that teaches life skills. Today we met with Arkansans participating in the Citizenship Washington Program.
Army Specialist Robert A. Pierce, who grew up in Mansfield, Arkansas, was killed in action on June 3, 2013 in Afghanistan while serving in Operation Enduring Freedom. Please take a moment to watch my speech honoring his life and sacrifice here.
Happy Independence Day!
Interior Secretary Jewell withdrew controversial National Blueway designation for White River.
A busy week in Washington wraps up with the Senate passing a flawed immigration reform bill, big Supreme Court decisions and the President’s misguided energy tax initiative.
I'd like to thank the first session of 2013 summer interns in our DC office--Aly Humphrey, Amy West, Ashleigh Davenport, Austin McCollum, J. Ryan Johnson, Kelby Czerwonka, Kevin Kanavy, Sam Clark, Spencer Smith, Stephanie Channell, and Thanh Le--for their help over the past five weeks. We hope you got a lot out of your time here. Y'all have been a tremendous help to me, my staff and most importantly, the people of Arkansas.
There is no disputing that we need to address our nation’s porous borders, backlogged immigration system and lax enforcement of hiring practices. Unfortunately, the Senate’s legalize now, enforce later approach is the wrong way to reform our broken system.    This legislation fails to address the core problem of border security and does not provide the resources necessary for enforcement. This needs to be the cornerstone for reform. Instead of listening to the demands of the American people by focusing on securing the border, Majority Leader Reid offered immediate amnesty with a ‘promise’ of future security enhancements that will likely never happen.  Congress approved amnesty in the mid-1980s. It didn’t work then and it won’t work now.  I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues to fix our immigration system, but the American people deserve a solution that upholds the rule of law. They also deserve a more vigorous debate than we were allowed to have by Majority Leader Reid. There were a number of amendments that were offered that would have strengthened this bill, but Leader Reid shut down debate and did not allow us to consider them.  Immigration reform is a serious subject. It deserves a serious debate. Instead, we are left with another instance of Washington’s rush to do something, instead of doing the right thing.
It seems as if everyday we get some more news on just how bad the President's health care law is. Unfortunately, this comes as no surprise. The law was rushed through Congress with little support from the American people. This $2.2 trillion law threatens Social Security, Medicare, and our economic recovery. It is time for us to start over. We need patient-centered health care reform. Moving forward, I will continue to fight for repeal and push for commonsense reforms that make health care more affordable and accessible for all Americans. Read about health care's rocky ride in this week's column.
A bill I introduced with Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL) and Chris Coons (D-DE) to increase trade with African nations and create more jobs here at home was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee this week. Learn more about it by reading the blog post linked below.
NA
In a letter sent today, members of the Arkansas and Missouri Congressional delegations asked Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to answer a series of questions concerning the Administration’s designation of the White River as a National Blueway. Read the full release and the letter by following the link.
NA
WASHINGTON, D.C.—U.S. Senator John Boozman (R-AR) released the following statement today on President Obama’s proposed national tax on affordable sources of energy:  “This is nothing more than a backdoor attempt to impose cap-and-trade on the American people. President Obama couldn’t get that through Congress, so now he is turning to his regulators. His proposal will drive up electricity prices, especially in Arkansas, and make it impossible for our manufacturers to compete with companies in China and India.   Read the entire statement by following the link below.
The idea that today’s vote is simply on border security is misleading. The original amendment offered by Senators Corker and Hoeven has been merged into a massive substitute for the original bill by Majority Leader Reid. The American people are pretty unified in their demands for a secure border. However, what Majority Leader Reid is offering with this bill is immediate amnesty with a ‘promise’ of future security enhancements that will likely never happen. This is another instance of Washington’s rush to do something, instead of doing the right thing.
While we certainly want to promote renewable fuels that don’t compete with food, the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) mandate manipulates the corn marketplace, a commodity that can easily stand on its own, and in turn increases food costs. Read about our efforts to repeal it in this blog post.
The immigration debate continues, legislation to repeal the death tax is introduced and more in this edition of the “Week in Review”
This week, the State Department marked the ten-year anniversary of the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR).  Started under the vision and leadership of President George W. Bush, this program is a success story worth celebrating.
NA
This week marks the 50th anniversary of the first National Small Business Week proclamation. Small businesses are the engines of our economy and we need to create policies that help these job creators.
We're happy to have this great group of students from across the state in Washington as part of the Arkansas Electric Cooperative Youth Group.
On June 19, 1862, Congress passed, and President Abraham Lincoln signed, a measure abolishing slavery in U.S. territories. Happy Juneteenth!
If you missed my chat with Mark Smith on KASU's morning show, you can listen to it over on their website. We talked about the NSA controversy, the Syrian conflict, the Farm Bill, immigration reform and more.
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!
The immigration debate starts, the farm bill passes, I host another telephone town hall and more in this edition of the “Week in Review”
More than 27 percent of children in Arkansas struggle against hunger. While kids have access to healthy, nutritious meals during the school year, once students leave school for the summer, the chances increase that they go to bed hungry. The USDA provides funding for summer meals like at this location in North Little Rock. We talked with Mayor Joe Smith and kids who were having lunch today.
On June 14, 1777, the Continental Congress in Philadelphia adopted the Stars and Stripes as the national flag.
The AP is out with a story today confirming what we’ve been saying all along about President Obama’s health care law. It is going to make coverage unaffordable for everyone, including the very people the President seeks to provide coverage to— low-income workers.
Yesterday we spoke with AARP members at the organization's leadership conference and met with the Arkansas State Director.
We were busy in the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs today discussing pending legislation to help our veterans.
On Monday night, we held our third telephone town hall of the year. Read the recap and sign-up to be part of the next on by following the link below.
There are reasonable measures that we can take to reform our immigration system, but the bill brought forth in the Senate fails to provide the necessary actions that will keep us from having to revisit this issue in the future. Read more about my concerns with the current version of this bill by clicking the link below.
We'll be joining Dave Elswick in 30 minutes to talk about the issues we're debating in Washington. You can listen live by clicking on the link below.
NA
Considering that agriculture is Arkansas’s top industry, passage of a farm bill is vital to our state’s economic recovery. Like any other business, Arkansas’s agricultural producers need certainty to be able to make important planting, purchasing and hiring decisions. A five-year farm bill will give our family farmers and ranchers the confidence to move forward with those decisions, and in turn, create jobs and opportunities in our communities.  This is a great example of Democrats and Republicans working together. Under the leadership of Chairwoman Stabenow and Ranking Member Cochran, we worked hard to find common ground and ensure that this bipartisan bill established the framework for a fair approach from which we can build on. The Senate bill is a step in the right direction to protecting vulnerable agriculture producers throughout the nation. We will continue to seek improvements in the final product and I’m optimistic that we can find a solution that both chambers of Congress can support.
We welcomed students from Bauxite Middle School to Washington, D.C.
Here’s what’s on tap this week along with some news stories worth reading.
The farm bill, honoring fallen heroes, reducing prescription drug abuse among veterans and more in this edition of the “Week in Review”
We're working to help reduce the abuse of prescription medications   among our veterans. Learn more about our bipartisan bill.
If you're in the Fort Smith area tune into KFPW-AM 1230. We'll be joining Bill Pharis 10 minutes after the hour.
Senator Mark Pryor & I honored the lives of Scott County Sheriff Cody Carpenter and Wildlife Officer Joel Campora, two dedicated public servants, who gave their lives while responding to a 911 call at a home in the Y City area during severe weather-caused flooding in speeches on the Senate floor. Follow the link below to watch my speech.
Member of Congress returned to Washington to resume legislative work yesterday. Here’s what’s on tap this week along with some news stories worth reading.
Scott County Flooding Update: The American Red Cross is offering assistance to Scott County residents impacted by the recent floods at Boles Southern Baptist Church and there are shelters available the Boles Community Center and Y City.
We are continuing to debate the farm bill this week. I've offered the following amendments to enhance it.
Scott County Sheriff Cody Carpenter, a dedicated public servant, gave his life trying to save those trapped by the terrible flooding in Western Arkansas. A leader who was never content sitting behind a desk, Sheriff Carpenter bravely put the safety of others before his own to protect those in harm’s way. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and the community during this difficult time.  We continue to pray for those missing as a result of the flooding. Please keep them and their families in your thoughts and prayers.
May is National Drug Court Month. Drug Courts are a cost effective approach to expanding our efforts to treat the growing population of drug-addicted offenders. We have several in Arkansas and they are proving to be very successful. Read more in our latest column.
Dassault Falcon announced a $60 million expansion of its Little Rock facility. This investment in the community is great news and we joined members of the congressional delegation recognizing this announcement.
We met with members of the Arkansas State Chamber of Commerce during a question and answer session. We talked about issues being debated in Washington and how they impact job creation and economic opportunities in our state.
We presented the Defense of Freedom medal to the family of John Deuley who was killed in Afghanistan in 2004 while working as a contractor.
Please continue to honor and thank all who have served our nation, currently serve, and their families, today especially, but everyday as well. Their sacrifices for our freedoms make our country great. Have a safe and enjoyable holiday.
In this edition of the “Week in Review”: More revelations of IRS abuses, important veterans’ legislation and much more.
With Memorial Day approaching, the Senate unanimously voted this week to send an important bill to the White House that will protect the integrity of military honors. The "Stolen Valor Act of 2013" will make it a federal crime to profit from lies about military medals. The President should quickly sign it.
If you missed our radio interview on KASU you can listen to it here.
We'll be joining KASU's Mark Smith to discuss the topics of the day including the IRS scandal and the Farm Bill in 5 minutes. You can listen live here.
Someone needs to be held accountable. This is not a time for excuses. It is a time for leadership. Watch my speech on the Senate floor this morning on the IRS abuses.
Do you subscribe to our email newsletters? If so, this will be in your inbox today.
There is no national memorial dedicated to the valor and sacrifices made by those members of our Armed Forces who honorably fought, and in some cases made the ultimate sacrifice, in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. We need to change that. This bill will clear the way for a memorial that will show a grateful nation’s respect and appreciation for those who fought to defend freedom in the Gulf War.
Keeping our neighbors in Oklahoma in my thoughts and prayers right now.
Internet Association President Michael Beckerman and I prepare for our first Google hangout.
We're participating in a Google Hangout with Senator Pryor, Arkansas small business owners and the Internet Association in one hour. Our discussion will highlight how the Internet is spurring job creation and economic growth around the state. You can watch at the link provided beginning at 3:30 CT.
Abuses at the IRS, the farm bill advances, the water resources bill clears the Senate and much more in this edition of the “Week in Review.”
Thousands of police officers were in Washington this week to celebrate National Police Week and honor fallen officers. I thank the law enforcement officers in Arkansas and across the country who dedicate their lives to protecting our children and communities and seek to bring criminals to justice. Thank you for your work. You can read more in our weekly column.
We welcomed home some members of the Arkansas National Guard who returned from a deployment in Kosovo and the 1039th Engineer Company also returned home to their families this week. This is Specialist Josh Smothers meeting his daughter. Thank you to our troops and their families for their service and sacrifice.
We met with realtors from across Arkansas about the issues they're concerned with during their visit to Washington. Thanks for letting me know how we can help.
The Senate passed a major water resources bill today. Included in this legislation is improved oversight of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers projects in Arkansas and more reliable maintenance of Arkansas ports on the Mississippi River.
Thank you to the Congressional Hunger Center for honoring me with the Bill Emerson & Mickey Leland Hunger Leadership Award.
 As a co-chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus, we’re working to raise awareness and resources to address domestic and international hunger issues.
We will continue to seek improvements and enhance efficiency in the farm bill, but the committee passed bill is a good first step.
This scandal gives the already-maligned IRS a black eye. It reinforces people’s worst fears about Washington—that those in power will use any means necessary to maintain that power. Read more by following the link below.
The Senate Agriculture Committee is meeting right now to amend and approve the farm bill. We talk about the importance of this legislation to Arkansas' agriculture community in this edition of “From the Mailbag.”
I'll be joining Dave Elswick, a little after 2 pm central, to talk about the Benghazi investigation and the IRS targeting conservative groups.
Johnson County Sheriff Jimmy Dorney is in Washington for National Police Week and to honor the sacrifice of former Johnson County Sheriff John Hall Powers who was killed in the line of duty in 1902. Powers' name will be added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.
Happy Mother's Day!
Benghazi, the backlog at the VA and my first online town hall were at the top of the list of a very busy week in Washington.
Arkansans and all Americans are rightfully concerned about Benghazi. Watch our latest "From the Mailbag" to hear my concerns.
Our veterans and their families have sacrificed to serve our country and we must protect and provide the care they earned. That’s why I recently raised an extremely troubling problem with the administration that is affecting hundreds of thousands of our nation’s veterans—the claims backlog at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
I posted answers to the final round of questions at my Crowd Hall event. Thank you all for the excellent questions.
Arkansas WWII veterans visited Washington over the weekend as part of the Honor Flight. We welcomed them back at the Little Rock airport on Saturday. Show your support for these veterans by liking this picture.
NA
I added some more answers to questions over at my Crowd Hall event. Head on over to read the responses.
We supported a resolution to review horrific abortion practices like those of Dr. Kermit Gosnell.
We want to provide our servicemembers who are leaving the military more choices as they transition to civilian life.
More CrowdHall questions answered. This round includes immigration, tax reform, DHS's ammunition purchases, Benghazi & foreign aid which join the already answered online sales tax, Obamacare & Social Security/Medicare questions. I'll post more of them tomorrow, but in the meantime, head on over to see all the answers.
The ammunition shortage should not come at a cost to our Second Amendment right.
The ammunition shortage should not come at a cost to our Second Amendment right.
I answered a few of the questions (Marketplace Fairness Act, Obamacare & Social Security/Medicare) at my Crowd Hall event. More answers will be posted as the week moves along.
We're in Little Rock today. This morning we talked with the Delta Grassroots Caucus about economic development efforts in Eastern Arkansas and the Delta region. Congratulations on the $200 million investments announced this week.
Cathy and I enjoyed lunch at the Oark General Store today. Thanks to Brian and Reagan Eisele for making us some delicious food!
Lots of good questions to choose from so far. Head on over and vote for the ones you'd like to see answered and or add your own. I'll be answering some of the top questions on Monday.
According to some reports, the wait time for initial disability claims is almost a full year, and closer to two years in some parts of the country. In the last four years, the number of claims pending for over a year has grown by over 2000 percent, despite a 40 percent increase in the VA’s budget. This is an alarming stat that was referenced in a letter we sent to President Obama earlier this week that outlined our concerns and urged his “direct and public involvement” in this matter.  While the VA has received everything it has asked for in terms of more funding and more employees, it has only resulted in more delays for veterans. Other departments have been asked to do more with less, while the VA’s budget has continued to grow in recent years. Furthermore, the VA is not subjected to sequestration, like the majority of the federal government. This backlog needs to be alleviated.  Read more in the blog post below.
Follow the link below to our CrowdHall event where you can ask  questions and vote on those asked by others. Next Monday, I'll be answering some of the more popular ones.
Furloughs, health care and a visit from the Jonesboro Chamber of Commerce were among the highlights of this week in Washington.
This week's column isn't policy focused, rather intended to raise awareness of an uptick in scam artists preying on Americans, especially older ones. Here's some tips to protect yourself and your loved ones from those trying to take advantage of others.
Today is World Malaria Day. Having had opportunities to travel to Africa, I have seen first-hand the devastation malaria causes the young and the poor. The good news is that this disease is preventable, treatable and curable. We can be proud of the efforts of people in Arkansas and across the world to eradicate this disease.
These unnecessary, politically-motivated furloughs will cause a huge inconvenience for travelers. Delays that slow down air travel literally put jobs at risk throughout the aviation and travel industries. These delays also slow down businesses that rely on employee travel. Furloughing 47,000 employees, instead of prioritizing less damaging cuts, is clearly designed to confirm White House scare tactics regarding the impact of sequestration. This needs to stop immediately.
NA
We visited with the Jonesboro Chamber of Commerce during breakfast this morning. The Chamber is doing great things to promote job creation in the region.
We had a great tele-town hall tonight. If you would like to participate in our next event sign-up here.
We're talking to Arkansans tonight about the issues they're concerned about during our tele-town hall.
NA
NA
April is recognized as Financial Literacy Month. In our latest column we discuss how our ability to save and plan our finances is important to our future both as individuals and as a nation.
Thanks to the Rogers-Lowell Chamber of Commerce for visiting with us during the Chamber fly-in. We appreciate your efforts.
Dave Elswick is broadcasting from Washington today and we'll be joining his show in about 30 minutes. You can listen here.
We appreciate the willingness of our Chambers of Commerce to bring their support for our business community to Washington. Here we are with the Fort Smith Chamber of Commerce representatives.
Chambers of Commerce from across Arkansas are visiting as part of the 54th Annual Washington Fly-In. We are proud of their efforts to attract businesses to our state. It was great visiting with the Little Rock Chamber of Commerce earlier today.
NA
Protecting Second Amendment rights today on the Senate floor.
This afternoon the Senate will vote on amendments to Majority Leader Reid’s gun control bill. Each of these amendments will need 60 votes to pass. The first vote is scheduled to be on the Manchin-Toomey amendment on background checks. I will vote "no" on that amendment.
Yesterday, the Department of Defense (DOD) announced that Secretary Chuck Hagel has canceled the creation of a new military medal for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) pilots and cyber warriors that was set to be ranked higher than the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart. DOD said it would instead develop a special pin or device that would be attached to already existing medals or ribbons.  This is a fair way to protect the integrity of medals like the Purple Heart and Bronze Star that are earned while serving directly under enemy fire.  More in the blog post below.
American businesses play a crucial role in the development and growth of our economy and Congress needs to create policies that promote job creation. I appreciate the efforts of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to promote the interests of the business world.
NA
The people of Boston are in my thoughts and prayers.
Can you believe a Pew Research study found about 1/3 of Americans actually like doing their taxes? We need to make the process easier for all Americans and that begins with an overhaul of the tax code.
It was a busy week in Washington. Get caught up on all that happened in this Week in Review post.
Congratulations to the graduates of Black River Technical College Law Enforcement Training Academy. We're proud of your efforts.
When we talk about job creation, free and fair trade is a vital component to a successful plan. An effective trade strategy with African nations will help us significantly add jobs here at home. The eagerness and willingness to be good trade partners on the part of African nations is there. The desire for American products, along with our ideals, is strong. The only thing missing is a cohesive strategy on our end. That is what we are aiming to create with this legislation.
NA
Congress has given the FAA flexibility to meet its post-sequestration budget without closing these contract towers. Yet the administration continues to insist that the closures are necessary. We need to pass this legislation to ensure that the FAA finds a reasonable solution that is fair and evenhanded, instead of one that disproportionately hurts rural America. It is time for the administration to put its doom and gloom approach to sequestration away and start seriously addressing these issues.
It is good to see President Obama is finally starting to put ideas on the table in terms of entitlement reform. We really do have to tackle the drivers of our debt—mainly the growth of entitlement spending—and the fact that President Obama has proposed ideas that may cause some heartburn within his party seems to indicate that he is serious about it.  Considering the delays, however, the remainder of President Obama’s first budget of his second term is rather disappointing. More tax hikes, more debt and more spending. It’s the same recipe for economic disaster that the president pitched throughout his first term. That clearly has not worked.
Senator Mark Begich (D-AK) & I reintroduced legislation to extend the authorization for a program that develops programs and skills that meet the needs of our wounded warriors today. Read more on the release below.
Gun control, immigration, the President's budget proposal... Lots to talk about on Capitol Hill today. If you're Fort Smith or NWA, tune in to 40/29 tonight to see our discussion.
NA
We talked with Mark Smith at KASU about a variety of topics facing our country including North Korea's threats, our Second Amendment rights and the budget debate in Washington. If you missed our interview you can listen to it by following the link below.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) has indicated that he intends to begin debate on the Majority’s gun control bill this week.  What we will be debating remains to be seen, but Majority Leader Reid has repeatedly suggested it will contain provisions that will erode the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans by creating a national registry of gun owners and limiting the type of firearms and ammunition that they can purchase.  As a result of these and other outstanding questions surrounding the bill, Senators Rand Paul (R-KY), Mike Lee (R-UT) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) spearheaded an effort to oppose a motion to proceed to any legislation that will serve as a vehicle for any additional gun restrictions.  I am committed to protecting the Second Amendment rights of every law-abiding American. I share my colleagues concerns and will support their efforts to stop gun control measures by opposing the motion to proceed and cloture when it is filed.
This week's column is on why the Senate Majority's budget plan fell far short of what we need to get our fiscal house in order.
Thank you University of Arkansas & Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences for having me as a speaker at your "Food for Thought" lecture series.
Doing some last minute prep for my speech to Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences students today. I'm sure they'll have some excellent questions for the q&a session.
Some big news for those interested in ending Joseph Kony's reign of terror in central Africa. The State Dept.'s announcement this week was made possible by a bipartisan effort here in the Senate. Follow the link to learn more.
Great news out of Fort Smith today! Health Management Associates is opening an Arkansas Regional Service Center in the community which is expected to create more than 500 local jobs.
Earlier this week, the United Nations agreed to the Arms Trade Treaty. Disappointingly, but not surprisingly, the Obama Administration voted in support of the misguided treaty. I will fight against ratification. Read more by following the link below.
Have you ever visited Hot Springs National Park? Thanks to Superintendent Josie Fernandez for showing us around and talking with us about park projects.
My wife Cathy is touring Arkansas with us this week. We visited the Montgomery County Nursing Home in Mt. Ida and tried not to interrupt the Bingo game.
Did you get our latest newsletter? You can get it sent right to your email by signing up on our homepage www.boozman.senate.gov
This week's column is on how we can improve Arkansas's waterways.
Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution gives the Senate the exclusive right to provide advice and consent to the President on treaties and nominations including Cabinet secretaries, federal judges, and ambassadors. In this edition of "From the Mailbag" Senator Boozman discusses this role and recent nominees to the Cabinet.
KNWA came with us on our tour of Darr Elementary, Rogers School District's newest elementary school, that is expected to open in the fall. This will be a great facility for students and staff.
Congress failed to pass a new Farm Bill last year, but the Senate Agriculture Committee is creating legislation to safeguard Arkansas farmers and ranchers this Congress. I visited Arkansas Egg Company, the only organic poultry farm in Arkansas, today to get suggestions for ways to improve farm policy.
When Cathy and I were first married we served as mentors and house parents to at risk boys. I'm sharing this experience and other stories with students at Archer Learning Center for at Risk Kids.
I'll be joining Mark Smith with News/Talk on KASU in about 15 minutes. You can listen here.
Today marks the third anniversary of passage of the President's health care law. We were told the law would reduce health care insurance costs, protect Medicare, not add to our deficit and make it easier for small businesses to grow. Unfortunately these are broken promises and I discuss theses in our latest column in addition to our continued efforts to repeal and defund this law.
Follow this link to read about the budget amendments I authored and will be pushing for votes on
I wanted to share with you one of the articles I read this morning.
In our latest "From the Mailbag" segment we discuss sequestration and the flexibility provided to agencies in the recently passed continuing resolution.
Senator Pryor and I  introduced the Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act today. This bipartisan bill that gives Guard and Reserve retirees with 20 years of service the honor of being called a veteran.
President Obama arrived in Israel today for his first official visit as commander in chief. You can read the letter 77 of my colleagues and I sent him before he departed.
The Senate will soon begin debate on a budget. In this edition of "From the Mailbag" Senator Boozman discusses the importance of the Senate debating its first budget resolution in four years.
We had a great meeting with representatives from the Pine Bluff Chamber of Commerce during their visit to Washington.
NA
Did you know the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers operates campgrounds and recreation areas in Arkansas? Here's our latest column on legislation we introduced to keep fees spent at these facilities in our state.
Our Senate Page, William Jenner, was able to take a break this morning and come and visit with us in our Washington office. He's doing a great job and is a great representative of Arkansas.
“The release of illegal immigrants is unacceptable. Blaming this flawed action on budget cuts shows the Obama Administration isn't serious about real immigration reform and is instead using budget cuts to bypass Congress."
We had a great time meeting with Jace Motley from Conway High School-West in Conway and John Williams from Green County Tech High School in Paragould who are in Washington representing Arkansas as delegates for the United States Senate Youth Program.
We need a reasonable solution to cuts that will impact contract towers and Americans’ air travel ability. Sharing the cost of the cuts to air traffic control evenly, across-the-board is an answer that will minimize the effects on aviation. It’s a shame the Administration has not worked harder to structure cuts in a way that will reduce their impact.
I'm vehemently opposed to the U.S. signing any UN Treaty that would regulate small arms. Read our blog post and what we're doing to protect our Second Amendment rights.
We'll be joining KFPW-AM in Fort Smith at 8:10 central. Tune in to hear our interview or you can check it out at the link below later today.
Washington is not in the position to take on the massive, multi-trillion dollar price tag that comes with the President’s health care law, nor is our economy. We need to find ways to cut spending, not substantially increase it. We need to reduce the tax burden on our small business owners, not raise it. Implementing this law not only takes us in the wrong direction, but it does little to contain to the cost of health care, which is the real root of the problem.
Monticello 20 For the Future came to meet with us during the group's visit to Washington. Thank you for sharing with us how we can help the community.
The controversy surrounding John Brennan's nomination, new veterans and agriculture bills, Keystone XL update and the White House makes a political decision to cancel public tours. All this and more in the Week in Review.
The EPA is continuing its assault on America’s farms with another excessive regulation that would be costly to our nation’s agri-businesses. This legislation will prevent Arkansas farmers and ranchers from having to spend money on equipment just to comply with another extreme regulation.
As we know too well in Arkansas, there is an elevated risk of violence in courthouses. We saw this when a gunman walked in to the Crawford County Courthouse, opened fire and was ultimately stopped before killing anyone by swift-acting law enforcement officers. As we look for fiscally responsible ways in which Washington can help our towns and cities protect their courthouses, it makes perfect sense to allow them to use existing federal money to improve courthouse safety. This bill is the smart way to give law enforcement the tools they need to help to stop these unnecessary acts of violence in our courthouses.
I commend Senator Paul for holding the President accountable and his persistence in trying to get a simple question answered from the administration: “Do you believe that you have the legal authority to kill a U.S. citizen on U.S. soil without due process?” It is without a doubt a question that deserves a clear and straightforward answer from this administration before we can move forward with the confirmation vote for the director of the CIA.  It is one of the reasons we are working to prevent the Senate Majority from ending debate on John Brennan’s confirmation until we get answers. This effort has been going on, and continues, on multiple fronts. While Senator Paul was pushing this on the floor, we were working behind the scenes to make sure we had the votes to sustain a filibuster if Majority Leader Reid tried to end it. And we are still working to ensure that we have the votes to block cloture until these questions can be answered.  Read more about the problems with John Brennan's nomination by following the link below
White House makes political decision to end tours instead of trying to cut waste. We'll gladly still give Capitol tours.
At the end of last week, the State Department released its latest draft report on the environmental impact of the Keystone XL Pipeline. To the surprise of no one, it finds there would be no significant environmental impact along the proposed route to refineries in Texas. It also noted that other options to get oil from the Canadian tar sands to refineries on the Gulf Coast would be far more damaging for the environment.
Let us help you. We're taking our office on the road. This Wednesday my staff will be in Little River County to help you with problems you're having with federal agencies.
We enjoyed meeting with the Golden Triangle Economic Development Council during the group's visit to Washington last week.
NA
Are you familiar with the services we can help you with? Need a passport, having an issue with VA benefits or the IRS? We can help. Learn how we can assist you with issues involving a federal agency.
Happy Anniversary Peace Corps! Thank you to the men and women who have served to improve the lives of people around the world and made lasting contributions to developing countries.
The reality is Arkansans have been forced to make difficult decisions in this tough economy. Many of them haven’t seen a raise in years, but their taxes, gas prices and even the price of food at the store has gone up. To tell them that Washington cannot tighten its belt a little as well would be disingenuous and completely out-of-touch. Read more on today's sequester votes by following the link below.
This was my view during a Joint Senate and House Veterans' Affairs Committee Hearing as we listened to presentations from Veterans' Service Organizations.
Fees collected at Arkansas Army Corps of Engineers recreational sites should stay in the Natural State. This bill would reinvest millions in our state.
Today marks 1,400 days since the Senate Majority last past a budget. The average American family doesn't have the luxury to spend in this type freewheeling manner. If you or I tried to run our household this way, the bank would cut us off. However, there is no penalty when the Senate does it—until now. Read more in this blog post that includes a link to the Republican Caucus's new "Pass a Budget" website.
The President is threatening us with worse-case scenarios. USDA needs to protect the public and conduct meat and poultry inspections. Read the letter we signed to Agriculture Sec. Tom Vilsack.
Parkinson's Disease advocates from El Dorado and Benton came to DC to discuss biomedical research. Appreciate their time and commitment.
NA
Sec. Kerry, it's time to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. Read our letter here.
If you missed my interview with Steve Barnes on Arkansas Week last Friday, AETN has the entire episode on its website available to stream. You can watch our discussion on sequestration, the federal budget, tax policy, entitlement reform, Second Amendment rights, Senator Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary and immigration reform.
We had a good discussion about the farm bill and other ag issues with the Council for Agriculture, Research, Extension and Teaching this morning.
NA
My interview with Steve Barnes for "Arkansas Week" airs tonight on AETN at 6:30 pm central. Please tune in to watch our discussion, much of which focuses on sequestration. (Photo courtesy of AETN)
Many of you have asked about sequestration on this page. Across-the-board cuts are bad policy. Read my  thoughts on this topic in our latest column.
A reminder for those planning on traveling out of the country over spring break: get your passports/visas sooner rather than later. If you are planning an international trip in March or April, U.S. Passport officials strongly recommend paying the extra fee to expedite your passport. A standard application is taking six weeks or longer to process. An expedited application is usually two weeks.
The groundhog predicted an early spring but winter weather is in Arkansas today. We're traveling from Little Rock to Fayetteville and this is what it looks like near Mulberry.
We're sitting down with Arkansas Week host Steve Barnes. You can watch our interview on AETN at 6:30 Friday night.
We're talking about telecommunications issues at the Verizon Regional Headquarters in Little Rock.
Talking to KTHV after touring Little Rock Air Force Base and visiting with the commanders about sequestration and other issues.
Here are some highlights from what we worked on this week.
Sen. Reid's reckless proposal to avert sequestration is an attack on rural America. Read my response to this irresponsible proposal.
The Senate Appropriations Committee held a hearing to examine the impact of sequestration, the across-the-board cuts that go into effect on March 1. Watch what I asked the witnesses and read my thoughts on these cuts in this blog post.
ICYMI: Approving the Keystone XL pipeline would positively impact Arkansas businesses and workers. I was happy to join other Senators to urge President Obama to approve the project.
I'm on the Senate floor with some of my colleagues who are in favor of approving the Keystone XL pipeline project. We're talking about why the project is important to our country. Watch it here.
Enjoyed visiting with a group of bright young students who were in town from Mount St. Mary Academy in Little Rock to take part in the Close-Up program
Did you watch the State of the Union tonight? What did you think of the President's speech. Read my thoughts at the link below.
Tonight President Obama delivers the State of the Union. What issues do you want him to talk about? I'll be talking to KASU about what I think is important for him to discuss. You can listen to our interview beginning at 8:18 a.m. central.
We had a great meeting with representatives from the Shot@Life campaign that focuses on providing polio, pneumococcal, rotavirus, and the measles vaccines to children in developing countries.  We are proud of the work that Sarah and Henri are doing to help protect kids around the world.
USPS service changes, proposed GI Bill enhancements, immigration reform priorities and more in this Week in Review.
As we continue to seek ways to improve veterans’ benefits, this one commonsense change can go a long way toward increasing access to higher education for veterans. Our servicemembers face a unique challenge of establishing residency that often follows them when transitioning back to civilian life. By requiring schools that are eligible for GI Bill benefits to charge any veteran the in-state tuition rate, we can remove this barrier to affordable higher education for the men and women who sacrificed for our nation.
In our latest edition of "From the Mailbag" we discuss immigration reform.
Here is what many Arkansans found in their inbox today. Did you get our latest Boozman Bulletin? If not, you can sign up on our homepage to get our next newsletter.
This week's column takes a look at the immigration reform proposals circulating Washington and lays out where we can make an immediate difference. One way is by holding employers accountable through E-Verify. Read more by clicking the link below.
Thanks USA Rice Federation for inviting me to speak at your conference this morning about the farm bill and other agriculture issues.
During our visit to Phillips County we went to KIPP Delta Public School. We posed for this picture with some of the students we met during our tour.
During our visit to Phillips County on Friday we tour KIPP Delta Public School and visited with students and teachers. We posed for this picture with some of the students who go to school there.
We had a great time meeting with members of the Phillips County Chamber Economic Development Coalition.
NA
While we shouldn’t have to resort to legislation to make members of Congress do their jobs, our financial security is too important to ignore. That is why we need to pass the "No Budget, No Pay Act." Read more about it in this week's column.
I've received a lot of calls and emails, and have seen the discussion here as well, about the immigration proposal unveiled in the Senate this week. Read my thoughts on it in this new blog post.
This morning I joined the team at Mountain Talk Radio (KJMT-OD - 97.1 FM) in Mountain Home for their morning show. We discussed the debate over Second Amendment rights, aid to Egypt and my support for the No Budget, No Pay Act.  If you missed it, you can listen to the entire interview
If you are a small business owner in the Fort Smith area, you may want to check out this free workshop offered by the Arkansas Small Business & Technology Development Center, a cooperative program of the Small Business Administration and the University of Arkansas, Little Rock. The two workshops will focus on online marketing and start Thursday at 10 am at the Fort Smith Public Library Main Branch. Get the details by following this link
A wrap-up of this week's work includes the introduction of "No Budget, No Pay," my response to new gun control legislation and our efforts to help bring assistance to AR from the Christmas storms. If you missed it, you can read all about it in the post below.
Last year, President Obama made a series of unprecedented "recess" appointments during a time when the Senate was in regular proceedings. Today, the court correctly ruled that action was unconstitutional. More on that ruling in the blog post linked here.
NA
In light of the new gun control legislation unveiled today in the Senate, I feel it is important to share my response to President Obama’s recent speech again as it applies here as well.  New gun control laws are not the answer.
This week's column is on how excessive regulations hurt job growth and how we can work to stop the abuses of the regulatory system.
Should members of Congress be paid if they fail to do the most basic job and pass a budget? I'm a proud cosponsor of "No Budget No Pay" that would prohibit members of Congress from being paid if they do not pass a long-term budget and all appropriations bills each fiscal year.
One last thank you is in order. We are blessed to have such strong support from the community as we work to protect the 188th. Your efforts have been instrumental in the cause. Thank you to everyone from Fort Smith and the surrounding communities (including these two veterans) who came out today to show General Welsh their support for the 188th.
I want to thank General Welsh for taking the time to visit 188th & see it firsthand. Our encouragement to the general was this is a tremendous resource. He knew the numbers but they didn't realize the amount of training that goes on and what we have to offer. We remain optimistic that we have an excellent chance of having a mission that will be sustainable.
We are grateful that Senator Inhofe, Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and our neighbor to the west, could join us today for General Welsh's visit to the 188th.
Great to see the show of support from Fort Smith area residents as they line the street to welcome General Welsh and show their support for the 188th.
The Buddy Smith Home in Fort Smith--named in honor of the late Ralph T. “Buddy” Smith who served in the Pacific through the Army Air Corps and was a strong advocate for helping homeless individuals--focuses on providing living space for local military veterans facing homelessness. I stopped by this morning to see how the facility has been doing since opening its doors last May.
I stopped by the KFSM studios to visit with anchor Darren Bobb about the importance of General Welsh's visit to the 188th and the vital role the community has played in our efforts to protect the unit's mission.
We are looking forward to welcoming General Welsh to Fort Smith & showing him the great work of 188th. It's great to see the community support here.
This week's column is on how we are working to reduce the number of unemployed veterans in our nation.
“President Obama’s statements today touched on some areas of common ground, but ultimately his plans rely too strongly on the failed gun-control ideas of the past. While he is likely to find a broad base of support for some of his mental health directives and for providing incentives to hire school resource officers, his push for Congress to bring back the assault weapons ban and to limit ammunition is misguided. New laws are not the answer. Stricter enforcement of the laws on the books is where we need to start. There is plenty of evidence, both in our country and elsewhere, that proves simply disarming law abiding citizens does not help reduce violent crime. Firearms are the tools, not the cause. If we are serious about reducing gun crimes, we need to get to the root cause which includes addressing mental health issues in our country.  That is where we need to focus on finding a solution.”
I enjoyed visiting with Mark Smith on KASU's morning program today. We had a good conversation about the debt ceiling, excessive federal spending, the farm bill, the debate on gun laws and more. If you missed it, you can listen to the interview here
College students: Are you interested in interning in my U.S. Senate office? The period to apply for internships is now open. This is an excellent opportunity for any Arkansas college students who have an interest in government to get involved, learn the inner-workings of the U.S. Senate and earn college credit. I encourage all interested students to apply for an internship during this important time in our nation's history. Follow the link below to apply.
We have very talented students in Arkansas. One of our phenomenal students from Fort Smith's Southside will be serving as a Senate Page this semester. We're excited to welcome William Jenner to the Senate.
Many have asked about President Obama's directive to give members of Congress a raise. I have consistently voted against automatic pay raises and rejected this one as well. This blog post explains how we rescinded this pay raise in the fiscal cliff agreement.
NA
We'll be taking part in a Digital Town Hall on www.4029tv.com from 1pm – 2pm central. You can join the conversation.
This is an important step in our efforts to maintain a flying mission in Fort Smith. Gen. Welsh has heard us tout the capabilities of the 188th Fighter Wing. Now, he will have an opportunity to see first-hand how the most cost effective Air National Guard unit in the country partners with the other assets in Ft. Smith to provide a variety of capabilities. We look forward to showcasing the value and resources our air base provides to our national security.
We'll be talking with Dave Elswick on KARN at 3:30 central to talk about the fiscal cliff agreement. You can listen listen live by following this link.
Today marks the beginning of the 113th Congress. What issues do you want this Congress to focus on?
My statement on Senate passage of legislation to protect Arkansas families and small businesses from a tax hike.
