Statements Today by Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina  Prime Minister Netanyahu: Senator Graham, it’s a pleasure to see you again in Jerusalem.   You’re a frequent and welcome visitor, and I want to thank you for all the work that you have been doing for the US-Israel strategic partnership and for the support for Iron Dome which has saved many lives.  You’ve been a stalwart champion of our relationship and just indefatigable and consistent supporter of the State of Israel, and I thank you for that.  It’s meant from the heart and the mind. And the heart and the mind tell us that we are now faced with two great challenges. The first comes from the Palestinians. The chief Palestinian negotiator, Saeb Erakat, has compared Israel to ISIS. This is the same Palestinian Authority that joins hands with Hamas, incites constantly against Israel, the kind of incitement that has led to an attack that we witnessed just two days ago of a Molotov cocktail thrown at a little girl, and I commend our security forces for apprehending the terrorists. But the same Palestinian Authority is going to try to bring to the UN Security Council a resolution that seeks to impose on us conditions that will undermine our security. And I want to assure you that we will stand firmly and reject such a dictate. We always have; we always will.  The second great challenge comes from Iran. Iran today conducted an exercise with a suicide drone. I don’t have to convince you, Senator, that the most important task before us is to prevent this dangerous regime from having nuclear weapons. And I believe that what is required are more sanctions, and stronger sanctions. And I welcome your leadership in this effort. I think this is something that is important for the peace of the world. You know, there are moments in history when nations have to stand firm. Israel stands firm on both sides, and on both issues.   And I welcome you again to Jerusalem.  Senator Graham: Thank you very much.  I’ll do this in English rather than Hebrew, if that’s okay with you?  [PM: We’re open for surprises.]  It would be a very short news conference.  Number one: I wanted to come here in the most desperate way before the new Congress reconvenes, to let you and the people of Israel know that the United States Congress, above all entities in America, has your back in a very bipartisan way.  The Republican Party now runs the House and the Senate, and things will be a bit different. But one thing will be constant: There will be bipartisan support in the areas you just outlined.   I’d like to let the people of Israel know, during the recent conflict with Hamas, there were resolutions sponsored by Republicans and Democrats that passed unanimously, saying there is no moral equivalent between the tactics of Hamas and the IDF.  [PM: So you don’t agree with the chief Palestinian negotiator…]  I do not agree with the UN Human Right Commission; I do not agree with the chief Palestinian negotiator. I agree with the Prime Minister of Israel when he says that the Hamas regime does everything they can to kill children, and the IDF does everything they can to avoid killing Palestinian children. They fire rockets and hope they land in schools; you attack the enemy trying to avoid collateral damage to civilians.  The Congress clearly sees the difference between the tactics of Hamas and the democracy called Israel, and the international community seems to be a bit confused.  So here’s what you can expect in January when the new Congress reconvenes: Mr. Prime Minister, of all the leaders in the entire world, you’ve had the most consistent message regarding Iran: Beware of the Iranians – they lie, they cheat. To those who believe the Iranians have not been trying to develop a nuclear weapon, if you come to America, you should not be allowed to drive on our highways. Clearly, this regime for years has been deceiving the international community, has been trying to pursuit, in my view, a nuclear weapon.  I would love nothing better than a diplomatic solution to the Iranian nuclear ambitions. I support the Administration’s effort to try to bring this to a peaceful conclusion. But you, above all others, have said that sanctions are what got Iran to the table, and it will be the only thing that brings them to a deal that we can all live with.   I’m here to tell you, Mr. Prime Minister, that the Congress will follow your lead. In January of next year, there will be a vote on the Kirk-Menendez bill, bipartisan sanction legislation that says, if Iran walks away from the table, sanctions will be re-imposed; if Iran cheats regarding any deal that we enter to the Iranians, sanctions will be re-imposed. It is important to let the Iranians know that from an American point of view, sanctions are alive and well.  So we will be following your counsel and advice. Congress will pursue sanctions for the bigger.  I also have legislation with Senator Corker, that I believe will be bipartisan, and it says the following: If there’s a deal between the P5+1 regarding the Iranian nuclear program, it must come to the Congress for our approval before sanctions can be lifted permanently, as a check and balance against a bad deal.  I hope and pray that we can end the nuclear ambitions of Iran peacefully, but the one thing I tell the American public, when you hear a deal between the P5+1 and Iran – think North Korea. The last time the international community tried to control a rogue regime’s nuclear ambitions, it resulted in a nuclear armed North Korea. What started as a small enrichment capability to be monitored by the United Nations, resulted in multiple nuclear weapons being procured by one of the most dangerous regimes in the world – North Korea.  I fear above all else, Mr. Prime Minister, that if a deal was done between the P5+1 that allows an enrichment capability to be given to the Ayatollahs in Iran, that we will suffer the same fate.   You will see a very vigorous Congress, when it comes to Iran. You will see a Congress making sure sanctions are real and will be re-imposed at the drop of a hat. You will see Congress wanting to have a say about any final deal.   As to the United Nations and the Congress, you will see the following: There will be a violent pushback if there’s any effort by the UN Security Council to set the terms of peace negotiations, avoiding direct talks. President Obama in 2011 said the United Nations was not the right venue when it came to discussing the peace process in reaching a two-state solution.  I agree with what President Obama said in 2011. Any effort by the French, the Jordanians or anyone to avoid direct negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians over the peace process, anyone who tries to take this to the UN Security Council, there will be a violent backlash by the Congress that could include suspending funding to the United Nations.  We will not sit back and allow the United Nations to take over the peace process. So on behalf of the American Congress, the people of South Carolina, I’m honored to be in your country yet again. And what brings me here so many times, is common and shared values and common and shared enemies.  The fate of one country determines the fate of the other.  God bless the people of Israel, and you can count on the United States Congress, Republican and Democrat, to be there for you when you need us the most.
It was with great sadness I learned of the passing of Governor Edwards today. He as truly one of the most decent men to have ever served as governor of South Carolina. He was a pioneer for the Republican Party and continued to stay involved in party building activities throughout his life.  However, his true passions were medicine and his family.   His imprint on our state will be long lasting and today South Carolina mourns the passing of one of our finest leaders.
This is an incredibly bad idea.
Taking a few minutes this morning to watch Congressman Trey Gowdy and the House Select Committee on #Benghazi.
Ashton Carter has the knowledge and capability to serve as Secretary of Defense during these difficult times. He has proven to be a leading voice when it comes to articulating the damage done to our military by budget cuts.   I expect he will face tough questions at his confirmation hearing about President Obama’s failing national security policy, but I expect he will be confirmed.
This overreach by President Obama is breathtaking, and every American should be unnerved by the implications of this decision.  The executive action is unprecedented and tramples on the concept of constitutional checks and balances.  I fully support Attorney General Wilson’s efforts to challenge President Obama’s executive order.  The President does have prosecutorial discretion, but he does not have the power to confer legal status by executive fiat.  It’s one thing to delay or defer prosecutions.  It's something else entirely to grant millions of people a legal status without going through Congress.  Attorney General Wilson is absolutely right to go after this presidential overreach, and I will be supportive in every way possible.
I oppose President Obama’s effort to unilaterally fix a broken immigration system by granting amnesty to five million illegal immigrants.   This is wrong.  It’s irresponsible.  It will do damage to our efforts to fix a broken immigration system.  This is a tremendous presidential overreach.   I will try to defund the effort for him to go it alone.  We will challenge him in court.  I will continue to work to repair a broken immigration system in a bipartisan fashion.  What the President has chosen to do has done great damage to our nation.
This is another vicious reminder of the depravity of ISIL.
One centrifuge in the hands of the Ayatollahs that can be used to make a nuclear weapon is one too many. #Iran
We must never allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons, period.  And no deal Barack Obama makes with Iran should be binding unless Congress approves it.
I have the great honor of participating in three Veterans Day events today.  This morning at a Veterans Day breakfast at Anderson University, then the Veterans Memorial Park unveiling in Pendleton and this afternoon I will be at Southern Wesleyan University.
Graham is not waiting until January. On Thursday, he plans to move forward with S 2650, the Iran Nuclear Negotiations Act of 2014, which he co-authored with GOP Sens. Kelly Ayotte (N.H.), Bob Corker (Tenn.), John McCain (Ariz.), Marco Rubio (Fla.) and James Risch (Idaho) to require an up or down vote on a final Iran deal, the deadline for which is Nov. 24.   “I want to get the debate started. If we get it marked up, there will be a lot of bipartisan support,” he predicts. While a vote on the floor in all likelihood will have to wait, beginning the discussion before the Nov. 24 deadline may help stiffen the Obama Administration’s spine.
I had a great visit to #Newberry this afternoon talking about economic development and job creation.
I was with Congressman Joe Wilson and Congressman Mick Mulvaney in Columbia discussing the importance of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to our national security.
If you had any doubt...President Obama’s foreign policy has hit rock bottom.
The National Association of Manufacturers has awarded Senator Lindsey Graham the "Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence."   “Manufacturers in South Carolina and throughout the United States are making a comeback, creating jobs, making more products and making them better than ever before,” said NAM Senior Vice President of Policy and Government Relations Aric Newhouse. “However, manufacturers are often disproportionately impacted by decisions made by policymakers in Washington. The NAM is proud to stand with lawmakers like Senator Graham who understand what is at stake and seek to implement policies that will foster innovation, growth and competitiveness.”
The testimony delivered by the Director of the Secret Service yesterday was not confidence-inspiring.  What she described as mistakes were major security breaches.  Now is not the time for our enemies to believe we cannot protect our nation’s Commander in Chief.  I appreciate the Director’s service, but it’s time for new leadership at the agency.  Additionally, it’s time for an independent top-to-bottom review of the agency, its operations, and ability to fully carry out its mission.
The National Guard plays an indispensable role in keeping our country safe.
President Obama must be wary of the Iranians.    In a recent interview, Iranian President Rouhani suggested cooperation on multiple fronts with the United States is possible only after a deal is made on the Iranian nuclear program.  Let’s be clear -- a bad deal with the Iranians on their nuclear program would be the biggest mistake of Obama’s presidency.    A bad deal would overshadow any cooperation Iran could provide in Syria and Iraq.  I fear the Obama Administration wants a deal with Iran too badly and we end up with another North Korea in the making. 
A few thoughts on President Obama's address to the United Nations today.  First, I believe it was a missed opportunity by the President to detail a clear, decisive strategy to defeat radical Islam and deter aggressors like Putin.  President Obama rightly said radical Islamists only understand the “language of force.”   However, when President Obama then pledges not to use ground forces against ISIL he emboldens the enemy.  They hear what we WILL NOT DO to defeat them.  Second, President Obama condemning Russia without arming Ukraine is just empty rhetoric.  Putin doesn’t fear or respect President Obama’s words.  He would respect a well-trained Ukrainian army fighting for their freedom.
I commend President Obama for ordering last night's air strikes against ISIS and the Khorasan Group in Syria, and the U.S. military for the skill and courage with which it carried out this operation.   I especially salute our Arab partners for their historic and valuable involvement in our coalition effort. However, last night’s air strikes should be just an opening salvo against ISIS in Syria.   This will be a long, difficult campaign, and as ISIS regroups and adapts, we and our partners will ultimately need a limited presence of troops on the ground—not to invade and occupy Syria or Iraq, but to advise local forces, direct air strikes, gather intelligence, and conduct special forces operations, among other related missions.
The National Federation of Independent Business, the nation’s leading small business association, today named U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham a Guardian of Small Business for his perfect 100 percent voting record on behalf of America’s small-business owners in the 113th Congress.  “The record shows that Sen. Graham is a true champion of small business, supporting key small-business votes in the 113th Congress,” said NFIB President and CEO Dan Danner. “This award reflects our members’ appreciation for supporting the NFIB pro-growth agenda for small business.”
About the speech last night, what bothered me the most was the way it started.  The President tried to tell us that as a nation we’re safer today than we have ever been.    Do you believe that?  I don’t.    There are more terrorists, more organizations with more money, more capability, and more weapons to attack our homeland than existed before 9/11.  We’re not safer than we were before 9/11 and that’s just an unfortunate fact.
There are risks associated with any decision, but today the biggest risk is to continue on the current path of doing nothing.    ISIL now poses a direct threat to the American people and homeland and must be vanquished.
Mr. President, the days of trying to “manage” radical Islamic groups like ISIL needs to end.  America’s focus should be singular in nature – confront and defeat ISIL.  Anything short of that only emboldens our enemies and shakes the resolve of our friends and allies. 
Our hearts and prayers go out to the family of Mr. Sotloff and all those who have suffered under ISIL’s barbaric behavior.  However, condemnation is not enough to deal with this scourge.  It is time we act decisively against ISIL wherever it resides.  Whenever American air power has been employed, in coordination with reliable partners on the ground, ISIL has been devastated.  It’s a tactic that should be aggressively pursued both in Syria and Iraq.  Mr. President, if you can’t come up with a strategy, at least tell us what the goal is regarding ISIL.
AFTER more than three years, almost 200,000 dead in Syria, the near collapse of Iraq, and the rise of the world’s most sinister terrorist army — the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, which has conquered vast swaths of both countries — President Obama’s admission this week that “we don’t have a strategy yet” to deal with this threat is startling. It is also dangerous.  The president clearly wants to move deliberately and consult with allies and Congress as he considers what to do about ISIS. No one disputes that goal. But the threat ISIS poses only grows over time. It cannot be contained. It must be confronted.
NA
Graham today addressed the 136th General Conference & Exhibition of the National Guard Association of the United States.
Our senior military, intelligence, and national security leaders have all stated that ISIL is a direct threat to the United States, and we should delay no further in taking the necessary actions to counter it.
It's almost time for football! Thanks to Coach Swinney and @ClemsonFB  for a great time at practice today. #Clemson
Yet another speech today from President Obama without a strategy or vision to protect the homeland against an increasingly lethal ISIS threat.    ISIS has repeatedly expressed its intent to kill Americans and they are gaining increased capability.  President Obama should make it clear – ISIS is not just a threat to the Middle East, it is very much a threat to the American people and the homeland.
I completely support humanitarian aid as well as the use of air power to stop ISIS advance toward beleaguered civilian populations.   However the actions announced tonight will not turn the tide of battle.  The president must come up with a coordinated military strategy to deal with the growing threat. The longer we wait the worse this situation will become.
Boeing’s announcement to build the 787-10 series exclusively in South Carolina is great news for our state and a terrific vote of confidence in the South Carolina workforce.  It will solidify Boeing’s position in South Carolina and continue to draw suppliers and jobs to our state. #PalmettoPride
Boeing’s announcement to build the 787-10 series exclusively in South Carolina is great news for our state and a terrific vote of confidence in the South Carolina workforce.  It will solidify Boeing’s position in South Carolina and continue to draw suppliers and jobs to our state. #PalmettoPride
Hamas is a terrorist organization. They've got one goal -- to destroy Israel.  We're NOT going to let that happen.   If you agree, SHARE on Facebook.  #StandwithIsrael
I strongly disagree with the Senate Democrats’ proposed response to the crisis on our southern border.  Their plan amounts to little more than simply throwing money at the problem and their refusal to modify the 2008 law to expedite removals sends the wrong signal.    I fear their plan will only worsen the humanitarian crisis and lead to more suffering.   Senate Democrats may be comfortable with the current situation on the border, but I’m not.  We can and must do better.
The threats posed by Hamas rockets and tunnels whose only purpose is to kill and kidnap Israelis are intolerable, and Israel must be allowed to take any actions necessary to remove those threats.  Any effort to broker a ceasefire agreement that does not eliminate those threats cannot be sustained in the long run and will leave Israel vulnerable to future attacks.  Israeli citizens have faced over 1800 rocket launches from Hamas since June.  While Iron Dome has saved countless lives, over five million Israelis live in fear of incoming rockets fired indiscriminately from Gaza.  Twenty-eight tunnels have been discovered by the IDF since the ground operation in Gaza began.    Israel has an absolute right to defend its citizens and ensure the survival of the State of Israel.
According to a report from the conservative National Taxpayers Union Foundation (NTUF), last year I proposed and cosponsored legislation which would result in a net cut of $144 billion in federal spending.  My colleague and friend Tim Scott sponsored $138 billion in spending cuts.    We both understand the simple truth that Washington spends too much, borrows too much, and taxes too much.  You can read more about our efforts to reduce federal spending in the NTUF report which is attached.    LIKE and SHARE if you agree that Washington has a spending problem.
The London Metropolitan Police Department has great taste in cars!  They're patrolling the streets of London in BMW X5s made in -- you guessed it -- South Carolina.    I'm in London this weekend attending the annual Farnborough International Airshow in support of the Boeing 787 Dreamliners also made in South Carolina. #PalmettoPride #PalmettoPrideintheUK
I sent this letter with South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley and Senator Tim Scott in support of reauthorization of the Export-Import (Ex-Im) Bank.    As the official export credit agency of the United States, Ex-Im is a vital export finance tool to the businesses in our state – at no cost to American taxpayers.  Ex-Im allows South Carolina businesses to compete globally on a level playing field.  Without Ex-Im our local businesses would be forced into a global market with foreign competitors that receive extensive support from their own export credit programs.  Allowing Ex-Im to expire will deliberately disadvantage American businesses and lead to increased unemployment.
The State of Israel is under siege on multiple fronts.  Hamas is a terrorist organization that has fired hundreds of rockets at the State of Israel. This is truly an act of terrorism that needs to be condemned.   I believe the Senate will speak with one voice in condemning the actions of the terrorist organization Hamas and standing by America’s best friend in the region, the State of Israel.  There is no moral equivalency between the self-defense actions of Israel and the barbaric actions of Hamas.
I'm honored to be spending this July 4th with some of South Carolina's and America's finest serving our nation in Afghanistan.
I was honored to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony for Corporal Kyle Carpenter.  Falling on a grenade to protect his fellow Marine is the ultimate act of courage and sacrifice.  Kyle represents everything great about the United States, South Carolina, and the Marine Corps.    President Obama also did an outstanding job of honoring Kyle and explaining his sacrifice to our nation.    The Carpenters are an incredible family and they were rightly bursting with pride today.  God bless Kyle, his family, and all who serve our great nation.
It was an honor to meet with Corporal Kyle Carpenter and his parents who came by my Washington office this afternoon. Tomorrow, Kyle will receive the Medal of Honor for heroism in Afghanistan.  A true American hero!
As sure as night follows day, these five Taliban will not only return to the battlefield they will again become Taliban leaders.  
In light of the massive system failure throughout the VA, it was right for General Shinseki to resign.  We all appreciate his decades of honorable service in uniform to our nation, however his resignation is not a solution to the underlying problem.    The only hope of changing the VA for the better is to allow veterans to have a choice of health care outside the VA system.  Every veteran should have a card they can take to local hospitals and doctors if the VA is failing to meet their needs.  Nothing short of this change will deliver better service.  We should empower the veteran and let them vote with their feet.  
What did the White House know about the VA scandal and when did they know it?   Cooking the books is not only dishonorable and disgraceful, it's a crime. If the president really was hands-on, he'd tell the FBI to go in and investigate this crime. The president is always a day late and a dollar short on these things.  If President Obama had it in his gut to really fix this, he would be on the phone -- the first guy, not the last guy -- telling the FBI, 'I want to find out if a crime was committed against our veterans' and he would be offering a solution to make sure this never happened again.
Tomorrow is the 1st anniversary of the conviction of Kermit Gosnell and I will be joining with members of the pro-life community to push Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow a vote on my legislation, S. 1670, The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.  Here's the video from when we introduced this legislation in November. 
Trey Gowdy is the most capable person in the entire Congress to lead the Select Committee.  He’s a former prosecutor who is well-respected by his colleagues, tenacious in his approach to his duties, and fair-minded about his responsibilities.   Trey is the right person at the right time.
“They were trying to create an impression to the American people that this wasn't a broader foreign policy failure and it was totally disconnected from reality on the ground,” Graham said on CBS' “Face the Nation.”  “They were trying to protect the president's re-election,” he added. “They saw Benghazi … as a threat to his re-election. It wasn't a fog of war problem they had."
I today wrote to President Obama asking him to confirm a statement made by former Communications Director for the National Security Council Tommy Vietor that President Obama was absent from the White House Situation Room during the Benghazi attacks.   Here is the text of the letter I sent with Senators Ayotte and McCain. 
Spoke with Fox News Special Report's Bret Baier tonight about the newly released #Benghazi documents and the White House’s explanation of them, including the email from White House adviser Ben Rhodes. 
NA
This email is a smoking gun.  It shows political operatives in the White House working to create a political narrative at odds with the facts.  Their goal was NOT to tell the truth about what actually happened.  They DID NOT want to provide the best information available.  Instead, we were provided the most beneficial political story for President Obama -- not the actual facts of what happened.    
Had a great visit to Travelers Rest today and a tour of the many small businesses along the Swamp Rabbit Trail.
On Tuesday, Graham gave Clifton the surprise of a lifetime. He returned the veteran all seven of the medals that went missing.  "Mr. Clifton as a young man did what was required of him to defend this nation and these medals represent his sacrifice," said Graham.
Today, we remember the cowardly attack by radical Islamists against one of the great American institutions and the people of Boston. As we mourn our losses, let's rededicate ourselves to maintaining our freedom. Boston continues to be an inspiration to the nation.    “Boston Strong” is not just an empty slogan, it's a reality.
I am extremely pleased that tonight the Senate unanimously passed Senator Ted Cruz’s legislation denying diplomatic visas to individuals who have participated in acts of terrorism.  This legislation, which I cosponsored and strongly supported, was a result of the Iranian regime’s attempt to appoint Hamid Aboutalebi as the Iranian ambassador to the United Nations. Mr.  Aboutalebi was actively involved in the taking of American hostages at the U.S. embassy and his appointment was an affront to the hostages, their families, and our nation as a whole. Passing this legislation tells the Iranians we remember what they did and who they are.  Senator Cruz deserves credit for working in a bipartisan fashion to pass this legislation through the Senate. I will do my best to have the House take up this legislation allowing it to be placed on the President’s Desk as soon as possible.  Given Iran’s behavior as the leading state sponsor of terrorism, this legislation was needed.  I hope it will also send a clear message to Iran regarding their ambitions to acquire a nuclear weapon.
This is a slap in the face to the 52 Americans held hostage in Iran for 444 days and an affront to all Americans.  The very idea Iran would appoint someone to represent them at the United Nations in New York -- who was connected in such a direct way to the American Embassy takeover in 1979 -- says a lot about the regime and the so-called moderation of President Rouhani.   
The fact that Al-Qaeda affiliated terrorists murdered four Americans in Libya on the anniversary of the September 11th attacks was completely at odds with the political narrative that the Obama Administration was selling at the height of a presidential election – the message that Al-Qaeda was ‘decimated.’   This was the narrative that the Administration continued trying to sell to the American people for weeks after the Benghazi attack, despite clear evidence to the contrary and over the stated disagreements of our own personnel on the ground, including the CIA’s Chief of Station.   This looks like deception and a cover up, and it requires a willing suspension of disbelief to think the White House and its allies were not actively involved.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham attended the BMW 20th Anniversary ceremony where the company announced they will expand production capacity and build the new X7 SUV in Greer.  The company will also invest another $1 billion in the South Carolina facility.
I wish Democrats would show some interest in how and why President Obama and Susan Rice got it so wrong about the true nature of the Benghazi attack.  I wish Democrats would show a little interest about why Secretary Clinton was clueless about the multiple security requests coming from Benghazi and how she allowed our mission to become a death trap.  I wish Democrats would show a little interest in finding out whether Mike Morell, the former #2 at the CIA, lied to Congress and the American people about a protest that never happened.  Democrats seem to be more interested in protecting the Obama Administration than they are in getting the truth.  If Republicans win a Senate majority in 2014, one of the first things I will insist on is hearings that actually get to the bottom of what happened before, during, and after the Benghazi attack.    The families of those who lost loved ones, and the American people, deserve nothing less than a full accounting.
NA
This is big news for homeowners up and down the South Carolina coast.  I was proud to support this important legislation and look forward to it being signed into law.  
“I just hope we don’t lose Alaska. The more [President Barack] Obama talks to Putin the worse we do,” the South Carolina Republican cracked on “Kilmeade and Friends” on Fox News Radio. 
spoke with Greta Van Susteren last night on Fox News about Russia/Ukraine.    I believe Putin has basically come to the conclusion -- after Benghazi, after Syria, after Egypt, after everything, that Obama has been engaged in -- he is a weak, indecisive leader.
“Stop going on television and trying to threaten thugs and dictators,” U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham told President Obama. “It is not your strong suit. Every time the president goes on national television and threatens Putin or anyone like Putin, everybody’s eyes roll, including mine. We have a weak and indecisive president that invites aggression."
"I asked (Morell) early on who changed the talking points," Graham said. "He told me he believed the FBI had changed the talking points to delete references to terrorist and al-Qaeda because they didn't want to compromise an ongoing investigation."  When Graham shared that account with the FBI, "they went ballistic," Graham says. The CIA called later that day and said Morell misspoke, that it seemed someone at CIA changed the talking points "but they don't know why," Graham said. 
This is another dumb idea. The Obama Administration is disconnected from the realities of the world. 
Frankly, I couldn't believe what I heard from Susan Rice today when she said she has 'No Regrets' about what she told the nation on five different Sunday talk shows after the Benghazi attack.    Susan Rice may be comfortable about the role she played in the whole Benghazi debacle, but no one else outside of President Obama's political inner circle is.  I'm not.   It's past time she answer questions about the role she played in this whole fiasco.
Speaking with Manning Kimmel of WRHI Rock Hill this morning about the problems with Obamacare. I continue to hear from individuals and businesses in South Carolina who are feeling the negative impact of this law.
I’ve been to that Afghan prison dozens of times, and it makes my blood boil to see these thugs walk out of there.  
Today, I voted AGAINST ending Senate debate and AGAINST final passage of legislation raising the debt ceiling.    Simply raising the debt ceiling without addressing why we are $17 trillion in debt was a disappointing missed opportunity and mistake.  I’m convinced most Americans don't want Congress to raise the debt ceiling without structural budgetary reforms.
Are you tired of being run over by the Obamacare 'we know best' train? Do you believe the American people -- particularly those outside Washington -- deserve a chance to have their say about Obamacare?   I do.  That's why 4th District Congressman Trey Gowdy and I were in Greenville on Friday pushing our legislation which allows states like South Carolina to opt-out of the major provisions of Obamacare.  The State Health Care Choice Act, which we introduced in the Congress along with South Carolina Senator Tim Scott  and 5th District Rep. Mick Mulvaney , would allow South Carolina to opt-out of Obamacare mandates including:  * Individual Mandate -- Obamacare requirement to buy government-approved health insurance coupled with a financial penalty for not doing so.   * Employer Mandate -- Obamacare requirement for businesses to provide government-approved health insurance coupled with financial penalties for not doing so.  * Benefit Mandates -- Obamacare definitions of  what qualifies as a health plan as well as new federal requirements for regulating health insurance.   As Congressman Gowdy said, "Our bill would allow a state like South Carolina the option to opt-out of the ACA's mandates, while giving each state the flexibility to decide. We have heard from our constituents who are struggling under the ACA. We should give them the chance to get out from under the thumb of Washington and this unworkable law."
I had a great time meeting with the Blue Ridge Council of Boy Scouts tonight in Greenville. Enjoyed discussing the importance of family, friends, responsibility, and citizenship.
Today, I introduced a resolution strongly denouncing the Obama Administration's coercion of states into adopting Common Core State Standards by conferring preferences in federal grants and flexibility waivers.  The resolution is co-sponsored by Senators Tim Scott (R-South Carolina), Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Mike Lee (R-Utah), Ted Cruz (R-Texas), James Inhofe (R-Oklahoma), Thad Cochran (R-Mississippi), Roger Wicker (R-Mississippi), and Mike Enzi (R-Wyoming).
“Last year he got the lie of the year award for saying, ‘If you like your health care, you can keep it.’ He’s going to have back-to-back titles by saying this [about Benghazi],” Graham said Monday  “This will catch up with him because they’re misleading us and the president is still misleading us. You would have to suspend disbelief, as someone famously said, to believe what the president said to Bill O’Reilly,” the senator said. 
If the Obama Administration rejects Keystone XL it will be one of the most short-sighted decisions in memory.  I was one of the first members of the United States Senate to visit the Canadian oil sands to see first-hand how this resource could benefit our country. I know from my own personal experience, and in spite of all the heated rhetoric, issues like Keystone XL really don't get much simpler to resolve.  
Herb was one of the most likable and earnest members of the South Carolina State Legislature.  He was a fine man and dedicated public servant.    It was a privilege to know and serve with him. 
Yesterday I sat down with Charles Woods, the father of Ty Woods, one of the four Americans killed in Benghazi.    We spoke about what I learned from my recent interview with a Benghazi survivor and why this tragedy deserves a joint Select Committee to fully investigate this matter.
Proud to provide my guest ticket to tonight’s State of the Union to Korie Robertson of Duck Dynasty
NA
NA
I had a great visit to the Walgreens Distribution Center last week.
NA
I was in Greer earlier today with Governor Nikki Haley, and Congressman Trey Gowdy and Congressman Jeff Duncan discussing the importance of the Inland Port.
 
 The Inland Port is a game-changing investment that will shape the future of not only the Upstate but all of South Carolina. Even though it’s more than 200 miles from the coast, the Inland Port will act as a force multiplier for the Port of Charleston. It’s yet another tool for helping bring new business to South Carolina and for helping increase the efficiency of those already here.
I had a great time at the Laurens Rotary Club today. Congress needs the Rotary Club's 4-Way Test.
Since 1973, untold millions of babies have been aborted as a result of the Supreme Court’s Roe vs Wade ruling.  Today, marks its 41st anniversary and once again, tens of thousands of pro-life supporters took to Washington to stand for life.  While I disagree with that Supreme Court ruling, I am very proud of the progress that has been made through the years in protecting the unborn.    Working together we have passed the Unborn Victims of Violence Act and the Partial Birth Abortion Ban.  Those were landmark achievements in protecting the unborn, and we are rightfully proud of those accomplishments.  But I believe there is much more that needs to be done.   Today, we are presented with a new challenge and opportunity by way of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act which I recently introduced in the Senate.    Science and technology have advanced tremendously since Roe vs Wade was handed down in 1973.  For instance, we now know that an unborn child at the twentieth week of pregnancy can feel pain and that anesthesia is administered directly to unborn children in second trimester fetal surgery.    Given these facts, I believe there is a compelling interest to protect these unborn children who are among the most vulnerable in our society.   The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act would save roughly 18,000 unborn children each year by establishing a nationwide legal ban on abortion after five months -- more than halfway through a mother's pregnancy.   This legislation marks the new front in our fight to secure the rights of the unborn.   I look forward to pushing the Pain Capable bill and other pro-life causes forward this year.  The fight for the rights of the unborn must continue.
Graham said when he was given the option to take health care under the Washington, D.C., insurance exchange and receive subsidies for the government, or sign up for health care in the state as an individual, he chose the latter.  “I decided to sign up in S.C. to live the life that people in my state are going to live. My premiums almost tripled and my deductibles went up to over $6,000 from less than $1,000,” he said. “I'm not whining; but I'm paying a lot more and getting a lot less.”  He said an alternative solution could be opening up the competition and allowing families to seek out their own health care packages, including shopping outside of their state's borders.  “If you can find a better deal for your business or your family in California, you should be able to buy a policy in California and not just restrict it to the companies in South Carolina,” Graham said.
I had a great time visiting and learning about the operations of the Walgreens Distribution Center in Williamston today.
I had a great visit to North August today.    Enjoyed speaking with local residents about the problems of Obamacare, future of Savannah River Site, and why we need to get to the bottom of what happened in Benghazi.
"The FBI confirmed to me that when they interviewed the survivors on the 15th the 16th and the 17th [of September], not one person ever mentioned anything other than a terrorist attack. No one mentioned a protest outside the consulate," Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham told Fox News.   "So, how could the Obama administration come up with a protest story if everybody on the ground during the attack said it was a terrorist attack and there was no protest?" 
“BMW is a story worth telling over and over again,” Graham said. “We want to build on this.”
In Duncan earlier today promoting stronger business ties between South Carolina and Germany.
Withe passing of Ariel Sharon, America has lost one of her best friends and the Israeli people have lost one of their greatest champions.    Sharon was a fierce fighter for the State of Israel who boldly embraced peace.  His life's work has made him an Israeli icon.    May he rest in peace.
Looking forward to tonight's "Proudly Pro-Life" dinner in Columbia.  Hope to see you there.
I learned this new information when I was finally allowed the opportunity to interview a State Department survivor of the Benghazi attack.   There are other Benghazi survivors I would like to speak with and I will continue to press for meetings with them.  Like many of you, I remain concerned about what happened before, during, and after the attack.  I have not given up and continue to push the Obama Administration for answers.  I will get to the bottom of what happened in Benghazi.
Glenn McConnell will be missed.  He was a strong conservative voice for South Carolina who accomplished much for the people of our state during his years of public service.                      Glenn was instrumental in laying the groundwork for Boeing to come to South Carolina and for years provided steady leadership in the South Carolina State Senate.    In the years to come, I’m sure he will continue to contribute to South Carolina and I wish him well in all future endeavors.
I had a great meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today where we discussed our shared concerns about the Iranian nuclear program. 
 
 Iran has been the largest state sponsor of terrorism for over thirty years.  Its leaders routinely call for the destruction of Israel and Iran arms and finances terrorist groups around the globe.  The national security implications of a nuclear Iran are unimaginable.
Holiday cheer from the Abernathy-White Christmas Breakfast this morning in Spartanburg.  A great time was had by all!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
 
 We are blessed to live in the United States of America -- a beacon of hope and freedom to the rest of the world. 
 
 As another year comes to a close, let's be sure to celebrate and reflect on all blessings God has given our families and our country. Please continue to keep all of our men and women in uniform, first responders and their families in your prayers. 
 
 Cherish this time with your loved ones, embrace the freedoms that our fellow citizens have sacrificed to protect and celebrate the hope of our faith during this miraculous holiday season. 
 
 May God continue to bless your family and our country in the coming New Year.
I find it ironic that a few years ago the Senate was forced to stay in Washington and vote on Obamacare on Christmas Eve. Yet now we won’t stay a few extra days to fix this injustice to our military retirees.  President Obama -- above everyone else -- has the responsibility as Commander in Chief to take care of those who honorably serve our nation in uniform.  He should not sign this severely flawed legislation into law.  Instead, he should show leadership and send Congress back to work to fix this problem.
Spoke earlier today about  impact of the budget bill on military retirement packages.     According to analysis by the Senate Budget Committee, under the proposal, a Sergeant First Class (E-7) who retires at age 40 - who has served our country for two decades and most likely deployed multiple times to war - could lose approximately $72,000.
"Unfortunately, our current and future military retirees were not provided with similar protections that current civilian federal employees are receiving under this act," Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) and Roger Wicker, (R-MS), wrote in a letter to colleagues.
After careful review of the budget agreement, I believe it will do disproportionate harm to our military retirees. Our men and women in uniform have served admirably during some of our nation’s most troubling times. They deserve more from us in their retirement than this agreement provides.  The budget deal contains a one percent reduction in cost of living benefits for some military retirees. The provision could significantly impact military retiree benefits. For example:   •	A 42-year old who retires as an enlisted E-7 could lose a minimum of $72,000.  •	A 42-year old Lt. Colonel could lose a minimum of $109,000.  Source: Military Officers Association of America (MOAA)  I truly appreciate Congressman Paul Ryan and Senator Patty Murray for their work trying to write a budget that provides relief to the Department of Defense.  But this agreement does not do enough to protect those who have spent their lives protecting our nation.
PLEASE SHARE WITH YOUR FRIENDS ON FACEBOOK:  I just released this statement along with Tim Scott and Rep. Mick Mulvaney that officials at Shaw AFB have restored the Nativity scene.  “We are pleased the Nativity scene has been restored at Shaw Air Force Base. From the start, our offices have been in touch with Shaw officials expressing our concerns about this matter. We appreciate the Air Force for listening to our complaint, keeping the Nativity scene on base, and moving it to the Chapel.”
Obama's dream has been a single-payer health care system.
I will forego the special taxpayer subsidy available to Members of Congress and enroll in Obamacare’s South Carolina health care exchange.  Obamacare is being pushed on the American people and we should live under it just like everyone else.  As a 58-year old male living in Oconee County my insurance costs are going up about $400 a month, more than 200 percent, under Obamacare. In addition, my health care coverage will be a fraction of what it used to be.    Sadly, I’m not the only one who will feel the negative effects of Obamacare.  It’s happening all over South Carolina.    The worst is yet to come, but I will continue my fight to repeal, replace, defund and allow Americans to opt-out of this horrible government program.
Yesterday, I had the great honor of visiting Fort Jackson and personally thanking some of the young men and women serving our nation in uniform. For many of these new Army recruits this will be the first Christmas they will be away from their families and loved ones.
 
 During this holiday season let us all remember all those who serve and the sacrifices they are willing to make on behalf of our nation.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham today met with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Horry County officials to discuss local projects affecting the area.
One of Nelson Mandela’s most important legacies is how he handled injustice. He experienced great injustice in his life yet when his time came to lead, he did so with a great sense of justice, compassion, and grace for all.    Mandela was an incredible man who life’s work inspired the world.  His contributions to mankind will be talked about for the ages.
Lunch today at Skins' Hot Dogs in Clemson....can't beat it!
As we celebrate this Thanksgiving holiday, it’s important for us all to reflect on our many blessings.  Family and friends immediately come to mind.  But there are many Americans who won’t be able to celebrate this holiday season at their home.  Some are serving our nation overseas, thousands of miles away.  And in their world, the creature comforts you and I take for granted, things like running water and electricity, are considered luxuries.   As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I’ve had the great honor of meeting many of these American soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines.  Together, they make up the greatest fighting force in the history of the world.    I have been fortunate to witness first-hand, the remarkable work they have done and continue to do in some of the most challenging of circumstances.   Whether in the cities of Iraq or the many remote, isolated villages of Afghanistan, I have seen the oppressive conditions under which our bravest Americans are forced to operate.    Yet our soldiers continue to persevere and carry on, driven by a desire and commitment to keep our enemies at bay.  For these Americans, their service to protecting our nation is more than a job.  It is a calling.      They maintain an unwavering focus and determination not to surrender an inch to the enemy.  And time and time again they show a willingness to reenlist and return to the fight.    I continue to be amazed by their teamwork and compassion – not only towards each other – but also towards the least fortunate among them.    Whether sharing their food and water, or pooling their own money to buy a soccer ball for a child who owns next to nothing – they are living proof of the American spirit of helping others who are down and out.  Our American soldiers serve as some of the best ambassadors the United States could ever hope for.  They are tough and determined, yet equally kind and compassionate.   On this Thanksgiving, I want to express all of our appreciation for the service of our men and women in uniform and their families.  To the military spouse, who has to be both mom and dad, God Bless.  To the children of our military members, who have missed holidays and birthdays, God Bless you.  It is because of the bravery of our troops, and their willingness to endure tremendous hardships, that we are able to be at home with our families this holiday season.    To our troops and their families, we truly owe you a debt of gratitude we can never repay.
NA
Let’s call it what it was -- a raw power grab by Senate Democrats and President Obama.  Previous efforts to resist the temptation of turning the Senate into the House of Representatives were lost today and the ‘advise and consent’ clause for executive and judicial branch nominations was washed away.  But there is much more here than meets the eye.      •	After today, I fully expect President Obama to stack the D.C. Circuit Court with liberal, rubber-stamp judges.  This court has primary jurisdiction over lawsuits that challenge Obamacare regulations.  It is no accident the rules were changed to stack this court.    President Obama is committed to protecting Obamacare, his signature achievement, regardless of the damage done to millions of Americans.  He is even willing to throw the judiciary into chaos if necessary.  Any American who wants to bring a legal challenge to the thousands of Obamacare rules and regulations lost big today.  •	The hold I placed on many Obama nominees until Congress was able to speak with the Benghazi survivors has been greatly eroded.    I was very pleased my hold resulted in the first Senate interview of a State Department Benghazi survivor yesterday, 14 months after the attack.  I, along with several Senate colleagues, spoke at length to this individual who provided new and compelling information about the attacks on our compounds in Benghazi.    Unfortunately, Americans who want to get to the truth about what happened in Benghazi were hurt by today’s vote.  Without the ability to delay nominations, presidential administrations are likely to be even more successful in their stonewalling efforts.  •	Finally, one of the great concerns about this rule change is without the requirement to work with the minority party to select judges, the judiciary will become dominated by ideologues.  One of the biggest winners of this move is liberal groups who will be pushing radical, liberal judges to serve on the federal bench.
Given all the problems they have created, you would think the White House would be trying to plug some of the holes in this sinking ship known as Obamacare.  Instead, they are out there recruiting more people to come on board. We shouldn’t buy a ticket on the Titanic.    Governor Nikki Haley and our state legislature understand the simple fact that expansion of Medicaid called for under Obamacare is unsustainable.  South Carolina was right to reject it.  We cannot afford this burden.
It's a duct tape solution for a problem that's not going to be fixed by duct tape.
I was very grateful to be the Commandant's Guest of Honor at today's 238th birthday celebration for the United States Marine Corps.
"I understand what they are telling us about destroying a chance for a peaceful outcome here by new sanctions," Graham said. "But I really do believe that if sanctions are crafted in the right way, where if the Iranians did the things we want them to do, that would be more helpful than harmful."
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to those brave men and women who have sacrificed and fought for freedom at home and abroad. May God bless you and continue to bless the United States of America.
Happy Birthday to the United States Marine Corps.  Pound for pound, the finest fighting force in the world! #SemperFi
Pro-life leaders in attendance agreed that Graham is the right man for the job. Darla St. Martin, co-executive director of the National Right to Life Committee, for instance, told Townhall why she is fully behind him.  “We’ve got our best shot with Lindsey Graham,” she said. “He is a great author and an extremely articulate spokesperson. He engages senators in both parties. I think everyone who saw him today was impressed.”  Maureen Ferguson, the Senior Policy Advisor for the Catholic Association, shared St. Martin’s confidence in the senator from South Carolina.  “I think he has a demonstrated record of bringing people together,” she told Townhall. “He is the perfect man for the perfect issue.”
Did the Americans in Benghazi believe their government was going to come to help them when they were under attack?    And when they found out their government was not coming to their aid, how did they feel?  We need to hear from the survivors of Benghazi.
"When they tell me that it is a threat to my country for Congress to talk to witnesses to find out what happened, I take that to mean it's a threat to the administration," the South Carolina Republican told Fox News Channel's  "America's News HQ."  "How could any Congress allow the executive branch to have exclusive control over the witnesses, who are the best evidence of a major national security failure — the first ambassador killed in 33 years?" he asked.  Graham said he did not just want access to FBI transcripts of interviews with Benghazi survivors, saying it amounted to the executive branch being able to "investigate themselves."   "I will only be satisfied when I have reasonable access to the people who know what happened, and I can talk to them independently — 'I' meaning the Congress," he said.
I am deeply dismayed that over one year after the Benghazi terrorist attack the Obama Administration has failed in every way to properly investigate how this happened.   The perpetrators of the Benghazi attack remain free and our government has neglected to hold its own people accountable for the failures before, during, and after the terrorist attack.   This is unacceptable and I will continue to push to make sure that all questions are answered relating to Benghazi.
Calling the Obama administration "irresponsible" for shielding witnesses to the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attack, Sen. Lindsey Graham said Monday he'll hold up every executive branch appointment and nominee until more survivors are allowed to speak to Congress.  "I have nothing left available to me," the South Carolina Republican told Newsmax TV. "Fourteen months after the attack and we still haven't had access to the survivors.  "It's incredibly irresponsible of the Congress to allow, and the administration to basically shield witnesses who are relevant to a congressional investigation as to what went wrong in Benghazi."
South Carolina has lost one of her strongest and most capable voices.  He explained what was going on in South Carolina government and politics with clarity and integrity.    Lee’s criticisms stung and his praise was appreciated.  There was never any doubt Lee called it as he saw it.  He was a great role model for young reporters and he will be missed.
To say we as Republicans left a lot on the table would be one of the biggest understatements in American political history.  We could have done much, much better.  Unfortunately, given where we now find ourselves, this agreement was the best Senator McConnell could do.  By the time we got to this point, we were playing poker only holding a pair of twos.  Today’s agreement is far from great news but brings to an end, at least temporarily, a disaster.  It stops the bleeding and gives us a chance to regroup.  On the positive side, the agreement preserves the spending caps and makes modest changes to protect taxpayers from what will be rampant fraud in Obamacare income verification procedures.     On the negative side, we did nothing to address the long-term drivers of our national debt.   I’m also very disappointed the agreement did not require every Member of Congress to participate in Obamacare.  I will work with Senator Vitter to make sure Congress and the President have to live under this disaster of a law, just like every other American.  I’m glad this chapter is coming to a close but make no mistake, there are no winners here.  President Obama was AWOL when it came to leadership.  Democrats in the Congress constantly moved the goalposts and were focused only on scoring political points.  And as Republicans, we overplayed our hand.   I hope we learn from the past few weeks.  The problems with Obamacare will now be out in the open once this agreement is passed into law and the Republican Party still has an opportunity in 2014 because every Democrat owns this terrible idea called Obamacare.
Members of Congress and their staffs should not be exempted from Obamacare. And I’m going to insist that if the Senate wants to move forward on any deal we have to overturn the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) ruling on congressional employees or at the least, force senators to vote on it in the coming days.
yesterday opened offices in Washington and across South Carolina even though portions of the federal government remain shutdown.   "It’s pretty simple, if my staff is going to be paid they ought to be at work," said Graham.  During the government shutdown, Graham is donating his salary to the Wounded Warrior Project.
I’d say to those families, ‘Your government has let you down in your time of need.’ There is no excuse for this.   There’s no excuse for the President, Democrats, and Republicans not to negotiate. We are all held accountable here. This is not an acceptable way to run the most powerful nation in the world.
Your government has let you down in a time of need. There’s no excuse for this.
Congratulations and job well done to those responsible for the capture of Abu Anas al-Libi.     Al-Libi is likely to be a treasure trove of valuable intelligence information.  I believe the most responsible course of action would be to hold him as an enemy combatant at Guantanamo Bay for intelligence gathering purposes.    We can hold al-Libi as an enemy combatant, interrogate, gather intelligence, and then turn him over for trial in federal district court.  U.S. Navy ships were never intended to be confinement and interrogation facilities in the War on the Terror.  The use of ships, instead of Guantanamo Bay, will greatly compromise our ability to gather intelligence from captured terrorists.
Creating a special #Obamacare exemption for Congress is completely unacceptable. Congress should live under the laws we pass and feel the pain of Obamacare like everyone else.
I shouldn’t get a congressional salary while other federal employees are denied the ability to go to work.  I'm going to take my salary during the government shutdown and donate it to the Wounded Warrior Project.
Just voted to delay the Obamacare individual mandate and eliminate Congress special exemption from Obamacare.
Just voted to support the House GOP passed bill to delay #Obamacare for one year and repeal the medical device tax.
The national security implications of a nuclear Iran are unimaginable - threatening the very existence of our ally Israel, as well as launching an all-but-certain nuclear arms race in the world's most volatile region.   Diplomacy is our hope, but the U.S. resolve to take whatever action is necessary to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear state will not be compromised.
Today, I proudly voted to Defund Obamacare, and I am proud that every Senate Republican has united in support of the House-passed Defund Obamacare provision.    I only wish that more Senate Democrats, many of whom were responsible for Obamacare’s passage into law, would have voted with us.  (NOTE: The amendment to remove the Defund Obamacare provision, which passed the House, was defeated by the Democrat-controlled Senate by a straight party-line vote of 44-54.)     With Democrats in control of the Senate, we needed Democrats to join with the American people who want Obamacare stopped in its tracks.  Based upon the Democrats unanimous votes in support of funding Obamacare, they must not have gotten the message.   I fought and voted against Obamacare in 2010. Since then, I have tried to stop the law's implementation any way I can:   * Supported ending the special exemption for Congress from Obamacare; * Supported ending the special exemption for President Obama from Obamacare; * Authored legislation to allow states to opt-out of Obamacare; * Cosponsored legislation to repeal Obamacare; * Cosponsored legislation to prohibit the funding of Obamacare; * Cosponsored legislation which defunds the IRS' implementation of Obamacare; * Cosponsored a bill to repeal the individual mandate in Obamacare; * Sent a letter with my Republican colleagues requesting the Obama Administration grant relief to all Americans by delaying implementation of Obamacare so Congress can adopt common-sense reforms;  and * Offered an amendment to defund implementation of the individual and employer mandates required under Obamacare.   Obamacare is, has been, and will remain a financial disaster for our nation.
America will suffer under Obamacare and Congress should be no different.    I support the Vitter Amendment to end the special #Obamacare exemption and force Congress to live under this disaster of a law just like every other American.  If you agree, SHARE with your Friends on Facebook.
Check out this uplifting story right in our own backyard.  These two young men are teaching life lessons which go way beyond the football field.  Keep up the great work David and Brad!
Congratulations to BMW Group on producing 2.5 million BMWs in South Carolina over the past 20 years.  Vehicle number 2,500,000 was this Mineral White Metallic BMW X5.
NA
NA
I would love to respond to President Putin in the Russian media. Of course his 'Independent Judiciary’ will put you in jail if you publish it.
Today, we honor the memories of those who tragically lost their lives twelve years ago in the attacks on our homeland in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania.  I still remember that terrible day, and I will never forget the fear we all felt and the grief we experienced seeing our nation attacked.  On September 11, 2001, I was walking to my Washington, D.C. office when I received a call from South Carolina. My staff told me to turn on the television because a plane had just struck the World Trade Center in New York. I went back home and almost immediately after turning on the television saw the second plane hit the Twin Towers.  It was then and there that I, like almost all Americans, realized this was not an accident. Our nation was under attack.  The House and Senate offices were evacuated and my staff came over to my house to watch the horror of what was unfolding around us. I remember walking outside and seeing the unbelievable sight of smoke rising from the Pentagon and hearing the roar of fighter jets circling the Capitol.  Watching our nation come under attack and seeing our fellow citizens killed by terrorists was a sickening feeling. We must never let our country be exposed like that again.  Tragically, 9/11 now also marks the one year anniversary since the terrorist attack on our Consulate in Benghazi that took the lives of four brave Americans, including Ambassador Chris Stevens.  President Obama promised the American people we would track down those responsible and bring them to justice. One year after the attack, no one has been held accountable.  Questions about what happened in Benghazi remain unanswered and the American people deserve answers. But most of all, we owe it to the victims’ families. I have met many of them, and I will not stop pushing for accountability and for answers so I can look them in the eye and tell them the truth about what happened.  America must never forget September 11. We must continue to confront the radical ideology behind both of these evil attacks and remain diligent in our efforts to prevent them from ever happening again.  One of the most vivid memories from that day twelve years ago was when Members of the House and Senate gathered on the Capitol steps to show our resolve and spontaneously began to sing God Bless America. If we can recapture that spirit of unity in our country, I am confident we can defeat Radical Islam.  On this special day, let’s be mindful of the threats we face, appreciative of our freedoms, and thankful for the first responders and brave men and women in uniform who protect us.
NA
“I’m not going to support a strategy that has zero chance of success,” said U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham.    Contrary to news reports, he told me that he and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) aren’t yet sold on President Obama’s strategy for Syria.   Without them, Graham said bluntly, there is little chance of a “yes” vote from Congress. “I don’t know if we can carry [the yes vote] over the finish line but I can assure defeat without us.”  Graham is realistic about our current options.   “This is not a yes or no question. It’s about bad and worse,” he observed. “Good and very good are in the rear view mirror.”
Truly enjoyed today's Town Hall and hearing from South Carolina residents about the many problems facing our nation. Thanks again for taking time out of your day to join the call and sharing your thoughts with me.
NA
In light of the verdict in the trial of Major Nidal Hasan, it’s important we push President Obama and the Department of Defense to classify the Fort Hood shooting as an act of terrorism and not workplace violence.    This designation would award the victims of the attack Purple Hearts and the full range of benefits available to our men and women in uniform.   As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, the victims and families have my word that I will work to get this designation changed.
I am bitterly disappointed that no one has paid a price for the State Department’s denying of numerous requests for additional security made by Ambassador Stevens and his team in Libya.  Our compound in Benghazi became a death trap because people in Washington were deaf and blind to their pleas for help.    This whitewashing on accountability for the failures of Benghazi will not stand.
Adam Gadahn is an American citizen who has aligned himself with Al Qaeda.  He should be considered an enemy combatant not a common criminal.    And even though he is an American citizen, he should be subject to being killed or captured by our military and intelligence forces.  The use of lethal force against Gadahn is appropriate and should be utilized without hesitation. Or if captured, Gadahn should not be read his Miranda Rights, but held as an enemy combatant under the Law of War for intelligence gathering purposes.    As a senior Al-Qaeda operative his deeds and actions put our nation at risk.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham participated in an event discussing the proper storage and safe usage of firearms.
From Benghazi to Cairo to Damascus to Baghdad, we're failing across the board. President Obama's foreign policy is NOT working.   The Middle East is literally in flames.  And if Egypt becomes a failed, fractured state, I just cannot imagine what Israel's future looks like.
I fear that without a quick reversal of current trends, Egypt may be on its way to becoming a failed state.  There are important issues at stake for our own national security and economic well-being as we watch events unfold.  They include:  • A failed state in Egypt will likely create ripple effects which impact American pocketbooks here at home.  A significant portion of oil on world markets comes from this region and instability, particularly as it relates to control of the Suez Canal, could have a negative economic effect.  In addition, the Canal is used by the American military.  A loss of use of the Canal would impact both our nation’s national security and economic interests.  • A failed state in Egypt is Al-Qaeda’s dream come true.  Al-Qaeda fears democracy in Egypt where people can have a say about their future and the rule of law replaces the rule of the gun.  Egypt, which has been a source of stability for American national security interests, could become a platform for the spread of radical Islam.    • Egypt is the center of the Arab World and has for over thirty years been living under a peace treaty with Israel.  If Egypt falls, radical elements would be free to operate with impunity.  This would effectively break the Camp David Accords and sever relationships between Israel and Egypt.
I applaud the Court’s calling out the Obama Administration for their flagrant violation of the law.  The court rightly rebuked the Obama Administration for delaying a decision on this important national security matter.    Yucca Mountain remains the appropriate nuclear waste storage site.  In addition, some of the first nuclear waste to be sent to Yucca Mountain would come from Savannah River Site.   Today’s ruling is positive news for South Carolina and our nation.
If you weren’t worried about the federal government bailing out municipalities like Detroit -- now you should be.  Today my amendment to prohibit the federal government from bailing out municipalities which are facing bankruptcy failed by a vote of 14-16.  The failure of my amendment is a very disturbing signal. All Americans should keep a close eye on where the Obama Administration and Congress are heading in terms of bailouts for cities like Detroit.
There is no doubt Detroit has huge problems, but they are facing problems of their own making.  Detroit and other municipalities facing these issues need to get their own financial houses in order.  In South Carolina both our state government and localities have faced several lean budget years. They were forced to make tough, painful decisions which were not easy.  But they faced up to the challenges and did what was necessary.  Other states and localities should do likewise.  * Please "SHARE" with your Facebook Friends if you support the Graham Amendment and oppose bailing out cities like Detroit.
I look forward to speaking at the Christians United for Israel (CUFI) Summit in Washington tomorrow.  Our bond with Israel is deep.  Israel is our best ally in the Mideast and probably as good an ally as we have anywhere in the world.
Firman told MailOnline that the about-face came after Sen. Graham sent a letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel on Thursday, asking for reconsideration. ...  Bristol's testimony could provide a crucial missing link in lawmakers' understanding of what happened in Benghazi.   In his letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel on Thursday, Sen. Graham cited Bristol's 'in-depth knowledge of the region, coupled with his close interaction with U.S. Special Operations Forces operating on the African continent.'  '[H]e would be the ideal person to speak with,' Graham wrote, 'about what happened on the ground in Benghazi.'
Should the federal government bail out Detroit?  No way. No how.
I hate to say I told you so, but I told you so.  Every day we see stories like this about Obamacare -- rising prices, fewer choices, and more confusion for patients and providers.    We now have one less choice for health insurance in South Carolina.  In the days to follow, people will likely lose their choice of doctor as well.  Unfortunately, this is just the beginning of the disaster that will befall our country if Obamacare is fully implemented.
Signed on today as a cosponsor of Senator Ted Cruz's (R-Texas) legislation to defund #Obamacare.
Yesterday, I signed a letter with my Senate Republican colleagues to President Obama urging him to permanently delay the implementation of ObamaCare.   We wrote:   “This law is unworkable and harmful to the economy and to American families and your actions to delay the employer mandate are an acknowledgement of this fact.  While your recent action provides temporary relief for some, we believe that all Americans deserve permanent relief from this onerous law, so that we can adopt common-sense reforms that will actually lower costs and that Americans support.”  Please 'Share' with your Facebook friends if you agree with our letter and believe Americans deserve permanent relief from Obamacare.
Great discussion with students from Bob Jones Academy today in Washington.
It is a great privilege and honor to be with our troops in Afghanistan on the Fourth of July.  Seeing these brave men and women in a combat zone reenlist and continue their service to our nation is a special privilege.  As we celebrate July 4th, please keep these brave Americans in your prayers.  They have fought long and hard to protect and defend the freedoms we all hold dear.
The decision to delay the implementation of Obamacare is driven by the 2014 elections.    Unfortunately, the negative effects Obamacare has on our economy cannot be postponed.  Simply delaying implementation does not undo its fundamental flaws.    Obamacare is, has been, and will remain a financial disaster for our nation.
I believe in the traditional definition of marriage. South Carolinians have repeatedly said that is the definition they support as well.    I have been a strong supporter of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA).  I voted for it as a member of the House of Representatives, and as a Senator wrote a brief to the Supreme Court to uphold this important law.  I was disappointed with today’s outcome, but respect the Court’s decision.  One key point, today’s Supreme Court ruling will not change South Carolina law and I will continue to fight for and defend the traditional definition of marriage.
Mr. President, what are you thinking?    Even if we don’t build Keystone XL the Canadians have made it clear they will sell oil from the oil sands.  Some of the highest greenhouse gas emitting countries in the world, like China, are already lining up to purchase this oil if we don’t.     If the Obama Administration rejects Keystone XL it will be one of the most short-sighted decisions in memory.  The choice is simple – build the pipeline, create jobs in the United States, and lessen our dependence on oil from the Middle East.  I would much rather buy oil from our Canadian allies and friends than rely on oil imports from Russia, Venezuela, or Middle Eastern regimes who hate our guts.   I was one of the first members of the United States Senate to visit the Canadian oil sands to see first-hand how this resource could benefit our country.  I know from my own experience, and in spite of all the heated rhetoric, issues like Keystone XL really don’t get much simpler to resolve.   We need oil and Canada has the means to deliver it to us.  There’s nothing more common-sense than expanding our long-standing, mutually beneficial relationship with Canada.
Just sent a letter to the Russian Ambassador to the United States about the case of Edward Snowden.
I don't think Mr. Snowden is a hero.  I believe he hurt or nation and compromised an important national security program. I hope we'll chase him to the ends of the earth and bring him to justice.  The freedom trail is not exactly China, Russia, Cuba, and Venezuela.
When people in South Carolina say ‘Secure the Border,' I get it.   The Border Surge amendment introduced by Senators Corker and Hoeven is designed to help us regain over sovereignty. It is a robust border security measure which calls for the hiring, training and deployment of an additional 20,000 Border Patrol agents on our southern border.  There are 5 major provisions of the Corker-Hoeven Amendment and they must ALL BE MET before illegal immigrants can gain lawful permanent residents status in the United States.   The provisions include:  *** Hiring, training, and deployment of an additional 20,000 Border Patrol agents on the Southern border. By comparison, in Fiscal Year 2012 we had 18,500 agents patrolling the Southern border.  *** Build an additional 350 miles of actual fencing, not vehicle barriers.  *** Implementation of mandatory E-Verify to check the legal status of new hires.  *** Deployment and implementation of an electronic Entry-Exit system at all international air and sea ports of entry within the United States.  *** The Department of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General of the Department, and the Comptroller General of the United States (GAO), has submitted a Comprehensive Southern Border Security Strategy to Congress that includes minimum requirements for each sector along the border as identified by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol and the plan has been deployed and is operational.  Please share with your friends if you believe, like I do, the Senate should pass the Border Surge amendment sponsored by Senators Corker and Hoeven.
Boosters of the Senate’s immigration reform bill secured a key endorsement Thursday evening: Fox News host Bill O’Reilly.  “It’s not perfect, but it’s the right thing to do,” O’Reilly said.
“I really don’t know,” Graham said on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” when asked to describe Obama’s goal in Syria. “It seems to be not being Bush is our foreign policy."
Palmetto Girls State is a one-week leadership and citizenship training program, created to educate outstanding high school students about state and local government and citizenship.    Girls attending Palmetto Girls State experience governmental procedure by simulating political campaigns, elections, and the political process.  They also learn about the principles of citizenship and public service from guest speakers, expert panels and staff members.  The delegates, who are rising seniors in high school, are selected for the program based on the leadership skills and involvement they have shown in their respective schools and communities.  As citizens of Palmetto Girls State, the delegates are divided into groups of about 30 called "cities."  They will create local governments, devise political party platforms and ultimately elect a Senate, a House of Representatives, and state constitutional officers.  The South Carolina Department of the American Legion Auxiliary has organized and administered Palmetto Girls State since 1947.
Proud to be named to the Top 5 when it comes to proposed spending cuts in the United States Senate.  I look forward to continuing to fight to cut out-of-control spending.  Please SHARE this if you think Washington has a spending problem.
Spoke with CBS News this morning about possible State Department cover-ups and halted investigations.
I view Mr. Snowdens’ actions not as one of patriotism, but potentially a felony. I hope we follow him to the ends of the earth to bring him to justice.
will be a guest tonight on Fox News Channel at 9:00 pm speaking with Sean Hannity about Susan Rice's appointment to serve as President Obama's national security adviser.
It was with great sadness I learned of Senator Lautenberg’s passing.  He was a fine man who served his nation honorably in World War II.  He was a true gentleman who will be missed by his family, friends, and colleagues in the United States Senate.
Will be speaking with Fox News Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10:30 pm about the latest on Benghazi investigation.
On the way to Spartanburg to address the Rotary Club.
On the IRS matter, Graham said there was clearly “an organized effort within the IRS” to target Obama’s opponents, and that the White House played a role in developing the culture that allowed that to happen.  “My belief about the IRS scandal is that this culture of going after Tea Party groups that were on the president’s case about Obamacare did just not accidentally happen,” the South Carolina Republican said. “I think it comes from the top in terms of tone.”
Susan Rice does not deserve an apology from me or anybody else for the way she misled the American people. She deserves to be subpoenaed by the Congress and have to give answers to hard questions, something she's never had to do before.   Susan Rice should apologize to the families who lost loved ones in Benghazi.   She should also apologize to Greg Hicks, the number two in Libya behind Chris Stevens who said, when he heard her testimony 'I was stunned, my jaw dropped, and I was embarrassed.'  Seven weeks before the election Susan Rice was trying to create a narrative the consulate was strongly secured and President Obama was a strong leader on the war on terror.  Susan Rice won't get an apology from me. She's going to get a subpoena.
Will be a guest tonight, Wednesday, on Fox News Channel ‘On the Record’ with Greta Van Susteren at 10:20 pm responding to a White House call issued last weekend by Senior Advisor Dan Pfeiffer for Republicans to apologize to Ambassador Susan Rice.  Pfeiffer said, "And so hopefully we can put this all behind us, and I -- frankly I think that many of the Republicans who have been talking about this, now that they have seen the emails, owes Ambassador Rice an apology for the things they said about her in the wake of the attack."
Always an honor to meet with veterans from South Carolina visiting our nation's capital.
My resolution expressing concerns about the Iranian nuclear threat and making clear the United States will stand with Israel should any future conflict arise, is set to be debated and voted on today in the Senate (4pm debate, 5pm vote).    Our bond with Israel is deep and we have no better friend in that part of the world.    Last year President Obama told the people of Israel, ‘We have your back.’ This resolution builds upon that statement and makes it clear that we will stand with Israel should Israel be forced to protect itself from Iran.  Among its major provisions:  • Declares that the United States has a vital national interest in and unbreakable commitment to, ensuring the existence, survival, and security of the State of Israel.  • Reaffirms the United States support for Israel’s right to legitimate self-defense.  • Urges that if Israel is compelled to take military action in self-defense, the United States will stand with Israel and provide diplomatic, military, and economic support in its defense of its territory, people, and existence.
The scenes out of Oklahoma are heart-breaking to watch.  All of our prayers are with the victims, their families, and first-responders dealing with this horrible natural disaster.
In light of events in Oklahoma, tonight's Fox News interview has been postponed to a later date.
will be a guest tonight on Fox News Channel ‘On the Record’ with Greta Van Susteren at 10:00 pm responding to a White House call issued yesterday by Senior Advisor Dan Pfeiffer for Republicans to apologize to Ambassador Susan Rice.  Pfeiffer said, "And so hopefully we can put this all behind us, and I -- frankly I think that many of the Republicans who have been talking about this, now that they have seen the emails, owes Ambassador Rice an apology for the things they said about her in the wake of the attack."
I always enjoy visiting with friends at the annual Aiken Electric Co-op meeting.
Way to go Candice Glover, our new American Idol! You made us so proud!
Just wrote a letter with Senators Tim Scott, Saxby Chambliss, and Johnny Isakson warning the Obama Administration is jeopardizing the 60-year partnership between the Savannah River Site and South Carolina/Georgia over its interest in changing the agreed-upon plan to dispose of surplus weapons-grade plutonium.
President Obama is insulting my intelligence and the American people by suggesting he called Benghazi a terrorist attack from the get-go.  That is simply not true.
Mr. President, quit spinning the American people, and quit stonewalling the Congress. We deserve the truth about what happened in Benghazi.
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said Thursday that former secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton should return to Capitol Hill -- under subpoena if necessary -- to answer new questions about the attacks on a U.S. consulate in Libya that left four Americans dead.  Graham said the account of the Benghazi assaults last Sept. 11 offered by Clinton and other Obama administration officials had been undercut in congressional testimony Wednesday by three State Department officials, including Gregory Hicks, the No. 2 U.S. official in Libya at the time.
Catching a few minutes of the Benghazi hearings between meetings today.
The story of Benghazi is that after the attack, seven weeks before an election, there was an effort by some senior people to put a political spin on this,” U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham said on MSNBC Morning Joe. “Rather than tell the story that it was a terrorist attack from the get-go because it was so close to the election.”
I think the dam is about to break on Benghazi. We're going to find a system failure before, during, and after the attacks.   We're going to find political manipulation seven weeks before an election. We're going to find people asleep at the switch when it comes to the State Department, including Hillary Clinton.  The bond that has been broken between those who serve us in harms way and the government they serve is huge — and to me every bit as damaging as Watergate.
Five days after the September 11 attack on our Consulate in Bengahzi the Obama Administration blamed the attack on 'protestors' in reaction to a video.  
 
 Do these guys look like protestors?
Between Benghazi and Boston, our systems are failing and we are going backwards. We need to understand that bin Laden may be dead but the war against radical Islam is very much alive. Radical Islam is on the march and we need to up our game.
With all due respect Mr. President, Benghazi and Boston are compelling examples of how our national security systems have deteriorated on your watch.  In Benghazi, multiple requests for increased security were denied and numerous warnings from Ambassador Stevens about the growing threats from al Qaeda were ignored by Washington.  For over seven and a half hours during the attack our Americans in the field were abandoned.  After the attack, your Administration provided misleading information to the American people.   In Boston, both the FBI and CIA were warned by the Russians about a radical Islamist in our midsts.  Once enrolled in the system as a potential terror suspect, the older brother was able to travel back to Russia unimpeded by DHS or any of our intelligence agencies.  Agencies under your control were unable to coordinate the information they received on the Boston terrorists.  If Benghazi is not an example of system failure before, during and after the attack what would be?  If Boston is not an example of a pre-9/11 stovepiping mentality what would be?
Obamacare is a train wreck.  Congress shouldn’t be able to get out of Obamacare until everyone else does.   If you agree, "Share" with your friends on Facebook.
The Obama Administration is having a hard time embracing the fact we are at war with radical Islam.   Between Benghazi and Boston, we’re going backwards in national security. The Administration is letting its guard down and it's beginning to show.
I strongly disagree with the Obama Administration's decision to rule out enemy combatant status for the suspect at this time.
From a Wall Street Journal editorial today:  "The important security issue isn't convicting Dzhokhar but finding out what he knows that might prevent a future attack or break up a terror network. This is where naming him an enemy combatant would be useful. Such a designation allows for extensive, long-term interrogation without a lawyer."
Released this statement this morning with  Senator Kelly Ayotte New York Congressman Peter King and John McCain about the latest on the Boston suspect.  At the bottom we also give background on the legal authority, precedent and procedures for holding an American citizen as an enemy combatant.   “We applaud our law enforcement for their hard work and bravery in Boston.  “It is clear the events we have seen over the past few days in Boston were an attempt to kill American citizens and terrorize a major American city.  The accused perpetrators of these acts were not common criminals attempting to profit from a criminal enterprise, but terrorists trying to injure, maim, and kill innocent Americans.  “The suspect, based upon his actions, clearly is a good candidate for enemy combatant status.  We do not want this suspect to remain silent.  “We are encouraged our High value detainee interrogation team (HIG) is now involved and working to gather intelligence about how these terrible acts were committed and possibility of future attacks.  “A decision to not read Miranda rights to the suspect was sound and in our national security interests.    “However, we have concerns that limiting this investigation to 48 hours and exclusively relying on the public safety exception to Miranda, could very well be a national security mistake.  It could severely limit our ability to gather critical information about future attacks from this suspect.  “We should be focused on gathering intelligence from this suspect right now that can help our nation understand how this attack occurred and what may follow in the future.  That should be our focus, not a future domestic criminal trial that may take years to complete.  “The public safety exception is a domestic criminal law doctrine that allows questioning of a criminal suspect without Miranda warnings for a limited time and purpose.  “We hope the Obama Administration will consider the enemy combatant option because it is allowed by national security statutes and U.S. Supreme Court decisions.    “We continue to face threats from radical Islamists in small cells and large groups throughout the world.  They have, as their primary focus, killing as many Americans as possible, preferably within the United States.  We must never lose sight of this fact and act appropriately within our laws and values.  #####  Background on Law of War / National Security Detainment  * American citizens who take up arms against our nation or collaborate with our enemies have been held as enemy combatants.  This is well-established principle of American jurisprudence and authorized by congressional statute.  (“There is no bar to this Nation’s holding one of its own citizens as enemy combatant.” -- Supreme Court decision Hamdi v Rumsfeld)  * Criminal domestic law is focused on solving a crime.  The Law of War is focused on protecting our national security.    * An enemy combatant held under the Law of War is not entitled to Miranda rights or appointment of counsel.   * The questioning of an enemy combatant for national security purposes has no limit on time or scope.  In a case like this it could take weeks to prepare the questions that are needed to be asked and months before intelligence gathering is completed.  * An enemy combatant is entitled to a habeas hearing before a federal judge with appointment of a counsel.  This takes place, usually, within 30 days of capture.    * The focus of the habeas hearing would be whether or not there is evidence to justify the enemy combatant status determination which would then allow continued confinement for intelligence gathering.  * As to any future trial, if this suspect is an American citizen he is NOT subject to military commission trial.  This exclusion, was authored by Senator Graham in the Military Commissions Act.    * Under the Law of War, the suspect must be humanely treated, consistent with the Detainee Treatment Act, and other domestic law, and the Geneva Conventions.  * In the future, when the suspect is committed to our federal court system he will have all the rights associated with that system.
Just put out this statement with John McCain about the suspect captured in Boston and whether they should be held as an enemy combatant.  “We truly appreciate the hard work and dedication of our law enforcement and intelligence communities.    "It is clear the events we have seen over the past few days in Boston were an attempt to kill American citizens and terrorize a major American city.  The accused perpetrators of these acts were not common criminals attempting to profit from a criminal enterprise, but terrorist trying to injure, maim, and kill innocent Americans.  "Now that the suspect is in custody, the last thing we should want is for him to remain silent.  It is absolutely vital the suspect be questioned for intelligence gathering purposes.  We need to know about any possible future attacks which could take additional American lives.  The least of our worries is a criminal trial which will likely be held years from now.  "Under the Law of War we can hold this suspect as a potential enemy combatant not entitled to Miranda warnings or the appointment of counsel.  Our goal at this critical juncture should be to gather intelligence and protect our nation from further attacks.  "We remain under threat from radical Islam and we hope the Obama Administration will seriously consider the enemy combatant option.    “We will stand behind the Administration if they decide to hold this suspect as an enemy combatant.”
If captured, I hope Administration will at least consider holding the Boston bombing suspect as an enemy combatant for intelligence gathering purposes.  If the Boston suspect has ties to overseas terror organizations he could be treasure trove of  information.  The last thing we may want to do is read Boston suspect Miranda Rights telling him to "remain silent."  The Obama Administration needs to be contemplating these issues and should not rush into a bad decision.
Ty Woods was one of the brave Americans killed in the attack on our consulate in Benghazi.  Just minutes ago, I met with Charles Woods, his father, in my Washington office.    I assured him we have not forgotten about Benghazi and still continue to push for answers to our many unanswered questions.    Mr. Woods deserves to know what happened that night.  And he deserves to know you stand with him and the families of the other brave Americans who lost their lives.   Stay tuned, there is more to come.  I promise you -- we will get to the bottom of what happened in Benghazi.  Please show your support for Mr. Woods and the other families and SHARE this post.
I’ve always been confident if the Senate debated the Second Amendment, the Second Amendment would win.   Today we saw that President Obama’s politically-driven solutions to gun violence could not withstand scrutiny from Congress and the American people. Substance won out over the unsound solutions President Obama and others were pushing.   I’m very pleased the Senate took up, debated, and voted on gun violence legislation. I was always ready and willing to vote in support of what I believe.
President Obama wanted 3 things on gun control -- ban assault weapons, limit magazine sizes, and expand background checks.   Fortunately, he'll lose all 3.
U.S. Senators Lindsey Graham, Ted Cruz, Chuck Grassley, and Dan Coats discuss the Grassley-Cruz-Graham alternative S. 649.  Yesterday CQ noted, "Momentum is building for a bipartisan background checks plan backed by the National RifleAssociation — and opposed by gun control groups — even as it slows for the proposal being pushedby Sens. Joe Manchin III, D-W.Va., and Patrick J. Toomey, R-Pa."
With Senators Ted Cruz, Chuck Grassley and Dan Coats this morning in Washington discussing our amendment to S. 649 on gun violence and protecting the Second Amendment.
Instead of expanding a broken background check system, let’s fix it.  I have bipartisan legislation which would accomplish that goal. I hope the Senate will soon debate and approve my legislation.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and first responders in Boston.
The Toomey-Manchin proposal, while well-intentioned, is not a solution to illegal gun violence.    We already have major holes in the current National Instant Criminal Background (NICS) system.  There are thousands of people who have been adjucated as a danger to themselves and others who are not currently in the NICS system.  Additionally, in 2010 over 13,000 fugitives failed a background check yet less than 15 people were successfully prosecuted.  Instead of expanding a broken background check system, let’s fix it.   I have bipartisan legislation which would accomplish that goal.  I hope the Senate will soon debate and approve my legislation.
I welcome a debate on the Second Amendment in the United States Senate.  I want to proceed to this bill. I want to debate it. I am not afraid.  Some have asked why I opposed filibustering a procedural motion to move forward.  Here’s my reasoning.    •	Many Senators have refused to even take a position on some of these issues for fear of angering one side or the other.  There’s only one way to see where Senators actually stand – make them vote.  •	Filibustering right now means Senators get a free pass.  Some politicians’ dream scenario is one where they don’t actually have to vote For or Against a proposal but can tell each side they were with them all along.  Again, let’s make Senators vote.  •	Nothing the Democrats are proposing would have prevented the Sandy Hook massacre.  We need Senators on record.  Do you support these proposals?  •	The legislation can still be filibustered after today in the United States Senate.  And even if gun control legislation passes the Democratic-controlled U.S. Senate it is unlikely to pass the Republican-controlled House of Representatives.    •	Finally, I have my own legislation, supported by the NRA, which I want to bring forward in the Senate.  My legislation would make a real difference in keeping guns out of the wrong hands.    It’s designed to prevent individuals like Alice Boland, a mentally disturbed individual who once pled ‘Not Guilty By Reason of Insanity’ in federal court for threatening to kill the President of the United States from legally buying a firearm.  Under current law, she was able to pass a background check, buy a pistol, and go to Ashley Hall School in Charleston where she tried to shoot several school officials.  One bullet in her hands is one too many.    Again, I welcome a debate on gun control and you should too.  The American people deserve to see where their elected representatives stand on the Second Amendment.    Let’s vote.
NA
I spoke with Sean Hannity yesterday about gun control and the status of immigration reform in the Senate.
Today’s decision validates my belief South Carolina is the best place in the country to do business.  This is huge news for our economy. It also shows that Boeing made the right decision to locate in South Carolina. I look forward to the continued strong, mutually beneficial relationship between Boeing, the local workforce, and the state of South Carolina in years to come.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the great role models in the history of the conservative movement.  Her foreign policy was clear eyed and firm. She, along with Ronald Reagan and Pope John Paul II stood up to communism, the great evil of their time, with an uncompromising conviction. They understood the ideology was evil and restricted the better nature of mankind.  Domestically, she took Great Britain off the path to socialism and unleashed the power of the British people. Her belief in the power of the individual over the false security of reliance on government control inspires to this day.  During the coming days she will receive much adulation and credit, but in my view the best way to pay homage to Margaret Thatcher is to follow on the path she laid out -- trust in the people and stand up to evil when you find it.  The great evil of our day is radical Islam and the world would be served well if today's political leaders show the same determination to defeat radical Islam Margaret Thatcher, Ronald Reagan and Pope John Paul II displayed to standing up to communism.  Both ideologies, communism and radical Islam, intend to enslave the human spirit. With the passing of Margaret Thatcher let us all recommit ourselves to standing up to radical Islam, the great evil of our time.
“Controlling who comes into this country is a sovereign right of this country, and I will insist on sovereignty,” Graham explained. “You can come [to this country] but on our terms, not yours.”   He also pushed for an E-Verify system to help employers make sure they are not hiring someone illegally.
The senator said his ideal plan would:  * secure the country’s borders * control who gets jobs in America * provide access for non-citizen workers as needed * provide a path to citizenship for the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the country.  That path to citizenship would require illegal immigrants to go to the back of the line to apply for citizenship, require English proficiency exams, ensure immigrants are paying taxes and impose a fine for those who are illegal immigrants, Graham said.
Just stopped by downtown Aiken to listen to small business owners talk about the economy and checked out the selection of firearms at TrueValue Hardware.
On a walking tour of Greenwood talking small business with Bill Wilson of Thayers and Mayor Welborn Adams.
Do you realize President Obama's never received one vote for any of his previous budgets?   If he can pick one winner right in his NCAA Hoops brackets, he will have trumped what he’s been able to do on getting votes for his own budget.
will be a guest tonight Greta Van Susteren talking about the federal budget and how we must get spending under control.
Senator Rand Paul’s support for comprehensive immigration reform is another step in the right direction for the Republican Party.  I have long agreed with the assertion Senator Paul made yesterday that the current system of doing nothing is amnesty.    Finally, I applaud and appreciate Senator Paul’s support for a path to citizenship.  This is an important piece of reform.
“I believe that the best way to interrupt the shooter is to have a mental health system that actually records and enters into the database people who should not be able to buy a gun,” Graham said.  He made his remark while voting against a bill passed by the committee to ban assault weapons and high-capacity gun magazines.
Always good to see Charleston Mayor Joe Riley.
NA
I appreciate the fact that our Democratic colleagues finally marked up a budget in the Senate Budget Committee for the first time in four years.  Unfortunately, the budget presented by Senate Democrats raised $1 trillion in new taxes, dramatically increases spending over the next decade, and does virtually nothing to save Medicare and Social Security from bankruptcy.   This budget is a liberal, Democrats Dream and I’m proud to have voted against it.
I wanted to bring you up-to-date on recent efforts at gun control in the Senate Judiciary Committee of which I am a member. Here is a rundown of the gun control legislation the committee has debated and voted on.   1) Feinstein Assault Weapons Ban -- I voted NO. (Passed committee 10-8 and now goes to the full Senate)   The assault weapons ban didn't work then. It won't work now. I oppose it.   2) Schumer 'Universal' Background Checks -- I voted NO. (Passed committee 10-8 and now goes to the full Senate)   In 2010 we had over 13,000 fugitives from justice fail federal gun purchase background checks. Nearly 2,000 convicted felons actually ended up receiving a gun due to delays in the system. How many of those individuals were prosecuted and found guilty? Only 13. Why expand the system if we aren't prosecuting those who already fail background checks?   I also have concerns that implementation of additional checks could -- whether intentional or not -- lead to a universal gun registry. I have strong objections to a national gun registry.   3) Leahy Gun Trafficking Regulations -- I voted NO. (Passed committee 11-7 and now goes to the full Senate)   The legislation, as currently written, is vague, broad and could negatively impact law-abiding citizens. Among other things, it could regulate the time-honored tradition of a father or mother buying a gun as a gift for their child.   4) Boxer Safety Enhancement Act -- I voted YES. (Passed committee 14-4 and now goes to the full Senate)   The legislation does not directly affect gun control but does provide resources (i.e., metal detectors, surveillance equipment, and security training of personnel and students) to schools to prevent gun violence. I plan to offer an amendment on the Senate floor which will also make the funds available so schools, if they so choose, can hire armed police and resource officers.   While I do not claim to know everything about gun violence, I do know that a common-sense solution does not involve limiting the Constitutional Rights of law-abiding citizens. Instead, we should focus on enforcing current law and keeping guns out of the hands of those that shouldn’t have them.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham speaks at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC).
Obamacare is a financial and health care disaster for our nation.   I was proud to cast a vote today in support of Senator Ted Cruz's (R-Texas) amendment to defund Obamacare.
Job well done by the members of the SC House of Reps who voted down Medicaid expansion yesterday.  Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion is chasing Fools Gold.
The Senate Judiciary Committee will continue voting on several gun control measures this morning at 10:15 a.m.  You can watch the deliberations live at the link below.
Check out tonight's Fox News Special with Sean Hannity titled 'Benghazi: 6 Months of Deceit.'    I was interviewed by Sean earlier this week for this special about what we know, what we don't, and why it is important we learn from the mistakes that were made in Benghazi.
Just released this statement with Senator Kelly Ayotte about the Obama Administration's decision to bring al-Qaeda member Sulaiman Abu Ghayth to the United States for trial in civilian court instead of trial by military commission at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.  “We are disturbed by the Administration’s decision to bring Sulaiman Abu Ghayth—a foreign member of al Qaeda charged with conspiring to kill Americans – to New York for trial in federal court. The Obama Administration’s lack of a war-time detention policy for foreign members of al Qaeda, as well as its refusal to detain and interrogate these individuals at Guantanamo, makes our nation less safe.  “We are at war with al Qaeda and its affiliated groups, and America’s detention policy must reflect that reality.  “Military detention for enemy combatants has been the rule, not the exception.  By processing terrorists like Sulaiman Abu Ghayth through civilian courts, the Administration risks missing important opportunities to gather intelligence to prevent future attacks and save lives.  “A foreign member of al Qaeda should never be treated like a common criminal and should never hear the words “you have a right to remain silent.”  “Abu Ghayth’s capture and decision to try him in civilian court raises several questions. For example, did U.S. officials properly interrogate Abu Ghayth before he was read his Miranda rights? If so, for how long? Given the fact that the U.S. required repeated interrogations of detainees in law of war custody over many years in order to find bin Laden, why would the Administration believe that a few hours or days of interrogation of someone so close to bin Laden would be sufficient?  “The American people and their representatives in Congress have been clear that they do not want foreign members of al Qaeda brought to the United States. The Obama Administration’s decision to try Abu Ghayth in a New York district court clearly contravenes the will of the American people.  This decision by the Obama Administration will not go unchallenged.”
Last night's dinner with President Obama and my Republican colleagues was productive and substantive.  I hope it will serve as the beginning of a new, long-overdue paradigm where people in elected office actually begin talking to each other about meaningful issues.    The discussions with the President about our long-term budget problems were candid and differences in philosophy were apparent.  However, also apparent was common ground on how to move forward.   One thing I am certain of -- the perpetual campaign will not solve the nation’s problems.    Finally, I shared with my colleagues there is no dishonor in trying and failing to solve big problems.  The long-term budgetary problems we discussed last night have defied bipartisan solutions for far too long.    I'm ready to try to solve the serious, long-term budget problems our country faces and can accept failure as an outcome.  But I cannot accept not trying.
The Alice Boland case is 'Exhibit A' of a broken background check system. An individual who pleads ‘Not Guilty by Reason of Insanity’ should not be able to pass a federal background check and legally purchase a gun. As astonishing as it sounds, that actually happened.   Our legislation addresses the Boland case, and other similar instances, to ensure that those who have been declared an imminent danger to themselves or others aren’t legally able to obtain a firearm. I would expect overwhelming bipartisan support for our legislation.
will be holding a press conference today at 2:30 pm to introduce The NICS Reporting Improvement Act of 2013.   The legislation, which will be co-sponsored by Senators Mark Begich (D-Alaska), Jeff Flake (R-Arizon) and Mark Pryor (D-Arkansas) clarifies the circumstances under which a person loses the right to receive or possess firearms based on mental illness.    You can watch live online at the following links:  WCBD  http://www.counton2.com/category/259339/news-2-livestream  WCSC Live5News  http://www.live5news.com/category/219058/live-stream  WCIV ABCNews4  http://www.abcnews4.com/category/193350/wciv-live-stream
will be speaking with Face The Nation this morning about foreign policy, sequestration, gun control and other issues facing our nation.
This is a major economic announcement for South Carolina as about one in every five jobs is tied – directly or indirectly – to the Port of Charleston. This new Inland Port will dramatically expand the economic ties between the Upstate and Lowcountry, creating greater efficiencies for Upstate businesses getting their goods to market. I commend Jim Newsome and the State Ports Authority for their vision, as this investment will help grow our economy and create jobs. -- U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham
was recognized by the American Conservative Union (ACU) for his conservative voting record.  The group honored him as an ‘ACU Conservative.’ 
 
 “Senator Graham’s ACU rating of ‘92’ for votes cast in 2012 shows a consistent commitment to conservative principles on a wide range of issues,” said  Al Cardenas, Chairman, American Conservative Union.
 
 The Senate, on average, voted the conservative position 39.28 percent of the time in 2012.
 
 Among the conservative votes Graham cast that were part of the group’s 2012 scorecard:
 
 •	Approving construction of the Keystone XL pipeline from Canada.
 •	Increasing domestic energy production through new oil and gas leases throughout the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS).
 •	Opposing the National Labor Relations Board’s union-backed snap elections limiting workers’ rights.
 •	Prohibiting the transfer of terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay to the United States. 
 •	Opposing the major expansion of welfare programs under the Obama Administration.
NA
Right now, the Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on the Feinstein Assault Weapons Ban.  As for my view, the assault weapons ban didn't work then. It's not going to work now. I will oppose it.
I opposed the nomination of Chuck Hagel to serve as our next Secretary of Defense.  The position of Secretary of Defense is one of the most important jobs in our government. There were other, more capable choices available and I regret President Obama did not choose one of them.    Having said this, I do believe it is the President’s prerogative to pick his Cabinet and I will work with Senator Hagel to ensure our defense at home and security around the globe is not diminished.    I’m disappointed not one Democrat stepped forward to express concerns about Senator Hagel’s views on Israel and Iran.  I believe from his past actions, he has shown antagonism toward the State of Israel. In these dangerous times, his nomination sends the worst possible signal to our enemies in Iran.    I continue to have serious questions about whether Chuck Hagel is up to the job of being our Secretary of Defense. I hope, for the sake of our own national security, he exceeds expectations.
will be receiving the Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life this morning at 10 am.    The Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life was created to annually recognize two political figures, one liberal and one conservative, who argue passionately but with civility for their beliefs.
will be speaking with The Huckabee Show about Senator Chuck Hagel's nomination to be Secretary of Defense and why we must maintain a strong national defense.  The show airs on Saturday and Sunday nights at 8 pm.
Trey Gowdy and I today wrote Attorney General Eric Holder asking why the Department of Justice is prosecuting only a small fraction of the convicted felons and fugitives from justice who are failing background checks under the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS).  • 76,142 individuals failed a gun purchase background check in 2010. • 19 percent of the denials (13,862) were based on the applicant being a fugitive from justice.  • Another 2.5 percent (1,923) involved felons and unlawful firearms possession.   • Only 13 of the 76,142 failed background checks resulted in guilty pleas.  While we understand that not every denial needs to be prosecuted, every case involving a fugitive from justice or felon in possession of a firearm should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
will be visiting Easley today and speaking with members of the Easley Rotary Club.
The President of the United States did not make any phone call to any government officials in Libya during the entire eight hours our mission was under attack.  The letter from the White House acknowledges President Obama called government officials in Libya on September the 12th after everyone was dead.
NA
President Obama has a chance to enforce existing gun laws in a way that would make us all safer. We don't need a cheerleader right now for new gun laws. We need somebody to enforce the laws we have.
The President's speech tonight, was more big government at a time when we need less. His economic policies are hurting our economy and he seems to have an insatiable appetite for taxation.  In addition, President Obama also did not seriously address the foreign policy and national security challenges of our time. Radical Islam is on the rise and his decision to leave Iraq without any troops is coming back to haunt us. I am afraid his plan on Afghanistan will do the same. Our friend and close ally Israel has never needed us more. And every day that goes by where we don't address the Iranian desire to acquire nuclear weapons is a bad day for peace-loving people around the world.  In President Obama's second term, I intend to work with him where I can -- starting with immigration reform and stronger border security -- and say no when I must.
NA
At 10 am this morning, a Senate Judiciary Subcommittee will hold another hearing on gun control.
Did President Obama at any time during this eight-hour attack pick up the phone and call anybody in Libya to get help for these folks?
GRAHAM: Your testimony, as I understand it, Secretary Panetta, that you talked with the president of the United States one time?  PANETTA:  I talked -- talked to him on September 11th with regard to the fact that we were aware this attack was taking place.   GRAHAM:  One time?  PANETTA:  Right.   GRAHAM:  What time did you tell him that?   PANETTA:  I think that was approximately about 5:00 -- about 5:00.  GRAHAM:  General Dempsey, did you ever talk to the president of the United States at all?   PANETTA:  I was with the Secretary when -- at that same time.   GRAHAM:  Did you talk to the president?   DEMPSEY:  Yes.   GRAHAM:  You talked to him how many times?   DEMPSEY:  The same, one time.   GRAHAM:  How long did the conversation last?   DEMPSEY:  We were there in the office for probably 30 minutes.   GRAHAM:  So you talked to him for 30 minutes, one time, and you never talked to him again, neither one of you?  DEMPSEY:  Until afterwards.  GRAHAM:  Until after the attack was over.   DEMPSEY:  That's right.
Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta will testify on Benghazi this morning at 10 am.
spoke with Governor Mike Huckabee earlier today about the Hagel nomination as Secretary of Defense and the legality of a drone strike to kill al-Qaeda leader Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen.
Chuck Hagel is a good man, but these are dangerous times. What kind of signal are we sending to the Iranians when our nominee for Secretary of Defense seems clueless about what our policy is? I hope the Obama Administration will reconsider his nomination.
will be speaking with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 pm about Thursday's hearing on Benghazi with Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta.
Attached is a letter I sent to President Obama requesting he personally intervene in the case of Pastor and American citizen Saeed Abedini, who was unfairly sentenced to 8 years in an Iranian prison.    I believe the case of Pastor Abedini deserves President Obama's full attention and engagement. It is imperative he personally add his voice to those calling for Pastor Abedini’s immediate and unconditional release.
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham is in Munich, Germany this weekend to attend the 49th Annual Munich Security Conference (https://www.securityconference.de/1/).  Earlier this morning, Graham visited BMW Headquarters to discuss the strong and beneficial relationship between BMW and the state of South Carolina.
NA
NA
Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun control is streaming now.
Please "Share" this update with your Friends on Facebook.  In anticipation of tomorrow’s hearing on gun control, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and I instructed our staffs to work to ensure various unloaded firearms, under law enforcement supervision, could be brought into the hearing.    Our goal is simple - to educate fellow Senators and members of the public how and why firearms are used by millions of law-abiding Americans for self-defense, hunting, and sporting purposes.  We also want to shatter the mistaken belief that guns in the hands of law-abiding citizens are a danger to society.    It is every bit as important we make that distinction as it is to note that one gun in the hand of mentally-deranged individual is one too many.    Our offices worked with various officials in local and federal law enforcement, as well as the Senate Sergeant at Arms, but it appears that the requirements to secure the weapons at the hearing are so impractical as to be unworkable.    Not having a full, honest, and open debate about firearms will only lead to further disenchantment and frustration by the American people on this important topic.
Is President Obama today going to say there's no need to link a pathway to citizenship to border security?  Mr. President, the last time we provided a pathway to citizenship and didn't secure our border was in 1986. We're never going to do that again. We're never going to allow people to have a legal status until we secure our border.
will be speaking with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 pm about Secretary Clinton's testimony on Benghazi and the immigration reform framework introduced today.
I hope the third time is the charm.  I have enjoyed working with my Senate colleagues in drafting these principles and believe we are off to a good start. The bipartisan immigration principles represent a real breakthrough on substance and I hope they will be seen as a breakthrough in forming a political coalition to finally solve our immigration problems. The coalition must also include the President and the House of Representatives.   My hope is immigration reform will start in the Senate and receive an overwhelming bipartisan vote. We’re a long way from having legislative language but I do believe 2013 presents us the best chance to pass immigration reform in many years.    The time is right and the way forward, while difficult is being better defined by the day, and with a reasonable amount of political give and take we will be successful. However, if for some reason we fail in our efforts to pass comprehensive immigration reform I do believe it will be many years before anyone is willing to try and solve this problem.   We should start this new attempt hopeful and with full understanding how difficult the task is.
I was informed by Senator Chambliss earlier today that he would not seek reelection. I received this news with great sadness and disappointment because Saxby is one of my best friends in or out of politics.   I know this was a difficult decision for Saxby and Julianne, but I understand their desire to spend time with their wonderful family and enter into a new phase of their lives.   Saxby Chambliss is one of the Senate’s strongest voices on national security, and is incredibly respected both for his intellect and gentlemanly nature. His decision not to seek reelection is a great loss for the United States Senate.    I am confident that Saxby will continue to aggressively represent the people of Georgia and our nation as a whole until his last day in office.    The Chambliss family are my dearest friends and have served the people of Georgia well.
The recent tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School is heartbreaking and beyond words. However, the gun control plans brought forward by President Obama fail to address the real issues and I’m confident there will be bipartisan opposition to his proposal.  One bullet in the hands of a homicidal maniac is one too many.  But in the case of a young mother defending her children against a home invader -- a real-life event which recently occurred near Atlanta -- six bullets may not be enough. Criminals aren’t going to follow legislation limiting magazine capacity. However, a limit could put law-abiding citizens at a distinct disadvantage when confronting a criminal.    As for reinstating the assault weapons ban, it has already been tried and failed.    Finally, when it comes to protecting our schools, I believe the best way to confront a homicidal maniac who enters a school is for them to be met by armed resistance from a trained professional.
The Obama Administration better tread lightly on the issue of using Executive Orders to implement gun control measures. Gun control by Executive Order could be a power grab that won’t go down well with Congress or the American people.
I have not forgotten about the Benghazi debacle and still have many questions about what transpired before, during and after the attack on our consulate.   In that regard, I do not believe we should confirm anyone as Director of the CIA until our questions are answered - like who changed Ambassador Susan Rice’s talking points and deleted the references to Al-Qaeda?    My support for a delay in confirmation is not directed at Mr. Brennan, but is an unfortunate, yet necessary action to get information from this Administration.   I have tried – repeatedly – to get information on Benghazi but my requests have been repeatedly ignored.
Tim Scott is well-prepared for the tasks that lie ahead and will hit the ground running in the U.S. Senate. He is a strong fiscal, social and national security conservative. Tim is also one of the most decent people I have ever met in politics.   I look forward to working with him as part of an effective team protecting the taxpayer, getting our nations fiscal house in order, and protecting our state’s interests.
Earlier today, Graham attended a reception for new South Carolina Senator Tim Scott and visited new 7th District Congressman Tom Rice's office.
When it comes to raising the debt ceiling, we should not borrow any more money until we address why we're in debt.  That means entitlement reform, adjusting the age of retirement for Medicare, means testing Medicare and Social Security and CPI adjustments for the rate of inflation. That's what I want to raise the debt ceiling.
NA
Last night, the Senate passed legislation, which prevents the expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts for 99 percent of Americans. Without this legislation, there will be a dramatic increase in every American’s taxes.   Additionally, without this legislation, draconian cuts to our national defense will take place. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta has said these cuts would be like “shooting ourselves in the head.”   Finally, this legislation reverses the President’s decision to give Congress a pay raise.  While it is unfortunate the President refused to discuss spending cuts in this legislation, he will not have that luxury in the upcoming debt limit debate. The debt limit debate will be our best opportunity to get a handle on the out of control spending, which will bankrupt our nation if left unaddressed.  I have repeatedly made it clear I will not vote to raise the debt ceiling unless we address why we are going further in debt. The time has come for the President to face up to the need to control federal spending and the growth of entitlements.  If we do not change course in our spending habits, the United States will become Greece.
