Rubio Welcomes Signing Of Venezuela Sanctions Bill Into Law: http://www.rubio.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=89c1a552-fe17-4499-9a7a-d5fba957a58c  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) welcomed today’s signing of S. 2142, the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, into law by President Obama.   Rubio, one of the bill’s sponsors, issued the following statement:   “After almost a year of trying to achieve this important measure as a response to Nicolas Maduro’s violent crackdown on innocent Venezuelans, I'm glad these sanctions against corrupt human rights violators in Venezuela are finally the law. Now it’s important that the sanctions be swiftly implemented to help send a message to the Venezuelan people that the American people are on their side as they seek democracy, freedom and respect for human rights.”   Background    S. 2142 directs the President to apply targeted visa and financial sanctions against individuals, including members of the government, public security forces, and armed civilian groups, who have perpetrated, ordered or directed acts of violence or human rights abuses against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela, or have directed or ordered the arrest or prosecution of a person primarily because of the person’s legitimate exercise of freedom of expression or assembly. S. 2142 also calls for a report on obstacles to access objective media content in Venezuela, current efforts by the U.S. government to address these challenges, and a strategy for expanding existing programs.
ICYMI: Rubio: New #Cuba Policy Is A Victory For Oppression
Rubio Holds Press Conference On Changes In U.S. Policy Toward Cuba : http://youtu.be/65s3jmfLy1I
Senator Rubio Marks The Start Of #Hanukkah
Senator Rubio spoke on the Senate floor last night to discuss the omnibus spending bill and the importance of restoring the American Dream:
Last night, Senator Rubio spoke on the Senate floor to discuss the future of U.S. foreign policy:
ICYMI: Rubio: Congress Must Enable The President To Stop The Islamic State
ICYMI: Miami Herald: Rubio Welcomes End Of Baseless U.S. Department Of Education Investigation Into Florida Bright Futures Scholarship  Florida did not violate anti-discrimination laws by using standardized test scores to award Bright Futures scholarships, the U.S. Department of Education has found.   The department’s Office for Civil Rights had been investigating the Bright Futures program, which awards college scholarships based on grade point average and SAT or ACT scores. The probe was based on allegations that the eligibility criteria had the effect of discriminating against Hispanic and African-American students.   But federal authorities found “insufficient evidence of a legal violation” and concluded the investigation Wednesday, according to a memo addressed to Florida Education Commissioner Pam Stewart and obtained by the Herald/Times.   U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican who opposed the probe, said he was glad federal authorities had ended the “baseless investigation.”   “The Bright Futures program has helped thousands of Florida’s top students finance their college educations and given them the foundation for successful careers,” Rubio said in a statement.   …   Dropping the requirement and funding scholarships for all eligible students would cost Florida too much money, federal authorities wrote in the report. And dropping the requirement and increasing other academic eligibility requirement, such as the minimum GPA, might also eliminate significant portions of black and Hispanic students.   Responding to Wednesday’s report, Rubio, a former speaker of the Florida House, stressed that every decision about Bright Futures had been made “entirely on setting priorities in the face of budgetary constraints, not with any regard to race or with any intent to include or exclude students of any particular background as this federal investigation suggested.”   Rubio said he hoped future decisions about the program would be handled at the state and local level.   …
Rubio Comments After House Passage Of Venezuela Sanctions Bill   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) welcomed today’s passage by the U.S. House of Representatives of S. 2142, The Venezuela Human Rights and Defense of Civil Society Act. Having also passed in the Senate on Monday evening, the bill now awaits the President’s signature to become law.   Rubio issued the following statement:  “With these sanctions, we can end the days of Venezuelan regime officials and thugs repressing innocent Venezuelans in their day jobs and then coming to Florida to live in the lap of luxury and splurge Venezuela’s wealth. This is the first step to address human rights violations in Venezuela, and it will be a blow to the hypocrites in Nicolás Maduro’s regime who talk a lot about socialist sacrifice but who themselves are immune from its failures and live in a fantasy world of gold-plated iPads and fancy cars, even though most Venezuelans can’t even find basic necessities like food and toilet paper.   “Although passing this sanctions legislation is important, it’s only the first step in our work supporting the human rights and democratic aspirations of the Venezuelan people. As Venezuela’s economy and society further deteriorates under the weight of an incompetent, unaccountable and repressive government, failed socialist economic system and dropping oil prices, I believe we are going to see even more repression from Maduro’s regime.”
Rubio Sobre Aprobación De Sanciones Contra Venezuela En La Cámara Baja:   “Con estas sanciones, podemos poner fin a los días en que individuos del régimen violan los derechos humanos del pueblo venezolano durante la semana y luego se pasan sus vacaciones en la Florida viviendo de lujo y malgastando la riqueza de Venezuela. Este primer paso lo sentirán los hipócritas del régimen de Nicolás Maduro que hablan tanto del sacrificio socialista, pero que viven exentos de los fracasos de este sistema, y dentro de un mundo de fantasía con iPads forradas en oro y carros de lujo, todo esto mientras que al pueblo venezolano le cuesta trabajo encontrar las necesidades básicas como comida y papel sanitario.   “Aunque estas sanciones son importantes, solo es el primer paso en nuestro trabajo apoyando los derechos humanos y las aspiraciones democráticas del pueblo venezolano. Vamos a seguir viendo el empeoramiento de la economía y la sociedad venezolana bajo el peso de un gobierno incompetente, irresponsable y represivo – y también bajo el peso de un fracasado sistema socialista y la caída de los precios de petróleo. Debido a todo esto, tenemos que estar preparados para ver aún más represión en el futuro de parte del régimen de Maduro”.
Rubio Comments On Obamacare Bailout Provisions: http://1.usa.gov/1Ge7jIA  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the original sponsor of S.2214, the Obamacare Taxpayer Bailout Protection Act, today issued the following statement regarding the Obamacare bailout provisions in the omnibus spending bill released last night:   “For over a year, I’ve fought to protect Americans from having to fund massive bailouts to protect the profits of the insurance companies that helped write Obamacare. While there is much in this massive spending measure that is simply bad for America, at least the provisions protecting against a taxpayer-funded bailout of insurance companies are a step in the right direction. While the Obama administration can still administer the risk-corridor program, for one year at least, they won’t be able to use taxpayer funds to bail out insurance companies. When Congress returns next year, I will fight to permanently repeal the risk corridor provisions to protect taxpayers after the current legislation expires.”   In October, Rubio and his colleagues sent a letter to Speaker Boehner urging him to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments that expose taxpayers to an Obamacare bailout.
Rubio Comments On Senate’s Passage Of Coast Guard Reauthorization: http://1.usa.gov/1x37o04  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Ranking Member of the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries and the Coast Guard, today welcomed the Senate’s unanimous passage of legislation to reauthorize the U.S. Coast Guard through FY 2015.    Among the legislation’s measures are two provisions Rubio championed that would make it easier for veterans to be hired in the maritime industry, as well as a three year exemption for small commercial vessels from unnecessary regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).   “Florida's maritime industry is a national leader in economic opportunity and job creation, and we need to do all we can to eliminate unnecessary job obstacles that veterans face when transitioning back to civilian careers in this sector,” said Rubio. “Including this pro-veterans policy in this legislation is something that will make a real difference to our returning heroes.   “We should also act to make sure small commercial fishing vessels have some relief for the coming year that the EPA won’t crush their businesses with burdensome regulations,” added Rubio. “I remain committed to passing broader legislation that addresses more of the problems the EPA is unnecessarily causing commercial vessel owners, but this at least provides some temporary relief until we can pass a permanent solution next year.”   More specifically, the legislation includes a Rubio-championed provision that will streamline the mariner certification process for veterans by allowing for relevant military experience to count towards the certification. It also requires the Cabinet secretary overseeing the Coast Guard to maximize the extent to which U.S. Armed Forces service, training and qualifications are creditable toward meeting internal seafarer standards.
Senado Aprueba Sanciones Contra Régimen Venezolano
ICYMI: CNS: Rubio: Cradle of Christianity Is Losing Its Christians: http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/susan-jones/rubio-cradle-christianity-losing-its-christians-0   "Christians in the Middle East today are a fraction of what they were not so long ago," Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and others told a Senate hearing on Tuesday.   "If we continue on this pace, we're going to have a world where there are no Christian communities left in what was the cradle of Christianity."   Not only are Christians fleeing persecution, but their history is being "wiped out," including manuscripts, churches, and antiquities that can't be rebuilt, Rubio told Bishop Francis Kalabat, one of those testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee.   "You hit the nail on its head," said Bishop Kalabat, the leader of Detroit's Chaldean Catholic Diocese. "It's kind of like if there was an attack on Washington, D.C., and you destroy all the monuments. you know, there are just so -- not only symbolic, but this is the heart of our country. And so when you do that with a heart of a faith, then you have -- you're -- it's a targeted and a calculated attack to wipe out history.   "And we're always the pawns whenever there's any kind of sectarian religious conflict," he added.  ...
Rubio Comments After U.S. Senate Passes Venezuela Sanctions Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/12GABk6  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio tonight issued the following statement after the U.S. Senate passed by voice vote the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, which is sponsored by Rubio and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez (D-NJ):   “The U.S. stands with the Venezuelan people and against their oppressors in the regime of Nicolás  Maduro. This is a long overdue but important step to demonstrate America’s commitment to the human rights and democratic aspirations of the Venezuelan people in both words and actions. These sanctions will go after Maduro regime officials and thugs who have spent all of 2014 authorizing and carrying out assassinations, beatings, unjustified incarcerations, kangaroo court trials and absurd indictments of its political opponents and innocent Venezuelans demanding a better future.    “I congratulate my House colleagues, particularly Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Mario Diaz-Balart, for their work in passing Venezuela sanctions legislation earlier this year. Before this Congress adjourns, I am hopeful that, for all the challenges the Venezuelan people have faced this year, we can at least end it on a positive note by turning these sanctions into a law signed by the President and implemented by the administration.”
Rubio, Risch Statement On Senate Intelligence Committee Release Of Interrogation Study: http://1.usa.gov/1G8acuw  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Jim Risch (R-ID) issued the following statement regarding the impending declassification of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence release of a partisan report on CIA interrogation and detention programs:    “The one-sided report that will be released by Democrats on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence cost U.S. tax-payers over $40 million dollars to produce, and its authors never interviewed a single CIA official.     “It is unconscionable that the Committee and the White House would support releasing this report despite warnings from our allies, the U.S. State Department, and a new coordinated Intelligence Community document assessing the increased risk to the United States the release of this report poses. We are concerned that this release could endanger the lives of Americans overseas, jeopardize U.S. relations with foreign partners, potentially incite violence, create political problems for our allies, and be used as a recruitment tool for our enemies. Simply put, this release is reckless and irresponsible. We have written to the administration reminding them of these concerns.     “Congress has a legitimate and necessary role to play in conducting serious and constructive oversight of our intelligence agencies and capabilities. This report does not qualify as either serious or constructive. This was a partisan effort that divided members of the committee, and the committee against the people of the CIA. We voted against this report because it is flawed, and voted against declassifying this report because we believed that its release could put American lives at risk, be used to contribute to propaganda against the United States by our enemies, and damage U.S. foreign policy and counterterrorism efforts.    “The American civilian and uniformed personnel who worked tirelessly in the days and months after the September 11, 2001 attacks on our nation to keep us safe and prevent another mass casualty event deserve our eternal gratitude, not politically–motivated attacks. As a nation at war, we need a coherent detention and interrogation policy in order to extract valuable intelligence about terrorist networks from captured operatives. The Obama Administration has no detention policy, and it has hindered U.S. efforts to fight terrorism globally.”
Rubio Delivers Remarks Honoring Florida’s Pearl Harbor Veterans: http://1.usa.gov/1A9n3si  Rubio: "Pearl Harbor wasn’t just a day of infamy, it was also a day that revealed the greatness of our ancestors – people like Major Braddock, Chief Petty Officer Myrick, and Commander Sullivan. It’s their blood that flows in the veins of this country, that serves as our heritage and reveals our destiny."
Central Florida News 13: Vets Appreciate Senator Rubio Outreach Event: http://youtu.be/TZHNBr55hRY
Rubio Congratulates NASA On Success Of Orion Test Flight: http://1.usa.gov/1vUGBA5  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the successful test flight of NASA’s Orion spacecraft from Kennedy Space Center:   “I’d like to congratulate NASA, Florida’s entire space community and all the dedicated Americans who worked to make Friday’s test flight of the Orion spacecraft an overwhelming success. The Exploration Flight Test 1 mission was an important step forward in mankind’s quest to discover and explore the solar system, and in our country’s goal of one day leaving boot prints on Mars. It’s a testament to American ingenuity and only the latest of many recent glimpses into what lies ahead for the American people in the 21st century.”
Rubio: Honda Air Bag Recall A Welcome Step In Interest Of Public Safety: http://1.usa.gov/1vlob7W  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, issued the following statement regarding Honda Motor Co.’s announcement that it will expand its recall of cars with Takata driver’s side air bags to all 50 states:   “Honda is right to take decisive action to ensure that all its customers, regardless of where they live, can receive the appropriate repairs to keep them safe from these defective airbags. Whenever there are serious doubts about product safety, automobile manufacturers should err on the side of taking whatever steps necessary to protect their consumers.”   During a commerce committee hearing last month, Rubio questioned manufacturers regarding air bag safety and whether passengers in states not covered by the recall of the time were safe.
Rubio: Venezuelan Regime’s Indictment Of Leading Opposition Leader A Travesty: http://1.usa.gov/1wtIK8N  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio issued the following statement regarding today’s announcement that the government of Nicolás Maduro has indicted Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado:   “In Venezuela, the courts are rigged, judges are government pawns and justice is impossible to achieve, which is what makes Maria Corina Machado’s indictment such a travesty. The suggestion that she participated in a plot to kill Nicolás Maduro would be laughable except for the fact that the regime is using it as the basis to indict her.   “Maduro’s actions against political opponents like Ms. Machado are possible because of his efforts to subvert the independence of Venezuelan institutions, including the justice system. For example, 80 percent of Venezuelan judges and 95 percent of public prosecutors serve under a provisional status that allows Maduro to appoint them or remove them at his discretion. Other supposedly independent human rights guarantors in the Venezuelan system, such as the ombudsman, have failed to condemn the blatant human rights abuses that have taken place throughout 2014.   “When are the regime thugs responsible for at least 43 deaths and hundreds of injuries in Venezuela this year going to be brought to justice? Before the year ends, Congress should pass the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. It’s long overdue that the U.S. government impose visa bans and financial asset freezes against people involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela, as well as those involved in the arrest or prosecution of a person due to their legitimate exercise of freedom of expression or assembly. The Obama Administration should also use its existing authorities to immediately impose financial sanctions on individuals involved in this travesty, as well as other human rights violations by the Maduro regime since February 2014.”
On 5th Anniversary Of Alan Gross’ Imprisonment, Rubio Calls For His Unconditional Release: http://1.usa.gov/1yLa4xv  “For five years, an American citizen has been held hostage by the Castro regime simply for helping the Jewish community in Cuba access the Internet. Alan Gross should never have been imprisoned by the Castro regime. All free people and free nations around the world have a moral duty to advocate for Alan Gross’ immediate, unconditional freedom, and make clear that the freedom to access and communicate via an uncensored Internet is a fundamental human right.   “This anniversary of Alan Gross’ imprisonment is the latest reminder that the Cuban regime remains as repressive as ever. Just last week, Castro regime thugs stabbed several Ladies In White, and beat or detained other peaceful dissidents. Unilateral concessions by the U.S. government to the Castro regime will help fund more human rights violations, and keep real freedom further out of reach for the Cuban people.   “Today, I join people in the U.S. and around the world in praying for Alan Gross’ physical and psychological well-being. And I urge the Obama Administration to step up its efforts against the Castro regime with the goal of securing Alan Gross’ unconditional release.”
Rubio Highlights Impact Of Domestic Violence In Professional Sports: http://youtu.be/PVib1icRIKY  Rubio: “[Football] is not just a sport that’s played on a field three hours at a time. This actually has deep impacts throughout society. And there are millions of young – especially young boys –  but young Americans who look up to these players. And whatever happens or does not happen with them has a deep impact on them.”
Senator Rubio marks World AIDS Day: http://1.usa.gov/12k5CKn  As we mark World AIDS Day, we are reminded that more than 35 million people around the world are living with HIV or AIDS. This is a disease that does not discriminate. It impacts the lives of people on all continents, of all races, and from all socioeconomic backgrounds.   However, today is also a reminder of the progress we've made in combatting this vicious disease. Due to advances in medical science over recent years, as well as the humanitarian commitment of the American people, there are millions of people receiving HIV medications and living longer, more productive lives that would otherwise be without hope.   Americans should feel proud of what we have achieved in combatting AIDS. Great credit goes to President George W. Bush for establishing the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), and Congress for continuing to fund it. But the battle is not finished. We’ve seen infection rates climb in recent years among certain demographics, including minority communities and young women.   Our goal in the 21st century is to have an AIDS-free generation.  To achieve this goal, we need to maintain a spirit of generosity and compassion, both as a nation and as individuals. With our personal efforts and with continued medical ingenuity, I believe we'll live to see AIDS eradicated from the face of the earth.
ICYMI: Rubio: Raise Ladders Of Opportunity
More than 29 million Americans have diabetes. As we mark #AmericanDiabetesMonth, learn what you can do to help prevent and cure diabetes.
As we prepare for Thanksgiving, it is important to give to those in our communities who need our help with food, shelter and care. Last week, I visited Miami Rescue Mission, where I served dinner to 840 people and toured the facility to learn more about the important work it does for our communities. For 92 years, Miami Rescue Mission has provided hope to the homeless and needy by offering meals, shelter and life-changing programs. We are especially thankful for their service during this holiday season.
As National #Alzheimers Disease Awareness Month comes to an end, we are reminded of the importance of raising awareness & advancing research.
Rubio Comments On Resignation Of Secretary Of Defense Hagel: http://1.usa.gov/1vGhsvZ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the resignation of Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel:   “I appreciate Secretary Hagel’s service to our country, from his time in the Army decades ago in Vietnam through his tenure as secretary of defense. I have many concerns with President Obama’s national security policies and it is not clear to me that all of this administration’s failings fall at Secretary Hagel’s feet. I hope that this is just the beginning of a shakeup of the President’s national security team to bring fresh perspectives to the unprecedented challenges we as a nation face.    “The next secretary of defense will take over a department that is suffering greatly from the impact of sequestration. Our military readiness and ability to modernize and innovate to meet future challenges are being put at risk. We need a bold leader who will speak frankly to the White House and Congress about the need to end sequestration and get the department back on track. We also need someone capable of developing a strategy to defeat ISIL and consolidate the gains our men and women in uniform have made in Afghanistan. Instead of basing military strategy solely on politics, our next secretary of defense needs to be willing to tell the President and the American people the tough truth about what will be required to succeed in those conflicts.    “I hope that whomever the President nominates to succeed Secretary Hagel meets these qualifications.”
Rubio Comments On Iran Nuclear Talks Extension: http://1.usa.gov/11Pnhcz  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the recent extension of the Iran nuclear talks:    “Iran was only brought to the negotiating table through tough sanctions and we need to once again increase the pressure on Iran in the weeks and months ahead to force the regime to abandon its nuclear weapons program.    “Papering over what appear to be significant differences and once again extending talks with Iran will not achieve the goal of a nuclear-weapon-free Iran. During the course of these negotiations, Iran has received billions of dollars in sanctions relief, bolstering its economy.   “The Iranian regime’s track record as the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism and an abuser of the Iranian people has not changed. From the outcome of this latest round, it also appears that Iran’s leadership remains unwilling to give up their nuclear ambitions. None of this will change in the coming months unless we return to the pressure track that originally brought Iran to the table.    “Endless negotiations and additional concessions will not achieve the desired outcome of an Iran without nuclear weapons that is no longer a threat to its own people and its neighbors. I will continue working in the Senate to significantly increase the pressure on Iran on all fronts - nuclear, terrorism and human rights - before it’s too late.”
Rubio Comments On President Obama’s Immigration Executive Orders: http://1.usa.gov/1p44SDZ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s executive orders on immigration:    “We need immigration reform. But the right way to do it is to first bring illegal immigration under control by securing the borders and enforcing the laws, then modernizing our legal immigration system. After we do these things, we will eventually have to deal with those here illegally in a reasonable but responsible way. The President’s actions now make all of this harder and are unfair to people in our immigration system who are doing things the right way.”   In an August letter to the President, Rubio highlighted the adverse impact unilateral action will have on any progress toward real reform, and laid out the steps necessary to achieve immigration reform.
Thanks to Pope Francis and the Vatican for shining light on autism this week, and giving hope to many parents and children.
During Committee Hearing, Rubio Seeks Answers On Defective Takata Airbags, Safety Of Vehicles
Rubio, Colleagues Introduce Ebola Visa Ban Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/1p3f67o  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced the Keeping America Safe from Ebola Act of 2014, legislation to impose common sense travel restrictions by creating a temporary visa ban for nationals who are habitual residents of a country that the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) has designated as a country with “widespread transmission of Ebola.” Aid workers and foreign military who must travel to the United States would be exempted.    Co-sponsors of the bill include Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Pat Roberts (R-KS), John Thune (R-SD) and Mark Kirk (R-IL).   Companion legislation was introduced in the House today by U.S. Representative Mike Kelly (R-PA).  “Imposing travel restrictions is a common sense approach to protecting Americans from Ebola,” said Rubio. “Over the past few months, we’ve seen Ebola’s deadly reach, and air travel has proven to be its gateway to the United States.    “A temporary visa ban aims to limit the spread of Ebola by placing strict limitations on travel to the U.S. from Ebola-affected countries and protect Americans from any potential threats of an outbreak, but it does not mean that our efforts to combat the virus will stop there,” added Rubio. “America must remain committed to this international challenge by addressing it at its source and increasing our assistance to countries that continue struggling to contain this deadly outbreak. America will not be completely safe from Ebola until the virus is contained at its source.”
Senators Urge Administration To Work With Congress To End Iran’s Nuclear Threat: http://1.usa.gov/14QQohG  Washington, D.C. – In light of the administration’s reported plans to circumvent Congress and unilaterally reach a nuclear deal with Iran, U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Mark Kirk (R-IL) today led a group of 43 senators in urging President Obama to work with Congress on reaching an agreement that will decisively end Iran’s nuclear threat.   In a letter to President Obama, the senators highlighted the negative consequences of a weak nuclear deal to the United States, and urged the President to insist that Iran meet the essential requirements previously outlined by Congress and the administration.   “We have watched with concern as your administration has hinted at ‘creative solutions’ that abandon the clear requirements of U.N. Security Council Resolutions, and shifted course away from essential requirements Congress has stressed in order to meet Iran’s unreasonable demands,” the senators wrote. “Your negotiators appear to have disregarded clear expressions from the Senate emphasizing the need for a multi-decade agreement requiring Iran to fully suspend its enrichment and reprocessing activities, to dismantle its illicit nuclear infrastructure, and completely disclose its past work on nuclear weaponization.”   “Given Iran’s growing nuclear and non-nuclear threats, we therefore urge your administration to firmly insist that Iran meet the requirements that Congress and members of your administration have previously outlined,” the senators added. “The negative consequences of a bad deal to the United States are immense, and will impact the security and safety of Americans and send a message of U.S. weakness to our allies and partners in the Middle East and beyond, including Israel.”
Rubio Secures Administration’s Support For Venezuela Sanctions, But Questions Remain About Policy Toward Colombia And Cuba: http://1.usa.gov/1p1BCgY  Washington, D.C. – During a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing today, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) questioned President Obama’s deputy secretary of state nominee, Antony Blinken, regarding U.S. policy toward Venezuela, Colombia and Cuba.   In his testimony, Blinken announced that the Obama Administration now supports the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, a bill sponsored by Rubio authorizing sanctions on individuals involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela.    Regarding U.S. policy with respect to Colombia, Rubio asked whether the Obama Administration would ever consider commuting the sentences of Colombian drug traffickers currently imprisoned in the U.S.. Although the nominee pledged to consult closely with Rubio and the committee on such a policy, he did not categorically rule out the possibility.   Lastly, Rubio questioned Blinken about any future unilateral changes to U.S.-Cuba policy absent democratic reforms on the island nation. When given several opportunities to categorically rule out the possibility of unilateral changes to Cuba policy, Blinken demurred.   Following the hearing, Rubio issued the following statement:   “I am encouraged that the Obama Administration finally announced its support for legislation pending before the Senate that would impose visa and financial sanctions on individuals committing human rights abuses in Venezuela. In addition to the visa freezes the administration is already implementing against such individuals, they should immediately freeze the financial assets of these individuals. With respect to Colombia, it is important that the U.S. make clear that Colombian drug traffickers serving in U.S. prisons will serve out their sentences, regardless of what demands may be made in negotiations with the FARC. On Cuba, I am very concerned that President Obama’s nominee to be John Kerry’s deputy at the Department of State passed up several opportunities today to categorically rule out the possibility of unilateral changes to U.S. policy towards Cuba. Unless Cuba begins an irreversible democratic transformation, the U.S. should not reward the Castro regime with unilateral concessions from us that enrich the regime and help it repress millions of Cubans.”
Rubio, Murkowski Introduce Legislation To Protect Small Commercial Vessels From Onerous EPA Regulations: http://1.usa.gov/1p1xsps  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Ranking Member of the Senate Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries and the Coast Guard, and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) today introduced a bill to temporarily exempt small commercial vessels from unnecessary regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for one year.   Given that the current small commercial vessels exemption from proposed EPA regulations expires on December 18, 2014, this bill aims to protect small vessels from these regulations until broader legislation, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, can be passed in the new Congress.   “We need to provide all shippers and other vessel owners engaged in interstate commerce with greater certainty that an overreaching and increasingly unaccountable EPA won’t crush their businesses with burdensome regulations,” said Rubio. “While I remain committed to passing broader legislation that addresses more of the problems the EPA is unnecessarily causing commercial vessel owners, this Congress should at least pass this temporary relief measure until we can pass a permanent solution next year. Once the new Congress convenes, one of the first pieces of legislation I will file will be these critical protections for our fishing and shipping fleet.”
ICYMI: Rubio: U.S.-Colombia Partnership Should Be Strengthened  Rubio: "During my recent visit to Colombia, I was often asked what the new Republican majorities in Congress mean for the future of the U.S.-Colombia alliance. The simple answer is that the American people remain as supportive as ever of the Colombian people's aspirations to build a safer and more prosperous republic after a half century of armed conflict against violent narco-terrorist groups. This new Congress should now re-invigorate the U.S.-Colombia partnership at a time when recent security and economic gains have brought the promise of a lasting peace within reach."
Today, we mark World Pancreatic Cancer Day and continue the fight against the 4th leading cause of cancer-related death.
ICYMI: Rubio: Honoring Our Veterans – In Words And Deeds:   "On this Veterans Day, we give thanks to all the brave men and women who have served our nation in uniform, as well as their families who have sacrificed so much."
Rubio Comments On President Obama’s Net Neutrality Announcement: http://1.usa.gov/1uXoqfQ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, issued the following statement today regarding President Obama’s call for increased Internet regulation:   “The Internet is one of the greatest economic stories in all of history, one whose openness has given people unprecedented opportunities to innovate and create jobs. President Obama’s announced support for more government regulation of the Internet threatens to restrict Internet growth and increase costs on Internet users. Furthermore, applying heavy-handed Title II classification to Internet service sends the wrong message to international stakeholders that look to the United States for leadership in Internet governance, and undermines our support for an open Internet, free of government intervention.    “Instead of reclassifying Internet service under Title II of the Telecommunications Act, the FCC should allow Congress to update this law. I believe it should be a top priority of the new Congress to provide clarity on the FCC’s role in the modern communications landscape.”
ICYMI: Rubio Marks 25th Anniversary Of Fall Of The Berlin Wall  When I think of the Berlin Wall, I’m reminded of how thin the barrier is between freedom and oppression. It’s been that way throughout all of world history. A river or a mountain or a fence has often made the difference between a life of despair and a life of hope. But the Berlin Wall also reminds us that physical barriers are only part of the story. Freedom is also blocked by ideas, worldviews, and tyrants.     That’s why, 25 years ago today, it took more than sledgehammers and manpower to finally tear down the Berlin Wall – it took what Ronald Reagan called “the will and moral courage of free men and women.” It took the patient cries of an oppressed people, and leaders on both sides of the Atlantic who acted on their behalf with historic conviction.    ...
ICYMI: Rubio, Kirk: Iran’s Horrific Human-Rights Record: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/11/07/iran-s-horrific-human-rights-record.html#
Rubio Meets With Key Military Leaders, Concludes Official Trip To Colombia: http://1.usa.gov/112mrJZ  Washington, D.C. – During an official trip to Colombia on Thursday, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) met with key military leaders to discuss the importance of building a strong, lasting relationship between the U.S. and Colombia. Rubio’s trip concluded following his visits with Minister of Defense Juan Carlos Pinzón, lead peace negotiator Humberto de la Calle, and members of the Colombian National Police Special Operations Center in Pijaus, the U.S. Army Special Operations Forces, and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) office in Bogotá, among others.   Rubio issued the following statement:   “I’d like to thank the people and government of Colombia for their generous hospitality, as well as the entire team at the U.S. Embassy in Bogotá. America has a vested interest in Colombia’s security and economic prosperity, and it is my hope that we continue working together to build a strong U.S.-Colombia relationship that lasts well beyond this century.   “Colombia is America’s most capable and willing ally in Latin America. I am proud of the role the U.S. has played in helping Colombia’s armed forces and national police take back their country from the violence and terror that has gripped so much of Colombia for decades.    “I support the Government of Colombia’s efforts to rid their country, once and for all, from poisonous narcoterrorist organizations like the FARC and ELN, and I hope one day Colombians will be able to enjoy a real and lasting peace. The U.S. commitment to Colombia remains strong and it is vital for the security of the hemisphere that we maintain this important alliance.    “Florida is home to hundreds of thousands of Americans of Colombian descent, and Colombia is Florida’s second-largest foreign export market. Growing commerce between our countries is vital to continued economic growth and a vibrant middle class in both the U.S. and Colombia. And Colombia’s success is particularly important to Floridians, as so many Colombians have chosen to call Florida their home.    “I pledge to return to the Senate to ensure the U.S.-Colombia relationship remains strong, and a top priority of the new Senate and House majorities.”
During Official Visit To Colombia, Rubio Discusses Future Of U.S.-Colombian Relations: http://1.usa.gov/1ArNIoS  While on an official visit to Colombia, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) met with key leaders to discuss the future of U.S.-Colombian relations. During his first day in Colombia, Rubio met with Colombian Vice President Germán Vargas Lleras, Minister of Finance Mauricio Cardenas, former Colombian President Álvaro Uribe, and members of the Renacer Foundation - a non-profit organization to fight human trafficking.
Miami Herald: Senator Rubio to visit Colombia to talk trade, security:
Rubio Comments On GOP Victory In The Senate: http://1.usa.gov/1uuQh6J  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement after Republicans gained a Senate majority in the 2014 midterm elections:   “Voters across the country have sent a clear message that they are not ready to give up on the American Dream. The American people have elected a new crop of reformers to go to Washington, end the dysfunction and achieve real solutions to the many obstacles standing in the way of all people who are trying to achieve a better life.     “I hope President Obama will listen carefully to the message the American people sent him in this election, and work with Congress to solve the pressing issues facing all Americans. The American people deserve it.     “In the coming months, I look forward to working in a Senate Republican majority to advance the reform agenda I’ve presented this year to promote job creation and higher education, help people save for retirement, improve our anti-poverty programs, and rebuild and modernize our military to meet the challenges we’ll face throughout this century.”
As Breast Cancer Awareness Month winds down today, let us make a commitment to keep fighting this disease every single day of the year.
Reading With Kids Is Key To Their Success By Jeanette Rubio  This week, I was honored to visit students at Mary M. Bethune Elementary in Hollywood, FL, along with Hollywood Mayor Peter Bober, as part of “Read for the Record,” a national campaign by Jumpstart to promote literacy and early childhood education. I was one of millions of participants across the country using this day to highlight the importance of reading in the classroom and at home.  “Bunny Cakes” by Rosemary Wells was the book I was asked to read to a group of kindergarteners. It’s about two bunnies that get together to bake cakes for their grandmother’s birthday. To help bring the story to life, I was asked to wear a baker’s hat, which honestly felt a little funny at first – that is, until I walked into the classroom and saw the students’ faces filled with amusement. The ultimate reward of the day for me then came in seeing them listen attentively as I read the story, with several laughs along the way.  Since our four kids were babies, Marco and I have always made it a priority to read with them. Like so many kids and parents, Dr. Seuss was an early favorite in our house. Reading the Bible has also been a constant, along with whatever has been assigned at school. And as the years have passed, we’ve encouraged our kids’ own unique reading tastes, whether it’s about sports, horses, cheerleading or the reading classics we’ve all grown up with.  Like so many parents, we believe in reading because it helps kids in their development, nurtures their creativity, instills in them an interest in learning, and teaches them a skill that will ultimately affect their long-term success.  For allowing me to put this belief into action, I am thankful to Jumpstart, the Broward Children's Services Council, Broward County Public Schools and their partners for not only organizing these reading events but also providing over 40,000 copies of “Bunny Cakes” for children across Broward County to take and read at home. I am grateful to Bethune Elementary’s principal and teachers for welcoming me, and especially for the work they do every day to change the lives of their students.   And most of all, I am thankful to this wonderful group of students for warmly welcoming me to their classroom and allowing me to share in a day that reminds all of us of how important reading is for our kids.
ICYMI: Rubio Marks 50th Anniversary Of Reagan’s "A Time For Choosing": http://www.nationalreview.com/article/391249/speech-all-time-marco-rubio  ...  In the half century since that speech, some of the policy debates Reagan discussed have changed while others have not. But every single one of the principles he outlined is just as relevant today as in 1964. I believe the modern conservative movement can find its roots in that speech, but I also believe it can find its blueprint for the months and years ahead, starting with the election next week.   Republican candidates today have an opportunity — and an obligation — to do what Reagan did in 1964: explain exactly what makes America exceptional and exactly what will be required to keep her that way.   ...
Rubio Marks International Religious Freedom Day, Highlights Cases Of Religious Persecution Around The World: http://1.usa.gov/1yFRar7  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement marking International Religious Freedom Day and condemning examples of religious persecution around the world:   “Religious freedom is not just an American ideal, but a human one. On this International Religious Freedom Day, I stand in solidarity with everyone across the globe who is forced to practice their chosen faith in secret for fear of persecution, including in some cases, the threat of death.   “In 2013, the world witnessed the largest displacement of religious communities in recent memory, and the trend in 2014 has only gotten worse. Today is a day to not only remember international religious freedom, but a time to renew America’s commitment to advocating for religious freedom abroad, and our moral responsibility to speak out when it is threatened anywhere.   “Such is the case in China where Alimujiang Yimiti, a Muslim convert to Christianity, was sentenced to 15 years in prison in 2009 and is still being imprisoned ‘solely because of his faith.’ In Pakistan, Asia Bibi, a Christian woman, was sentenced to death in 2010 for blasphemy and has been languishing in a jail ever since as her husband and five children live under death threats and have been forced into hiding. In Iran, Saeed Abedini, a 32-year-old American citizen with dual Iranian citizenship, has been imprisoned since 2012, where he has received regular beatings resulting in severe internal bleeding, for practicing his Christian faith. In Burma, anti-Muslim violence fueled by Buddhist intolerance and xenophobia has provoked a humanitarian and human rights disaster with an estimated 900 Rohingyas fleeing the country per day. As awful as these examples of ruthless injustice are, perhaps nowhere has intolerance and evil combined to destroy people of faith more than it has in Iraq and Syria, where the Islamic State is engaged in a systemic effort to wipe out all religious minorities, including Christians.   “Protecting religious freedom around the world must be a top priority of our foreign-policy agenda. On this International Religious Freedom Day, I encourage all who love freedom to speak out against these offenses and stand tall for universal religious freedom. I also pray that, every American finds meaningful time to spend with family and friends in prayer and devotion, and in thanking God that we live in the freest country in human history.”
Rubio, Colleagues: Arms Sales To Vietnam Should Be Contingent On Human Rights Progress: http://1.usa.gov/1nAL5LC  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today led a group of senators in urging President Obama to rethink his decision to ease a decades-old arms embargo and instead condition U.S. arms sales to Vietnam upon specific progress to Vietnam’s human rights record.   In addition to Rubio, the letter was signed by Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), John Boozman (R-AR) and David Vitter (R-LA).   In their letter to the President, the senators expressed support for U.S. efforts to help improve Vietnam’s maritime defense capabilities given China’s aggressive territorial claims, but stated that such support should be contingent on a verifiable commitment from Vietnamese authorities to make specific progress on human rights and political reform in Vietnam.   “The U.S. has an interest in helping Vietnam improve its maritime defense capabilities, but such efforts will only be sustainable if accompanied by a verifiable commitment from the Vietnamese authorities to substantially improve their human rights record,” the senators wrote. “Such commitment could include the unconditional release of all independent journalists, bloggers, and democracy and labor activists; as well as the repeal of laws criminalizing peaceful dissent, such as articles 79, 87, 88, 89, 91, and 258.  Another positive signal by Vietnam would be to return estates and properties confiscated from churches and religious communities, and a verifiable end to the use of tax laws to prosecute the government’s critics.   “We urge you to reconsider your decision and to ensure that easing the arms embargo is tied to specific progress on human rights and political reform in Vietnam,” added the senators. “We stand ready to work with you to design a sustainable policy toward Vietnam that better advances the democratic aspirations of the Vietnamese people as well as our strategic interests.”
Rubio, Kirk: U.S. Support To Gaza Cannot Come At Israel’s Expense: http://1.usa.gov/ZGMxAN  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Mark Kirk (R-IL) today expressed concern over Secretary of State John Kerry’s recent announcement of more than $150 million of assistance to the United Nations Refugee and Works Agency (UNRWA), despite ongoing concerns about its conduct during the recent conflict in Gaza.   In a letter to Kerry, the senators highlighted three cases of rockets being found at UNRWA facilities as well as the absence of an independent investigation into its actions, and called on the Administration to assure Congress that U.S. assistance to the Gaza reconstruction effort will in no way aid extremists’ attacks against Israel.   “Given UNRWA’s record and the absence of an independent investigation into its actions during the conflict, we were dumbfounded when, on October 12th, you reiterated, without any qualification, that the United States would provide more than $150 million to UNRWA programs in Gaza,” wrote the senators. “This blind support sends the wrong message to an institution that has already become far too dependent on the largesse of the American taxpayer and repeatedly failed to ensure that its facilities and resources are not used by terrorists who wish to sow chaos and instability rather than aid the Palestinian people.   “The United States should assist the people of Gaza as they rebuild after yet another Hamas-caused conflict. But this support cannot come at the expense of Israel’s security,” added the senators. “We will not support the provision of future U.S. assistance to entities or projects in Gaza unless the State Department assures Congress that UNRWA or the relevant recipient entity has imposed independently audited accountability measures to verifiably prevent any U.S. assistance from aiding, directly or indirectly, extremists’ efforts to rearm or lay the groundwork for future attacks against Israel.”
Planting the SEED of opportunity  By Jeanette Rubio  Earlier this month, I had the opportunity to visit The SEED School of Miami. As a college-preparatory public boarding school, SEED Miami is the first of its kind in Florida and just the third in the country. My visit there included sitting in on a classroom lesson, as well as touring the community living areas and the students’ dormitories. But for me, it was the time I spent talking to two young students that left the biggest impression on me. Much like I do with my four children, we discussed everything from their favorite subjects to what they want to be when they grow up. They told me about life away from home, and what it is like living and learning at SEED.  I can't think of a better name for this school than SEED Miami, since every day it is planting in each of its 61 students a tiny seed of opportunity and potential. If showered with support, hard work, encouragement and determination, this seed will grow to show these students that anything is possible – no matter who they are or where they come from. Even in the face of adversity, these children are taught that they can do more than just survive. They can thrive.  Marco often talks about what the American Dream means to him. The American Dream is what defines us as Americans and what makes us a special country where kids can grow up to achieve anything. And it is a dream that children everywhere must be constantly reminded that they can achieve, and then given the tools to go out and make it happen. I’m happy to see schools like SEED Miami doing just that.   Here are some pictures from my visit:
Rubio To Kerry: Cuba Should Not Be Allowed To Undermine Summit Of Americas: http://1.usa.gov/1ta1Gqe   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today expressed concern over the Administration’s mixed messages to the Panamanian government regarding Cuba’s participation in the VII Summit of the Americas to be held in Panama.    In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, Rubio urged Kerry to stand by the democratic principles the U.S. formally committed to during the 2001 Summit in Quebec City, and argued that the Castro regime’s continued oppression and habitual human rights violations make Cuba ineligible to participate.   “Furthermore, allowing a country that is a habitual violator of human rights and has not allowed a free election in over 50 years would damage everything that the Summit wishes to accomplish. Cuba should not be allowed to undermine the commitment to democracy made by the remaining nations of the Western Hemisphere during the Summit process,” wrote Rubio. “Moreover, the United States should not stand idly by if Panama does indeed intend to invite Cuba to the Summit.”    “I urge you to reaffirm the United States’ position that Cuba should only be welcome to participate in the Summit when the Castro regime abandons its repression of the island’s population and to ensure that the nations of the Western Hemisphere are left with no doubt that the United States will stand firmly behind the formal commitment it made at the Quebec Summit,” added Rubio.
NBC Miami: Rubio Urges Calm, Offers Plan For Ebola: http://youtu.be/GgdQ_2OXxkE
Rubio Comments On Ebola Response: http://1.usa.gov/1waXeYd  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s selection of Ron Klain to coordinate the U.S. government’s Ebola response, while also reiterating his call for a visa ban on travelers from affected countries:     “As I expressed on Wednesday, it’s important that the U.S. have someone officially in charge of coordinating the federal government’s response to the Ebola outbreak, both overseas and here at home. This is a complex challenge that must be addressed by a wide range of government agencies, and we need someone to make sure all the different pieces are working in concert to protect Americans and stop this outbreak.     “Already, concerns have been raised about the President’s choice. I hope Mr. Klain will come forward quickly with a set of concrete actions to reassure Americans that this administration is taking this situation seriously, including but not limited to common sense travel restrictions on individuals from the affected countries in West Africa.”
Rubio: Disgraceful That Obama Administration Did Nothing To Stop Venezuela’s Bid To Join UN Security Council: http://1.usa.gov/1qDV7HG  “The Venezuelan government has aligned itself with and supported the illicit activities of state sponsors of terrorism like Iran, North Korea and Syria, which all threaten America’s national security. It has supported Russian aggression against Ukraine. It has sided with terrorist groups like Hamas and Hezbollah, which are committed to Israel’s destruction. It has supported regional terrorism by the FARC and allowed drug cartels to conduct their narco-terrorism activities in the Western Hemisphere. It has routinely violated its international commitments by eroding democratic governance at home, trampling over the human rights of innocent Venezuelans, and supporting Cuba’s own human rights abuses as well.   “On every single issue where peace, democracy and human rights hang in the balance, the Venezuelan regime has stood on the side of aggression, destabilization and authoritarianism. As the events of this year have shown, this Venezuelan regime has the blood of innocent Venezuelans on its hands.   “For these and many more reasons, it is disgraceful that the Obama Administration failed to lift a finger in making the case why Venezuela’s membership on the U.N. Security Council is undeserved, further diminishes the legitimacy of this body, and ultimately sends a demoralizing message to the Venezuelan people who have suffered under the Chavez-Maduro regime. If any nation on earth should speak out against repressive governments like Venezuela, it should be the United States.”
ICYMI: Rubio: 5 Steps To Beat Ebola: http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/15/opinion/rubio-ebola-response/
ICYMI: Rubio: If ISIL Succeeds In Kobani, It Will Demoralize Our Ability To Confront Them  Rubio: “It would be deeply demoralizing to this effort to allow them to take territory. And for John Kerry to say that, proves to you how out of touch they are about this reality. They are doing anything they can to disengage us from this process by doing the least amount possible. And it’s leading to this terrible outcome.”
ICYMI: Rubio: Why I Am Fighting For School Choice, A Lifeline For Low-Income Kids  Rubio: "Put simply, Florida’s Tax Credit Scholarship Program is an example of public policy at its best. It should outrage all Floridians – and all Americans – that the program is under attack by those who would rather protect their own narrow interests than the rights of parents and the well-being of children. Some say their selfish approach is just politics. I say it’s a moral outrage."
Senators Urge Kerry To Deny Venezuela A Seat In U.N. Security Council: http://1.usa.gov/1BX7nbN  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today led a group of bipartisan senators in urging Secretary of State John Kerry to lead a diplomatic effort to deny Venezuela a seat on the United Nations Security Council (UNSC).   In addition to Rubio, the letter was signed by Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL), Mark Kirk (R-IL), Bill Nelson (D-FL), John McCain (R-AZ) and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez (D-NJ).   In the letter to Kerry, the senators highlighted the gross human rights violations committed under the oppressive Maduro regime, and argued that granting Venezuela a seat on the UNSC would undermine the Administration’s goal of promoting international peace and security.   “In addition to President Maduro’s vocal disdain for the United Nations, his government’s actions, at the U.N. and at home, run counter to the founding principles and norms of the U.N. Charter, namely the pursuit of international peace and security and the promotion of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all people,” wrote the senators. “Venezuela’s membership on the U.N. Security Council would constitute a serious blow for the United States and United Nations at a time when we must collaborate to address the world’s most pressing challenges.”  
ICYMI: Rubio: Taxpayers Should Not Have To Bail Out ObamaCare  Rubio: “What bothers me is simple, and that is that the taxpayer is once again on the hook for all of this.”
Rubio, Colleagues To Boehner: We Must Protect Congressional Authority, Prohibit ObamaCare Bailout: http://1.usa.gov/1uB8BJk  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today led a group of Republican senators in urging House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments that expose taxpayers to an ObamaCare bailout.   In a letter to Speaker Boehner, the senators expressed concern over the Administration’s intent to disregard Congressional authority by spending unappropriated and unauthorized funds through ObamaCare’s risk corridor program, and highlighted the risk the program poses to taxpayers should insurers systematically lose money on exchange plans.   “Unfortunately, President Obama and his administration have exhibited their intent to disregard the law and ignore the Constitution,” wrote the senators.   “The American people expect us, as Members of Congress, to fulfill our Oath of Office and defend the Constitution,” the senators added. “Therefore, we must act to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments providing for an Obamacare taxpayer bailout.” 
Rubio: Cuba’s Participation Undermines Credibility Of Summit Of Americas: http://1.usa.gov/10FQbvM  “The Cuban regime’s record of human rights abuses and violations of international law are not matters open for debate, but undeniable and appalling facts,” wrote Rubio. “Therefore, Cuba’s participation in the Summit of the Americas in Panama will undermine its credibility and have grave consequences for the region’s consensus to promote and defend democratic rule.   “I urge you to avoid this outcome, and instead work with the Cuban people to support their demands for a democratic future for their country,” Rubio added. 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Obama’s Failed Policies, Restoring The American Dream: http://youtu.be/bojsJSIUa4M  Rubio: “This should also be an American century. This 21st century is an exciting time. We are not taking full advantage of all of the opportunities of this new era, and a lot of that is because of flawed policies of big government that this President and his allies in the Senate have pursued.”
ICYMI: Rubio: Wanted: An attorney general committed to the Constitution: http://bit.ly/1oGiRtW  ...  Last week’s announcement that Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. will leave the administration provides the president the opportunity to undo some of this damage by nominating an attorney general who is committed to putting the rule of law first.   America deserves a nominee to lead the Justice Department who is fully committed to vigorous application of our nation’s Constitution and laws without political bias or personal agenda. I expect the president will nominate a member of his political party to the position of attorney general. That is his prerogative. But Congress also must insist that the president nominate a professional lawyer who recognizes the special mission of the Justice Department and who can win the broad confidence of the American people.  ... 
Rubio Comments On Obama’s Criticism Of New Israeli Housing Project: http://1.usa.gov/ZvYeLs  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s criticism of a new Israeli housing project in Jerusalem:   “The Obama administration’s decision to criticize Israel for housing construction in Jerusalem, even as the President hosted Prime Minister Netanyahu at the White House yesterday, was deplorable. Jerusalem is Israel’s capital and the United States should not be condemning zoning and permitting decisions made by Jerusalem’s municipal government.     “Moreover, the insinuation that Israel could and should have done more to avoid civilian casualties during recent operations in Gaza is a shameful attack on an ally. Despite being faced with a steady barrage of rocket fire raining down on Israeli civilians, the Israeli Defence Forces showed great restraint even as Hamas used the residents of Gaza as human shields. As we know from our own experiences in combat, avoiding all civilian casualties is nearly impossible – and when a foe uses civilians as shields, as Hamas does, it is entirely impossible.     “Finally, the Obama Administration’s view of Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts suggests that it has learned nothing from its six years of failed efforts. The administration can continue to live in a fantasy world where we are always just one step from a renewal of the peace process and the achievement of a comprehensive agreement, but the fact of the matter remains that Israel does not have a viable negotiating partner. Palestinian ‘leaders’ who make false accusations of genocide, partner with a terrorist group, and constantly peddle hateful rhetoric, rather than take the tough decisions required to create a lasting peace, are not seeking peace with Israel.     “This is another case of President Obama’s bizarre logic of tearing down our closest partners while building up those who do not share our values. Especially now, when Israel and moderate Arab states in the Middle East are facing terrorist attacks, the president should begin to treat Israel as the invaluable and reliable friend it truly is.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Hats Off To The University Of Tennessee For Standing Up For Public Prayer: http://bit.ly/10msfxv  ...  Those who attack public prayer – whether it occurs at schools, in legislatures or football stadiums – all have in common a dream of moving toward a “naked public square”. Their goals and tactics aim to make religion stigmatized, feared and something best kept private. Fortunately, however, America’s long-standing tradition of welcoming prayers in public settings have been defended by the vast majority of Americans, protected by law and upheld by several court decisions.   So as we get ready for this weekend’s Florida-Tennessee game, Gator fans like me will at least rejoice in knowing that, although we can’t do anything about silencing the Tennessee marching band from playing “Rocky Top” (over and over and over again), the vast majority of Gator and Volunteer fans alike stand together for at least a couple of things: 1) in knowing the SEC is the king of college football, and 2) for our right to pray together before kickoff and give thanks for all our blessings. 
Rubio: GAO Makes Clear ObamaCare Bailouts Can’t Occur Without Congressional Approval: http://1.usa.gov/1vuHM8U  “As many of us predicted, Obamacare is a failure that forces the American people to not only buy health insurance, but also forces the American taxpayer to bail out insurance companies that incur a loss under the Obamacare exchanges,” said Rubio. “The fact that we have to bail out ObamaCare in the first place tells us the law is a failure.    “We should not be bailing out a failure,” Rubio added. “Given the Obama Administration’s history of taking executive action to re-write Obamacare and ignoring the legislative process, Congress needs to make sure taxpayers don’t end up paying for an ObamaCare bailout in 2015 or ever.” 
Rubio Comments On Protests In Hong Kong: http://1.usa.gov/1u6uZtK  “The people of Hong Kong want nothing more than what those in free countries around the globe have: the right to peacefully assemble, speak freely and choose their own leaders. The protesters have taken to the streets peacefully, with nothing more than umbrellas in hand. The security forces use tear gas and threaten greater force. They use police investigative powers to intimidate free press and those who support rights of free association. Meanwhile, the government in Beijing censors news and information about developments in Hong Kong to those on the mainland, going so far as to block social media sites such as Instagram.     “I wrote Secretary of State Kerry two weeks ago urging him to forcefully speak out on behalf of the citizens of Hong Kong. We must make clear that any violence against peaceful protesters will have significant consequences for U.S.-China relations. That is why I am disheartened that our Consulate General in Hong Kong would say that the U.S. does ‘not take sides in the discussion of Hong Kong’s political development.’   “America absolutely takes sides when confronted with right and wrong. It is longstanding U.S. policy, enshrined in the Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992, to support democratization in Hong Kong and to support the human rights of the people of Hong Kong.   “America should be on the side of those in the street peacefully protesting for their fundamental freedoms. I again call on the Obama administration to make clear to China that it must abide by its international commitments regarding Hong Kong’s status and allow direct elections of Hong Kong’s chief executive.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Marks "Contract With America" Anniversary, Outlines Agenda To Restore American Dream: http://nws.mx/1wMYAIg  ...  This method of leadership, powered by ideas and sustained by an open communication of those ideas to the people they impact, is certainly not one that I invented myself. Others have taken a similar approach, often with great success. One of the most notable instances in our nation’s history was an initiative announced 20 years ago: the “Contract With America.”   It was led by a remarkable idea man: Rep. Newt Gingrich of Georgia, then minority whip and future speaker of the House. He partnered with other Republican leaders, including Texas Rep. Dick Armey and policy leaders at the Heritage Foundation, to craft a revolutionary collection of ideas for restoring the promise of America.  ...  These challenges are many and have changed greatly since the time of the “Contract With America.” High-skilled jobs of the future have replaced low-skilled jobs of the past. Higher education is no longer an option for some, it is a necessity for all. Global competition requires us to compete for investment and innovation. And too many children are raised today without the comforts of a stable home.   Just as I did in the Florida House, I have spent this year developing dozens of ideas that would tackle these challenges head on. On some, I’ve partnered with leaders from both parties, such as Sens. Mike Lee (Utah), Ron Wyden (Ore.), Chris Coons (Del.), and Cory Booker (N.J.); and Reps. Paul Ryan (Wis.) and Aaron Schock (Ill.).   My proposals would make higher education accessible to everyone, spur the transformative innovation that can create new industries and millions of jobs, open America to the possibilities and realities of our increasingly globalized economy, save our crucial retirement programs from self-destruction, and encourage rather than punish marriage and parenthood.  ...
ICYMI: Rubio: Addressing The Disastrous Consequences Of China’s One-Child Policy: http://bit.ly/1wMppMT  ...  "The Girls Count Act I’ve introduced would help address this problem. It would direct current U.S. foreign assistance to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries by working to establish birth registries in their countries.  "A nationally recognized proof of birth system is critical to establishing key documentation for a child, which ultimately ensures that child can go on to fully participate and contribute to society. The Girls Count Act will help pave the way for millions – especially young girls and women who have been disproportionately affected – to benefit from new opportunities previously denied to them."  ...  
Senator Rubio wishes the Jewish community a blessed Rosh Hashanah, and new year filled with lasting peace and prosperity: http://1.usa.gov/1pdfKtG  Rosh Hashanah, the celebration of the Jewish New Year, is a time of reflection and new beginnings for the Jewish community. We wish the Jewish people in the U.S., Israel and throughout the world a day of many blessings and peace as they celebrate this High Holiday.   Let us also recognize the profound influence that Judeo-Christian values have had on shaping this great nation and how they are among the many reasons we are so closely linked to Israel. Although this past year has brought tragedy and many great challenges to Israel, it also reminded us of why the Jewish state remains a friend of the U.S. like no other - one we must continue to defend and protect.  In this time of prayer and reflection, we wish all members of the Jewish community a happy and healthy new year. May this celebration bring with it lasting peace and prosperity.   Shanah Tovah U’metukah.
Leading Conservatives Welcome Lee-Rubio Tax Plan: http://1.usa.gov/1ChZm34  Senators’ plan has “great promise,” and seen as “excellent start”
ICYMI: Rubio, Lee Discuss New Pro-Growth Tax Reform Proposals
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses U.S. Airstrikes Against ISIL On CNN 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses U.S. Airstrikes Against ISIL On FOX News 
ICYMI: Rubio, Lee: A Pro-Family, Pro-Growth Tax Reform: http://on.wsj.com/XQvw6l  Rubio, Lee: "Perhaps no function of the U.S. government is more antiquated and dysfunctional than its tax system, so we are joining together to propose a federal tax-reform plan that will remove obstacles to investment, innovation, growth and opportunity."
Rubio Comments On U.S. Airstrikes Against ISIL In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1x5ZYbP  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the United States’ airstrikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) terrorist group in Syria:   “I support the President’s actions to target ISIL’s facilities in Syria. I have argued for months that President Obama has the authority to confront this threat to the United States wherever they seek refuge. Defeating this menace to all who value freedom and tolerance will not be easy, but is essential to our security. My thoughts and prayers are with our men and women in uniform carrying out their duties as part of ongoing operations in Iraq and Syria.” 
Senate Passes Bill To Offer Reward For Information On The Murders Of American Journalists: http://1.usa.gov/1r6b90P  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Bill Nelson (D-FL) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) today hailed the Senate’s unanimous passage of a bill authorizing up to $10 million in rewards for information leading up to the arrest and conviction of any individuals involved in the kidnapping and murders of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, who were natives of New Hampshire and Florida, respectively.   The bill would update the State Department’s Rewards for Justice Program to offer a reward to anyone who provides information leading to the arrest or conviction of any individual responsible for committing, conspiring or aiding in the commission of the kidnapping and murders of Foley and Sotloff. Since the inception of the Rewards for Justice Program in 1984, the U.S. has paid more than $125 million to over 80 people who provided actionable information that put terrorists behind bars or prevented acts of international terrorism worldwide.   “One way we can honor the memories of James Foley and Steven Sotloff is to bring their evil murderers to justice, which this measure will help do,” said Senator Rubio. “I hope the House approves this at the earliest possible opportunity so that the President can sign it into law. It’s important that we send a powerful message to the Foley and Sotloff families, to the American people and to the world that the United States will work tirelessly to ensure that the deaths of these beloved journalists does not go unpunished.”  
Rubio Comments On Ukrainian President’s Address To Congress: http://1.usa.gov/1ue9Viy  Washington, D.C. –  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement after Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s address to Congress:   “I was honored to attend Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s address to Congress today. The United States Congress and the American people stand with the people of Ukraine in this, their hour of need.     “The Ukrainian people have suffered immensely in recent months. In the face of violence and pressure, they have shown bravery and courage. Peaceful protesters of all ages and from all walks of life braved gunfire on the Maidan to demand a better future for their children and their country. Many of them made the ultimate sacrifice. The Ukrainian security forces have also suffered significant losses as they face a foe now overtly supported by Russia. Despite the invasion of their territory and ongoing threats, Ukraine’s leaders have tried to keep their country on the path toward full democracy and economic reform.     “Since the beginning of this crisis, I have advocated for a stronger U.S. response to Russia’s blatant violation of the post-World War II international order. Today, I will support additional sanctions and the provision of lethal assistance to Ukraine as the Senate Foreign Relations Committee considers the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014. We need to continue to show our allies and partners that the United States will continue to stand with them, and against the aggression of Vladimir Putin’s Russia.” 
Senator Rubio Celebrates Constitution Day: http://1.usa.gov/ZqptXv   On this day, exactly 227 years ago, our Founding Fathers gathered in Philadelphia to sign what would come to be one of the most important documents in the history of mankind: the United States Constitution.   Today, it is “We the People” who continue to celebrate this time-tested document and the unique way of life it has safeguarded for us.   The principles of limited government and separation of powers embodied in our Constitution have seen this nation through times of great challenge and great triumph, including two World Wars. They have paved the way to economic success and growth, serving as a beacon of hope to the rest of the world and proving that a people, given the freedom to fully utilize their God-given rights, can build a society of unprecedented liberty and prosperity. Generations of Americans have fought to not only defend the Constitution and the vision of the Founding Fathers, but also to ensure that America is ever more faithful to its principles.   Yet these principles, which have served us so well, have fallen under attack. Proponents of big government and a Washington-knows-best agenda have pushed the size of government far beyond the limits of the Constitution. The separation of powers, so carefully spelled out in the Constitution, has also been weakened by overreaching executives and judges, as well as legislators who cheer them on.   While this disregard has proven challenging for champions of liberty and the rule of law, it presents our generation with an opportunity to defend our Constitution, and the very values that make our nation exceptional.   Today, we celebrate not only our Constitution, but the values upon which it was drafted, and the values upon which this great nation still stands. But it is up to us to pass on this legacy of liberty, and preserve it for future generations. In doing so, I am confident that it will lead us toward another American century. 
Watch Senator Rubio’s speech on rebuilding American defense:  Rubio: "The world is at its safest when America is at its strongest."
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Obama's Strategy to Deal with ISIL on Hannity 
Tune in: Senator Rubio and Sean Hannity discuss Obama’s strategy to deal with ISIL tonight at 10:00pm on Fox News
Rubio Warns Kerry Of The Threat Chinese Government Actions Pose To U.S. Relationship With Hong Kong: http://1.usa.gov/1tX6zUJ  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, today urged Secretary of State John Kerry to speak out against recent efforts by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to undermine Hong Kong’s status as an autonomous region of China and the ability of the citizens of Hong Kong to choose their own representatives.   In a letter to Kerry, Rubio highlighted the Chinese government’s decision to prohibit Hong Kong voters from selecting nominees for the position of Chief Executive of Hong Kong, and instead force them to choose from a pool of pre-approved candidates. Rubio warned Kerry of the threat this poses to Hong Kong’s unique relationship with the U.S.   “The NPCSC’s decision violates the international commitments China has made regarding Hong Kong’s status,” Rubio wrote. “The people of Hong Kong have the right to elect their chief executive through democratic procedure, not be forced to pick from a pool of Chinese government approved candidates.   “I urge you to clearly speak out against this most recent decision by NPCSC and to work with your Chinese counterparts to ensure that Beijing does not further limit Hong Kong’s promised autonomy and its ability to move toward full democracy if its citizens so intend,” continued Rubio. “If Hong Kong continues down this dangerous path, Congress may need to consider reviewing the special trade and economic provisions Hong Kong enjoys as an autonomous region of China under U.S. law.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: America Needs Innovation, Not Political Stunts: http://politi.co/1DbAFXr  ...  "My proposals will spur the sort of transformative innovation that has always characterized the American free-enterprise system — the kind that led to the creation of the airplane, the personal computer and the Internet in the last century, and that has the potential to create new industries in this century that we haven’t even begun to imagine.  "My proposals will open America to the possibilities — and realities — of our increasingly globalized economy, which creates hundreds of millions of new customers for our products and services. It also will ensure that our businesses stay on an equal footing with increasingly fierce global competition.  "The resulting growth will be so explosive that it will infuse jobs and capital on every level of our economy. We should settle for nothing less."  ...
Rubio In Washington Post Outlook: Let’s Reject The Veiled Isolationism Of Obama And Clinton: http://wapo.st/1qPelMW  President Obama’s call on Wednesday for the United States to lead an international military campaign in the Middle East has the potential to begin a departure from the isolationism that he and former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton have advocated during their years in office. There is a risk, however, that the president’s focus on a counterterrorism campaign akin to those waged in Yemen and Somalia, and his reliance on regional partners to deal with the challenge posed by the Islamic State, could lead to the continuation of what has been the most disengaged presidential foreign policy in modern American history.   From his focus on prematurely ending wars in the interest of “nation-building here at home” to his abandonment of America’s traditional allies in an effort to placate America’s enemies, President Obama has made it clear that he is different from his post-World War II predecessors. The question now is whether, facing this new threat, the president will rise to the occasion and truly reassert American leadership.   Five and a half years of the Obama/Clinton worldview has given Americans a graphic and often horrific view of the chaos that is unleashed in the world when America walks away from its traditional role as the guarantor of global security. From Syria and Iraq to eastern Ukraine and the South China Sea, we are seeing what the world will look like if our leaders continue choosing detachment: more violence, rivals and partners alike taking advantage of our inaction, and a steady increase in threats to our citizens and to our prosperity.  ...  
Senator Rubio went on CNBC this morning to respond to Obama’s strategy to defeat ISIL:
Earlier this morning, Rubio weighed in on Obama's strategy to defeat ISIL on CNN:
Rubio Responds to Obama's Strategy to Defeat ISIL with NPR's Steve Inskeep:
Rubio Comments On Senate Passage Of Resolution Honoring Lives Of Slain American Journalists, Condemning ISIL: http://1.usa.gov/1pPABlM  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the Senate’s passage, by unanimous consent, of a bipartisan resolution honoring the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and condemning the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) terrorist organization that brutally murdered them. In addition to Rubio, the resolution was sponsored by Senators Bill Nelson (D-FL), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), and Bob Menendez (D-NJ).   In a wide-ranging U.S. Senate floor speech yesterday, Rubio paid tribute to Florida native Steven Sotloff, and honored his noble and courageous work as a journalist in the Middle East.   “The second point, which I think is related to my comments here in a moment, is towards the family of Steven Sotloff who lost his life tragically in the Middle East over the last few days. We all are familiar with that horrific tale,” said Rubio. “Steven actually lived in Miami, Florida with his family, literally blocks away from where I go to church, literally blocks away from where I live. He was a member of our community and an American.    “As I said last week at his memorial service, Steven had dedicated his life to revealing the suffering and the reality of what was happening in some of the most dangerous areas of the world,” Rubio added. “And while he lost his life tragically, I think it is ironic and appropriate that in his last act, as he lost his life, he revealed the true nature of what we confront in that part of the world and the true nature of the Islamic State – and who they are and what they're all about.    “And this was a young man who, as I said, dedicated his life not just to journalism, but to journalism in the most dangerous part of the world,” Rubio continued. “And in so doing, was able to bring that reality to us even in the last moments of his life.” 
On Senate Floor, Rubio Calls On Reid To Hold Vote On Venezuela Sanctions Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1rGSp3W  Washington, D.C. – During a wide-ranging U.S. Senate floor speech on Tuesday evening, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) to schedule a vote on S. 2142, the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, a bill authorizing sanctions on individuals involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela. The legislation is currently being blocked from being unanimously passed by the full U.S. Senate at the behest of Citgo, the Venezuelan regime’s wholly owned U.S. subsidiary.    In recent weeks, Rubio has published an opinion column in Louisiana’s The Daily Advertiser challenging U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu’s block of the bill, and urged Reid to hold a full Senate vote in a letter.    “In Latin America, we have seen an erosion of democratic order, the rise of anti-democratic governments that threaten to erode almost two decades of democratic progress in the region,” said Rubio. “By the way, in this body we have endeavored to address one of those challenges in Venezuela – an outrage, a place full of corruption and human rights violations, an anti-American government that does everything possible to undermine us and our interests, not just the interests of their own people.   “And we’ve been blocked in our efforts to address it because somehow the Venezuelan government, acting through Citgo, a wholly owned company of the Venezuelan government, got lobbyists to come here to the Senate and lobby for blockage and stoppage of a measure that we were ready to pass by unanimous consent,” Rubio added. “And so I come to the floor to ask the Majority Leader to please schedule a vote on these sanctions on Venezuela because it will pass overwhelmingly.    “Do not allow lobbyists for the Venezuelan government to be able to come to Washington, D.C. and impede action on this matter,” Rubio concluded.  
Rubio on the Senate Floor today: U.S. Leadership Needed To Combat International Crises
Rubio, Colleagues Introduce Bill To Offer Reward For Information On The Murders Of American Journalists: http://1.usa.gov/1q9598e  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), joined by Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Bill Nelson (D-FL), today introduced a bill authorizing up to $10 million in rewards for information leading up to the arrest and conviction of any individuals involved in the kidnapping and murders of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff.     The bill would update the State Department’s Rewards for Justice Program to offer a reward to anyone who provides information leading to the arrest or conviction of any individual responsible for committing, conspiring or aiding in the commission of the kidnapping and murders of Foley and Sotloff.    Since the inception of the Rewards for Justice Program in 1984, the U.S. has paid more than $125 million to over 80 people who provided actionable information that put terrorists behind bars or prevented acts of international terrorism worldwide.   “James Foley and Steven Sotloff nobly risked their lives in the pursuit of truth, and the United States will not stand idly by after two of its own were brutally murdered at the hands of fundamentally evil and freedom-hating extremists,” said Senator Rubio. “This bill is a symbol of our commitment to their parents that America will not rest until justice is served, and let it serve as a clear message to ISIL that we will stop at nothing to ensure the deaths of these beloved journalists do not go unpunished.”  
Rubio Discusses Importance of Defeating ISIL with CBS News' Bob Schieffer
Rubio: Obama Doesn't Need Congressional Permission To Defeat ISIL, But Does Need Strategy: http://1.usa.gov/1o7Jurm  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today sent a letter to the White House asking President Obama to outline a strategy to the American people for confronting and defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).     In the letter, Rubio urges President Obama to recognize the threat ISIL poses to Middle East security, the national interests of the U.S. and our allies in Europe. Following the brutal executions of two American civilians, Rubio calls on President Obama to speak clearly to the American people about what our strategy will be to ensure ISIL’s defeat, and urges Obama to use the constitutional and legal authority he possess as commander-in-chief to conduct attacks to degrade and defeat ISIL as soon as practicable.    ISIL is the best funded and most ruthless Islamic terrorist organization in history. It currently controls large swaths of land in Iraq and Syria and intends to continue its growth.   “The American people and the world need to hear you outline our strategy to defeat ISIL in clear and unequivocal terms,” Rubio wrote. “They need to hear the truth about ISIL, the threat they represent, and the sacrifice and combined effort that will be needed to defeat them.    “ISIL represents a clear and immediate threat to the national security of the United States, which is why you should use the constitutional and legal authority you possess as commander-in-chief to conduct attacks to degrade and defeat ISIL. Just as the U.S. has conducted operations against terrorists elsewhere, there is no legal reason preventing you from targeting ISIL in Syria,” Rubio added. “With U.S. leadership the United States should vigorously pursue an international coalition to increase military options against ISIL, including increased air support and lethal assistance to Iraqi and Kurdish forces as well as a more aggressive approach to destroy supply routes, vital infrastructure and ISIL leadership wherever they are operating.  It is also important to increase support to moderate Syrian opposition forces currently fighting ISIL.    “In addition to striking ISIL abroad, there must be a renewed and heightened effort to secure the homeland as well. With the disturbing increase in western fighters from Europe and the United States drawn to support ISIL, as well as ISIL’s attempts to expand their territory, we must be vigilant in working with European and Middle Eastern partners to track the flow of ISIL fighters and prevent the return of jihadists to Europe or the U.S.,” Rubio continued. “This is a large challenge and one that will require considerable attention by the U.S. government and a broad coalition of allies, but it is paramount to U.S. national security.” 
 Florida And New Hampshire Senators To Introduce Bipartisan Resolution Honoring Lives Of Slain American Journalists, Condemning ISIS: http://1.usa.gov/1qhHly7  “It’s important that Americans never forget James Foley and Steven Sotloff, the lives they led as successful journalists, and how loved they were by their families and friends,” Senator Rubio said. “The U.S. Senate should honor these brave men by approving this resolution as soon as Congress reconvenes next week. The American people should also never lose sight of the fact that these awful executions are only the beginning of ISIL’s plans to sow evil across the Middle East and the world, unless we stop them.”
Rubio Calls On Reid To Allow A Senate Vote On Venezuela Sanctions Bill: http://1.usa.gov/Ye9agb  “This sweeping arc of human rights abuse demands the attention of the United States Congress,” wrote Rubio. “You were quoted in July saying that you support bipartisan legislation to sanction the Venezuelan officials responsible, yet in the two months since, the heart wrenching stories of savage violence from the Maduro government have worsened while Congressional action has only stalled.    “Just last month, as the Senate was about to pass the sanctions bill that unanimously passed the House, Maduro’s regime found a way to influence our legislative process,” added Rubio. “Even though the legislation would have targeted individuals only and posed no threat to American jobs or Venezuelan firms, a Venezuelan government-controlled oil company with operations in the U.S. succeeded in convincing a member of the Senate’s Democratic majority to block the bill’s passage.   “As Majority Leader, I hope you will use your authority to ensure that the bipartisan legislation sanctioning Venezuelan officials - legislation which you have spoken in favor of – will be allowed an up or down vote immediately upon our return on September 8th,” continued Rubio. 
ICYMI: Rubio, Cassidy: Sanctions On Venezuela Are A Matter Of Human Rights: http://www.theadvertiser.com/story/opinion/2014/09/01/sanctions-venezuela-matter-human-rights/14948087/  ...  In June, the House passed its bill unanimously. Not surprisingly, the Venezuelan government opposes these sanctions and, just as the Senate was about to unanimously pass legislation to impose them earlier this month, Maduro’s regime succeeded in finding a senator to block them: Mary Landrieu.   The Senate Foreign Relations Committee assured Landrieu that the bill would not affect Louisiana jobs and has no bearing on Citgo’s operations in the U.S.   When the Senate reconvenes in September, she and the Democratic majority will face an important choice about whether the U.S. will continue to stand up for human rights, or whether we will allow repressive strong men like Nicolas Maduro to dictate America’s human rights policy.   This issue and this sanctions legislation is about human rights and is specifically targeted at individuals in Venezuela’s government who abuse them. It has nothing to do with jobs and energy policy.   It has to do with responding to the violent crackdowns we’ve seen in the streets of Caracas, and standing in solidarity with young Venezuelan leaders like Leopoldo Lopez, who’s been sitting in jail for months for opposing the regime so passionately and courageously. It has nothing to do with a Citgo oil refinery in Louisiana, as Landrieu and the Venezuelan regime would like Louisianans to believe.  ...
Rubio: Attack On Florida School Choice Scholarship Is An Attack On The American Dream: http://1.usa.gov/1tKbw1A  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding a liberal coalition’s lawsuit against a 13-year-old school choice scholarship program that assists over 67,000 of Florida’s most economically disadvantaged schoolchildren:   “This frivolous lawsuit attacking Florida’s school choice scholarship program is an attack on the American Dream. We cannot continue to be an exceptional nation and our children cannot fully realize their American Dream as long as government policies condemn them to failing schools. That is exactly what this lawsuit is trying to do.    “Parents of economically disadvantaged students who want a better future for their kids should have the choice of sending them to better schools, and tuition assistance like this is a vital way they can make it work. This lawsuit will trap our poorest students in under-performing schools and give them no options to help them achieve their highest potential.” 
Rubio Comments On Continued Russian Aggression Against Ukraine: http://1.usa.gov/1tf6J9N  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding Russia’s continued aggression against Ukraine:   “Russia’s ongoing violations of Ukraine’s sovereignty are reprehensible and should be concerning to all freedom loving people around the globe. Russia’s actions in support of separatists in eastern Ukraine will only prolong the conflict, resulting in more loss of innocent life and further setbacks for the people of Ukraine.   “For months, I have repeatedly called for the United States to impose broad-based sectoral sanctions against Moscow, including against the Russian energy sector, and to provide much-needed lethal assistance to the Ukrainian military, which has performed admirably under difficult circumstances.   “The time for hollow rhetoric from Washington and European capitals passed long ago. Russia’s continued aggression against Ukraine is yet another instance of Moscow’s undermining of the post-World War II international order. All who seek to uphold that system must now stand with Ukraine in its hour of need and pressure Putin to change course.”  
Rubio To Obama: Unilateral Action Will Close The Door To Real Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1svCUOc  Washington, D.C. – As the Obama administration considers sweeping executive action to grant legal status to millions of people residing in the U.S. illegally, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today called on President Obama to reject any unilateral action and work with Congress to achieve realistic, step by step immigration reform.   In a letter to the President, Rubio highlighted the adverse impact unilateral action will have on any progress toward real reform, and laid out the steps necessary to achieve immigration reform, including the need to first address border security and protect American workers.   “It is my sincere belief that if we can bring illegal immigration under control and modernize our legal immigration system, then the American people and a majority of their representatives in Congress would be willing to reasonably and responsibly address the issue of millions of people currently in this nation illegally. It will not be easy. And it will not be unanimous. But if we can make real progress on stemming the tide of illegal immigration, I am convinced we will have the support necessary to address this serious issue once and for all,” wrote Rubio. “All of this is why I have grown increasingly alarmed by news that your administration is considering sweeping executive action to give work permits to millions of people here illegally. If indeed you move forward on such a decision, I believe it will close the door to any chance of making progress on immigration reform for the foreseeable future.”   “I know you are receiving tremendous political pressure from certain activists to grant another unilateral, temporary and uncertain legal status to millions of additional undocumented immigrants,” added Rubio. “But to do so, without first taking any serious steps to address the border or protect American workers, will increase the perception of ambiguity in our laws, incentivize more people to immigrate here illegally, and significantly set back the prospects of real reform.”   “As someone who believes sincerely in the need for reform, is the son of immigrants, and lives in a community of immigrants, I still reserve some optimism that you’ll reject the politics of the moment and remember that the decisions you make will impact the people at the heart of this issue long after your duty to serve them has come to an end,” continued Rubio. 
Rubio Welcomes New Disaster Assistance To Restore Apalachicola Bay Fishery: http://1.usa.gov/1txbJ8h  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the announcement made by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to disburse $6,310,216 of new disaster assistance funding aimed to restore the oyster fishery in Apalachicola Bay Florida.    On August 12, 2013, a federal fisheries disaster was declared for the oyster fishery along the northwest coast of Florida due to excessive drought conditions in Apalachicola Bay and elsewhere in the Florida Panhandle that have caused the regional economy to suffer significantly. Historically, the Apalachicola Bay region has produced 90 percent of Florida’s oysters and 10 percent of the oysters supplied to the entire country.   “I welcome today’s long-awaited announcement to provide disaster assistance to Apalachicola Bay. This news is much-needed relief for the small business owners and families who were severely impacted by this disaster,” said Rubio. “During my trip to the region last year, I saw firsthand how essential a thriving oyster industry is to Florida’s Panhandle, and I am happy to see that we will finally start getting Florida’s oyster industry back on track.   “While I welcome today’s announcement, I remain committed to ensuring that we eventually reach a long-term solution to this problem, including restoring water flows to Apalachicola Bay,” added Rubio. “I will continue seeking a permanent solution to this, and look forward to working toward a full economic recovery for Florida’s invaluable oyster fishery.” 
Rubio, Colleagues Call For Latin American Presidents To Restore Diplomatic Relations With Israel: http://1.usa.gov/1tx83n9  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), along with Senators Bob Menendez (D-NJ), Mark Kirk (R-IL) and James Risch (R-ID), today called on the Presidents of Brazil, Peru, Chile, Ecuador, and El Salvador to return their Ambassadors to Israel and restore diplomatic relations with the country. The Latin American presidents recently recalled their Ambassadors to Israel “in protest” against Israel’s legitimate military operations.     In letters to the Latin American presidents, the senators highlighted the adverse impact that downgraded diplomatic relations will have on the ongoing conflict, and encouraged the presidents to return their Ambassadors to Israel as a symbol of their country’s commitment to peace in the Middle East.   “All loss of innocent lives during this conflict is tragic, but your government’s decision to downgrade diplomatic relations with Israel at this critical time will only embolden Hamas leaders to continue on the current course of indiscriminate rocket attacks against Israeli civilians rather than working with the Israeli government to achieve a sustainable cease fire arrangement,” the senators wrote. “Your actions send a troubling message to the United States about your government’s commitment to long-lasting peace between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization.    “We encourage you to return your Ambassador to Israel, as a symbol of your country’s steadfast commitment to achieving an enduring peace in the Middle East and the fight against the scourge of international terrorism,” the senators added. 
ICYMI: Rubio: Fighting the ‘Convert or Die’ Caliphate in Iraq: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/385679/fighting-convert-or-die-caliphate-iraq-marco-rubio
ICYMI: Rubio: Time To Begin Reversing Tide Of Jihadist Victories: http://time.com/3093021/marco-rubio-obama-isis-iraq/  President Obama’s decision to authorize humanitarian operations and targeted airstrikes in Iraq comes as fundamentalist Islam is on the rise throughout the Middle East.   Hamas and other Palestinian terrorist groups continue to threaten Israel. The United States and its allies have been forced to close their diplomatic missions in Libya because of fighting between secular militias and al Qaeda-affiliated groups. The Taliban is going on the offensive in Afghanistan as the United States and coalition partners continue to draw down.   And perhaps of most concern, in Iraq, the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has established a caliphate, a fundamentalist state, in the heart of the Middle East. Flush with weapons and money, ISIS’s forces are making significant advances as they expand their territory.  ... 
ICYMI: Rubio: More ObamaCare Woes: Congress Must Act To Block Health Insurance Bailout: http://fxn.ws/1u5BxKn  As evidence mounts of a looming taxpayer-funded bailout of health insurance companies under ObamaCare, the urgency grows for Congress to take this possibility off the table for good.   As expected, ObamaCare’s costs are rising, and health insurers are passing them along to patients in the form of higher premiums and deductibles.    Just this week, a majority of insurers offering health plans in Florida announced rate increases ranging from 11 to 23 percent. This means that if patients balk at paying this sharp increase and drop their coverage, these health insurers will have to make up the difference somehow.  ... 
Rubio Urges Additional Action to Counter Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL): http://1.usa.gov/1r3Qc3B   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement after President Obama announced the United States would be providing humanitarian aid to threatened populations in northern Iraq.  “I am encouraged that American forces are providing humanitarian relief to threatened populations, including Christians and other religious minorities in northern Iraq. My thoughts and prayers are with our men and women in uniform who are in harm's way tonight carrying out this mission.  “It is important to remember that ISIL threatens not just Iraqis but also the security of the United States and our allies in the region as it consolidates its control of territory that can be used as a base from which to launch attacks.  “That is why I've been urging President Obama since June to conduct airstrikes against ISIL targets and to provide additional lethal assistance and other support to the Iraqi government. A key part of such an effort should be to provide direct humanitarian and military assistance to the Kurds, who face a growing military and humanitarian challenge in northern Iraq as they confront ISIL and also host thousands of refugees from Iraq and Syria who have been forced to flee their homes.  “Without immediate U.S. action, it will not just be innocent Syrians and Iraqis who pay the price of ISIL's rise.”
Rubio, Kirk Urge Kerry To Address Burma’s Stalled Political Transition During Visit: http://1.usa.gov/1nwLQi1  Washington, D.C. –  U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Mark Kirk (R-IL) today urged Secretary of State John Kerry to address the issues challenging Burma’s democratic reform process during his upcoming visit to the country.   In a letter to Kerry, Rubio and Kirk expressed concern over the Burmese government’s lack of progress toward meaningful democratic reform, including the ruling party’s opposition to key constitutional changes that would encourage a fair outcome in the 2015 elections.   “The ruling party has opposed constitutional changes that would level the playing field heading into the 2015 elections, including restrictions on Aung San Suu Kyi’s ability to run for president and the military’s control over key levers of authority,” the senators wrote. “The military controls access to all significant constitutional change, an arrangement that cannot be acceptable in any society that aspires to democracy.”   “The government’s continued failure to stop violence at the community level and address the regional and national environments fueled by intolerance and xenophobia is unacceptable,” the senators continued.   “To that end, we request that you spend at least as much time during your visit talking to civil society groups, representatives of political ethnic nationalities, and non-state armed groups as you do with government officials,” the senators added. “We also urge you to make absolutely clear to your official interlocutors that the status quo in Burma is unacceptable and that meaningful and irreversible progress on these issues is necessary to further advance our bilateral interest in normalizing relations.” 
FOX Orlando: Rubio Calls On NASA, Air Force To Make Florida More Competitive In Commercial Space Industry
Univision Central Florida: Rubio Le Rinde Tributo A Los Borinqueneers 
ABC Orlando: Rubio Recognizes Members Of The Borinqueneers 
Rubio Discusses Foreign Policy With John Hinderaker 
Rubio Introduces Bill Addressing Russian Arms Control Violations: http://1.usa.gov/1qsuCFy  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced legislation to respond to Russia’s recently revealed violation of the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty.   “Russia has become a rogue actor on the world stage, with no regard for upholding its international obligations and basic norms,” said Rubio. “Russia’s recent violation of a decades-old arms control treaty that was negotiated to eliminate an entire class of missiles that threatened our allies and deployed forces cannot go unanswered.   “This legislation is urgently needed to ensure that the United States is prepared for any outcome from this blatant treaty violation and that the administration adequately responds,” Rubio added.   The INF Treaty of 1987, signed by President Ronald Reagan, was the first – and only – arms control treaty that ever eliminated an entire class of weapons.   Cosponsors of the bill include Senators Jim Risch (R-ID) and Orrin Hatch (R-UT). 
Rubio, Colleagues Introduce Legislation Curbing Sexual Assaults On Campuses (Video in English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/WNieI7   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today joined a bipartisan group of senators to introduce new legislation taking aim at sexual assaults on college and university campuses by protecting and empowering students, and strengthening accountability and transparency for institutions — including establishing stiff penalties for non-compliance with the legislation’s new standards for training, data and best practices.    In addition to Rubio, the Campus Safety and Accountability Act was announced by cosponsors Claire McCaskill (D-MO), Dean Heller (R-NV), Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) and Mark Warner (D-VA). The legislation comes amid troubling reports of cases of sexual violence at colleges and universities, and is intended to confront a scourge of sexual violence against students, as available statistics show that approximately 19 percent of undergraduate women have been the victims of sexual assault. Because many crimes are not reported, that number could be substantially higher.  ... 
Thanks to all those who came out and joined Senator Rubio at this morning’s constituent coffee!
Rubio: Administration’s Visa Sanctions On Maduro Regime A Welcome First Step, But More Needed: http://1.usa.gov/1s35Ej5  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, the Republican sponsor of the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, today welcomed the Obama Administration’s announcement that it will impose travel-related visa bans on Maduro regime officials involved in serious human rights violations against peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela. The announcement comes on the heels of Rubio’s recent calls to action on July 9 and July 24, urging the President to impose visa sanctions and asset freezes on the Maduro regime.   “The U.S. government should use every tool at our disposal to hold the Maduro regime accountable for its human rights violations,” said Rubio. “The Obama Administration has taken an important first step by announcing visa bans that would restrict the travel of human rights violators and their families to the U.S. This action should be followed up with asset freezes as well.   “The House has passed a Venezuela bill, and the sanctions bill I’ve introduced with Senators Menendez and Nelson remains the most comprehensive plan that exists in the Senate to punish human rights violators and support the democratic aspirations of the Venezuelan people,” added Rubio. “I’m pleased the administration has heeded my calls to take initial action. I hope the Senate soon passes legislation that deals with the situation in Venezuela in a more complete manner, and I will continue pressing the administration to do more.”   During a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing in May, Rubio listed at least 23 Maduro regime officials that the Obama Administration should target for sanctions due to their involvement in human rights abuses against the Venezuelan people. 
Rubio Comments On New Russia Sanctions: http://1.usa.gov/1rNyGVm  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s newly announced sanctions against Russia:   “I applaud President Obama’s announcement today of new sanctions against Russia. For months, I have urged the administration to target the key sectors of Russia’s economy in response to Vladimir Putin’s action against Ukraine. I am concerned, however, that these sanctions are apparently focused on new contracts, which will limit their impact.   “President Obama should make clear that additional sanctions will be imposed if Russia takes certain actions, such as continuing direct military intervention in Ukraine or continuing to arm the separatists.   “In addition, along with our European allies, I hope the President will also significantly increase our assistance, including military support, to the Ukrainian government.   “Russia’s continued aggression against Ukraine cannot go unanswered, and we need to do much more to make clear that we and the rest of the free world stand with the people of Ukraine at this important moment.” 
Rubio Addresses Federal Obstacles Hurting Florida’s Implementation Of RESTORE Act: http://1.usa.gov/1rCp3FB  Rubio: "Proper planning is going to be key in making sure spending is not duplicative and that the money is spent in the most responsible way possible. Unfortunately, this delay by the Administration has already impeded the success of restoration."
Rubio Warns Of The Threat Of A Nuclear Iran: http://1.usa.gov/1nEacLA  Rubio: “[S]omeday soon we will wake up to the reality that they have done a North Korea on us. They have acquired a nuclear weapon, they can hold the world hostage with that weapon, and there’s very few or little we can do about it.”
Rubio Comments On VA Reform Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1nSXWq0  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) reform agreement reached today.   Although he is not a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Rubio was asked to be part of the House-Senate conference committee organized to reconcile different versions of VA reform legislation due to his leadership in sponsoring the VA Management Accountability Act of 2014, which passed the House in May and was included in the Senate-passed VA reform legislation in June.    “This VA reform agreement is an important step forward to begin addressing the dysfunction and incompetence that are plaguing our VA system and hurting our veterans. By providing our veterans with more doctor choices outside the VA system, this takes significant steps to make sure that those who have served our country aren’t condemned to endless waiting times just to get an appointment.     “I have fought to reform the VA, and a key part of this fight has been to hold bad managers accountable. After the scandal erupted earlier this year, my biggest priority was to make sure that my legislation making it easier to fire incompetent, negligent or dishonest managers was included in any reform. During the conference committee, I’m proud that this provision became even stronger than what the Senate passed earlier this year. It’s time to end the shameful VA status quo that has made it easier for bad workers to receive bonuses than get fired.     “Despite the dysfunction it exhibited at times, it’s been my honor to serve on this conference committee. I also want to take this opportunity to commend Congressman Jeff Miller, the lead Republican negotiator on this committee. I’ve known Jeff for many years and had the privilege of working with him in the Florida House. I’ve always known that Jeff Miller is the real deal when it comes to public service, and this experience further solidified that impression. Florida’s Panhandle, our entire state and all our veterans are fortunate to have Jeff Miller championing their causes.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Delivers Senate Floor Speech On The Conflict In Gaza: http://1.usa.gov/1nGmgNr  Rubio: “I hope the United States continues to be firmly on the side of Israel, because there is no moral equivalency here. What is happening between Israel and Hamas is totally 100 percent the fault of Hamas. There is no moral equivalency here. All of the blame lies on Hamas. And for this crisis to end, Hamas must either be eliminated as an organization, or they must lay down their weapons and adhere to the true precepts of peace. Which is the desire to live peacefully with their neighbor Israel.”
Senator Rubio at a press conference on his new Israel resolution: As long as Hamas is in Gaza, there will be no peace in the region 
Rubio Comments On Immigration After Meeting With Central American Presidents: http://1.usa.gov/1rPwMRI  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement after a meeting today with Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina, Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández and El Salvador Foreign Minister Hugo Martínez:   “For reasons of national security and economic prosperity, the U.S. has a clear interest in helping Central American countries become safe and stable communities built on strong foundations of democracy, the rule of law and free enterprise. Unfortunately, the recent wave of illegal immigration has reminded us of how fragile these foundations are in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, allowing drug cartels and violent criminals to wreak havoc on these countries and dim their people’s hopes of a better future.     “Today I reiterated with our Central American counterparts that it is they who must build a better future at home for their people, with the U.S. as a supportive partner. In light of the recent surge in unlawful border crossings, they owe it to their people to make clear these dangerous journeys to the U.S. that they’ve undertaken are not worth risking their lives for since they will inevitably lead them back to where they started.    “I realize the strong economic support these Central American economies receive through remittances from their people in the U.S., but they need to realize that this support will be non-existent as people are ultimately returned to their home countries or, worse, perish during their journeys north.    “Of course, the U.S. has a clear responsibility to deal with this situation. For instance, we must responsibly change existing law that unnecessarily delays the return of illegal immigrants from Central America to their home countries. In doing so, we must continue balancing our interest in protecting human trafficking victims with our interest in quickly returning people to their countries.    “The U.S. must also make clear that the Deferred Action program, or any law or policy for that matter, does not and will not apply to any recent arrivals. Furthermore, because the recent wave from Central America spiked after DACA was announced, it is in our interest to wind down this program. If you are not currently in it, you should not be eligible for it. For President Obama to raise hopes it may actually be unilaterally expanded is irresponsible and threatens to make this problem even worse.    “As Congress prepares to consider spending proposals to address these problems, we need to make sure that there are adequate resources to deal with the ongoing wave in an expeditious and humanitarian manner, while also providing lasting solutions that discourage illegal immigration. This includes additional fencing, manpower and technology resources on the southwest border, as well as stronger interior enforcement provisions.” 
Rubio Again Calls On Obama To Impose Targeted Sanctions On Human Rights Violators In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1z8wV6a  “Sadly, Maduro's persecution of Mr. Lopez is emblematic of his regime's methods to cling to power. Since peaceful demonstrations erupted in February 2014, the government’s barbaric repression has resulted in 41 deaths, more than 2200 detentions, at least 50 documented cases of torture, and more than 70 students imprisoned without due process,” wrote Rubio. “Opposition leaders like Maria Corina Machado have been physically attacked and threatened with judicial prosecution. For these blatant violations of basic human rights, not a single Venezuelan official has paid a price.   “I urge you to take action and immediately impose meaningful diplomatic and financial sanctions on individuals participating on these heinous acts, including on individuals that have ordered or directed the arrest or prosecution of individuals for legitimately exercising their God-given rights,” added Rubio. 
Rubio Urges Palestinian Authority To Denounce Hamas: http://1.usa.gov/UvuyKQ  “The fact is that I have always been supportive of the Palestinian people’s desire to live side by side peacefully with Israel. This is a point I reinforced in my meeting with then-Prime Minister Salam Fayyad in Ramallah last year. You and your government, however, have not helped your cause in recent months,” wrote Rubio. “Instead of continuing negotiations with Israel over a peaceful settlement, your leadership instead decided to again unilaterally seek statehood. Then, you chose to partner with a terrorist organization, Hamas, to form a power sharing government. Now, as that terrorist organization is conducting indiscriminate attacks against Israeli civilians, instead of vocally opposing their actions, your government seems to be embracing their hateful rhetoric, and even backing their unrealistic ceasefire demands.”   “The path to a peaceful and prosperous future is not through the murderous ideology of Hamas and its Iranian allies. It will not be achieved through rocket fire, covert missile shipments, tunnels, weapons hidden in houses and the use of human shields. It will not be reached through the glorification of violence and martyrdom. It will only be achieved if those Palestinians that care about peace, that support moderation, that want to respect the fundamental rights of all parties, Israelis and Palestinians, to achieve their full potential as human beings, are willing to speak out,” added Rubio. “I have said that the deaths of civilians in Gaza are 100 percent the fault of Hamas and I stand by that statement. However, increasingly, I am coming to the conclusion that it is the failed leadership of President Abbas and your government that is also to blame. The Palestinian people deserve better than the leaders that have brought them to this point.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses the Border Crisis with Megyn Kelly
Rubio Comments On Long-Awaited Freedom For Christian Sudanese Woman And Her Family: http://1.usa.gov/1ohrVsl  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the freedom of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death for refusing to recant her Christian faith, and her family. Since May, Rubio has advocated on behalf of Meriam and her family, passing a resolution through the Senate that called for her immediate and unconditional release from a Sudanese prison.   “We should all be relieved and elated that Meriam and her children are finally free. As Christians around the world are being persecuted, attacked and even killed, Meriam's freedom is good news in an otherwise depressing state of affairs. I want to thank all those who have been working tirelessly to secure Meriam's freedom, particularly our Italian allies who helped deliver her and her family to their free soil over the past 24 hours.   “Meriam leaves behind a Sudan plagued by religious intolerance and laws that explicitly ban the universally guaranteed right of all people to practice their faiths as they wish. If we do not keep up the pressure on the Sudanese government to change, there will continue to be other Meriams.   “Meriam is just one of thousands, potentially millions, of Christians worldwide whose lives are in danger because of their religious beliefs. The U.S. government must continue to make religious freedom a core of our global human rights agenda, by speaking out for those being denied it and using every tool at our disposal to pressure repressive governments to recognize the virtues of tolerance and religious pluralism.   “As the State Department prepares to use its platform next Monday to highlight threats to religious freedom around the world through its annual International Religious Freedom report, I also call on the administration to back its words with actions. This means targeting religious freedom violators with sanctions under existing law, as well as finally taking the long overdue step of filling the post of Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom. There is no excuse for this important post to have gone vacant as it has for nine months.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Save A Tampa Cigar Institution: http://www.tampabay.com/opinion/columns/column-save-a-tampa-cigar-institution/2189706  ...  Newman is not being threatened by economic recession. It's not in danger of closing its doors for being too slow to adapt in a changing industry, nor is it being out-innovated by its competitors. Newman employees' jobs aren't at risk because of 21st century automation or cheaper overseas labor. On the contrary, the human touch involved in its cigarmaking is part of the charm and craftsmanship that sets them apart.   No, what now threatens Newman is that a federal government agency, the Food and Drug Administration, decided to write regulations targeting the premium cigar industry that are so constricting that they have the practical effect of singling out Newman by proposing to regulate high-quality, hand-rolled cigars in the same manner as the makers of low-quality, machine-made cigars. This means more needless FDA testing, paperwork and fees.  ...
Rubio, Colleagues Seek Congressional Review Of Any Final Iran Nuclear Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/WFEnb2  …   “Any final agreement of a matter of this consequence should be reviewed by this body, should come before Congress, and should have the ability of Congress to provide oversight over it. And the absence of that, I believe, unfortunately, leaves us vulnerable – not just to a terrible deal –  but to a dangerous one that could potentially endanger the future of our allies and even of our own country.”     ...     “So the Iranians in this whole negotiation view themselves as being in a position of strength. To be quite frank, they believe that our president wants this deal more than they do. They believe he wants this deal more than they do. And that's what puts them in this tremendous position of strength. And the result is that these negotiations are not going to, in my view – I hope that I'm wrong, I hope that tomorrow we open up and read, you know what? They've changed their mind. They don't want to do any more terrorism, no rockets and no nuclear weapon program and they've become just a normal government and a normal country.   “Don't hold your hopes out for that because that is not what they've shown in the past, that is not what they're doing now, and they are negotiating from a position of strength because they believe that the president wants a deal much more than they want or need a deal.” 
Senator Rubio Delivers Address On Values At Catholic University: http://1.usa.gov/1jVK66Z  Rubio: “A strong America is not possible without strong Americans – a people formed by the values necessary for success, the values of education and hard work, strong marriages and empowered parents. These are values that made us the greatest nation ever, and these are the values that will lead us to a future even better than our past.”
NBC Tampa: Senator Rubio Works To Keep A Family-Owned, Tampa Cigar Company In Business 
Senator Rubio previewed today's values speech with WFLA Tallahassee earlier this morning
Rubio Comments On Latest Court Ruling Against ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/1kQfSNU  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding a federal appeals court ruling against the Obama Administration’s implementation of ObamaCare:   “Once again, a court ruling against ObamaCare has reminded us that this law was poorly conceived, poorly written, and has been poorly executed by an Obama Administration that believes it can just make up and change the rules as it goes.   “It’s just the tip of the iceberg with a law that’s also destined to either crush patients with obscenely high costs, lead to a taxpayer bailout of health insurance companies, or both. ObamaCare is a bad piece of public policy that needs to be repealed and replaced.   “With two conflicting appellate court rulings on ObamaCare today, I reaffirm my belief that this law ultimately will fall apart.”  
ICYMI: Rubio: Holding Iran Accountable: 1.usa.gov/UmdWFT  Last week, negotiators from the P5+1 group of countries and Iran agreed to extend their talks regarding a comprehensive nuclear deal until late November.   Missing from the discussion about the extension is a fundamental question that the Obama administration is glossing over. What is the U.S. relationship with Iran going to look like after the negotiations even if a nuclear deal is concluded? Administration officials have avoided discussing this, just as they did before finalizing the Joint Plan of Action (JPOA). At that time, the administration was loath to admit that an Iranian enrichment capability would be acceptable after years of U.S. policy that clearly stated that Iran must halt all enrichment. The reality is that no credible deal with Iran would allow for domestic Iranian enrichment at any level.   Similarly, the White House claims that the JPOA and now this four-month extension of negotiations do not limit America’s ability to target ongoing Iranian support for terrorism or its human-rights abuses. But the administration has avoided any provocative actions on these issues since the negotiations began.  ... 
Senator Rubio remembers Oswaldo Payá and Harold Cepero, and their efforts to bring freedom and democracy to Cuba: http://bit.ly/1nQCEVG  Two years ago the Castro regime murdered Oswaldo Payá and Harold Cepero. These two men had devoted their lives to bringing freedom and democracy to Cuba, only to be fatally run off the road as they drove on a Cuban highway - a plot orchestrated by the regime which they attempted to cover up.  We have seen too many instances like this of regime aggression and murder that goes unpunished. At every turn, foreign governments and international bodies like the OAS and UN have been stymied in their attempts to investigate this crime.  The U.S. government and the international community must continue pushing for the Cuban regime to allow an impartial, third party investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death of Oswaldo and Harold.  Since a Spanish citizen was with them and survived the car crash, it is incumbent on the Spanish government to hold the Cuban regime accountable for endangering one of their citizens and for their subsequent attempts to silence him as a witness.  Today we remember Oswaldo and Harold for their courageous efforts and extraordinary lives. We stand in solidarity with their loved ones - particularly Oswaldo's daughter, Rosa Maria, who last year visited the Senate asking for assistance seeking justice. We need to make sure that not only is justice served but that we not allow Oswaldo's and Harold's sacrifices to have been in vain by enabling the regime's grip in power.  ...
Senator Rubio marks the 45th Anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing with Buzz Aldrin
Rubio On Malaysia Airlines Attack: Russian Aggression Has Brought Us To This Point : http://1.usa.gov/1yDiiYc  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the attack on Malaysia Airlines flight MH17:   “The attack on Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 is a senseless act. I mourn the loss of innocent life, including at least one American and citizens from so many allies and friends of the United States. I agree with President Obama that there should be an independent investigation, but this is not just about an investigation or securing the crash site.   “Even as we investigate the source of the missile system involved and what support was provided to those who fired it, we need to remember that Vladimir Putin’s unlawful annexation of Crimea and his ongoing efforts to destabilize Ukraine have brought us to this point and have now cost the lives of nearly 300 innocent civilians.   “As I said earlier this week after President Obama announced the latest round of U.S. sanctions against Russia, American officials continue to issue hollow threats, while Russia sows instability as it flagrantly violates Ukraine’s sovereignty by providing weapons and assistance to separatists.   “This horrific event is a terrible reminder of why clear, decisive and morally unambiguous American leadership is so desperately needed in the world. It is time for the United States and our allies to impose sectoral sanctions on President Putin and his government, especially against the energy, defense and banking sectors, and significantly increase our support, including lethal assistance, to the Government of Ukraine which has shown itself to be the only responsible actor throughout this crisis. The civilized world cannot continue to stand idly by while these types of flagrant violations of basic humanity and international order continue.” 
Rubio Urges President To Send Clear Message: We Are On Israel’s Side: http://1.usa.gov/UdNcXC  “[W]hat they need from this country is a president and a U.S. government that aligns itself squarely on their side. No double-talk, no fancy diplomatic language that you can read between the lines on. A very clear statement.  In this conflict, we are on Israel’s side, and we will support them with anything they need to ensure their stability and their survival.”
ICYMI: Rubio in Power Line: Russia-Cuba Cooperation A Sign Of Growing Threats In Latin America: http://bit.ly/1oJvzaC  Following the news in recent months has sometimes felt as if we’ve opened a time capsule from the Cold War – when Soviet Union aggression was the norm along with its determination to prop up U.S. adversaries in the Western Hemisphere, most notably the Castro regime in Cuba. Today, Russia under Vladimir Putin has challenged the international order through its unlawful annexation of Crimea and continued provocations against Ukraine. In our own hemisphere, there is growing evidence of Russia’s interest in reconstituting their Cold War-era presence in the region. Just this week, in the wake of Putin’s visit to Havana, reports emerged about Russia’s renewed push to improve intelligence operations in Cuba.  ...
ICYMI: Rubio discussed the border crisis with Bill O'Reilly on last night's "The O'Reilly Factor"
Rubio: Limited Action Against Russia Makes U.S. Threats Look Hollow: http://1.usa.gov/1oJCmkG  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s announcement to impose new sanctions on Russia:   “The sanctions announced today by President Obama are inadequate. It is shameful that in the face of continued Russian aggression against Ukraine, the United States and our European allies remain unwilling to take decisive action to impose comprehensive sanctions against Russia’s banking, energy and arms sectors. Just in recent days, Russia has launched attacks against Ukrainian forces defending their sovereign territory and increased military assistance to separatists who are sowing chaos and instability in eastern Ukraine. Russia’s actions in Ukraine are not ‘targeted’ or calibrated to avoid economic repercussions. Its ongoing aggression against Ukraine is a direct threat to the post-World War II international order.     “In the pace and scope of U.S. assistance to Ukraine and the willingness to impose tough penalties on Putin, President Obama continues to act as if the U.S. does not have a direct interest in the outcome of the Ukrainian people’s struggle to choose their own destiny. Limited actions like those announced today make U.S. threats look hollow. Instead of continuing to avoid decisive action, it is time to stand with our Ukrainian partners, including immediate provision of lethal assistance requested by Ukraine, as they attempt to enjoy the fruits of freedom.” 
Senator Rubio Discusses The Border Crisis With Sean Hannity 
Rubio, Warner Introduce Dynamic Student Loan Repayment Act: http://1.usa.gov/1oYGd07  “On average, today’s graduates carry nearly $30,000 in student loan debt. But our current loan repayment system often turns what should be reasonable debts into crippling payments. Some graduates are forced to work multiple jobs, often in fields they didn’t train for, simply to keep from defaulting on these loans,” Rubio and Warner said in a joint statement. “Current income-driven repayment plans are underutilized because the system is so complicated. Our proposal doesn’t just layer another option on top of existing plans. Instead, it will streamline the current repayment options into a simpler, user-friendly repayment plan, one that automatically adjusts to the changes in a borrower’s income with none of the hassle or paperwork required in the current system.”    “This issue is personal for both of us,” Rubio and Warner said. “Neither of us could have attended college were it not for federal student loans. We both remember months when our paychecks were low and we weren’t sure if we could make our payments. Each of us has heard from constituents affected by crippling student debt. Our Dynamic Student Loan Repayment Act will provide an additional tool to help borrowers meet their obligations, and this must be part of a broader conversation about how to make higher education more affordable.”  
Bipartisan Maritime Security Resolution For The Asia-Pacific Region Approved By U.S. Senate: http://1.usa.gov/1qrLVHg  “Freedom of navigation in the Asia-Pacific region is what makes trade and peace possible, and this resolution reinforces the Senate’s commitment to this goal,” said Senator Rubio, ranking member of the Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs. “As countries like China attempt to disrupt the region by violating international agreements and making illegitimate territorial claims, it’s a key time for the U.S. government to remind our allies, partners in the region and the entire world that America is fully committed to continued peace and prosperity in Asia.”
Rubio Discusses the Border Crisis on FOX Orlando
Rubio, Shaheen Introduce The Girls Count Act: http://1.usa.gov/1xZMEUp  Every year, approximately 51 million children under the age of five are not registered at birth, most of whom are girls. Proof of birth determines a child’s citizenship, nationality, place of birth, parentage and age, which are critical to ensuring children remain a part of society and do not fall victim to dangers such as exploitation.     “Young boys and girls of all ages deserve to be properly recognized and identified. Failing to register children at birth leaves them vulnerable to human trafficking and exploitation, yet millions of children around the world continue to be denied this basic human right,” said Rubio. “While both boys and girls fail to receive proper identification in their countries, it is young women who are disproportionately affected. These young girls deserve to be recognized, and they deserve to be counted.   “A nationally recognized proof of birth system is critical to establishing key documentation for a child, which ultimately ensures that child can go on to fully participate and contribute to society,” added Rubio. “The Girls Count Act will help pave the way for women to benefit from new opportunities previously denied to them, and is a strong step forward in the fight against human trafficking and forced labor.”  
Rubio Urges Administration To Advocate For The Return Of U.S. Marine Jailed In Mexico: http://1.usa.gov/1rbdi9X  “I am very dismayed by the judicial order to continue detaining Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi in Mexico. Sgt. Tahmooressi has been languishing in a Mexican prison long enough.    “My office met with Sgt. Tahmooressi’s mother in Florida last week and has been in contact with the family from the start of this ordeal. We remain committed to doing whatever we can to assist them during this difficult time.   “It’s time for the Obama Administration to wake up and advocate for his return home. The Obama Administration’s virtual silence and inaction on Sgt. Tahmooressi’s case has been beyond troubling. It’s sheer indifference. The Obama Administration needs to step up our diplomatic efforts to bring this Marine home.”  
Rubio Releases Constituent Service Report As His Office Marks 500th Mobile Office Hours Event. REPORT: http://1.usa.gov/1lWsQsF  “Today, my office and I are proud to celebrate our 500th Mobile Office Hours event, with an identity theft and scam prevention seminar that’s being held in Winter Park, Florida.    “Since my election in 2010, my biggest priority has been making sure that my staff and I are available to help constituents with whatever federal assistance they may need.   “Case after case, we have been reminded of how the federal government impacts – and sometimes stands in the way of – people’s ability to achieve the American Dream.   “Whether it’s the case of a constituent whose tax refund is delayed, or by helping one of our veterans who is having a problem receiving their benefits. Or a matter of expediting a visa or a passport, or by putting together seminars that aim to protect Floridians from scams or identity theft – my office and I always stand ready and willing to help.   “More than halfway through my Senate term, I am most proud of knowing that we have made a real difference in the lives of real people. Our service to our constituents has come to be the single, most rewarding part of my job.    “Today, as we mark this occasion of our 500th  Mobile Office Hours event, my office and I renew our commitment to serve the people of Florida to the very best of our abilities.” 
Rubio Urges Obama To Fill Vacant Post For Ambassador For International Religious Freedom: http://1.usa.gov/1qkqKGW  “Across the globe, religious minorities are being persecuted for exercising their right to practice their faith. A clear recent example was the case of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese woman who was sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her Christian faith. Although she is no longer in detention, her case remains bogged down in the Sudanese court system,” wrote Rubio. “The United States needs a senior government official who promotes religious freedom to intervene in Meriam’s case as well as others like it.    “The natural choice would be the position of Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom but that post has been vacant for over 9 months now,” added Rubio. “In order to display the United States’ dedication to religious freedom, we must have an Ambassador-at-Large in place to lead our efforts to protect and promote religious freedom.” 
Rubio To Obama: Punish Human Rights Violators In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1r8mcoA  “Three months ago, the Senate unanimously passed a resolution urging you to impose targeted sanctions, including visa bans and asset freezes, against officials involved in this ongoing repression. I have been working with Senators Menendez and Nelson on legislation that would impose such sanctions immediately,” wrote Rubio. “I intend to seek Senate passage of this bill in the coming weeks, a version of which the House of Representatives has already passed, to ensure that Congress continues to send a strong message to the Maduro regime.   “I urge you to heed these bipartisan calls from Congress and take action immediately. You already have the ability to begin to make life more difficult for those involved in brutal human rights abuses and corruption,” added Rubio. “By preventing these individuals and their families from traveling to and investing in the United States, you can make clear that those who violate the Venezuelan people's fundamental freedoms will pay a significant price.” 
Rubio Discusses Human Trafficking During Subcommittee Hearing: http://1.usa.gov/VFtp4M  …   Senator Rubio: “Just here, domestically, I think one of the most important things we need to continue to do – and this is more of an editorial statement – is we need to make it very clear there is nothing culturally acceptable about going to these other countries, as Americans, and participating in these sorts of things.   “I mean, there’s this attitude, that I’ve run into now and then, where things we would never do in this country is ok if we do it somewhere else because in those countries it’s culturally acceptable in some way.   “I think you’ve seen this reflected, sometimes, in popular culture, but even anecdotally among people. And I think one of the things -- we have to be very clear in that there is nothing acceptable about us, or Americans, going abroad to one of these countries and going into brothels at all, not to mention those that have people underage working there.    “And I think that’s important to point out because we do find the presence of Westerners and Americans frequenting some of these places that we’ve talked about in the sex trafficking industry, and we should truly try to stigmatize that in our society.”   … 
Senator Rubio wishes all Americans a safe and happy Fourth of July
ICYMI: Rubio Marks 50th Anniversary of Civil Rights Act: http://bit.ly/1mK7vTm  As we gather with family and friends this week to mark the Fourth of July, let us keep in mind the defining value that sets this nation apart – the founding principle that stands as our greatest cause for pride and celebration: that every American deserves an equal opportunity to achieve a happy and fulfilling life.   Equality of opportunity is the driving force behind the American Dream. Yet while this Dream was born on a July day in 1776, one of its greatest strides toward full realization came on a July day in 1964. The enactment of the Civil Rights Act 50 years ago today helped bring the American Dream within reach of millions who had been excluded from its promise.   By outlawing discrimination based on race, religion, gender, or country of origin, the Civil Rights Act gave legal backing to our core value of equal rights so that America could begin to heal its racial fractures and, in the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., “live out the true meaning of its creed.”  ...
Rubio Comments On The Brutal Killing Of Three Teenagers In Israel: http://1.usa.gov/V7iwIO  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today released the following statement regarding the brutal killing of three teenagers in Israel:   “My family’s thoughts and prayers are with the people of Israel and especially the families of Naftali Fraenkel, Gilad Shaar and Eyal Yifrach during this difficult time.   “The brutal killing of three innocent teenagers in Israel should serve as a reminder of what Hamas truly represents. This is more evidence that Hamas should not be allowed to participate in any Palestinian government or elections unless they renounce terrorism and accept Israel’s right to exist.   “Until then, I hope the administration will listen to the voices in Congress and in the Israeli government calling for a suspension of assistance to the power-sharing Palestinian government. That is the least we can do to honor the lives of Naftali, Gilad and Eyal.” 
Rubio Comments On Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Decision: http://1.usa.gov/1me0Fv2  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today released the following statement after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby and religious liberty:   “A key part of the American Dream has always been the ability of our people to freely practice their faiths without government interference. ObamaCare’s mandates have threatened to change this and, in doing so, erode the American Dream as we know it and our people’s ability to live it. The Supreme Court has correctly recognized that ObamaCare’s trampling of religious liberty in the Hobby Lobby case should not stand.   “ObamaCare was written and passed with a clear disregard for the reality that millions of Americans are inspired by their faiths in all aspects of their lives, including the way entrepreneurs manage their businesses. In America, no one should be forced to violate their religious beliefs if they wish to run a business.    “The Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby decision is a re-affirmation of America’s commitment to religious freedom and a reminder of why ObamaCare is such a flawed law that needs to be entirely repealed and replaced.”  
ICYMI: Rubio: Stop ISIS Terrorists Now, Before It's Too Late: http://cnn.it/1sJXizE  ...  So, what should we do?   First and foremost, we need to move now to degrade ISIS’s capabilities. The President’s decision to send 300 advisers to Iraq is a good first step, but their ability to deter ISIS will be limited unless we eventually engage in airstrikes to target their leaders as well as the supply lines that they use to transfer weapons and fighters between Syria and Iraq. We know where these supply lines are, we should not hesitate to halt the ISIS resupply to their strongholds in Anbar, Ninawa and Salah ad-Din.  ...
Rubio Comments On Obama Announcement To Seek Aid For Syrian Opposition: http://1.usa.gov/1miE0Yy  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding President Obama’s announcement to seek $500 million from Congress to aid members of the Syrian opposition:   “There should no longer be any question that what is happening in Syria directly impacts U.S. national security. The consequences of the Obama Administration’s inaction and inability to articulate and implement a coherent Syria strategy is now painfully evident across the Middle East, especially in Iraq, and now threatens U.S. partners such as Jordan.   “While I await the details of this announcement, I'm supportive of the President’s decision to seek $500 million in assistance to train and arm vetted, moderate rebels in Syria. This is long overdue and the U.S. must lead, with European and regional partners, in helping to develop a cadre of fighters who will alienate ISIL and al Nusra Islamic extremists, and take the fight directly to Bashar al-Assad.     “The current turmoil in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and elsewhere was foreseeable and the result of a rudderless foreign policy that has only contributed to endangering American interests and emboldening our enemies. We must act now to reverse this trend with a robust commitment on behalf of the Department of Defense and Department of State to tackle this problem while ensuring any weapons we provide do not end up in the wrong hands. We do not have any more time to waste.” 
Rubio On Venezuela Sanctions Legislation: Let’s Get This Done: http://1.usa.gov/VrKm2X  Rubio: “So we’re going to try to get this done one more time through unanimous approval, and we’re going to work over the next 10 days to hopefully get everyone’s support. But if we cannot do it that way, I hope we can schedule a vote on the Senate floor on this bill so we can go after and sanction those criminals in Venezuela who are stealing the money of the Venezuelan people, and using the strength and the power of that government to attack their own people.”
NBC Tampa: Rubio Works to Free Jailed Florida-Based Crew in Honduras
Rubio Previews Speech On Middle Class Economic Challenges On CNBC  Rubio: “The fundamental challenge that we face is that every single one of our institutions in this country – from government to higher education and everything in between – has completely failed to adjust to 21st century reality. None of them are responsive to the new world that we now live in, where globalization and information technology have changed the nature of our economy. And our laws and our education system simply don’t reflect this.”
Rubio Delivers Remarks At House-Senate Conference Committee On VA Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1rvqh5M  Rubio: “Reforming the VA is long overdue. The truth is that it shouldn't have taken all these problems reaching the scandalous levels for Washington to finally wake up and act. But here we are now with an opportunity to act. So let’s do it. Our veterans have waited long enough.” 
Rubio: Sudanese Government Must Release Meriam Yahia Ibrahim And Her Family: http://1.usa.gov/VlgsgF  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued a statement regarding the detention of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim, a Sudanese woman who was imprisoned and sentenced to death earlier this year for refusing to recant her Christian faith. Following Ibrahim’s release yesterday, she and her husband Daniel Wani, an American citizen, were detained with their two children at an airport in the capital Khartoum while trying to leave the country.   Rubio was the Senate’s lead sponsor of the unanimously passed resolution that called for her immediate and unconditional release, and the inclusion of religious freedom and respect for international human rights during the drafting of Sudan’s new constitution.   “I am disgusted by the  detention of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim and the detention of her American husband Daniel Wani and their two young children,” said Rubio. “After being persecuted for her faith, and facing the unimaginable fear of being sentenced to death, Meriam and her family were trying to leave Sudan to live their lives free from religious persecution. Instead the Sudanese government is continuing to violate their fundamental rights by denying them the ability to leave Sudan to escape persecution.   “Meriam should have never been arrested in the first place, but her detention along with the detention of her husband, an American citizen, requires immediate action,” added Rubio. “I urge the U.S. Department of State and U.S. Department of Homeland Security to do everything in their power to secure the release of Meriam, Daniel, and their children, and to make sure they have the ability to exercise their religious freedom in the U.S. if they so choose.” 
Senator Rubio calls IRS Commissioner’s attitude at yesterday’s House Oversight hearing “unbelievable”
ICYMI: Rubio discussed the threat ISIS advances in Iraq pose on U.S. security during an interview on CBS' "Face the Nation"
Rubio Answers the Question "What Would Reagan Do?" About Situation in Iraq
ICYMI: Rubio: How To Fight Human Trafficking: http://bit.ly/1pmSfz6  Each day, innocent people are being trafficked in Florida, across the U.S. and around the world. It’s hard to imagine slavery like this still exists today, but it does. Fortunately, greater public awareness and improved law-enforcement efforts have helped combat the problem, save countless victims, and bring human traffickers to justice. But there is much more work to be done, at home and abroad.   Today, the U.S. State Department released its 2014 Trafficking In Persons Report, which highlights the prevalence of the problem globally and rates foreign governments’ efforts to combat it. This important report breaks down in detail the nature of a problem that is estimated to affect almost 21 million people worldwide who are now in forced labor, of whom 4.5 million are being sexually exploited.   This year, Venezuela, Thailand, Malaysia, and the Gambia were singled out by our State Department for their particularly atrocious records on human trafficking. Many more were chided for not doing enough to combat this problem within their borders, while others were commended for taking important actions to protect their citizens.   Documenting and highlighting all of this is essential, but the truly important work begins now that the report has been released. We must use every tool at our disposal to apply pressure on problem countries to change. We must shame those who deserve it, and praise and support those who are fighting the problem. We should condition our foreign assistance in part on the effectiveness of other countries’ efforts to protect victims and punish traffickers... 
Senators Rubio, Booker Introduce Legislation To Expand Unlicensed Spectrum Use: http://1.usa.gov/1kUWxd4  At a time when demand for spectrum is drastically increasing, the legislation aims to provide more of this valuable resource to the public to bolster innovation, spur economic development, and increase connectivity.   “In a century defined by drastic and colossal technological advancement, it is hard going even a day without using our cell phones, tablets and other wireless devices,” said Rubio. “Access to mobile broadband enhances our daily lives, facilitating quality work and timely communication. But our wireless devices rely on spectrum, a valuable and limited resource.   “To meet the demands of our time, action must be taken to ensure spectrum is utilized effectively and efficiently,” added Rubio. “This bill requires the FCC to conduct testing that would provide more spectrum to the public and ultimately put the resource to better use, while recognizing the future needs and important work being done in intelligent transportation. I am pleased that Senator Booker has joined me in this effort to foster the innovation and economic growth needed to make this century another American century.”
Earlier today, Senator Rubio addressed the importance of restoring American values during a speech at the Faith and Freedom Coalition’s 2014 Road to Majority Policy Conference
ICYMI: Rubio: Situation In Iraq Puts American Lives At Risk: http://1.usa.gov/1qgTAZN  Rubio: “This matters because we can never again allow a radical terrorist group linked to Al Qaeda, or anyone for that matter, to set up safe havens from which they can carry out attacks against America. 9/11 may have never happened if Al Qaeda didn’t have a safe harbor and a safe haven in Afghanistan. We can’t allow that to happen again. We just can’t. American lives are put at risk by this.”
Rubio On The Situation In Iraq: We Must Learn The Lessons Of History, Obama Must Lead: http://1.usa.gov/1jzp2xi  Rubio: “Never again can we allow an Al Qaeda-style group to establish a safe haven where they can plot against us anywhere on this planet. And the choice before you, Mr. President, is you either deal with it now or some future president and future Congresses and future Americans will deal with it later.”
Rubio: Death Of American Hostage’s Mother Shows Cruel Nature Of Castro Regime: http://1.usa.gov/1r8oenX  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding the death of Evelyn Gross, the mother of Alan Gross, who has been held hostage by the Castro regime in Cuba since 2009:   “My thoughts and prayers are with Alan Gross and his entire family during this difficult time. Evelyn Gross loved her son dearly, and it’s a shame on the Castro regime that she had to spend the final years of her life pleading for his freedom.   “This is a tragic example of just how cruel and heartless the Castro regime is. No son and no mother deserve the fate that Alan Gross and his mother faced over the last five years.   “Today, we should join the Gross family in solidarity during this moment of grief. But all decent people around the world should be outraged by the continued imprisonment of Alan Gross. We should work for his immediate unconditional release and  ensure that this already tragic story can at least end with Alan Gross’ freedom and reunification with his surviving family.” 
Rubio Discusses Captured Benghazi Attack Suspect, ISIL Advances In Iraq: http://1.usa.gov/1yiNFYN  RUBIO ON BENGHAZI SUSPECT: “I think that the reason why we want to apprehend terrorists and take him to a facility like Guantanamo is because you want to be able to access actual intelligence. … You want to get information about who else is out there in the battlefield, what else are they planning, where are they located, the sorts of things you’re able to get through an extended period of interrogation, which you won’t get once they read their Miranda rights and are assigned a lawyer.”   RUBIO ON ISIL ADVANCES IN IRAQ: “This ISIL group is an extremely dangerous group. They have now established, or are on the verge of establishing, a safe haven in both areas that encompass both Syria and Iraq. And I think what we need to do is we should target – in any way possible, through the air and any other means available to us – the supply routes that are allowing them to carry out this advance.”  
Rubio: Captured Benghazi Attack Suspect Should Be Sent To Gitmo: 1.usa.gov/1q96fhr  “It is long overdue that justice be delivered to the terrorists who conducted the attacks of September 11, 2012 against U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya and killed four Americans. The capture of Ahmed Abu Khattala is welcome news, and a testament to the bravery and skill of U.S. special forces and the FBI.    “The Obama Administration should immediately transfer him to the military detention center at Guantanamo Bay for detention and interrogation. In order to locate all individuals associated with the attacks that led to the deaths of four Americans, we need intelligence. That intelligence is often obtained through an interrogation process.    “At times, this Administration has been more interested in the politics of the war on terrorism than the execution of it, and we have not had an articulable detention policy in six years. I look forward to hearing from the Administration how they plan to obtain information from Ahmed Abu Khattala, where they intend to detain him, and what the next steps are for going after those responsible for these attacks.   “America remains at war and a return to the failed law enforcement approach of the 1990s is not an adequate response to the very real threats we face.”  
Rubio Calls On Administration To Impose Additional Sanctions On Russia: http://1.usa.gov/1kYwfeM  “The tragic events of recent days show once again that Russia continues to violate Ukraine’s sovereignty by supporting separatist forces with increasingly sophisticated weapons, and now tanks. We cannot continue to stand idly by in the face of this Russian aggression.   “I call on the Obama administration to immediately impose sectoral sanctions on Russia targeting the financial services, energy, defense, metals, and mining sectors, among others, and work with our European allies to do the same. We also need to be more responsive to Ukraine’s requests for assistance, including lethal support that addresses the needs of their security forces.     “More than six weeks ago, I joined my colleagues in introducing S.2277, The Russian Aggression Prevention Act of 2014, which would impose significant sanctions on the Putin regime and provide support to our European allies and partners, including Ukraine. I urge my colleagues to support this bill or offer their own alternatives as soon as possible so that Russia’s escalation of the situation in Ukraine does not go unanswered.    “President Putin continues to test the United States and he is not paying a price for doing so.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: America’s Families Need Strong Fathers: http://dailycaller.com/2014/06/14/americas-families-need-strong-fathers/  "This Father’s Day, I’m reminded of the many sacrifices my dad made to give me the chance at a life better than his. I’m also reminded of the smaller moments he and I shared as a father and son.   I’ll never forget when I was a boy and the doctor told me I had to wear leg braces to correct knee problems. I often refused to put them on. But every day when I refused, the phone would ring and – to my great surprise – on the other end would be Don Shula, head coach of the Miami Dolphins. “If you want to play for me one day,” he’d say, “you’d better put on those braces.”   It didn’t occur to me until years later that, unlike Coach Shula, the man on the phone had a Cuban accent and sounded suspiciously like my dad.   Funny as that is, it also touches me. It reminds me that my father was more than merely present in my life, he was active, caring and encouraged me to dream. He truly believed that, with love and support, his children would achieve the things he never could.   Now that I’m a father, I think back on his example and strive to live up to it. ..." 
Rubio Visits the VA Medical Center in West Palm Beach
Senator Rubio wishes the U.S. Army a Happy 239th Birthday. Thank you for your commitment to this country, and for protecting our many freedoms.
Rubio: Terrorists In Iraq Threaten U.S. Security  Rubio: “The choice before us will be whether we prevent it now, or whether we deal with the consequences of it later. And I urge the White House to take this matter for the importance that it deserves and to come to this Congress, as soon as possible, with a clear and concrete plan on how we are going to deal with and engage in this emerging emergency situation that we now face that threatens the national security of the United States now, and places a grave threat to the national security of our country in the years to come.”
Senate Unanimously Approves Rubio, King Bill To Provide Independent Check On Targeting Decisions: http://1.usa.gov/1jnlcaq  “In passing this legislation, we are adding an additional layer of review to any consideration for lethal strike of a U.S. person who has joined enemy forces overseas. While in no way do we limit the commander-in-chief’s ability to conduct war, we are safeguarding that the executive branch fully considers any targeted lethal strike of a U.S. citizen by convening a special panel outside the chain of command to consider each case,” said Rubio. “In doing so, we are ensuring that even those U.S. citizens who betray their country and join enemy forces at war with the United States receive an extra level of scrutiny.” 
Rubio Introduces Wireless Innovation Act: http://1.usa.gov/1lrkixG  “The use of wireless broadband and Internet connected devices has caused an explosion of economic growth and innovation that was previously unimagined, and wireless traffic is projected to grow exponentially in the years ahead. In order to meet that demand and ensure that the U.S. continues to lead the world in wireless innovation and technology, we must ensure that the federal government uses its spectrum in an efficient and responsible manner, and we must free up additional spectrum for commercial use.    “This legislation accomplishes both goals by directing NTIA to reallocate federal spectrum for commercial use. The Wireless Innovation Act will also provide transparency on the use and value of federal spectrum and inform the public on how federal entities use a scarce public resource. Passing the Wireless Innovation Act will grow our economy and ensure that consumers continue to enjoy the benefits of wireless technology.”  
Rubio Addresses Iraq’s Reliance on Iran During Senate Foreign Relations Committee Hearing
After Rubio's Push For Greater Accountability, Senate Passes VA Reform Bill  Rubio: “The one I am proudest of, the whole bill is important, but the one I’ve been working on personally, the one that we’ve been engaged in making this happen, is accountability. Giving the Secretary the power to hire and to fire those mid-level bureaucrats that are not doing their job. That’s an important measure, I’m glad it’s included in this.”
ICYMI: Rubio Calls On Reid to Allow Vote on Republican Higher Education Proposals: http://1.usa.gov/1l2Z5dF  Rubio: “All the left is focusing on is pouring more money into an existing, outdated status quo. But they have no ideas, whatsoever, about moving us into the 21st century, in terms of higher education. ... What they’re hoping is that Republicans will just oppose it and have no alternatives. But we do have alternatives. We look forward to talking about those alternatives. And I hope they’ll give us a chance to vote on those alternatives.” 
Senator Rubio Discusses Foreign Policy with Hugh Hewitt and Guy Benson
Rubio Comments On Obama’s Student Loan Announcement: http://1.usa.gov/1keuzIR  “President Obama has correctly identified burdensome student debt as one of the greatest threats facing our economy. The ever-growing cost of college and skyrocketing student debt means that millions of young Americans will have a harder time achieving the American Dream. The solution is to dramatically expand how Americans can access higher education and allow for new ways to pay for it.   “The President’s proposal to expand the existing income-based repayment program may be welcome news for young Americans struggling with the cost of student loan debt. However, it builds on a system that is already too complicated and hard to access. Moving forward, a better approach is the bipartisan proposal I am drafting with Senator Mark Warner. It would end the confusion and hassle by automatically enrolling students into one unified income-based repayment plan. Our plan will be more fiscally responsible for both taxpayers and students than what the President has done unilaterally. Rather than simply taking executive action, I urge the White House to look at our bipartisan plan.   “The President is also calling for the Senate to pass Senator Elizabeth Warren’s student loan legislation, which does nothing to address the growing costs of higher education and puts taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars of existing loan debt. During this week’s Senate debate, l look forward to offering alternative higher education reform ideas that will make higher education more affordable and accessible for young Americans.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Remembering D-Day: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/379748/remembering-d-day-marco-rubio  "When we think about American freedom, we don’t always think about the price that was paid for it. When we think about the advancement of liberty around the world, we don’t always think about the achievements of great men and women before us that made it possible.   The fight for human freedom is as old as mankind itself, and many who have fought so desperately for it have failed to attain it. Yet today we remember a day that stands as one of the greatest triumphs of freedom over oppression, liberty over tyranny, and good over evil in the history of the world.   Seventy years ago today, on June 6, 1944, the Allied Expeditionary Forces, under the command of General Dwight D. Eisenhower, crept across the English channel in the dark of night, stormed through fog and sand and heavy artillery fire, overtook the beaches of Normandy, and began the work of peeling back the shroud of Nazi control that was stretched over Europe.   The evening before the assault was launched, General Eisenhower distributed a letter to the troops outlining the enormity of the next day’s mission: “You will bring about the destruction of the German war machine, the elimination of Nazi tyranny over the oppressed peoples of Europe, and security for ourselves in a free world.”   Never before had the line between good and evil been so bold, the stakes of a battle so high, or the decisiveness of a victory so clear..." 
Rubio Comments On Veterans Bill Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1rP2SQG  “For months, I’ve worked with Representative Jeff Miller and veterans organizations to pass legislation empowering the Veterans Affairs Secretary to fire incompetent and negligent managers. In recent days, I’ve worked with Senators Burr, McCain and Sanders to ensure that this important proposal was included in their veterans bill that the Senate will consider in coming weeks. I am pleased that real accountability measures are included in the legislation. Considering the deep debt of gratitude our nation owes our veterans, I’m optimistic that the Senate will soon join the U.S. House of Representatives and pass these important reforms. As we look forward to voting on this bill, I will be reviewing it closely to ensure it delivers on America’s promises to our veterans.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses VA reform and U.S. foreign policy with Mark Levin 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses the VA reform bill, the Taliban prisoner release, and more with WFLA Tallahassee's Preston Scott. 
ICYMI: Rubio: POW Swap Endangers Americans: http://usat.ly/1mQ6niM  ...  Although the release of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is welcome, the conditions under which it occurred are very worrying. The president has elevated a terrorist group to the position of a nation state’s military, in effect, legitimizing the Taliban. This apparent shift in U.S. policy is troubling for a number of reasons.   First, it demonstrates to other non-state actors and terrorist groups that the U.S. government is willing to deal on a peer-to-peer level, even with terrorist groups that do not respect the laws of armed conflict.   Second, this demand from the Taliban, which was not new, shows that the U.S. was, over time and under pressure, ultimately willing to accede to its requests.   Third, this change in policy may endanger the lives of Americans abroad, both military and civilian, by making U.S. citizens more attractive to pirates, terrorists and any other thugs who expect to get paid or have their demands met in return for the release of a captive American. For instance, al-Qaeda affiliates, particularly in the Sahel, Horn of Africa and Libya use this method as their primary means of revenue generation.  ...
ICYMI: Rubio: Obama Violated Law With Unilateral Release Of Taliban Prisoners: http://1.usa.gov/1l3C9un  Rubio: “The precedent that the President has set is a dangerous one. He has basically told terrorist elements around the world that if you take an American serviceman hostage, you can get five, six, three – however many number of your own folks – released. And these are dangerous people. I mean these are people that we’re returning back to the battlefield.” 
Rubio Presses Administration For Answers On Taliban Prisoner Exchange: http://1.usa.gov/1jORGJO  “In agreeing to release five, hardened Afghan Taliban leaders, I am concerned the United States is setting a dangerous precedent by negotiating with terrorists that remain at war with the United States and are responsible for daily attacks against U.S. soldiers, the Afghan people and government, and is actively working to destabilize the region,” wrote Rubio. “I am also deeply troubled that this exchange occurred just days after the President announced he was withdrawing the remaining troops in Afghanistan on an artificial timetable that bears no relation to our strategic goals in that part of the world. At the very time when we are drawing down our forces in Afghanistan, and exposing remaining forces to greater risk, we just returned five, senior enemy combatants who a year from now may be back on the battlefield.   “This exchange may further endanger American lives and encourage terrorist kidnappings of U.S. citizens as a means to extract additional concessions from the U.S. Government,” added Rubio. “Further, serious questions remain about the willingness and capability of the Qatari government to monitor these detainees, share intelligence on their activities, and ensure they are not reengaging with terrorist elements.” 
Rubio Calls On Reid To Allow A Senate Vote On VA Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1pPnBit  “As the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, you and you alone control what legislation is brought before the Senate for a vote. In this important role, you can make a vital difference in the reforms that are needed to improve the quality of care our nation’s heroes receive,” wrote Rubio. “As you know, the House of Representatives recently passed the common sense and bi-partisan S. 2013 The VA Management and Accountability Act of 2014 with the support of 165 Democrats.    “That legislation is now before the Senate for consideration and is sponsored by ten Senate Democrats, including the Senators from Arkansas, California, Florida, Louisiana, Minnesota, Montana, New Hampshire, North Carolina and Virginia,” added Rubio. “Their backing means there is currently a strong bi-partisan support for this legislation which would bring accountability to VA and empower the leadership therein to make the same hiring and firing decisions you enjoy as a United States Senator with your own staff.    “This legislation alone will not solve all the problems at the VA. Problems which, to be fair, existed before President Obama took office. But this legislation will take an important step forward in helping reform this broken government institution,” continued Rubio. “It might also help restore some faith in the Senate’s ability to achieve even incremental reform to a government that too many Americans believe is no longer capable of even the most basic functions.” 
Rubio, Kirk Call On Administration To Halt U.S. Aid To Palestinian Authority: http://1.usa.gov/1oP1rQa  “Israel has gone to great lengths in recent months to negotiate in good faith with the Palestinian Authority, but President Abbas’ announcement earlier today of a Hamas-backed Palestinian transitional government makes clear once again that Israel does not have a viable partner for peace.   “The United States has given more than $5 billion to the Palestinians over the last several decades. U.S. assistance to the Palestinians has played an important role in helping to ensure Israel’s security and promoting stability in Palestinian controlled areas. Current U.S. law is clear – any government over which an unreformed Hamas exercises undue influence and which emerges from a Fatah/Hamas deal is not an appropriate recipient of U.S. assistance. The naming of a technocratic slate of ministers by President Abbas seems to be an attempted end run around these obligations.     “Hamas remains a terrorist group that has killed Americans. Its leaders continue to refuse to accept Israel’s right to exist. One month ago, we wrote to Secretary of State Kerry and urged him to state clearly the U.S. position regarding assistance to a power-sharing government backed by Hamas. We have yet to receive an answer. Now that the President Abbas has announced the new government, consistent with existing U.S. law, we believe that U.S. assistance should be halted and reviewed. Unless Hamas publicly accepts Israel’s right to exist and ceases its support for terrorism, U.S. aid should be suspended to any Palestinian government over which Hamas exercises influence.   “The administration's initial reaction to continue aid is outrageous and runs counter to existing law. We call on the Obama administration to enforce the law. U.S. credibility as well as Israel’s security are at stake.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses VA Reform, Taliban Prisoner Release & Proposed EPA Rules: http://1.usa.gov/1u9kqVs  RUBIO ON VA REFORM: “I think the most important thing we can do right now, immediately, is bring some level of accountability to the VA. Right now, the VA Secretary or the new secretary, whenever we have one in place, if you identify some sort of senior executive who isn’t doing their job – say running a VA hospital – you can’t fire them. You have no power to go in and just fire them.”   RUBIO ON TALIBAN PRISONER RELEASE: “I think this has set a tremendously dangerous precedent in terms of now motivating more Americans to be targeted because the notion that: If you get your hands on an American, you can get yourself five prisoners out of Guantanamo. And beyond it, I think that, as I said, you are returning to the battlefield extremely dangerous people at perhaps the worst possible time as the President announces that the U.S. is scaling back in Afghanistan and eventually withdrawing completely. We’re pulling out, and at the same time as we’re putting in more Taliban fighters.”   RUBIO ON JOB-KILLING EPA RULES: “What they don’t understand, or seem to want to ignore is that the largest contributors of carbon to the atmosphere today are developing countries like China and India. … Americans are going to pay a terrible price for these sorts of unilateral executive actions the President is taking on energy.” 
Rubio: Shinseki Resignation Only First Step Toward Real Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1pEAYC3  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today regarding Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki’s resignation, calling on Senate Democrats to empower his successor and bring greater accountability to the VA by supporting S. 2013, the VA Management Accountability Act of 2014. Rubio is the Senate’s original sponsor of the bill, which passed the U.S. House of Representatives with the support of 165 Democrats and is co-sponsored by seven Democrats in the United States Senate.   “Secretary Shinseki’s resignation is just the first step in addressing the institutional neglect of veterans at the VA, but that alone won’t solve the problem. The systemic mismanagement will continue unless we bring reform to the VA and hold all those who are responsible accountable. Under current law, whoever succeeds Secretary Shinseki will be prohibited from firing VA employees such as those detailed in the inspector general’s latest report, who have failed at their jobs and therefore failed our nation’s veterans.    “This level of failure is simply inexcusable and must be fixed immediately. Our veterans deserve the best medical treatment possible, which is why I hope more Senate Democrats will join in supporting the VA Management Accountability Act of 2014, a bill that would bring accountability to the VA and empower the new VA Secretary to fire and hold accountable those who had responsibility in neglecting, mistreating, or mismanaging care for our veterans. This is a common sense, bipartisan reform that deserves a vote in the Senate as soon as possible so we can better care for those who have courageously served our nation.”  
As Bipartisan Support For VA Bill Grows, Rubio Continues Fight For Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1tos5gg   “The Veterans Affairs inspector general report is a damning snapshot of the systemic problems at the VA. The report offers further evidence of why greater accountability is needed at the VA, along with the ability to dismiss mid-level managers who fail at their jobs, as my legislation would do.   “The House has overwhelmingly passed this bill, and we now have several Democratic senators as co-sponsors along with respected veterans organizations urging its immediate passage. This is a bipartisan bill that deserves to be passed and sent to the president with no further delay.   “The status quo that protects mid-level VA managers from being fired - despite the gross misconduct, sexual harassment and abusive conduct described in this IG report - is indefensible. The only thing standing in the way of being able to hold individuals like this accountable for these and other problems is Senate action.”  
Rubio: Tratamiento de veteranos es vergonzoso 
Rubio Discusses VA Accountability with Veterans in Doral
ICYMI: Rubio: Hold VA To Account: http://bit.ly/RkA3KS  Rubio: "Over this Memorial Day holiday, I encourage people to let their senators know why action must be taken to hold people accountable for the mistreatment of our veterans. Current law obstructs this accountability by forbidding the firing of negligent and incompetent VA officials, which is why my legislation is so important.   I also encourage President Barack Obama and Senate Democrats to take another careful look at my proposal. As Majority Leader Harry Reid said after the House passed it, "I think what the House has done is not unreasonable." Not only is it not unreasonable; it's the very least we can do to correct the systemic problem that has led to the current tragedy.   As we reflect this weekend on all those who have lost their lives in defense of freedom, let us reflect, too, on those who have returned home. Sacrifice does not end on the battlefield but continues on for a lifetime. To honor that sacrifice, we must come together to demand the dignity our veterans deserve." 
Days Before Memorial Day, Senate Democrats Block Vote For More VA Accountability: http://1.usa.gov/1mayvP8  Rubio’s push to pass VA reform bill blocked  Rubio: “We are giving a Secretary, appointed by this President, confirmed by this Senate, the opportunity to be able to fire employees of his agency that are not doing their jobs. That is all we are asking here. It is not more complicated than that. And I do not understand why anyone would not support that concept. And it’s right here for us. For everyone talking about how quickly we need to act on this — here is your chance.” 
Rubio: Journalists Should Stand With Repressed Cuban Blogger, Highlight Regime's Repression: http://1.usa.gov/RXbm7W  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement condemning the Cuban regime’s blockade of Cuban blogger Yoani Sánchez’s news website, pointing to the act as the latest example of blatant repression by the Castro regime:   “Yoani Sánchez has long been one of Cuba’s most courageous pro-democracy and human rights voices, giving the world insights on life inside Cuba through her blog. She is now an aspiring Cuban media entrepreneur who the Castro regime shut down yesterday by hacking into her news website, 14ymedio.com, on the day of its launch.   “Imagine for a moment, if the U.S. government had shut down Politico the day it launched in 2007 - or any conservative, liberal or mainstream online news outlet for that matter. As Americans, we would be outraged.   “Press freedom is a universal human right, and we should be outraged that yet another blatant instance of repression has taken place in Cuba.   “I recognize it’s not the role of government officials to tell the press how to do their jobs, but I do believe it’s the responsibility of Yoani’s fellow journalists everywhere to stand in solidarity with her as the Castro government blocks her from doing her job and help her shine a light on the regime’s repression, its failures and the Cuban people’s aspirations for freedom.   “This is also a reminder about the dangers of potentially turning over governance of the Internet to any entity that gives any influence whatsoever to regimes and governments that view the Internet as a threat to their power.” 
Rubio Urges Senate To Act After House Passes VA Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1nrnB6T  “It’s absolutely sickening – all the things we are learning each day about the state of our VA medical facilities and the poor treatment our veterans are getting. The VA is in desperate need of reform.   “Florida is home to almost 2 million veterans. Our VA facilities here should be the gold standard, and instead what we’re seeing is how widespread this national problem is in places like our Gainesville, St. Petersburg and Miami VA’s.   “People at the VA need to be held accountable. And yes, people should be fired for such gross incompetence and negligence – something my VA reform bill with Congressman Jeff Miller would do.    “It’s been a privilege working with Congressman Miller on this VA reform effort, and I thank him for his work in getting the bill passed in the House. Now that the House has moved to reform the VA, the Senate must act too. We owe it to our veterans.   “All that’s standing in the way right now is Harry Reid making accountability and reform of our nation's VA system a priority, and bringing up this legislation for a Senate vote. President Obama being ‘madder than hell’ about this doesn’t fix the problem. The least the President can do is demand that the Senate send him this bill to sign into law.” 
Senator Rubio Alerts Administration To Additional Florida Counties Impacted By Severe Flooding
Rubio, Coons, Senate Colleagues Introduce Resolution Condemning Death Sentence For Sudanese Christian Woman: http://1.usa.gov/RUjXYY  “I am disgusted and appalled by the inhumane verdict Ms. Ibrahim has received, simply for refusing to recant her Christian faith. This is yet another example of the kind of religious intolerance and persecution that has no place in any civilized, free society,” said Rubio. “No one should have to live in a world where they fear for their life simply because of religion.   “This legislation strives to encourage religious freedom within Sudan by ensuring that the new constitution includes protections for such fundamental rights, which would be a significant step toward a more democratic future for the people of Sudan,” added Rubio. “I also commend Ms. Ibrahim’s courage in refusing to renounce her Christianity, and I encourage her to remain steadfast. The world condemns her verdict and will stand by her in her moment of need.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Promotes His VA Reform Bill On "The O’Reilly Factor" http://1.usa.gov/1jrnDMy  Rubio: “We have a bill that I have filed that allows the director to fire incompetent middle-level managers. The Administration does not support that because they are more interested in protecting the sanctity of civil service, than they are in being able to hold people accountable.”
Rubio Comments After Foreign Relations Committee Passage Of Venezuela Sanctions (English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/1tgZ3Ru  “Today we took an important step forward to punish human rights abusers in Nicolás Maduro’s regime. The Venezuelan people have suffered enough under the incompetence of Hugo Chávez and now Nicolás Maduro.   “And now that thousands of innocent Venezuelans have protested courageously and peacefully, against the failure that is this chavista government, we can’t allow the government’s repression, violence and murders to go unpunished.   “We have to severely punish the Maduro regime, and today the Senate Foreign Relations Committee took a key step toward approving these sanctions. And I hope the full Senate will soon do the same.”   Declaraciones De Rubio Sobre La Aprobación De Sanciones Contra Oficiales Venezolanos: http://bit.ly/1h5Ur9D  “Hoy tomamos un paso adelante para castigar a individuos afiliados al régimen de Maduro envueltos en violaciones de derechos humanos en Venezuela. El pueblo venezolano ha sufrido mucho bajo la incompetencia de Hugo Chávez y ahora Nicolás Maduro.    “Y ahora que miles de venezolanos se han manifestado pacíficamente para exigir una salida al fracaso que es el gobierno chavista, no podemos permitir que la represión, la violencia y los asesinatos que el gobierno ha usado se permita.    “Los tenemos que castigar duramente, y hoy el Comité de Relaciones Exteriores del Senado tomó un paso hacia adelante al aprobar estas sanciones – y espero que pronto se apruebe en el Senado entero”. 
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Ensure Retirement Security: http://1.usa.gov/1lzvjMq  “While our economy is rapidly changing, retirement programs and savings plans have failed to adjust accordingly,” said Rubio. “Currently, seniors who have already paid their fair share into Social Security are being punished for choosing to keep working rather than immediately cashing in.    “By eliminating the Social Security payroll tax for seniors and repealing the Retirement Earnings Test, older people are incentivized to continue working well into their golden years,” Rubio continued. “This proposal would lift a financial strain from an entire generation of hardworking Americans, equipping them with the tools needed to live out the American Dream with comfort, dignity and peace of mind.”   
ICYMI: Watch Senator Rubio on FOX News' Hannity last night.
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Retirement Security, Clinton’s Record & Climate Change On CNBC’s Squawk Box  RUBIO ON RETIREMENT SECURITY: “So we want to create that option for people to be able to do that, to be able to invest in something other than treasuries, where over a period of time that begins to compound. And I think as people see that succeed, they'll have an incentive to do more of it. As far as working beyond 62 or 65, I think most people expect to work beyond 65, not because they have to, but because they'll want to. I think that’s going to be the nature of the future economy. You’re already seeing it now.”   RUBIO ON CLIMATE CHANGE: “I actually said the same thing I said before. ... I do not believe these laws will do anything about it. And I’m not going to help destroy America’s economy.”   RUBIO ON CLINTON’S STATE DEPARTMENT: “I think the foreign policy of this administration has been a failure, primarily because it was premised on a failed notion. And that is that somehow if the U.S. stepped back from the world, that other countries would fill that void in a positive way. And that's not been the result. ... In the absence of [American leadership], you see the chaos you see all over the world when she was at the State Department, when all of this was happening.”   RUBIO ON HOUSE’S BENGHAZI INVESTIGATION: “I expect it will be run in a very professional way. I think this is a fact-finding operation. It shouldn't be theater. I don’t think that’s what they intend to do. If you see the people they’ve appointed to it, these are serious thinkers and workers.” 
Senator Rubio Proposes Retirement Security Reforms At National Press Club 
Senator Rubio wishes all the mothers in Florida, across the nation and serving overseas a Happy Mothers Day: http://1.usa.gov/1l7aJ2U  In honor of Mother’s Day, I’d like to thank all the mothers in Florida, across the nation and serving overseas for their hard work and sacrifices to give our children a chance at a better future. A mother’s duties do not end at five o’clock. She does not receive a paycheck for her time, nor get holidays off. A mother’s job is constant. But in return, her compensation is found in the love of her family and the happiness of her children.   It takes a special person to be a mother — selflessly putting the needs of her children before her own, unconditionally supporting and loving them, and oftentimes serving as the voice of reason — because let’s face it, mothers really do know best.   Growing up, my mom taught me many lessons in life, and she continues to do so today. She taught me that my potential was unlimited, and that through hard work and an education I could achieve whatever I wanted to — including my own version of the American Dream. She taught me the values of family, tradition and kindness. And I am blessed to see my wife instilling those same qualities in our four children.   I would especially like to wish a happy Mother’s Day to all the mothers serving overseas. We thank you for your selfless service to both your country and your children, and we appreciate your sacrifice. We also celebrate military moms, the wives of service men keeping their military families together, and the moms of our service members whose sons and daughters risk their lives so that we can continue to live freely and safely. Your strength is inspiring to us all, and I wish you a peaceful and fulfilling day.   While we set aside one day each year to honor our mothers, we must remember to thank them not just today, but every day. From first steps and first days of school, to graduation days and wedding days, their love has guided us to life’s many celebrations and through its many obstacles. In return, we aim to be the sons and daughters they worked so hard to raise, using the values they have instilled in us to navigate life.   To all the mothers whose love has resulted in generations of men and women filled with principle and promise, Happy Mother’s Day. 
Senator Rubio: Venezuela Sanctions Legislation Gets Boost With Opposition’s Support: http://1.usa.gov/1gfZzYc  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding yesterday’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on Venezuela:   “Yesterday, Obama Administration officials suggested that the time is not right for implementing sanctions on the individuals responsible for human rights abuses in Venezuela because of supposed concerns expressed by opposition leaders. Now that the main Venezuelan opposition group has made clear that is not the case and it, in fact, endorses individual sanctions like those in our legislation, this is a boost to our cause to hold the Maduro regime accountable by imposing sanctions.    “The time to stand with the Venezuelan people and against their repression by the regime is now. I hope the full Senate will soon be able to consider and approve sanctions legislation against Maduro regime officials and cronies.” 
Senator Rubio Pushes Bill To Impose Sanctions On Human Rights Violators In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1j1AdmN  “We are calling on identifying human rights violators in Venezuela, naming them by name, and sanctioning them for what they’ve done. And I just don’t understand how we can sit here and say that the time isn’t right to do that. I don’t understand how we can say we should wait for some point in the future, when the timing might be right to do that,” Rubio said. “Because by admission, what you’re saying is that, ‘If the Venezuela government does certain things over the next few months.’ That day may never come. And I just don’t understand how that can be our foreign policy.”   “The future of Venezuela belongs to the people of Venezuela. They must determine the direction of that country, and what sort of system of government and economics they want. But what we also want them to understand is that the United States will not stand by and idly watch as the rights of people, with whom we share this hemisphere, are systematically violated by an anti-American government – to top it all off – and ignore their plight,” Rubio added. “And we will endeavor to use, and I think in a bipartisan way I hope – and I know in this Committee that will be the case – in a bipartisan way, to use the influence and the power of the United States of America to firmly line up on the side of those who aspire to liberty, to freedom, and to respect of human rights.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Impose Sanctions On Maduro Regime (English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/1mFhn7e  "This week, the U.S. Senate will focus its attention on the ongoing political crisis in Venezuela, its government’s violent repression of peaceful demonstrations, and actions the U.S. government should take to confront the corruption and human rights abuses that are central to the regime’s governing philosophy..."  "Hoy, el Senado de EEUU le dará prioridad a la crisis política en Venezuela, la violenta represión del gobierno en contra de las manifestaciones pacíficas, y las acciones que deberá tomar el gobierno de EEUU para enfrentar la corrupción y estos abusos a los derechos humanos que son parte fundamental de la filosofía del régimen..."     
Rubio Discusses Russia Sanctions, Ukraine with FOX News' Neil Cavuto
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses the situation in Ukraine on CNN
Senator Rubio calls for the establishment of a joint select committee to investigate the Benghazi attacks: http://1.usa.gov/1uwJOpd  "Today I cosponsored Senate Resolution 225, a resolution calling for the establishment of a joint select committee to investigate the September 11, 2012 terrorist attacks against the U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya. A year and a half after these attacks, despite a limited number of public hearings, too many questions remain regarding what the Obama administration knew during the attacks and their response. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the lack of oversight by the committee of the State Department’s response to the attacks is unacceptable. Even after the completion of the Accountability Review Board, it is unclear how many of their recommendations have been implemented despite promises by Secretaries Clinton and Kerry that all of the ARB recommendations would be adopted. Further, the SFRC has not even attempted to conduct a thorough investigation into these terrorist attacks that took the lives of four brave Americans. At this late date, there has not been a single person at the State Department held accountable for their failure to properly secure the diplomatic facility in Benghazi despite a mountain of intelligence highlighting the threat and foreshadowing the risk of terrorist attack. I hope that Senate Democrats will follow the lead of Speaker Boehner and establish a joint select committee to study the Benghazi attacks without delay. We owe it to the families of those who died and to all Americans serving in difficult posts overseas."
ICYMI: Read Senator Rubio's op-ed in The Wall Street Journal: Ukraine Needs A Lifeline—Now: http://on.wsj.com/1mwVrHd  Rubio: "One way to increase the chances of a prosperous future in Ukraine is to strengthen the nation's currency, the hryvnia—for a stable monetary foundation is necessary for economic growth. Even as the value of the Russian ruble has fallen almost 9% against the dollar in 2014, Mr. Putin takes comfort in knowing that the hryvnia is doing worse: It has plummeted 35% against the dollar since January. The currency's weakness is part of his plan to bring Ukraine to its knees."
Senator Rubio delivered the Weekly Republican Address, focusing on the situation in Ukraine
Senator Rubio marks World Press Freedom Day: http://1.usa.gov/SkrIbE  In a country where we are free to express ourselves and our thoughts — where good ideas are rewarded, troubling facts exposed, and differing opinions celebrated and reconciled — we must remember that this fundamental right is not ensured to all. World Press Freedom Day is not only a day to celebrate such liberties, it is a reminder that our efforts to raise awareness of international press freedom are far from over.   Freedom of the press is a fundamental part of any thriving democracy. Ensuring the free flow of information and access to uncensored information must be a key pillar of America’s global human rights agenda. People, societies, economies and entire nations benefit when constructive criticism is encouraged as a means to achieve progress. Yet despite technological advances of the 21st century that make communication and expression easier than ever, there are many who remain bound to repressive and overreaching governments that limit such rights.   As the son of Cuban exiles, I understand the harsh realities of a country that does not allow its citizens access to a free media, censoring what they read and, ultimately, what they think. These nations are left in the dark, a world of knowledge and opportunity lost at the hands of ignorance and fear. A government that denies a free press only chains its people to a false sense of security.   According to Freedom House, global press freedom fell to its lowest level in over a decade last year. Cuba remains the most oppressive in the Americas, while China continues to be the home of the world’s most sophisticated censorship apparatus, increasing its pressure against foreign media by threatening or denying visas for members of the foreign press corps.     And as the Maduro regime continues to respond to peaceful demonstrations with violent oppression on the streets of Venezuela, it has become increasingly clear that America must stand always on the side of freedom and democracy, supporting the efforts of those who risk their lives to speak out and demand such rights.   Today is also a day to celebrate journalistic integrity as we recognize journalists for the essential role they play in promoting government accountability, defending democratic activity and strengthening civil society. We also commemorate the many journalists who have lost their lives carrying out their noble work.   Today, we call for a vibrant and active free press, as we work to leave behind a world for our children and grandchildren where all are free to read and write and speak as they please — a world that embraces a free press, and with it, free minds. 
Senator Rubio Defends Gun Rights on NRA News 
Rubio, Kirk Call On Kerry To Publicly Reaffirm Conditions On U.S. Aid To The Palestinian Authority: http://1.usa.gov/1jmieGn  “As you know, the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 sets detailed requirements for the continuation of U.S. assistance should Hamas be brought into the Palestinian Authority government. The law is very clear. If Hamas comes to have a role in governance, there must be public acknowledgment of the Jewish state of Israel’s right to exist as well as acceptance of all previous agreements the Palestinians have made with Israel, the United States, and the international community,” the senators wrote. “The law also requires that demonstrable progress be made toward dismantling of Hamas’ terrorist infrastructure and purging of individuals with ties to terrorism. Moreover, Hamas would need to halt its anti-American and anti-Israel incitement. The bar is high because the stakes are high and we must make sure to stand firmly by what we have said. Failing to do so will diminish the credibility of the United States.   “Unfortunately, we have already seen reports that influential voices within Hamas say a unity deal would not compel Hamas to recognize Israel’s right to exist,” they added. “It seems clear, therefore, that the current plans for the Palestinian Authority continue to disregard the assurances needed to support Israel’s security and move the Palestinian people further away from the day when they can live in peace.   “Under the unity deal as we understand it, no effort whatsoever will be made to disarm Hamas or even request that it renounce terrorism before joining the PA. Having an armed terrorist group, which is still committed to violence against Israel, as part of the PA government should make that government ineligible for American aid,” they continued. “We urge you to state publicly that there will be an immediate cut-off of relevant U.S. assistance unless there is full compliance with the letter and spirit of all provisions in the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act.” 
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Free Enterprise, Russia Sanctions On Fox: http://1.usa.gov/1rIokl5  Rubio: “The good news is that in America we have free enterprise. And free enterprise means everyone can be better off without making anyone worse off. That's what has made us different from the rest of the world. I wish we had a President that actually believed that.” 
Rubio, Senate Republicans Introduce Strategic U.S. Response To Deter Russian Aggression In Europe: http://1.usa.gov/1u5z293  “We live in a global economy. As Americans, our ability to sell goods and services to other nations is critical to our economic future and to the creation of jobs. We cannot allow the world to become a place where countries become off limits to us, as markets, because they are afraid of a more powerful neighbor taking actions against them,” said Rubio. “And that’s precisely what’s happened here. And it’s setting a precedent, especially for countries like Russia and potentially China, that if you don’t want a neighboring country to do more commerce and trade and economic engagement with the West, you simply invade them or intimidate them.    “What this bill endeavors to do, these sanctions will do, is it will change that calculus. It will change that calculus so that he and the people around him realize that the costs of having taken this action now far outweigh any perceived benefits,” added Rubio. “We think that’s what our foreign policy should be grounded on, and I hope and urge Senator Reid and the Democrats who still run this place to give us a chance to have a vote on this. I think we could pass it if we did.” 
Rubio Extends Thoughts And Prayers To Floridians Affected By Severe Flooding: http://1.usa.gov/1fyRN0I  “Just briefly, a moment of personal privilege. I just want to extend our thoughts and prayers for those in Northwest Florida, particularly in Pensacola, overnight had a massive amount of flooding, some loss of life,” said Rubio. “We’ve been in contact with the Governor’s office, also reached out with Senator Nelson. We’re watching very closely what’s happening there. Our thoughts and our prayers are with them.”
Senator Rubio wishes the best of luck to all those running in the Boston Marathon today: http://1.usa.gov/1julIEb  In the past year, millions of Americans have competed in endurance events of varying distances and disciplines. I have always admired those who compete in endurance events. Today, as 36,000 runners take off from the starting line at the Boston Marathon, all Americans unite to support them as they remind us of our strength, courage and resilience as a people.   The terrorist attack on last year’s Boston Marathon shocked our nation and the world. Three spectators lost their lives and 264 spectators and runners were injured. The hours and days following the attacks were filled with heroic actions by first responders who risked their lives to help victims of the blasts and law enforcement officials who led the search for those responsible and began the process of bringing the surviving terrorist to justice. One campus police officer at MIT, Sean Collier, was killed by the bombers as they tried to flee justice. The first responders’ bravery and courage in the face of immediate danger and uncertainty inspired us all.   The inspiration from Boston continues today. For the families of those who lost loved ones and for the survivors who have suffered life changing injuries, this past year has been filled with unimaginable pain and difficulty, and yet, in true American form, it has also been filled with stories of survivors overcoming adversity. The strength of the survivors and the victims’ families has reminded us of our resilience as nation and inspired us as a people to stand together.   Today, the city of Boston and endurance athletes from across America, including over 900 Floridians, are uniting to show that last year’s attack will not deter them. This year, the Boston Marathon’s organizers wisely increased the number of registrations, not only to meet the demand of people who wanted to race this year and prove that Americans will not be deterred. But a special exception was also made to this year’s number of runners to accommodate a large group of special runners: those who were prevented from finishing last year, first responders, elite and legacy runners, and families of victims. This Boston Marathon will be unlike any other in its rich history.   To all those running today, thank you for being an example of American resolve. As you cross the finish line today, know that you inspire us all to be Boston Strong.   Best of luck to all the runners. May God bless them and all those affected by last year’s tragedy.
Senator Rubio Comments On Crisis In Ukraine, Targeting Of Jewish Community: http://1.usa.gov/1iuh6jm  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the latest developments in Ukraine:   “The success of today's reported agreement in Geneva will be determined by Russia's willingness to immediately halt its efforts to destabilize Ukraine. President Putin's rhetoric earlier today should raise concerns about how serious Russia is about respecting Ukraine's sovereignty or in resolving this crisis peacefully.   “I am also deeply troubled by new reports that Jews in eastern Ukraine are being told to ‘register’ to separatist forces. This sort of intimidation and persecution is unacceptable and cannot be tolerated in the 21st century. It is important that the international monitors from the Organization for the Security and Co-operation in Europe deploying to Ukraine as part of today's agreement examine this issue closely to ensure that religious and ethnic minorities do not become targets.   “Despite today's agreement, we need to maintain the pressure on Russia because of its unlawful annexation of Crimea and take concrete steps to reassure our allies in Central and Eastern Europe of our commitment to their security. We also need to support the Ukrainian government's efforts to bring stability and security to all of Ukraine. The administration's announcement today of nonlethal assistance is a first step in the right direction, but much more is required.”
Senator Rubio Urges Increased Sanctions On Russia: http://1.usa.gov/Rm3Svv  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement urging the Obama administration to immediately increase sanctions on Russia for its continued violations of Ukraine’s sovereignty:   “Russia’s efforts to foment unrest in eastern Ukraine are tantamount to another violation of Ukraine’s sovereignty. Assertions from Moscow that Russia is not involved hold little credibility, particularly in the wake of its unlawful annexation of Crimea.   “The Obama administration must immediately increase sanctions on Russia. Sector-based sanctions should begin to be imposed and President Putin’s own financial assets, and those of his associates, targeted. By delaying the most significant penalties, the United States and our allies have unfortunately sent the message to Russia that there will be little cost to pay for this type of behavior. We should also stand with Ukraine as the interim government attempts to deal with these provocations. This includes immediately providing the lethal assistance they requested weeks ago. We also need to take measures to reassure our allies in Central and Eastern Europe by deploying more alliance assets to their territories to reinforce our NATO commitments to their security.   “Armed takeovers of foreign territory by masked men are the crude tactics of bygone regional powers, not the actions of 21st century nations. Until Russia is convinced of a real cost of its current course of action, I fear that Ukraine’s stability will continue to be undermined. I urge the President to act without delay.” 
Senator Rubio Addresses Constituent Concerns About Broken, Complicated Tax Code: http://1.usa.gov/1iSR5ba  Washington, D.C. – To mark this year’s Tax Day, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today addressed constituent concerns about our broken tax code system and pointed to its stifling effect on the economy as proof of the need for tax reform in this week’s installment of Marco’s Constituent Mailbox video series.    In the video, Rubio outlines various disconcerting facts about the increasingly complicated tax code and the unnecessary burdens it places on taxpayers:   • It takes 13 hours for the average taxpayer to file their taxes, including record keeping, planning, as well as filling out forms. • Last year, Americans spent 6.1 billion hours and $168 billion complying with all their tax filing requirements. • The tax code, rules and regulations now totals more than 73,000 pages, as opposed to 400 pages when it was created in 1913. • Americans will pay $3 trillion in federal taxes and $1.5 trillion in state and local taxes this year. • Americans must work 111 days this year to pay their federal, state and local taxes.   Rubio then reads a constituent letter — from Frank in Ft. Myers — and responds to his call for a simpler tax code that is not used as an instrument of wealth redistribution or social engineering.    In response, Rubio said, “Tax reform is critical. And it’s not just critical to take the hassle out of our lives. It’s critical for the economic future of our country. Our economy is stagnant. It’s not growing fast enough. It’s not creating enough jobs. And by the way, about 40% of the jobs that it is creating pays $16 an hour or less.   “One of the things holding back our economy is a broken tax code. We have a tax code, for example, that punishes companies for investing their profits back into their businesses, to hire more people, to give their workers raises, to expand their operations. We have a tax code that actually encourages our employers to take their business overseas. Those are some of the things we have to fix as well,” Rubio continued. “So I agree with you wholeheartedly, and that’s why I hope this November we’ll have new leadership here in Washington that will move on this important item.” 
Senator Rubio wishes the Jewish community a Happy Passover: http://1.usa.gov/Rju1v5  With the Festival of Passover upon us, I would like to express my best wishes to the Jewish community in Florida and around the world.  This eight-day celebration, rich in history and tradition, commemorates the emancipation of Israelites from centuries of slavery in ancient Egypt. Often referred to as the Festival of Freedom, Passover celebrates the values of every free society.   I share your love for freedom, and celebrate the Festival of Passover by educating our youth to value tradition and follow in the footsteps of their families.  In the midst of a crucial moment in Israel’s history, I will continue to defend the values of freedom and liberty for all. I pray for a peaceful and prosperous future for Israel and that our friends in the Jewish state may have a safe and meaningful celebration.   On behalf of my wife Jeanette and our entire family, we wish you a Happy Passover and Chag Sameach.
ICYMI: Rubio, Petri: A Vision For Reforming Student Loans: http://www.cnbc.com/id/101572836
Senator Rubio: U.S. Should Do More To Promote Internet Freedom In Cuba: http://1.usa.gov/1kvL0XN  Rubio: “What do we need to do to start, not just this program, but expand it, so that people in Cuba can do what I just did? And that is speak freely to the world, and to each other, about the reality of Cuban life, and about anything else they want…”
PHOTO RELEASE: Rubio Commends Panama’s Response To Venezuela Crisis During Visit With Foreign Minister: http://1.usa.gov/1sBmKEM  “I commend the Panamanian government for courageously standing with the people of Venezuela, for the Inter-American Democratic Charter, and against the brutal repression of peaceful demonstrators in Venezuela,” Rubio said. “For over two months, tens of thousands of Venezuelans have risked their lives to demand a more democratic and hopeful future for their country. President Maduro has met their legitimate demands with bullets, torture and unjust incarcerations.   “Venezuela has become an authoritarian military regime right before our eyes, but shamefully, most countries in the region have chosen to either look the other way or to gloss over the brutality inflicted by the Maduro regime on the Venezuelan people,” Rubio added. “The United States’ support is important, and I am proud that Panama has taken a strong interest and leadership role to find a legitimately inclusive solution to the political crisis affecting Venezuela.”
Senator Rubio Pushes Legislation For Alternative Higher Education Funding On CNBC: http://1.usa.gov/1kKZI90  Rubio: “So our notion is what other options to the student loans can we create? And here is an existing model that now exists that’s called Income Share Agreements. …As I said, like all investment decisions, there is an element of risk here associated with it. But it creates an alternative to the traditional student loan system that we have in place, which in my mind, at its current pace is simply unsustainable in the long-term.” 
Rubio, Petri Legislation Would Give Students Access To Innovative College Financing Option: http://1.usa.gov/1ejWSK2  “In the 21st century, higher education is no longer an option for Americans, it has become a necessity. But a complex and confusing student loan system makes it increasingly difficult for millions of people trying to meet the challenges of our economy,” Rubio said. “Allowing private investment groups to invest directly in an individual student is an alternative to student loans that helps make higher education more affordable and more accessible.”  “By clarifying the lawfulness of income share agreements, this bill incentivizes the free enterprise system and allows people to access the skills needed to take advantage of the opportunities created by the free market,” added Rubio. “Fostering more choice for students to fund their education guarantees opportunity and equips people with the tools needed to achieve the American Dream.”
Senator Rubio Calls For Aggressive Strategy In Response To Russia: http://1.usa.gov/1heaRQQ  Rubio: “I think now is the time to sit down and calculate, with our European allies, a long-term strategy to break the sort of dependence on the oil and natural gas from Russia that gives them a disproportionate amount of leverage over these countries.”
Senator Rubio seeks answers from Secretary of State John Kerry on Venezuela, Cuba during Senate Foreign Relations Committee Hearing
Senator Rubio Calls On Kerry To Provide Administration's Full Assessment Of Venezuela Crisis: http://1.usa.gov/1kjHXBL  Rubio: “[I]t is more important than ever for the American public and lawmakers to clearly understand the nature of the situation in Venezuela and its repercussions for American interests and the Western Hemisphere. … It is vital that the U.S. government stand with those Venezuelans who have bravely called out the brutality and dishonesty of the Maduro government.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio's letter to The New York Times Editor: "The Truth About Venezuela, as Marco Rubio Sees It" http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/05/opinion/the-truth-about-venezuela-as-marco-rubio-sees-it.html
Senators Rubio, Cardin Introduce Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act Of 2014: http://1.usa.gov/1kvNCR8  “For far too long the Assad regime and violent extremists in Syria have committed horrific human rights violations at the expense of millions of innocent Syrians,” said Rubio. “These brutal crimes against civilians are appalling. The perpetrators deserve to be brought to justice, and this bill is a first step towards ensuring those responsible for human rights abuses are held accountable.” 
Obama Administration Refuses To Reaffirm That “Six Assurances” Is Still U.S. Policy On Taiwan: http://1.usa.gov/1dVR9cT  Rubio Calls on Administration to clarify its position that U.S. is not walking away from commitments to Taiwan   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Ranking Member of the Senate’s Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs, today called on the Obama Administration to recommit itself to the “Six Assurances” as the centerpiece of U.S. foreign policy with respect to Taiwan.   During a subcommittee hearing on Taiwan this morning, Daniel Russel, Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, refused to confirm that the “Six Assurances” remain the guiding principles of U.S. policy toward Taiwan, as they have been since the early 1980s.   “I am troubled that Assistant Secretary Russel was not willing to clearly reaffirm President Reagan’s ‘Six Assurances’ regarding U.S. commitments to Taiwan,” said Rubio. “For decades, every administration, Democrat and Republican, including this one, has reaffirmed these commitments. I am concerned that today’s failure to once again make our commitment to Taiwan’s security clear sends a dangerous message to China.    “I intend to seek clarification about this issue directly from Secretary Kerry,” Rubio added. 
Senator Rubio Fights To Reform Veterans Affairs With Boehner, Miller, Veterans Groups: http://1.usa.gov/1mNdZGr  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today joined House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH), Representative Jeff Miller (R-FL) and representatives of several veterans’ service organizations at a press event to call on Congress to pass legislation sponsored by Rubio in the Senate and Miller in the House that would bring greater accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) for meeting the needs of America’s veterans, including its disability claims backlog.    “As Congressman Miller outlined a moment ago, the vast majority of the casework we're now getting in our offices in Florida —  a significant majority of the casework we’re now getting — is related to Veterans Affairs and to the inability of this department to effectively and accountably deliver the services that these men and women have earned through their service to our country,” said Rubio. “What this bill does is pretty straightforward. It allows the secretary of the department to be able to fire and hold accountable senior executive officials within the department, when in fact there's breakdown in accountability. It’s the exact same thing that exists in the private sector. It exists in our congressional offices, but it does not exist in a government agency of this importance.    “Let me reiterate what's already been said: The enormous and vast majority of the 300,000 men and women who work in this agency, work hard and do a great job. But like any organization, there's going to be breakdowns. And when there are, people need to be held accountable, especially at the senior management level,” added Rubio. “And so I hope that the House acts on this measure, that in the Senate, my colleagues across the aisle will see the importance of it and act quickly as well.”  ... 
ICYMI: In Twitter Exchange With Rubio, Cuban Blogger Yoani Sánchez Stands With Venezuelan People: http://1.usa.gov/1gobQsC  Washington, D.C. –Cuban blogger Yoani Sánchez, the author of Generación Y blog, today expressed her solidarity with the Venezuelan people in response to a Twitter question from U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL). Sánchez was hosting a question and answer session from Twitter’s Washington office.  Rubio used the hashtag #AskYoani to ask Sánchez what her message is for the Venezuelan protesters suffering under a political and economic system that Venezuela’s government is copying from Cuba. In her response, Sánchez expressed her support for the peaceful protests in Venezuela and said Cubans recognize their struggle.  Read Rubio’s question and Sánchez’s response below.  @marcorubio: Cubans suffer under system #Venezuela is copying.What message do you have, @yoanisanchez, for Venezuelans in this crucial time? #AskYoani  @yoanisanchez: @marcorubio #Cuba #AskYoani Mi apoyo a la lucha pacifica en #Venezuela y “no dejen que les levanten la jaula... ya nosotros la conocemos”
Senators Rubio, Thune Demand Answers From Administration On Internet Transition: http://1.usa.gov/QFEXmi  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and John Thune (R-SD), along with 33 of their Senate Republican colleagues, today sent a letter to Assistant Secretary of Commerce Larry Strickling, head of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), seeking clarification regarding the recent announcement that NTIA intends to relinquish responsibility of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions to the global multistakeholder community.   The letter expresses strong support for “the existing bottom-up, multistakeholder approach to the Internet governance,” and cautions: “We must not allow the IANA functions to fall under the control of repressive governments, America’s enemies, or unaccountable bureaucrats.”     The letter goes on to say: “The global community of Internet stakeholders should act deliberately and transparently as it formulates a possible proposal to transition the IANA functions to a nongovernmental entity. The multistakeholder model of Internet governance and the IANA functions are far too important for this process to be rushed or to be done behind closed doors.”   Among other things, the letter asks the administration to “explain why it is in our national interest to transition the IANA functions,” and how NTIA will ensure “the IANA functions do not end up being controlled, directly or indirectly, by a government or inter-governmental entity.”   ...
Senator Rubio Discusses ObamaCare Failure With Hannity: http://1.usa.gov/1pPMQj3  Rubio: “This is personal, it’s happening to people. You used to have health care coverage you were happy with, and now it’s not there anymore. The health care coverage you have costs more. You can no longer see the doctor or go to the specialty cancer center you once went to. They don't have answers for any of these things.”  
Senators Rubio, Kaine Syria Resolution Unanimously Approved By Foreign Relations Committee: http://1.usa.gov/QDCmJG  The resolution condemns the unlawful use of violence against civilians in Syria, urges all parties in the country to allow for immediate, unfettered access to humanitarian aid, supports the immediate and full implementation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2139, and calls on the international community to continue assisting innocent victims of the crisis. If adopted by the full Senate, the resolution calls for President Obama to develop and submit a more robust U.S. strategy for addressing the Syrian humanitarian crisis to Congress within 90 days.   “While the Assad regime continues to ignore deadlines and break promises, millions of innocent Syrian civilians, including children, continue to suffer and this humanitarian crisis continues to grow,” said Rubio. “The Senate should adopt this resolution quickly and send a clear message to the Obama administration that we need a new humanitarian strategy that includes concrete actions to increase pressure on Assad instead of giving him more room to maneuver and commit these atrocities.”   
Senator Rubio discusses legislation to protect taxpayers from ObamaCare bailout with Mike Gallagher
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Hold Administration Accountable, Protect Taxpayers From ObamaCare Bailout: http://1.usa.gov/1hZ8cpW  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced The ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Protection Act, legislation to hold the Administration accountable by ensuring ObamaCare’s risk-corridor provision remains budget neutral, which would prevent taxpayer dollars from being used to bailout insurance companies.   This is Rubio’s latest attempt to protect taxpayers from an ObamaCare bailout after introducing The ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Prevention Act in November.   Under ObamaCare’s section 1342, risk corridors were established for the law’s first three years as a safety net for insurers who experience financial losses, needlessly exposing taxpayers to funding a bailout of insurance companies. Earlier this month, the Obama administration announced a new rule “to operate the risk corridors program in a budget neutral manner.” Rubio’s bill holds the Administration accountable by requiring that ObamaCare’s risk corridors ensure budget neutrality.   “From rising health care costs to loss of coverage, millions of Americans have already been hurt by ObamaCare. We cannot allow a taxpayer-funded bailout to be the American people’s next hardship,” said Rubio. “The Administration’s excessive delays and revisions of ObamaCare cannot transform the law into a success, and taxpayers cannot be expected to foot the bill for Washington’s mistakes when the law fails.   “This provision holds the Administration to its word and takes a common sense approach to guaranteeing taxpayers are protected from further paying for a reckless and irresponsible law that should never have been passed in the first place,” added Rubio.   A PDF of the legislation is available here.
ICYMI: Rubio: Keep The Internet Free: http://fxn.ws/1jdJPZL  ...  Above all, the NTIA must be an active participant. Just because NTIA is relinquishing this contract does not mean the United States should sit on the sidelines. The Internet and its future are too important. A lot is riding on this decision, and the United States cannot be idle or take the posture of a passive observer.  We know the world is watching how NTIA carries out this announcement and transition.   We know that enemies of Internet freedom are watching for the first opportunity to seize this process and push for more government control of the Internet.   They can be certain that Congress and the American people are watching  as well.   There is too much at stake to get this wrong, and too much is still unknown to have complete confidence that this will be done correctly. 
Senator Rubio Comments On CDC Autism Prevalence Report: http://1.usa.gov/QkO3F5  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) latest autism prevalence report:   “Autism awareness and research is a cause that has long been near and dear to my heart. In fact, it’s the last issue I worked on in the closing hours of my service in the Florida Legislature and I remain supportive of those struggling with the disorder. In the midst of the CDC’s latest prevalence report showing a dramatic increase in the number of families affected by autism, we are reminded of why this issue needs greater attention. At a time when the only commonality in Washington seems to be its divisiveness, there is no better reason for us to come together than to ensure a promising future for our children.   “According to today’s report, autism affects one in 68 children every year — nearly a 30% increase from two years ago. Autism is a disorder that does not discriminate; it affects every race, ethnicity and income level. It affects real people, with real families who face real struggles, and it operates on a broad spectrum, manifesting itself in many different ways. While we may not have the science or medicine to prevent it at this time, our understanding of what it means to have autism is only improving. This encourages us to work toward helping those struggling with the disorder — which is exactly what the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act aims to do.   “Today’s announcement highlights the experiences of families affected by autism and the need for a national strategy to address the issue. The ABLE Act, which would ease financial strains by providing tax-free savings accounts for people with disabilities, is a simple solution that offers significant and meaningful support.    “It has been a long-held American belief that we must be a voice for those who struggle to find their own. As a society, we must never accept that a person may be unable to fulfill their full potential because of the circumstances of their birth. Helping those with disabilities, particularly children, is something that distinguishes us as a country, and it is a value we must work to maintain.   “Today, I am proud to stand with the autism community and I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate to respond to this public health crisis.” 
Senator Rubio Delivers Floor Speech On Crisis In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1dyF659  Rubio: “I hope we can get passage of [the legislation] here on the floor so we can send a clear signal to the people of Venezuela: The people of the United States of America are on your side, we support your cause, we will not forget what you are going through, we will not abandon your aspirations. We stand for the liberty and the freedom of all people, including those who do not live here with us.”
Senator Rubio Addresses Northwest Florida Defense Coalition During Annual D.C. Visit: http://1.usa.gov/1iATzfG   “Northwest Florida is home to some of our nation’s most important military installations. I want to ensure that Florida remains the best state for our military to train and our soldiers, airmen, sailors and Marines and their families to call home,” said Rubio. “Additionally, I believe that providing for our national defense and protecting the American people is the most important function of the federal government. It is my hope that Congress can work to reverse some of the damaging defense budget cuts that have adversely impacted military readiness, training and procurement at a time when the world is more uncertain than ever.”
Senator Rubio Comments On Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Case: http://1.usa.gov/1hnBbDL  Washington, D.C. – In light of today’s Supreme Court oral arguments on the Hobby Lobby case, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement defending religious liberty:    “Today, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in one of the most pivotal cases on religious liberty in the modern history of our country. Three companies – including Hobby Lobby, Mardel’s Books and Conestoga Wood Specialties – are taking a stand against ObamaCare and its requirement that all employers include contraception in their employee health plan. While these companies are leading the charge here, this case will ultimately impact many more businesses and organizations.   “ObamaCare has numerous fatal flaws, most of which inflict serious financial damage on the small businesses, workers and families that make up our economy. Additionally, through the contraceptive mandate, ObamaCare risks inflicting damage on the First Amendment right of our people to practice their faiths openly. By compelling employers to act against their faiths, this law insinuates that the practice of one’s religious beliefs is not applicable in a business setting, particularly if it runs counter to the norms sanctioned by the federal government. In sum, for people with deeply held religious beliefs, ObamaCare forces them to choose between their business or their conscience.   “The founders intended something different. They knew religious liberty to be a fundamental right and they intended for it to extend to all aspects of life, as long as it never violated the rights of others. Generations of Americans, of all faiths and none of all, have celebrated, defended and expanded religious freedom. Part of what distinguishes America from the rest of the world is that we do not feel threatened by each other’s faiths. History is filled with instances of a people’s right to worship being limited or suppressed, but we are blessed to live in a nation that believes people of all religions – or of no religion at all – have a right to live according to their creed.   “That is why I was proud to join with 88 members of Congress, of both political parties, in an amicus brief submitted in this case. That brief clearly demonstrates the long-held American tradition of respecting religious freedom, from the First Amendment to the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. I hope, and I pray, that the Supreme Court will uphold that tradition in this case by ruling in favor of religious liberty.” 
Rubio Delivers Senate Floor Speech on the Crisis in Ukraine
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Curb Unnecessary Federal Regulations That Hurt Economic Growth: http://1.usa.gov/1ruPGOm  “Antiquated and unnecessary regulations stand in the way of innovation, economic growth and opportunities for people to achieve the American Dream,” said Rubio. “Free enterprise works when job creators and consumers have a reasonable regulatory system that ensures safety and encourages competition.   “The federal government should be spelling out just how much regulations cost our economy, and then put itself on a regulatory diet that brings greater transparency, accountability and control to our regulatory code,” added Rubio. “The purpose of regulations should be to protect consumers and keep people safe, not to needlessly prevent innovation, economic growth and new job opportunities from happening.” 
Following Visit To Uber Headquarters, Rubio Discusses Regulatory Impediments To American Innovation On CNBC: http://1.usa.gov/1msImll  Rubio: “Yesterday I chose to go to Uber’s headquarters here in Washington, DC. It’s a car service company which is not being allowed to enter many markets in Florida simply because the established taxi cabs and the established transportation companies don’t want the competition. That was never the reason for regulation.”
Senator Rubio, Senate, House Colleagues Introduce Resolution On Russian Violation Of Arms Control Agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1nXlpbs  Rubio and House and Senate Colleagues Introduce Resolution on Russia’s Violation of the INF Treaty   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Select Committee on Intelligence, and Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), David Vitter (R-LA), Jim Inhofe (R-OK), John Cornyn (R-TX), and Roger Wicker (R-MS) today introduced a resolution concerning Russia’s violation of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. A companion resolution is being introduced in the House by Congressman Mike Rogers (R-AL), Chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; Congressman Joe Heck (R-NV), Chairman, House Intelligence Subcommittee on Technical and Tactical Intelligence; and Congressman Ted Poe (R-TX), Chairman, House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade.   In introducing the resolution, Rubio and his House colleagues issued the following statement:     “Fresh off the invasion of a sovereign state, Russian cheating cannot be interpreted in anything but the most sinister terms. Cheating is not a separate issue, but is rather recognized as an equal part of President Putin’s long term plan for a resurgent Russia.   “We have introduced this resolution because the viability of future arms control agreements depends on the reliability of current ones. The INF treaty is the central arms control accord of the nuclear era. We must treat it seriously and pursue violations relentlessly. There is simply no point in having treaties unless both sides treat them with the utmost fidelity, and act in a manner binding to the agreement.” 
ICYMI: Rubio: Encourage innovation by cutting outdated regulations: http://1.usa.gov/1mqtuE2
Senator Rubio Marks 4th Anniversary Of Failed ObamaCare Law: http://1.usa.gov/1rgUAOM  “But what has happened and has changed about ObamaCare is it’s no longer something people are hearing about on the news, it’s something that they’re now feeling in their lives,” Rubio said. “ObamaCare has gone from being something political, to something personal.   “Personal because now people can no longer continue to see the doctors they’ve been seeing for a long time. They can no longer continue to go to the specialty center that is caring for them. They’ve lost the health insurance they were happy with. They’re paying higher premiums, or a much higher deductible. Maybe it’s cost them their job, maybe it’s cost them hours at work or maybe they’re suffering from all of the above,” Rubio added. “That’s why we cannot give up on our efforts, not just to completely repeal ObamaCare, but to replace it with real market-based solutions that allow every single American to have the ability to buy affordable health insurance that meets their needs, and to buy it from any company in America that will sell it to them. We’re going to have a chance to achieve that soon. We cannot give up.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses ObamaCare, the right to carry a concealed weapon with The Washington Times’ Emily Miller
ICYMI: Rubio: Making Putin Pay: http://1.usa.gov/1dsMBF6 
Senator Rubio, Colleagues Introduce The Venezuela Defense Of Human Rights And Civil Society Act: http://1.usa.gov/1cCYXzp  “The full U.S. Congress has spoken loudly and clearly that we stand with the Venezuelan people as they exercise their fundamental rights, and we condemn the Maduro regime’s deadly wave of repression,” said Rubio. “Now it’s time for actions that name, shame and punish the Maduro regime’s murderers and thugs who are responsible for the crackdown against innocent Venezuelans.     “Now is the time to stand with the Venezuelan people and increase pressure on the Maduro regime,” added Rubio. “I hope we can begin to move quickly to consider this legislation when the Senate reconvenes on March 24.” 
Senators Rubio, Kaine Introduce Resolution Calling For New Humanitarian Strategy In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1m0GjEF  “It is clear by now that the measures taken to try and end Bashar al-Assad’s brutality against the Syrian people have failed,” said Rubio. “As long as the Assad regime continues to ignore deadlines and break promises without fear of consequence, millions of Syrian civilians, including children, will continue to suffer and even be indiscriminately killed. The administration should act quickly to propose a new strategy that includes concrete actions to increase pressure on Assad instead of giving him more room to maneuver and commit these atrocities.”
Senator Rubio Hails Senate’s Unanimous Approval Of Venezuela Resolution: http://1.usa.gov/Pv7V7S  “The full U.S. Senate unanimously stands with the Venezuelan people in their struggle for freedom and condemns Nicólas Maduro’s deadly wave of repression,” said Rubio. “This is an important demonstration of solidarity with the Venezuelan people and a wake-up call to the entire Western Hemisphere that the American people won’t tolerate human rights violations by Maduro’s regime.     “The murderers and thugs responsible for the crackdown against innocent Venezuelans need to be named, shamed and punished,” added Rubio. “With the full weight of the U.S. Senate behind sanctions, now is the time to increase the pressure on the Maduro regime.” 
Senator Rubio Reports for Jury Duty:
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Economic Opportunities Of The 21st Century On Bloomberg TV: http://1.usa.gov/1qvvb3u  Rubio: “This new post-industrial economy creates very real opportunities. The problem we face is that we’re facing the full brunt of the challenges, but we’re not capitalizing on enough of those opportunities. And one of the reasons why is because our institutions, our laws and Washington D.C. has not caught up to that reality.”
Senator Rubio Welcomes Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s Unanimous Passage Of Venezuela Resolution: http://1.usa.gov/1iwW2qj  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s unanimous approval of S. Res. 365, a resolution condemning Nicólas Maduro’s deadly wave of repression in Venezuela and calling for sanctions on regime officials. Rubio sponsored the resolution with Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Robert Menendez (D-NJ). The resolution now awaits consideration by the full U.S. Senate.   Prior to the committee’s unanimous approval, Rubio delivered the following remarks in favor of its passage:   “This is an issue that’s kind of lost in the news lately given some of the other things that are going on around the world. […] You have a very serious crime problem in Venezuela. The students of Venezuela were protesting crimes that occurred on campus and took to the streets a few weeks ago to protest. The government cracked down, but not on the criminals, they cracked down on the students, leading to broader protests. And what you have now is all-out acts of violence not just committed by uniformed agents of the government, but they have these groups they set up called colectivos, which basically are militias of un-uniformed individuals riding motorcycles, armed with guns and weapons who are pulling up to these protests and basically firing into the crowd. There are now 20 people dead in Venezuela, over 500 injured, over 1000 have been jailed. Of the 20, 11 of gunshot wounds directly attributable to these government groups. Another was run over by a government vehicle.    “This is all occurring right underneath our nose, in this hemisphere. So I would encourage as many of our colleagues as possible to co-sponsor this.   “Here’s my last point. When I first got to the Senate, I used to see all these resolutions and say, ‘Well, this is just paper. Who does this matter to?’ This matters. They pay attention to this. I did an interview on CNN [en Español] a few weeks ago, and I have heard repeatedly from students in Venezuela who saw the interview and were uplifted by it.    “Because what does the government and what do oppressors tell people when they rise up and speak on behalf of their rights? ‘Nobody cares about you. Nobody’s paying attention. You don’t matter to anybody.’    “The fact that the United States of America and the U.S. Senate recognizes what’s happening in Venezuela and speaks out, as we have done here today, matters to these people. It truly does inspire them and lets them know that not only are they not forgotten, but that we care and are on their side. And I think that’s important. Any time in the world when people stand up and claim their universal rights as human beings to freely express themselves and to address their legitimate concerns about the direction of their country, they should not be met with bullets. And that’s what’s happening in Venezuela, and every time that happens, the people of our country need to be firmly on their side.” 
Senator Rubio Outlines New Job Creation Proposals on FOX Orlando
Senator Rubio Discusses Plan For Economic Growth on "FOX and Friends"
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses New Economic Growth Agenda With CNBC’s Larry Kudlow: http://1.usa.gov/1ltNl1L  Rubio: “I think our future can be brighter than our past. I think that the 21st century is tailor-made for what America is good at — innovation and job creation and investment. But we have to make a few changes if we want to fully utilize that.”
Senator Rubio Proposes New Economic Growth Agenda:  Rubio: “In order to harness the promise of a new era and build another American Century, we will need millions of new middle and higher-wage jobs.  We will face unprecedented global competition for these jobs. It is a competition we can win, but not unless we reform our current polices in Washington."
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation Promoting Alternative Higher Education Credentials In Federal Hiring: http://1.usa.gov/1gSac48  Rubio: “Today there are an infinite number of ways for people to learn and master trades, including many low-cost online opportunities. Unfortunately, our current higher education model is based on a broken accreditation system that favors established institutions while blocking out the new providers that are more affordable and accessible to many Americans.    “Combined with stringent hiring requirements in many professions, this has created a barrier to entry into the workforce for those who received their education from an unaccredited, alternative provider. By creating a federal pilot program to test the employment of these individuals, I believe we will find that the source of an employee’s education is far less important than some previously thought.    “Those who have the skills and aptitude to be successful in a job deserve the opportunity to be considered for employment, even if they learned the trade from a non-traditional source. This pilot program will likely make that possible by creating private sector confidence in the hiring of these individuals.” 
Senator Rubio Discusses Conservative Reforms with Hannity: http://1.usa.gov/1c8ECSn  Rubio: “Our challenge is to take our time-tested principles — free enterprise, limited government — and apply them to 21st century challenges.”
Rubio discusses Russian aggression against Ukraine on BBC:
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses U.S. policy toward Russia on FOX News
Senator Rubio: Obama Budget Shows Alarming Disconnect With America's Challenges: 1.usa.gov/1onFOl0  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s release of President Obama’s Fiscal Year 2015 budget:   “President Obama’s budget shows an alarming disconnect with threats to the American Dream at home and threats to our national security abroad.   “As recent events in Ukraine show, the world is as dangerous as ever. Our enemies are emboldened every time we fail to uphold our commitments and every time we naively try to address our serious debt problem by weakening our military strength and readiness, as this budget does.    “This budget walks away from the reality that America and the world are safer when America is as strong as possible economically and militarily.   “Economically, this budget calls for more government spending, instead of free enterprise, to create jobs — as if the lessons of five years of this failed approach have been ignored. This budget is a disappointing admission that President Obama has no intention of seeking any reforms to save our safety net programs. We need to save Medicare and Social Security to not only ensure future seniors can retire with dignity and a safety net, but also to make sure that we don’t sacrifice our security in order to deal with our debt.   “While there are many other areas of this budget that we will continue discussing in the coming days and weeks, I am concerned by the President’s call to expand the status quo on the Earned Income Tax Credit. We should be reforming this flawed approach to helping low-income workers, not expanding it. As I suggested earlier this year, we should convert the EITC into a wage enhancement that is distributed to workers throughout the year, not in one big lump sum as it does now.”
Senator Rubio addresses constituent concerns about the crisis in Venezuela in this week's "Constituent Mailbox":
En video español, Senator Rubio se dirige al pueblo Venezolano en edición especial de su "Constituent Mailbox":
Senator Rubio Discusses Russia, Venezuela On "Meet The Press": http://1.usa.gov/1kI9dpM  Rubio: “They are lying and this government is a government of liars, the Russian government.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: 8 Steps Obama Must Take to Punish Russia: http://1.usa.gov/1bVGkWZ    
Senators Menendez, Rubio Introduce Resolution Deploring Violence In Venezuela, Calling For Full Accountability For Human Rights Violations: http://1.usa.gov/1gFO8d4  ...  “With the Venezuelan people struggling and sacrificing for freedom, liberty and human rights, they deserve to have their voices be heard, and they deserve the world’s leading defender of human rights to be on their side,” Rubio said. “Nicolás Maduro and his thugs must be held accountable for the atrocities committed against the people of Venezuela, including unjust incarcerations, violent repression and killing of innocent protestors.    “This Resolution urges President Obama to immediately impose targeted sanctions that are already possible under existing law and encourage a process of dialogue between Venezuela’s government and the political opposition,” Rubio added. “It is time for the United States to support the Venezuelan people’s pursuit of a safe and democratic way of life, as guaranteed under their constitution.”  ...
Senator Rubio Comments On State Department’s Annual Human Rights Report: http://1.usa.gov/1mJdJcf  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the U.S. Department of State’s release of its 2013 Human Rights Report:   “America was founded on the fundamental truths that all humans are created equal and possess God-given rights. For over two centuries, the world has been a better place because America has strongly defended these freedoms both at home and abroad.   “The State Department’s annual human rights report sheds light on foreign governments’ failures to respect their citizens’ fundamental rights. These violations come in all forms, from the sexual exploitation of women and children to the denial of political, economic and religious freedoms. They remind us that the world is as dangerous as ever, and why America’s foreign policy should be guided by a clear-eyed understanding that tyrants don’t care about peace and freedom the way Americans do.   “A prime example is the ongoing government repression of peaceful student demonstrations in Venezuela, where 14 innocent people have been killed. In Ukraine, hundreds of civilians have paid the ultimate price at the hand of the Yanukovych government simply for expressing their desire to be governed free of corruption and Russian influence. For its part, Russia arrested hundreds of demonstrators this week, just as the Olympic flame was extinguished in Sochi. In Cuba, the Castro regime continues denying its citizens the most basic freedoms and holding an American citizen hostage, while exporting its repressive machine to Venezuela. In Iran, an American pastor is in his second year of imprisonment for exercising his fundamental human right to religious freedom and the Iranian people continue to face brutal repression. This month’s release of the U.N. Commission of Inquiry exposed the sordid human rights abuses and crimes against humanity committed by the North Korean regime. In China, the world’s most populous nation, more than a billion people are denied the basic human rights that we as Americans often take for granted.   “All over the world, America has opportunities to stand clearly on the side of freedom and human rights, and we must ensure that our words and actions reflect this message to people who look to us for support. It is important that these nations know that the United States will stand with freedom-seeking people around the world and will not tolerate violations against their rights. Additionally, we must be mindful that American inaction only emboldens tyrants to commit atrocities and continue persecution.    “I urge President Obama and Secretary Kerry to place a greater emphasis on these issues in their interactions with foreign officials and to make sure that in every diplomatic meeting at all levels of the U.S. government, with countries of concern, respect for human rights should be central to the discussion.”    
Senator Rubio Delivers Remarks On U.S. Policy Toward Russia At The Heritage Foundation
Senator Rubio Discusses Crisis In Venezuela, Foreign Policy With CNN’s Wolf Blitzer: http://1.usa.gov/1jyqW2U  ...  Rubio: “Well, first of all, we should be involved and care, right now. You know I heard yesterday the State Department said they are concerned. They shouldn’t be concerned about what is happening in Venezuela, they should be outraged about by it. And it should be getting the same level of attention as what’s happening in Egypt, or what’s happening in Ukraine, or other parts of the world because this is actually closer to us. The second is and I think we now have documented incidents of human rights abuses, we should put together a package of sanctions against these individuals who are committing these atrocities and these crimes, and beyond that, I would say that we should study whether, in fact, we are at a stage where we should explore some specific sanctions against this Venezuelan government. Maybe a moratorium on private investment, or what have you. But there has to be consequences for what’s going on. We need to lead through our example.”  ...
Senator Rubio Delivers Floor Speech On Crisis In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1mDREvQ  Rubio: “I get thousands of retweets from students and young people, until they shut them out, in Venezuela who are encouraged by the fact that we are on their side. What they want is what we have, the freedom and the liberty. That’s what all people want. And if America and its policy-makers are not going to be firmly on the side of freedom and liberty, who in the world is?” 
Senator Rubio Condemns ObamaCare Raid On Medicare Advantage: http://1.usa.gov/1c9Fj8D  ...  “Reducing payments to Medicare Advantage providers is going to constrain provider networks, it’s going to cut benefits, it’s going to increase seniors’ co-payments,” Rubio said. “This is going to hurt seniors of all backgrounds and income levels, and our state of Florida is going to be especially hurt by this.    “Big business and unions are getting relief, health insurance companies are going to get their taxpayer-funded bailout when ObamaCare fails, but no one is standing up to protect seniors who are going to be hurt by this raid on Medicare — a raid that’s being used to pay for the rest of ObamaCare,” Rubio added. “It’s wrong. And it’s another reason why this law needs to be repealed and replaced.”  ...
Senator Rubio: CNN’s Expulsion By Venezuelan Government An Assault On Press Freedom That Further Endangers Venezuelans: http://1.usa.gov/1h6n4Fw  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding the Venezuelan government’s expulsion of CNN and CNN en Español:   “We must assume that Nicolás Maduro is kicking out CNN, CNN en Español and other foreign journalists as a precursor to even more violent and deadly tactics against innocent Venezuelans. This press assault is a worrying sign that Maduro intends to dig in and step up the violence with the false belief that the world will never find out because he’s kicking out journalists.   “This isn’t simply an assault against press freedom. It now poses an even graver danger to Venezuelan demonstrators who will now have fewer news outlets to tell the story of what’s happening there to the rest of the world.   “We cannot allow this to have a chilling effect on press coverage of what’s going on in Venezuela. Nicolás Maduro and his government should realize that Venezuelans will not be silenced, will continue sharing their stories through online media and other means, and that news outlets and defenders of freedom everywhere will continue magnifying his atrocities for all the world to see.   “The international community, particularly Latin American governments who are supposed to defend press freedom in accordance with the Inter-American Democratic Charter, should condemn this move by Nicolás Maduro.    “The Maduro government’s legitimacy is eroding every single day. Nicolás Maduro needs to realize that he does not have an image or press problem that he can easily expel from his country. He has a repression problem, and the Venezuelan people aren’t standing for it.” 
Senator Rubio Comments On Ongoing Venezuela Crisis: http://1.usa.gov/ME4w4W  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today regarding the ongoing crisis in Venezuela:   “The situation in Venezuela is growing more violent and deadly, as innocent Venezuelans demanding their freedoms and greater accountability from the government are being met with government-organized armed repression and violence.   “I am sickened by the images I’ve seen of young people being maimed, jailed and even killed by Nicolás Maduro’s thugs. The world is watching, and every government-backed thug thinking about carrying out orders against innocent Venezuelans should really think about the eventual consequences that will come with their actions. There are cameras everywhere, and they will be held accountable for following  the orders of an increasingly illegitimate government that’s proving it can only remain in power through repression and violence.   “America should not stand idly as Venezuela’s government tramples on the Inter-American Democratic Charter that all nations in our hemisphere, except Cuba, have endorsed. I am troubled about the failure of other democratically elected governments in Latin America to publicly stand by the mass peaceful demonstrations of students and other civilians and against Maduro’s government’s brutal repression of the marchers.  “As pro-democracy leader Leopoldo Lopez sits in jail, we should demand his immediate and unconditional release, along with others who have been unjustly imprisoned for demonstrating against the Venezuelan government. We should demand that the government refrain from attacking its opponents.   “The Administration should use every diplomatic means necessary to draw attention to the courageous efforts of Venezuelans, the cowardice of Maduro’s government, and impose sanctions on those planning and actively participating in repressive and violent acts.   “I’m glad President Obama finally spoke about the situation yesterday, and he should take concrete actions that make clear we stand for peace in Venezuela and against a government that represses its people. He should make clear his support for the Global Human Rights Act, which awaits for Congress’ approval and would provide his administration with additional means to combat gross human rights violations like what we’ve seen in Venezuela.   “I am proud to represent a state where thousands have worked tirelessly to raise awareness about the situation in Venezuela and be a voice to the world for those who Nicolás Maduro’s government seeks to silence. With several peaceful demonstrations planned across Florida this weekend, I stand in solidarity with those efforts and with the courageous people in Venezuela who want a better future for themselves and their country.” 
Senator Rubio Condemns Violence In Ukraine: http://1.usa.gov/1c2JEuq  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Select Committee on Intelligence, issued the following statement today regarding the ongoing crisis in Ukraine:   “Twenty five years after the people in the then-captive nations of Eastern Europe changed world history, we again see Ukrainians taking to the streets to demand nothing more than the right to independently chart the future course of their nation and a better life for themselves and their children.     “Ukrainians have made clear that they want the opportunity to be governed free of corruption and Russian pressure. I strongly condemn the Yanukovych government resorting to violence rather than dialogue and compromise with the opposition.   “I urge the Obama Administration to use every diplomatic means at its disposal, including sanctions, to bring accountability to those involved in acts of violence throughout Ukraine. It’s also imperative that the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Congress move quickly to approve the Global Human Rights Act, which would strengthen the President’s ability to impose these punishments.    “Ukraine’s future lies in Europe, not Vladimir Putin’s Russia. America stands with those who seek freedom even at great risk to their own security. The world is watching the Yanukovych government’s response.” 
Senator Rubio: 5th Anniversary Of Failed Stimulus Plan Is Proof Big Government Is Not The Answer: http://1.usa.gov/1kNUjkF  ...  “If you recall five years ago, the notion was that if the government spent all this money — that, by the way, was borrowed— that somehow the economy would begin to grow and create jobs. Well, of course, it clearly failed,” Rubio said. “Five years later, underemployment is still too high, the number of people that have dropped out of the workforce is astounding, unemployment remains stubbornly high and our economy isn’t growing fast enough — proof that massive government spending, particularly debt spending, is not the solution to our economic growth problems.   “Here’s what would be a solution: A vibrant free enterprise economy and a people with the skills and the education needed to take up those jobs that a vibrant free enterprise economy would create. That’s what our policy makers should be focused on — policies that bring our tax code, our regulations and our massive $17 trillion debt under control,” Rubio added. “Sadly, that’s not what we’re getting from the White House, that’s not what we’re getting from this administration.” 
As Sebelius Visits Miami & Orlando, Senator Rubio Presses For Answers On ObamaCare Bailouts & Medicare Cuts To Seniors: http://1.usa.gov/1dSTBKo  ...  “Secretary Sebelius should not expect to leave Florida without addressing the potential for a taxpayer-funded bailout under ObamaCare and anticipated Medicare Advantage cuts for over a million Florida seniors,” said Rubio. “Secretary Sebelius should explain why she believes ObamaCare is so great that it’s worth bailing out insurance companies to save it and cutting existing benefits under Medicare Advantage to fund it.   “Rather than wait for next Friday afternoon’s predictable bad news dump, Secretary Sebelius should be up front with Florida’s seniors about what awaits them this fall: higher out-of-pocket costs, limited doctor choices and scaled back benefits,” added Rubio. 
Senator Rubio Confronts Repressive Venezuelan Regime On Twitter: http://1.usa.gov/1ezl43Q  
Senator Rubio: World Must Wake Up To What’s Happening Now In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/1dLx2Y2  
Senator Rubio Discusses Reforming Higher Education, Restoring The American Dream on PBS NewsHour:
Senator Rubio on BuzzFeed: 8 Ways To Improve Higher Education: bzfd.it/NFWr0t  
Senator Rubio Delivers Remarks To Community College Summit On Higher Education Reform: http://1.usa.gov/1esq7Db  Rubio: “[Higher education reform] is a national priority of the highest order, and one that we have to confront. Because if we fail to confront it, what we will slowly, but surely, become is a stratified economy, divided between haves and have-nots — between those who have higher education and those who do not have higher education.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Has Wide-Ranging Education Discussion With Bill Bennett:  Rubio: “The Pew study yesterday found that the gap between college graduates and non-college graduates on an income basis is as wide as it’s ever been. We can close that gap, but we have got to make higher education more affordable, more flexible, and more available.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Proposals For Higher Education Reform On CNBC: http://1.usa.gov/1csNoFg  CNBC’s Joe Kernen: “For Republicans to win back the hearts and minds of voters, we need to fix this, because opportunity is not equal. It depends on where you’re born and what kind of family you’re born into. And until we fix it, the other side is going to make headway by trying to guarantee outcome. So you’ve got some answers here. And I applaud you for it.”
Senator Rubio Proposes Ideas For Higher Education Reform At Miami-Dade College:   Rubio: "For millions of Americans trapped in low-paying jobs or at risk of dropping out of school, higher education may be the only way they will ever be able to move to a better paying job. What they need is more affordable degrees or career education options that are tailored to their specific needs and talents." 
As Olympic Competition Begins Today, Senator Rubio Honors Florida’s Winter Olympians: http://1.usa.gov/1eYKZmu  Rubio: “I want to congratulate four athletes with ties to my home state of Florida who are competing in this year’s games. Yes, believe it or not, even in the Sunshine State you can find ice rinks – like Skate Mania in Ocala – where many Olympic dreams are first conceived.” 
Senator Rubio Calls On Reid To Allow A Senate Vote On Iran Sanctions: 1.usa.gov/1lDCZjQ    “That’s why we want a vote on these sanctions. We don’t have room for error here. We do not have the space to be wrong on this. We can’t afford to be wrong on this,” Rubio said. “Now, there’s no guarantee that sanctions will prevent Iran from going nuclear, but I can tell you, it will make it extremely painful, it will influence their cost-benefit analysis.   “It is ideal to reach a negotiated solution with Iran, but we have to be wise. We have to learn the lessons of history, and we have to understand human nature,” Rubio added. “This administration in Iran, this regime, they want a nuclear weapon because it gives them supremacy in the region and it makes them, they believe, immune to outside pressure and interference in their internal affairs. They are headed for a weapon. They are using these negotiations to buy time.    “There are 59 members of this Senate that have signed onto a sanctions bill, and one person – one senator – is preventing a vote on it. And that is wrong,” Rubio concluded. “So I hope that we can have a vote on the Senate floor on this issue. Let’s have a debate on it. Let’s have a frank and open discussion about it. But why are we preventing that from happening? Why is the Majority Leader preventing that from happening? It is inexcusable, it is unacceptable.” 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Calls For Repeal Of ObamaCare’s Risk Corridors: http://1.usa.gov/1fyigpX  Rubio: “That isn’t fair that people and companies who can afford to hire lobbyists come up here and figure out a way to get the taxpayers to bail them out for a program that doesn’t work, was never going to work and is now worse than ever.”
Senator Rubio: It Is Time For Obama, Administration To Level With Taxpayers: http://1.usa.gov/1atcfh0  Rubio: “The bottom line is that it is not right to allow a powerful industry to use its influence here in Washington to protect itself from the consequences of ObamaCare. And it is not right that hard working Americans are forced to pay for it.”
Senator Rubio Addresses Constituent Concerns About Obama’s Executive Overreaches: 1.usa.gov/1gAxVu5   Rubio: “This idea, that somehow your idea is so good, that it is somehow above the law and above the Constitution, is a very dangerous one. It not only violates the Constitution, it violates the very principles which have kept us a free and democratic country for so long.”
Senator Rubio Calls On Administration To Address Provocative Chinese Behavior: http://1.usa.gov/1lpSewD  ...  “These harassment and interference actions are unacceptable, dangerous, and we should be making every effort to ensure that Chinese officials put an end to them.” Rubio wrote. “Furthermore, I am concerned that if China feels free to violate these international conventions, other nations will question Chinese assurances to respect other, still undefined agreements that could affect Chinese maritime operations in the South or East China seas.   “The United States and the vast majority of Asia Pacific nations believe that regional stability is fundamental to ensure a peaceful and prosperous future for our peoples,” Rubio added. “Therefore, I urge the administration to raise this issue at the highest levels of the Chinese government and to make clear that such actions are unacceptable and will have implications for the U.S. relationship with China and our security posture in the Western Pacific.”   ...
Senator Rubio Marks National Slavery & Human Trafficking Prevention Month, Pushes For Reforms In Child Welfare Systems: http://1.usa.gov/1fpQkGU  Rubio said, “In South Florida, our community knows all too well how much of a problem this is. Just this month, a human trafficking ring was busted at a Miami Beach strip club. Their victim was a 13-year old girl. 13 years old.    “It seems unconscionable that anyone would target and exploit our precious children like this. But they do, and we need to do more to stop it,” Rubio continued. “Last year, Congress took an important step to combat human trafficking by reauthorizing landmark legislation. But significant gaps remain.    “That’s why I’ve introduced ‘The Strengthening the Child Welfare Response to Human Trafficking Act’ – a bill to combat sex and labor trafficking in child welfare systems across the country. And we need your support to pressure Congress to get it passed and signed into law this year,” Rubio added.  
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Differences With Obama On Earned Income Tax Credit: http://1.usa.gov/LpGwlA  Rubio: “I think we’ve identified the same issue, but his prescription for it seems to be more of the same. And that’s problematic.”
ICYMI: Watch Senator Rubio on last night's "The O'Reilly Factor" 
Senator Rubio Comments On Tonight’s State Of The Union Address: 1.usa.gov/1ewceEx  ...  Rubio: “Americans deserve more opportunities to achieve a better life, and that’s going to require a free enterprise economy that’s creating more middle class jobs and a government with less debt. While the President discussed some areas of common interest, the heart of his 2014 agenda is clearly more about working alone than with the American people’s representatives on the major reforms we need.   “President Obama missed an opportunity on several fronts, especially by insisting that Washington keep spending more money than it takes in, keep dictating to entrepreneurs how to run their businesses, and failing to level with the American people about how we can save our retirement programs. We need a real opportunity agenda that helps people seize the enormous potential that the coming years hold.”   ... 
Senator Rubio Presses Obama Administration On Human Rights Approach To China: 1.usa.gov/1iHx6Qq    Rubio: “I hope that it is clear that we want a good relationship with China, but not at the expense of the fundamental human rights that define us as a nation and as a people.”
Momentum Grows For Rubio-Griffin ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Prevention Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/1ndjb4S  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Congressman Tim Griffin (R-AR) today welcomed new signs of growing momentum against a taxpayer-funded bailout of health insurance companies under ObamaCare. In a recent letter to Rubio and Griffin, 33 national groups and leaders, representing the views of millions of Americans, formed a coalition in support of legislation to eliminate ObamaCare risk corridor payments.  ... 
Senator Rubio Commemorates International Holocaust Remembrance Day: http://1.usa.gov/M6qUmP  Rubio: "The Holocaust will forever stand as a grave example of the terrifying capabilities of evil, the dangers of absolute power, and the price the world pays when it turns a blind eye to oppression. But it also stands as an emblem of extraordinary resilience and courage; a marker of the power of faith, hope and love in surmounting even the worst horrors imaginable."
Senator Rubio: We Should Not Be Bailing Out A Failure: 1.usa.gov/1f6Dg7h    Washington, D.C. – In this week’s installment of Marco’s Constituent Mailbox video series, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) revisits the likelihood of a potential taxpayer-funded bailout of insurance companies under ObamaCare.    Rubio reads and responds to constituent letters — from Paul in Vero Beach, Robert in Orlando, and Kenneth from Longwood  — and addresses their concerns with the health care law’s flaws.   In response, Rubio said, “What the law says is: ‘Now, the federal government, meaning you and your taxpayer dollars, will have to come in and bail these companies out.’ To me, that is absolutely wrong on two fronts. Number one: government should not be participating in using taxpayer funds to bail out private companies. And number two, the second problem is if you’ve got to bail out ObamaCare with federal funds, it tells you the law is a failure. We should not be bailing out a failure.”   Rubio also highlighted S.1726, The ObamaCare Taxpayer Bailout Prevention Act, a bill he introduced last year that would eliminate the provision of ObamaCare that allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of insurance companies at the Obama Administration’s sole discretion.   Rubio said, “Interestingly enough, I’m starting to receive, at this point, quiet, bipartisan interest in the issue. But I think in the months to come, as we get closer and closer to the reality that all of you are going to have to be seeing your taxpayer dollars going towards bailing out private companies at a time when our national debt is at $17 trillion and growing, I think you’re going to see a growing amount of support for that position.”   Rubio encourages constituents to continue writing letters and sharing their concerns regarding ObamaCare via Rubio’s official website, rubio.senate.gov. 
Senator Rubio Concludes Official Week-Long Visit To Asia: http://1.usa.gov/1e5vYT9
 
 “My experiences touring Japan, the Philippines and South Korea have left a lasting impression, and I’d like to thank the people and governments of these countries for graciously hosting me,” Rubio said. “The opportunity to visit our embassies and service men and women was a reminder of their selfless commitment that nurtures and protects America’s relationships with allies around the world.
  
 “A strong, constructive alliance with Asia is critical to promoting economic prosperity, liberty and freedom worldwide, so that one day, democracy and free enterprise will eclipse the oppression and injustices that plague this world,” Rubio added. “This shared priority is vital to both the economic growth and security of America, and the future of humanity as a whole.”
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with South Korean President Park Geun-hye to discuss economic and security concerns at the presidential Blue House (Photo credit is given to The Blue House).
Senator Rubio Meets With Human Rights Activists In South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1hWO7De
 
 “Being raised in and representing a community of Cuban exiles, I have friends, constituents and visitors to my office who know what oppression is because of their experiences as political prisoners in Castro’s gulags,” said Rubio. “Hearing firsthand accounts of the human rights violations that occur in North Korea affected me on a personal level.
  
 “Shin Dong-hyuk’s story was especially impactful, as it reveals to the world how the North Korean regime not only tries to break individuals’ spirits but also destroys families with its cruel tactics,” Rubio added. “Kim Jong-un’s complete disregard for human rights and people’s dignity is unacceptable, and a shameful inheritance from his father and grandfather.
  
 “As democratic nations, we have a moral responsibility to forge lasting and meaningful relationships, bound by values of individual liberty and peace, that put ending such atrocities at the top of our shared agenda,” Rubio said.
 
 Pictured here: Rubio visited with Shin Dong-hyuk, a human rights activist who is the only known person to have been born in a North Korean prison camp, spent his entire life imprisoned, escaped and lived to tell the story. He was born in 1982 and escaped in 2005.
Senator Rubio Continues Official Visit To South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1d0MDTn
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs Yun Byung-se.
 
 Note: Photo credit is given to the U.S. Embassy in Seoul.
Senator Rubio talks about the emotional impact of visiting the Korean DMZ during the closing remarks of his speech in South Korea:
Senator Rubio Delivers Foreign Policy Speech In South Korea:   Rubio: "The United States needs Japan and South Korea to work together.  A closer bond between our treaty allies will immeasurably improve security in the region and enhance America’s security."
At DMZ, Rubio Comes Face To Face With Repressive North Korean Regime: 1.usa.gov/1dzCQU9 
 
 Pictured below: Rubio stands in the conference room at the DMZ, where a North Korean soldier takes his picture through the window:
Senator Rubio Begins Official Visit to South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1dRO2BF
 
 Pictured below: Rubio gets briefed at the DMZ by Colonel James Minnich, Secretary of the United Nations Command, Military Armistice Commission.
Senator Rubio Concludes Official Visit To The Philippines: http://1.usa.gov/19OD0fx
 
 Pictured below: Rubio meets with Congressman Manny Pacquiao.
Senator Rubio Visits The Philippines, Tours Area Of Typhoon Recovery Efforts: http://1.usa.gov/1fcKhUd
 
 Pictured below: Rubio listens as Mayor Alfred Romualdez describes how the storm surge rose 20 feet in Tacloban, Philippines.
Senator Rubio Concludes Visit to Japan: http://1.usa.gov/1ePQbdD
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Learn More About Senator Rubio's Official Visit To Asia: http://1.usa.gov/1aklIqZ
 
 Pictured here: Rubio meets with Commandant of the Japanese Coast Guard, Admiral Yuji Sato, to discuss maritime disputes in the region.
Senator Rubio honors Martin Luther King, Jr. http://1.usa.gov/1jftIfJ  Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is an important American tradition that honors one man’s struggle for justice and equality for all. On this day, we celebrate an American hero who, through the power of words and peaceful resolve, fought the violent and legal injustices that plagued our nation in the 20th century. His struggle made the country more true to its founding ideals: that all men are created equal and that they are endowed by their Creator with unalienable rights.     In his Letter from a Birmingham Jail, Dr. King wrote, “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” Despite his incarceration, King’s words were emboldened with a hope and conviction that have continued to inspire countless men and women - even decades after his death. His empowering vision of a world built on brotherhood and equality has helped shape this great nation and inspired freedom movements around the world.     Nearly 51 years ago, not far from my office on Capitol Hill, King stood before a crowd and famously delivered a speech that described a world where one’s skin color would be nothing more than a color. He envisioned a world where one would be defined by their character. A world where all men and women could sit down together and be united by the shared essence of humanity, and a world where all children could join hands, never knowing the harsh realities of prejudice and intolerance.     Despite Dr. King’s untimely death, his legacy is immortal. I urge everyone to reflect on the principles of Martin Luther King Jr. and the virtues he peacefully defended, so that we, as a nation, can continue to embody his dream of opportunity and equality for all.
Next week, Senator Rubio will visit Japan, the Philippines and South Korea: http://1.usa.gov/1dClz12
Senator Rubio Celebrates Naval Air Station Pensacola’s Centennial In Senate Floor Speech:   Rubio: "So as the centennial celebrations get underway this weekend, I wanted to join our state and entire nation in celebrating 100 years of military excellence at NAS Pensacola. We truly give thanks to all the brave men and women who have made this military installation a crown jewel of our national defense and contributed to America’s exceptional history."
Senator Rubio: The Right to Carry a Concealed Weapon Should Cross State Lines: http://1.usa.gov/1atJ0bt
Senator Rubio Votes Against Omnibus Spending Deal:   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement after voting against the “omnibus” spending bill detailing $1.1 trillion in government spending over the next year:   “For Americans to achieve their dreams of a better life for themselves and their children, we need an economy that’s creating more middle class jobs and a government with less debt.    “This omnibus spending deal does a great job of letting Washington grow bigger, more in debt and more dysfunctional for another year, but it’s a terrible way to make the American Dream a reality for more Americans. It allows Washington to keep spending more money than it takes in, does nothing to encourage broad-based economic growth, nothing to save our retirement programs, and actually places more financial burdens on working class Americans.   “We should be having more routine, robust debates on the worthiness and appropriate funding level for individual programs, but this spending bill just lumps everything in and gives the American people an all-or-nothing choice — and that is unacceptable.” 
Learn more and sign up for updates about Senator Rubio's office's Mobile Office Hours for constituent service 
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Responds to New Benghazi Report on "Hannity" 
Senator Rubio Discusses Potential ObamaCare Bailout on "Special Report"
Senator Rubio Discusses His Legislation To Prevent An ObamaCare Bailout With Hugh Hewitt
Senator Rubio: Florida’s Abysmal ObamaCare Numbers Raise Likelihood Of Taxpayer Bailout: http://1.usa.gov/1gBUuL0  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio issued the following statement regarding today’s release of ObamaCare enrollment numbers that show only 21 percent of Floridians who have selected a plan so far comprise the 18-34 age group that administration officials have deemed crucial for the law’s survival:   “Because of ObamaCare, Floridians have lost insurance plans they were happy with, getting worse coverage, paying more for it, and now they’re on the hook as taxpayers for ObamaCare’s eventual failure. By any of these measures, ObamaCare is a failure.   “If not enough people sign up for ObamaCare, insurers will lose money and taxpayers will make up the difference. If not enough young and healthy people sign up, as is currently the case, taxpayers will have to pay even more.   “These enrollment numbers show that neither enough total people nor enough young people are signing up for ObamaCare, and it’s increasing the risk to taxpayers of bailing out health insurance companies. Congress should take the bailout option off the table right away by approving a bill I’ve introduced repealing this part of ObamaCare.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Sebelius, Congress Should Take ObamaCare Bailout Off The Table: http://1.usa.gov/1axoUxt  Rubio: "Now that health insurance companies have begun filing key disclosure documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), we see clear evidence that we’re heading for an ObamaCare bailout."
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Opportunity Equality On “Face The Nation”: http://1.usa.gov/1ahAQjh  Rubio: “I think we have failed to take the next step, which is to help people trapped with inequality of opportunity to have the opportunities to build for themselves a better life. And that’s what I hope we’ll be able to accomplish.”
Senator Rubio: Share your story of struggle and what we can do to help you stake your claim on the American Dream: http://1.usa.gov/1dDs7sq  "I believe my legislation will equip people with the skills they need to not only deal with poverty, but to escape it. All Americans should be able to achieve the American Dream, no matter the circumstances of their birth. Now, let us work together in reclaiming the land of opportunity.  As we develop our legislation, I hope you take a moment to tell me more about your story of struggle and things we can do to help you get back on your feet and rise above your current situation to stake your claim on the American Dream."
Senator Rubio: Clear Signs Emerge That An ObamaCare Bailout Is Coming: http://1.usa.gov/KK4hEg  “American taxpayers should not be on the hook for bailing out health insurers, especially because ObamaCare is not working the way it was sold,” said Rubio. “Congress should take an ObamaCare bailout off the table by passing legislation I’ve introduced to repeal the so-called risk corridor provision under the law.   “If ObamaCare can only survive through a taxpayer bailout of insurers, it’s yet another clear sign that it can’t survive and isn’t worth saving,” he added.
Senator Rubio Delivers Address on 50th Anniversary of the "War on Poverty"   Rubio: "America is still the land of opportunity for most, but it is not a land of opportunity for all. If we are to remain an exceptional nation, we must close this gap in opportunity."
Senator Rubio calls for real reform to big government's "War on Poverty"  Rubio: "For millions of Americans living in poverty, the American Dream does not seem reachable – and that’s unacceptable. After 50 years, isn’t it time to declare big government’s war on poverty a failure?"
Senator Rubio and his family send warm holiday wishes.
Senador Marco Rubio les desea una Feliz Navidad
Senator Rubio Comments On New ObamaCare Fire Sale: http://1.usa.gov/J8YQ0y   Washington, D.C. — U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today regarding reports about the Obama administration’s announcement that it will offer hardship exemptions for Americans whose health care plans have been cancelled under ObamaCare:   “The Administration is recognizing the grim reality that more Americans have lost health insurance than gained it under ObamaCare. Holding a fire sale of cheap insurance is not a responsible fix for a broken program. This is a slap in the face to the thousands of Americans who have already purchased expensive insurance through the ObamaCare exchanges. ObamaCare as originally conceived is a flawed policy and must be repealed.”
Senator Rubio, Colleagues Introduce The Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act: http://1.usa.gov/1bTinwf   Washington, D.C. – Joined by 25 Senators, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act, bipartisan legislation proposing prospective sanctions on Iran should the regime violate the interim Joint Plan of Action agreed to in Geneva or should Iran fail to reach a final agreement.  “As I’ve said before, I believe that the administration’s agreement with Iran makes a nuclear Iran more, not less likely.  However, this bipartisan bill is a first step towards ensuring that there will be serious repercussions for Iran if it violates the agreement made in Geneva or it becomes clear that, as many of us fear, Iran is not serious about fully abandoning its nuclear weapons program,” said Senator Rubio. “Even as I support this bill focused on Iran’s nuclear program, I plan to continue to work with colleagues in Congress next year to find additional ways to ensure that Iran’s continued human rights violations and its sponsorship of terrorism are highlighted and the elements of the Iranian regime responsible are penalized.”
Senator Rubio Hails Senate Progress On Conditioning Aid To Egypt Absent Economic And Democratic Reforms:
Senator Rubio Discusses How Trade Benefits American Workers: http://1.usa.gov/IVy8J5
Senator Rubio joins Jimmy Cefalo on "South Florida's First News." Listen here:
Watch Senator Rubio on last night's "Hannity":
Watch Senator Rubio in an interview about the budget deal on America's Newsroom: http://bit.ly/1hRtF91
Earlier today, Senator Rubio discussed the budget deal and immigration reform on CBS This Morning: http://bit.ly/IU0YJm
ICYMI: Listen to Senator Rubio on last night's "The Mark Levin Show": http://bit.ly/1j3en2t
Senators Rubio, Hagan Introduce Legislation To Combat Human Trafficking In Child Welfare Systems: http://1.usa.gov/18Zq1Yc  “Earlier this year, Congress took an important step to combat human trafficking by reauthorizing landmark legislation, but significant gaps remain regarding human trafficking that targets innocents in our child welfare systems,” said Rubio. “While the vast majority of prospective foster and adoptive parents are well intentioned and eager to love these children, sadly, there are those who seek to exploit our children.  For children, adoptions and foster care should be a lifeline to a better future, not a path to hell as trafficking victims.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Budget Deal Fails To Stop Washington Spending Problems: http://1.usa.gov/1jS11nE  Rubio: "Instead of setting priorities based on the limited role government should be playing in our lives, this budget deal calls for higher spending and more revenue to feed a larger government. This is not a solution; it's an exacerbation of Washington's spending problem."
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Opposes Budget Deal On “The Kelly File": http://1.usa.gov/1d9iP8v  Rubio: “The fundamental problem that we have here is that we have a government that continues to spend more money than it takes in.”
Senator Rubio: Budget Deal Threatens To Open Spending Floodgates: http://1.usa.gov/1iXtYRh  Rubio: “We need a government that creates less debt. We need an economy that’s creating more stable, middle-class jobs. And there are government policies that will further that. This budget does not do that.”
Obama Administration Official: Iran Wants Sanctions Relief In Exchange For No Irreversible Measures To Its Nuclear Program: http://1.usa.gov/1dqvNiB
Senator Rubio Opposes House-Senate Budget Deal: http://1.usa.gov/1cnvbbI
Senator Rubio's statement on the WTO trade agreement: http://1.usa.gov/1gNkGmr
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: D.C. Dysfunction Hurting Military, Veterans: http://1.usa.gov/1gcmasN  "When the Senate reconvenes next week, its dysfunction will again be on display as it considers the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), major legislation that spells out our priorities for most national security and military matters.    Given the complexity of our military and the myriad security challenges we face, this should be an opportunity to have robust debates on a wide range of issues. In the past, this has normally been the case, but there is nothing normal about today’s dysfunctional Senate..."
Senator Rubio Comments On Passing Of Nelson Mandela: http://1.usa.gov/IGA7jX  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio today issued the following statement regarding the death of Nelson Mandela:   “The world has lost one of history’s most important figures, though Nelson Mandela’s example will live on for generations to come. Men and women striving for justice and fairness around the world have drawn inspiration from Nelson Mandela, and he showed South Africans and the entire world what the power of forgiveness truly means and can accomplish. My wife Jeanette and I send our condolences to the Mandela family and to the people of South Africa.”
Senator Rubio Joins Colleagues In Opposing Chinese Actions In East China Sea: http://1.usa.gov/1d2dTCD  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL), Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Bob Corker (R-TN) and Ben Cardin (D-MD) today united in opposition to China’s recent establishment of an Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) over areas of the East China Sea.   In a letter to China’s ambassador to the U.S., the senators condemned the move for violating the sovereignty of territories claimed by Japan and South Korea, while also threatening to destabilize the entire region...
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Transatlantic Alliance and Conservative Movement on SKY News: http://1.usa.gov/1g7i9px
Senator Rubio Concludes Official Visit to London: http://1.usa.gov/1azCCuY
 
 Rubio visits the House of Commons chamber, escorted by Member of Parliament Priti Patel:
Senator Rubio Calls For Alan Gross’ Unconditional Release: http://1.usa.gov/IJLHM8  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s fourth anniversary of the unjust incarceration of Alan Gross, an American being held hostage by the Castro regime in Cuba:   “Alan Gross is a hostage being held captive by a state sponsor of terrorism, and his liberation is long overdue. Instead of considering more unilateral concessions to the Castro regime that  enrich and help fund its repressive machine, the U.S. should pursue meaningful measures to secure Mr. Gross’ immediate, unconditional release.”
Senator Rubio Delivers Major Speech In London On The Transatlantic Alliance: http://1.usa.gov/1auQd6Z   Rubio: "Together, we will be able to respond to the challenges of the twenty-first century, just as our forbears faced those of the last. And when we do, our children will inherit a world better than the one that was left to us."
See pictures and learn more about Senator Rubio's official trip to London: http://1.usa.gov/19dqMqF
 
 Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Select Committee on Intelligence, arrived in London today for a three day official visit. 
  
 During his stay, Rubio will meet with British government officials to discuss the future of the transatlantic alliance. On Tuesday, he will also deliver a major speech co-hosted by Chatham House and the Legatum Institute at 1 p.m. local time (8 a.m. EST). The speech will be live streamed...
Senator Rubio Wishes You a Happy and Blessed Thanksgiving: http://1.usa.gov/1aYyp7v  Every year on the fourth Thursday in November, most Americans set aside their demanding jobs and busy schedules to celebrate their many blessings. Thanksgiving is a uniquely American holiday on which we show our gratitude for family, friends and this great nation.     It was in the midst of a brutal civil war when President Lincoln proclaimed Thanksgiving a national holiday. But more than two centuries before that, the very first Thanksgiving was a momentous gathering that marked a lasting hope for the promise of a better life in the New World. Today, America continues to be a beacon of freedom and opportunity.     We are thankful for this great nation, where our brave troops selflessly defend the God-given rights that have guided this country to prosperity. We are thankful for this great nation, where opportunity rings even more loudly today than it did centuries ago.  And we are thankful for this great nation, where each generation is born into the promise of a better life, a promise as unique to America as this holiday— the promise of the American Dream.     As we gather around the table this year, let us fill not just our plates but also our hearts, with laughter, love and the peaceful reassuring notion of what it means to be truly thankful.     From my family to yours, we wish you a happy and blessed Thanksgiving.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Prevent Blank Check Bailouts Under ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/17XkKQ9  It’s become a hallmark of Barack Obama’s presidency that mistakes made by policy makers, businesses, and governments at all levels must be paid for by American taxpayers.   This perverse bailout culture is again evident in ObamaCare, which we now know contains a little-known provision that grants the administration a blank check for a taxpayer-funded bailout of insurance companies when ObamaCare fails.   When President Obama recently announced his unilateral order to allow health insurers to ignore ObamaCare’s mandates and regulations and keep offering health plans that people wanted to keep, it exposed another fundamental problem in the law which puts American taxpayers on the hook...
ICYMI: Senator Rubio on Bill Bennett's "Morning in America":
Senator Rubio Comments on Iran Nuclear Deal: http://1.usa.gov/1jyizSW  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement regarding the announced Iran nuclear deal:  "This agreement will not 'freeze' Iran's nuclear program and won't require the regime to suspend all enrichment as required by multiple UN Security Council resolutions. By allowing the Iranian regime to retain a sizable nuclear infrastructure, this agreement makes a nuclear Iran more likely. There is now an even more urgent need for Congress to increase sanctions until Iran completely abandons its enrichment and reprocessing capabilities..."
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Promoting Adoptions and Protecting Foster Children: http://1.usa.gov/17P2Vm2  Rubio: “On November 23rd, many across our nation will celebrate National Adoption Day. And there is much to celebrate about this family institution that has made us a better and stronger society.”
Senator Rubio Speaks at the Florida Family Policy Council's 2013 Awards Dinner:
Senator Rubio Announces Opposition To Fed Chair Nominee: http://1.usa.gov/17tOPEq  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today announcing his opposition to Dr. Janet Yellen’s confirmation to be the next Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank:  “Sound monetary policy established by the Fed is critical for long-term investment and economic growth. Unfortunately, the arbitrary way in which interest rates and our currency have been treated, especially over the last few years, has created asset bubbles and financial uncertainty that limits our economic potential. In the long run, the Fed should publish and follow a clear monetary rule that will help provide greater stability about prices and what the value of a dollar will be over time...
Senator Rubio Delivers Major Foreign Policy Speech At AEI: http://1.usa.gov/1aGwHHQ. Read the fact sheet here: http://1.usa.gov/1bD9LGY  Rubio: “Diplomacy, foreign assistance and military intervention are tools at our disposal. But foreign policy cannot be simply about tactics. It must be strategic, with a clear set of goals that guide us in deciding how to apply our influence. These goals should be to protect and defend our people, to promote liberty and human rights throughout the world, and to advance the enduring pursuit of peace for all mankind.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses ObamaCare Bailout Bill On The O'Reilly Factor:   Rubio: “The notion that we have to take taxpayer dollars to bail out insurance companies to make ObamaCare work, that alone is a testament to why this entire law needs to be repealed. The sooner the better.”
Momentum Builds For Senator Rubio's ObamaCare Bailout Prevention Bill: 1.usa.gov/1h19ANe  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today welcomed the support of several fiscal watchdog and conservative organizations for S.1726, The ObamaCare Bailout Prevention Act, a bill that would eliminate a provision of ObamaCare that allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of insurance companies at the Obama Administration’s sole discretion...
Senators Rubio, Tester Introduce Measure To Raise Military Pay: http://1.usa.gov/1aqjnbj  U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Jon Tester (D-MT) today introduced an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that would raise the salaries of active duty military personnel by 1.8 percent...
Senator Rubio Introduces Bill Preventing Taxpayer-Funded Bailouts Of Insurance Companies Under ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/18MPf5V  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today introduced S.1726, The ObamaCare Bailout Prevention Act, a bill that would eliminate a provision of ObamaCare that allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of insurance companies at the Obama Administration’s sole discretion...
Senator Rubio: As we commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, there is no better tribute I can imagine than simply reading President Lincoln's immortal words: http://bit.ly/1elzbPL
Senator Rubio: No Bailouts For ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/1aDo6FO  The health-care law’s ‘risk corridors’ could result in a huge taxpayer burden.   With every passing day, ObamaCare’s flaws are being exposed in painful ways for the American people. What started as a broken website—and nonexistent Spanish one—is now snowballing into a full-scale disaster that makes it increasingly clear this law can’t be fixed...
FOX News discusses Senator Rubio's bill to repeal ObamaCare's risk corridors:
Senator Rubio, Colleagues Highlight Key Concerns Over Iran Nuclear Offer: http://1.usa.gov/18aMteo
A Real Life Story of ObamaCare's Harmful Effects:
Just a few of the folks who visited with Senator Rubio at today’s Constituent Coffee. Thanks for coming out!
Foreign Relations Committee Unanimously Approves Rubio Bill To Increase Accountability Of Foreign Aid: http://1.usa.gov/17wF6zm  Washington, D.C. – The Senate Foreign Relations Committee today unanimously approved S. 1271, The Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2013, a bill sponsored by U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Ben Cardin (D-MD). Among other measures, the bill requires regular evaluations of foreign assistance programs to be made publicly available to the American people.   The bill is now pending further action by the full Senate.   “As we see the ongoing devastation in the Philippines, we are again reminded of how important an engaged America is for the world,” said Rubio. “Foreign aid is a key pillar of our nation’s foreign policy that can advance our national interests. The American people deserve more information and answers about whether these commitments abroad are worth the sacrifice given our own domestic challenges...
Senator Rubio Highlights Destin Senior Who Lost Her Doctors Under Her Medicare Advantage Plan, Faces Higher Costs: http://1.usa.gov/1hIVzow   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) delivered the remarks on the Senate floor today highlighting the case of Michelle Hatley, a Destin constituent who was forced to change her Medicare Advantage plan because ObamaCare regulations resulted in her insurer removing a medical center from her network. Ms. Hatley is now paying more money on a new plan that allows her to continue seeing her six doctors. The transcript follows below. For TV stations interested in airing a portion of the speech in broadcast quality video, visit here...
Senator Rubio Comments On ObamaCare Enrollment Numbers: http://1.usa.gov/185Qq3T  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s announcement of ObamaCare’s enrollment numbers:   “The abysmal ObamaCare enrollment numbers are another early warning sign that this legislation is deeply flawed and ultimately cannot be fixed. Only full repeal and replacement can begin undoing the damage this law has done to people who have lost their health plans and doctors, and are paying higher out of pocket costs. There is a better way to help people obtain high quality health care and control costs, but ObamaCare is not it.”
Senator Rubio Talks About Coaching His Son's Pee Wee Football Team On NBC Miami
Senator Rubio: Protect Americans from ObamaCare Con Artists (English & Español): http://1.usa.gov/1i5GevW
Senator Rubio: OAS Should Investigate Venezuela’s Detainment Of Miami Herald Journalist As Chilling Effort Against Press Freedom: http://1.usa.gov/1cMyP54
Senator Rubio: Stalemate In Iran Nuclear Talks Makes Clear More Sanctions Needed: http://1.usa.gov/18jSrWA
Senator Rubio wishes all veterans, active service members and their families a peaceful and meaningful Veterans Day: http://1.usa.gov/1bfHYME  While we continue to enjoy the many freedoms this great country has to offer, let us remember that freedom is not free. It requires constant vigilance and sacrifice in its defense.  And so this Monday, we honor those men and women who have selflessly and courageously served in our armed forces...
Senator Rubio: Human Rights Abusers Have No Place On The UN Human Rights Council: http://1.usa.gov/1iSjIEt  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement urging the United States and other United Nations (U.N.) members to oppose the candidacies of human rights violators to the U.N. Human Rights Council. On Tuesday, the U.N. General Assembly is scheduled to vote on the matter...
Senator Rubio: Violators Of Religious Freedom Should Be Shamed & Sanctioned Annually: http://1.usa.gov/1iQ42BC   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today called on the Obama Administration to toughen its approach on holding nations accountable for violating their citizens’ religious freedoms.
Senator Rubio Defends Public Prayer on CBS Jacksonville
Senator Rubio: Engagement Abroad Requires Clear Guidelines, Accountability
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Crack Down On ObamaCare Fraud, Protect Consumers: http://1.usa.gov/1c1Iy26  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today is introducing legislation to combat fraud and protect consumers as ObamaCare’s website failures and the federal government are increasingly steering people toward non-web enrollment options that could lead to fraud and identify theft. Rubio’s legislation comes on the heels of yesterday’s Senate Finance Committee hearing, where Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius admitted that, among other flaws, ObamaCare has no uniform standard of background checks to prevent convicted felons from becoming ObamaCare navigators.
Senator Rubio Speaks With CNN's Dana Bash:
Senator Rubio: Cuban Regime Must Free “El Critico:" http://1.usa.gov/1dOdJA5  It is with great concern that I call on the international community and the Obama Administration to appeal for the release of Cuban rapper Angel Yunier Remón Arzuaga, also known as “El Crítico” (“The Critic”), who is in life-threatening condition in a Cuban jail for using his lyrics to protest against the Cuban regime. His unjust incarceration and the regime’s indifference to his frail condition should be a lesson to all Americans that Cuba is not an exotic vacation destination, but a place where people are suffering very tragic repercussions for trying to express themselves.
Senate Intelligence Committee Approves Rubio & King Amendment to Provide Independent Check on Targeting Decisions: http://1.usa.gov/1hjzlte   Washington, D.C. – The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence yesterday voted to approve an amendment authored by U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Angus King (I-ME) that would require an independent alternative analysis, commonly referred to as a “red-team analysis,” be conducted if the government is considering the legality or the use of targeted lethal force against a known U.S. person located outside the U.S. who is involved in international terrorism. The provision, which Senators Rubio and King originally introduced in May as S. 1035, the Targeted Strike Oversight Reform Act of 2013, was adopted as an amendment to the Fiscal Year 2014 Intelligence Authorization Act.  The Committee approved the Authorization Act by a vote of 13-2 on Tuesday.
Senator Rubio is hosting a Constituent Coffee at his DC office Nov. 14. Sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/Hdqety
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Legislative Prayer Is A Constitutional Expression Of Religious Freedom: http://1.usa.gov/19yKQqQ
Senator Rubio: ObamaCare Built On A Foundation Of Lies, Promises That Can’t Be Kept: http://1.usa.gov/16AuoFn  In this week’s installment of Marco’s Constituent Mailbox video series, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) revisits President Obama’s broken promise that Americans would be able to keep their health insurance plans in spite of ObamaCare – a promise he made to “Margaret from Greeley, Colorado” during a July 29, 2009 AARP Forum.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio: Pressure Iran with Tighter Sanctions: http://1.usa.gov/1hduklO  Rubio: “Tough sanctions are exactly what has brought Iran to the table now, and tightening sanctions as we engage diplomatically affords us the opportunity to apply further pressure and force Iran’s leaders to choose between regime survival and a nuclear weapon.”
Rubio, Nelson Welcome Temporary Relief For Apalachicola Bay Water Crisis: http://1.usa.gov/17zT8hG   Washington, D.C. – The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) today announced it would grant economic injury loans under its disaster assistance program to residents of Franklin County, Florida to assist the area in coping with the economic hardships it is currently facing due to the water conditions in the Apalachicola Bay. Apalachicola is home to one of the largest commercial oyster fisheries in the U.S., and much of the local economy thrives on the health of the bay.
Senator Rubio Pushes for Delay on ObamaCare Mandate
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Pushes Legislation In Response To Glaring ObamaCare Problems: http://1.usa.gov/1aHFbgq  Rubio: “I want to fully repeal ObamaCare... But in the interim, we’re having real people call us every day about how concerned they are about the impact that it’s having on them.”
Despite Ongoing Website Problems, Senate Democrats Deny Americans Extension To Meet ObamaCare Mandate: http://1.usa.gov/1f4Atwb  Rubio: “So while I continue to want to repeal ObamaCare, I think for the good of our people, it’s unfair to continue to hold over their head the threat of an IRS fine when the method of compliance that we’re asking them to follow isn’t fully functioning.”   Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senate Democrats today denied the American people an extension for having to comply with ObamaCare’s individual mandate, despite the exchange websites’ ongoing problems and technical issues.   Democrats opposed U.S. Senator Marco Rubio’s unanimous consent request that the Senate pass S. 1592, The Delay Until Fully Functional Act, which he introduced on Monday.  The bill would delay the individual mandate to buy insurance until the ObamaCare exchange websites and all its enrollment processes have been fixed and are certified to be fully functional. Once that certification takes place, Americans will have an additional six months before being subject to taxes and penalties of the individual mandate.   In pushing for common sense relief for the American people, Rubio delivered the following remarks in which he highlighted stories from Florida constituents who have encountered problems with ObamaCare’s implementation:
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Rubio To Call For Senate Vote To Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Websites Are Fixed: http://1.usa.gov/16mjN0C  Washington, D.C. – Today, October 30, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) will request the Senate’s unanimous consent to vote on S. 1592, The Delay Until Fully Functional Act, which he introduced on Monday.     The bill would delay the individual mandate to buy insurance until the ObamaCare exchange websites and all its enrollment processes have been fixed and are certified to be fully functional. Once that certification takes place, Americans will have an additional six months before being subject to taxes and penalties of the individual mandate.   The following speech will be broadcast on C-SPAN 2:   Wednesday, October 30, 2013 2:40 P.M. EDT Rubio delivers floor remarks calling for passage of S. 1592, The Delay Until Fully Functional Act U.S. Senate Washington, D.C.
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Rubio Joins Republican Colleagues at Press Conference to Introduce Health Care Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/HuS2cB  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today will join Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI) and Representative Ron DeSantis (R-FL), along with other cosponsors, to introduce the joint legislation, If You Like Your Health Care Plan You Can Keep It Act. The Senate and House bills each have over 30 cosponsors currently, including Rubio.
Senator Rubio Asks Constituents To Share Their Stories Of ObamaCare Problems: http://1.usa.gov/1f3LAW2  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued a call to Floridians to share their stories regarding problems they have experienced so far during ObamaCare’s implementation – particularly notices from health insurance providers letting them know their plans are no longer available, shocking premium increases, losing access to their current doctors, and struggles with the exchange websites. Rubio is encouraging constituents to share their stories via Rubio’s official website, rubio.senate.gov.
Senator Rubio: ObamaCare Problems the "Tip of the Iceberg": 1.usa.gov/1dmZjqr
Fellow Floridians, join Senator Rubio for a cup of coffee at his DC office Nov. 14. Sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/Hdqety
Senator Rubio, Rep. Radel Introduce Legislation to Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Websites are Fully Functional: http://1.usa.gov/1akRSBx  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Representative Trey Radel (R-FL) today introduced the “Delay Until Fully Functional Act,” a bill delaying the individual mandate under ObamaCare until six months after the Government Accountability Office (GAO) certifies that the exchange website is fully functional.
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Discusses Legislation to Delay ObamaCare Mandate On CNN: http://1.usa.gov/1d7f8kW
Senator Rubio To Obama: Support Fair, Common Sense Legislation To Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Websites Are Fixed: http://1.usa.gov/17i7ZgF  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) urged President Obama to support legislation that would postpone the individual mandate under ObamaCare until six months after all its enrollment options, including its troubled websites, are certifiably functional.   “Given your own admission that the website’s problems cannot be ‘sugar-coated,’ I believe my legislation rests on common-ground between us despite our differences over ObamaCare as a whole, and is therefore deserving of your support,” Rubio wrote in a letter. “In fact, six Democratic senators have already announced their support for delaying the mandate, giving such a measure enough votes to pass with bipartisan support.   “Americans cannot afford to have the federal government picking their pockets as a punishment for something that was the government’s fault to begin with,” Rubio added. “While I certainly remain dedicated to fully repealing and replacing ObamaCare, this current measure is about simple fairness and should be above controversy.”
ICYMI: Rubio: Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Computer Problems Are Fixed: http://1.usa.gov/16vxNaz
Rubio: Delay IRS Penalties Until ObamaCare Websites Work: http://1.usa.gov/18b9GZ3 VIDEO: http://bit.ly/1gEIMmC
Senator Rubio Sponsors Legislation To Rename Veterans Affairs Medical Center Honoring Rep. C.W. Bill Young: http://1.usa.gov/H8QTYL
English & Español: Rubio: Failure To Launch ObamaCare Spanish Website Another Reason Mandate Should Be Delayed Until GAO Certifies Websites: http://1.usa.gov/178nw2z
Rubio Discusses Legislation To Delay ObamaCare Mandate Until Website Fix On CBS & FOX: http://1.usa.gov/1cbzm02 CBS: http://bit.ly/19YCTqR  FOX:http://bit.ly/HcMmor   Rubio: “I’m calling for a delay on that requirement, until the General Accounting Office of United States certifies that the website is up and working and functioning and has been functioning for six consecutive months. I think that’s a prudent approach.”
Senator Rubio: Delay Obamacare Mandate Until GAO Certifies Website Is Fully Functional: http://1.usa.gov/19ovYdA  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement today announcing that he will file legislation delaying the individual mandate under ObamaCare until six months after the Government Accountability Office (GAO) certifies that the ObamaCare exchange website is fully functional:   "It is not fair that next year Americans will be punished for not buying ObamaCare when the website they are supposed to buy it on doesn't work. That is why I will offer legislation to delay the individual mandate to buy insurance until the GAO certifies that the ObamaCare exchange website has been fixed and fully functional for at least six months.   "I believe this entire law should, and will, eventually be repealed and replaced. But until that happens, I will continue looking for ways to protect Americans from the disaster that is ObamaCare.   "The legislation, which will be introduced when the U.S. Senate reconvenes next week, would delay the individual mandate until six months after the GAO certifies the websites and all other sign-up options (phone, mail, fax) are fully functional. Thereafter, it exempts people from paying the mandate fines if they can prove that they tried to sign up but could not because of technical or customer service issues."
Senator Rubio Warns Consumers to Take Steps to Protect Themselves from ObamaCare Website Problems: http://1.usa.gov/19WQwXz  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following warning to consumers following President Obama's remarks regarding the disastrous ObamaCare website:   "It is clear the ObamaCare rollout has been a disaster that has further eroded the American people's confidence in the federal government's ability to keep basic promises. With all the problems and errors with the ObamaCare website, people should collect as much evidence as they can from their experiences in order to protect themselves from potential fraud, double billing, and penalties once the mandate is enforced. While the errors with the website have been well documented in the media, it's important that every consumer who is unable to register keep a record of the specific errors they encounter on the website because of the threat of potential government fines for failing to enroll in the future. Make no mistake: The IRS will go after anyone who fails to meet the Obamacare requirements, so it's important that consumers document the online problems."
Statement On The Passing Of U.S. Rep. C.W. Bill Young: http://1.usa.gov/17T0CYF  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement regarding the death of Congressman C.W. Bill Young (R-FL):   “Floridians have lost one of the greatest public servants we’ve ever had in our state’s history.  For over a half century, Bill fought tirelessly for the Tampa Bay region and to strengthen Florida’s role as a critical part of our national defense.  Largely because of Bill Young, many of our nation’s brave men and women in uniform have called Florida home at some point in their careers, with many of them spending their golden retirement years here.  Throughout Bill’s career, our military and veterans have had no greater champion than him.  My thoughts and prayers are with Bill’s wife, Beverly, and their entire family.”
Senator Rubio Statement on Religious Freedom Ambassador Vacancy: http://1.usa.gov/H5xUP2  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) today issued the following statement on the State Department’s religious freedom ambassador vacancy:   "The resignation of Suzan Johnson Cook, the State Department’s Ambassador-at-Large for international religious freedom, presents an opportunity for President Obama to commit to making international religious freedom a top priority.   "I was disappointed that it took almost 18 months for the President to nominate Ambassador Cook for this important post, which was created by Congress in the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. This Ambassador heads the State Department’s Office of International Religious Freedom, which monitors religious persecution and discrimination worldwide and publishes the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom that evaluates the status of religious freedom in 95 countries throughout the world.   "Religious minorities, especially Christians, are increasingly under attack in places such as Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Iran, North Korea and elsewhere. I urge the President to fill this vacancy very quickly with a highly qualified individual who will fight to protect this God-given right wherever it is threatened around the globe."
ICYMI: Rubio Responds to President's Statement on Budget Deal: http://1.usa.gov/1cyvfb0  “The President spoke about the divisive language in American politics. He's one of the leading causes of it. We’ve just seen, for three weeks, they have outright demonized anyone who disagrees with their position using a level of vitriol and descriptive terms, negative descriptive terms, against their political opponents.”
Rubio: We Will Prevail Because ObamaCare Is Going To Be A Disaster: http://1.usa.gov/19OS3id  Rubio: “We have missed a golden opportunity to do something about it. But we haven’t given up the fight. The one thing I want people to understand is: They should not feel depressed about this or discouraged about the long term of it. We are going to prevail on this issue. It is just a matter of time. We will prevail because ObamaCare is going to be a disaster. And it won’t be long before many people in this town will be scrambling to try to fix it.”
Rubio: The Real Crisis Remains: http://1.usa.gov/19Rel7c  Rubio: “As for ObamaCare, it too will be judged harshly by history. And that is why I am personally so disappointed that we were not able to achieve any meaningful changes to it. But this fight is not over. It has really only just begun. For in the months to come, millions of Americans will begin to confront the costs and the consequences of this law.”
Senator Rubio Introduces Senate Resolution Calling For Additional Sanctions On Iran: http://1.usa.gov/19JpWTS
Senator Rubio Statement On Senate Debt Deal  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement on the Senate debt deal:  “This debate has never been about whether to have an open federal government, but about whether we are going to fix it so that it stops spending more money than it takes in.  To save the American Dream, we need decisive action to create millions of middle class jobs and stop Washington politicians from wasting taxpayers’ money on a government we can’t afford.   “I cannot support this deal because it postpones any significant action on pro-growth and spending reforms and does nothing to provide working class Americans even one shred of relief from ObamaCare’s harmful effects.   “Until we tackle the real threats to the American Dream, we are going to continue finding ourselves in these kinds of messes.  America is better than this, and the American people deserve better.”
Rubio Statement After Senate Democrats Reject Budget To Keep Government Open: http://1.usa.gov/18GLSQQ
Rubio Opposes Short-Term Budget That Funds Job-Killing ObamaCare Program: http://1.usa.gov/1dO9OTD
ICYMI: Rubio Calls For Release Of Christian Pastor In Iran, Presses Regime On Human Rights Abuses
Rubio: It's About Shutting Down ObamaCare, Not The Government: http://1.usa.gov/19LVUxf   Rubio: “The truth is, this isn’t about shutting down the government. This is about shutting down ObamaCare. This is because it’s hurting people and it’s hurting the American dream. And you know, the argument we’ve made this week is that this law is so bad because it’s hurting people who are trying to make it.”
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Efforts To Defund ObamaCare  Senator Marco Rubio: “The President in his own way is defunding elements of ObamaCare already. He has already slowed down the implementation of the employer mandate. They are trying to issue all kinds of waivers to exempt people from this, including members of Congress. So this notion that somehow to not fund ObamaCare means we have to shut down the government - that is all up to the President and to the Democrats in the Senate. They are the ones that have decided to make that the choice.”
ICYMI: Senator Rubio discusses ObamaCare, Iran and Pope's interview w/ Hugh Hewitt. VIDEO http://bit.ly/15U4nkg FULL TRANSCRIPT: http://bit.ly/18WRf0k  Excerpts from Interview on “The Hugh Hewitt Show” U.S. Senator Marco Rubio September 24, 2013 http://youtu.be/gaJd50e_mQY   Full transcript available on http://www.hughhewitt.com/.   RUBIO ON OBAMACARE Hewitt: “So Senator, the President had a very bad three weeks with Syria, and feels embarrassed and weak, and he then was tone deaf when the massacre happened on Monday and gave a bitter partisan speech which earned him a lot of criticism. It looks to me like he wants a shutdown, he wants to have a confrontation with Republicans, because it seems like the Republicans are the only people he can beat up on like a drum. Do you think he wants the government to shut down?”   Rubio: “I think they’re prepared to have one. I think they’ve calculated politically that it’s a winner for them, and that they’ve as a result, you see the attitude he’s taken. It’s interesting to me that if you watch the media coverage of this whole debate, and no one is pointing the fact out that the President is willing to shut down the government if we don’t fully fund a disastrous program that he himself has had to delay major portions of. So there’s a program that he’s put in place, Obamacare, that even his own allies in the labor unions are asking him to either modify or give them a waiver from. And so it’s a program that isn’t working, and he’s asking us to continue to fund it. And he’s saying I don’t care if you fund the rest of the government. If you don’t fund that, I will veto it. I will basically shut down the government. And I’m just shocked that there isn’t more attention being paid to that reality, because that’s basically his position.”   Hewitt: “Well, this takes us back to where we began, Senator Cruz’ long conversation/filibuster, whatever it is called, and the fact that some on the Republican side are throwing bricks at him, and at Rand Paul and at Mike Lee and at you for being confrontational over this, as opposed to simply disagreeing with tactics. And my question is, when’s that going to end, because it seems to me that if we’re fighting, even if you disagree on tactics, there is no upside in slagging the people with an R behind their name?”   Rubio: “Yeah, and I think that’s been a two-way street, unfortunately, but I would just say this to you about that. At the end of the day, I would tell people 100% of the Republicans in the Senate are in favor of getting rid of Obamacare. Unfortunately, we do not agree on the right way to do it. And I’m not going to sit here and criticize people who disagree with our tactics on it, but I can tell you that at least for me, me personally, this is an issue I feel very passionately about. I did so in 2010 when I ran, and I still do now. In fact, I feel more passionately about it, given the people I’ve met that are being so badly hurt. I need to be able to tell people I did everything, literally everything I could, to stop this. I wish we had more people that agreed with us on that, because I think we can make some real progress if we were united on that. And we’re not, as you’ve pointed out, and I think that’s unfortunate. I think we’re united on getting rid of Obamacare. We’re not united on the best way to do it. And I think it’s proven to be counterproductive. But you know, I’m still hopeful that that will change here in the next few days.”   Hewitt: “Do you think the government ought to shut down, at least as it…not…”   Rubio: “No. No, I don’t. I don’t think it needs to shut down. I think Obamacare needs to be shut down. And again, that’s not what’s before us. That’s a false choice. This idea that we’ve had government funded before Obamacare. We can have government funded without Obamacare. This idea that unless you fund Obamacare you can’t fund the government is absurd. It’s not true. So I don’t, my position is very clear. I want to fund the government at the levels we agreed to in the Budget Control Act about a year and a half ago or two years ago, but I don’t want to waste a single penny more on a health care law that’s undermining free enterprise, hurting the middle class, and will contribute to bankrupting America.”   RUBIO ON IRANIAN PEACE CAMPAIGN Hugh Hewitt: “Now today, the President spoke at the UN, and Iran’s president spoke at the UN, and there is this giant make nice campaign underway by the mullahs. Benjamin Netanyahu said we are not going to be fooled. I am not so certain that our president won’t be fooled. What is your concern about the Iranian peace campaign?”   Senator Marco Rubio: “Well, it reminds me of Reagan’s trust but verify. You know, certainly, Reagan dealt with the Soviets, but he always had to verify what they were doing. Bottom line is yeah, you know, if Iran has had some sort of epiphany where they’re prepared to walk away from a nuclear weapons program, that would be fantastic. I have my doubts. I think that for the Iranians, that ambition of having a nuclear weapon is tied to two things – the survival of their regime, and their ability to have a disproportionate amount, of becoming a dominant power in the Middle East. And so I am very skeptical that they will ever legitimately abandon their ambitions. And in fact, I think that it is quite possible that what they are doing is buying time. They’re basically, it’s a delay tactic to distract the world while they continue forward. So the proof will be in their actions. If they are serious about this, it won’t just be words and meetings. They’ll have to take concrete steps to ensure, and to show the world that they are not headed towards a weapons program.”   RUBIO ON THE POPE’S INTERVIEW Hewitt: “Pope Francis gave an extraordinary interview this week, 12,000 words, all about tone. I don’t know if you’ve had a chance to see it, yet, but I think there’s something instructive in there for the Republican Party. What do you think?”   Rubio: “Well, I haven’t read the full interview. I’ve certainly read media reports, and about what he has said, and I think that the Pope’s message, if you read through the lines of what I read in the media reports, is that the purpose of the Church is evangelization, you know, bringing people to Jesus, bringing people to salvation. And that applies to all people. Now obviously, the Church has teachings that are consistent with the Christian faith on all sorts of issues, and the Church is not going to abandon those. But it’s also important to understand that our role is to try to reach everybody. I think the same is true in the political process. We are fighting on behalf of people, including people that don’t vote for us, you know, quite frankly. There are people that will not vote for a Republican or a conservative, and yet we’re fighting on their behalf, because they’re out there struggling to make ends meet, they want to improve their lives, they’re looking for a job. They don’t want to be on a government check. They want a job that allows them to provide for their families and earn a better life. What they don’t understand, and we have to do a better job of convincing people, is that the policies of big government, while they claim to help the people who are trying to make it, in fact, hurt them more than anybody else.”
Senator Rubio, Republican Colleagues Urge Obama To Increase Pressure On Iran: http://1.usa.gov/1dGlvM2
Rubio: Democrats Ignoring ObamaCare’s Damage To Real People: http://1.usa.gov/1bwo84T
Rubio Honors National POW/MIA Recognition Day Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement honoring National POW/MIA Recognition Day:  “Today we dedicate ourselves to honoring the brave men and women of the United States Armed Forces who were, and currently are, prisoners of war and missing in action. I pray for the hasty return of those who are still missing and I pray that their families find comfort in the love and support of the American people, who are eternally grateful for the service that our military men, women and their families offer to this great nation. We are all humbled by both the selfless service and sacrifices of our military families.  “We also remember those prisoners of war and missing in action soldiers which we have lost and pray that their families can find solace in knowing their loved ones fought with dignity and honor for our freedom. And to those men and women who were once in harm’s way but have since been returned safely home, I give my deepest thanks for your committed service and
Rubio Hails House Passage Of Bill To Defund ObamaCare, Keep Government Open: http://1.usa.gov/18bIxqR   “The American people have made clear they want Washington to keep the government open but also need protection from ObamaCare’s harmful effects. Today’s announcement would accomplish what the American people have been asking of Congress.   “A solution is within sight in order to avert another crisis of Washington’s creation. President Obama and his allies in Congress should abandon their threats of shutting down the government and instead work with Republicans to pass this proposal that would keep government open while preventing taxpayer dollars from being used to inflict ObamaCare’s damage on people’s jobs, incomes, current health plans and doctor relationships.”
Happy 66th Birthday United States Air Force! Florida is the proud home of Eglin AFB, Hurlburt AFB, Tyndall AFB, MacDill AFB, Patrick AFB and Homestead Air Reserve Base. Thank you to all the Airmen and their families, serving in Florida and around the world, for all that they do.
NA
Senator Rubio Comments On House Plan To Defund ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/18bIxqR
Constitution Day  By Senator Marco Rubio   Today, we celebrate one of the most significant documents in the history of mankind: The United States Constitution. As we mark the 226th anniversary of its signing, let us take time to celebrate the unique way of life it has provided and rededicate ourselves to realizing its profound vision.   More than two-and-a-quarter centuries ago, the Framers of the Constitution set in motion an experiment based on an idea that was simple yet radical at the time: that “We The People” should govern our own affairs.  The Framers also knew that if the government was limited, and citizens given the full freedom to utilize their God-given talents, the country could truly flourish and become a beacon of hope for the world.  History has proven their wisdom.  The document they signed gave birth to the greatest era of growth and prosperity in history and inspired movements for liberty the world over. As America has grown toward true freedom for all, the country has witnessed a flourishing of both human dignity and material well-being.   Yet today we find our Constitution in danger. Many officials elected to defend its core principles have instead called them into question and sought to weaken them. Whereas our Constitution smartly placed limits on government’s role in our society, some have attempted to expand its role in Americans’ lives in dangerous and unsustainable ways.  For too long, complacency and disregard have been allowed to erode the ideals that have been the bedrock of human advancement for over two centuries.   But our generation has the opportunity – and the responsibility – to recover the vision of our founders and preserve it for future generations. The United States Constitution is not an antiquated set of governing guidelines, but rather a timeless map toward freedom and prosperity. If we have the wisdom to follow it forward, I am confident it will lead us toward another exceptional American century.
ICYMI: Rubio: Defund Obamacare Before It's Too Late  Rubio: “Short-term budgets are a terrible way to run a government, but if we can pass one that defunds ObamaCare, we will be doing America’s workers and job creators a huge service that will be worth it. From the imperfect CR process, defunding ObamaCare would produce a clear-cut victory for American workers and families. Settling for anything less would be devastating to them.”
Rubio Comments On Shooting at Washington Navy Yard: http://1.usa.gov/1aOmlbX  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) issued the following statement regarding today’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard:   “My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families impacted by today’s shooting at the Washington Navy Yard. The brave men and women of our military sacrifice so much for our country and often endure great hardships abroad, and it’s sickening to see them attacked like this while serving stateside, along with their civilian colleagues. As we learn more about who was behind this and what their motivations were, it is imperative that justice be served.   “Every day, we should give thanks for the millions of first responders working across America who are the first on the scene when tragedies like this occur. Today, we are especially grateful to Washington area first responders who have served with courage on a nightmarish day.    “May God bless them, the victims, their families and our entire armed forces who have suffered a great loss today.”
New video: Will Sebelius meet with SeaWorld's ObamaCare victims tomorrow? Watch: http://youtu.be/ccasDgu6kqE Read More: http://1.usa.gov/18TFTpF
Rubio On The Passing Of Former Congressman Clay Shaw  Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement mourning the loss of former Congressman Clay Shaw (R-FL):  “For over a quarter century, Clay Shaw epitomized everything a public servant should be and made South Floridians proud.  I was always impressed by Clay’s work on the causes he was most passionate about.  Clay’s impact on America will forever be felt through the important reforms he championed on welfare reform, Social Security reform and Everglades restoration.  My wife Jeanette and I are praying for Clay’s wife, Emilie, and their family in this time of grief, and I hope they will find some comfort in knowing he lived an extraordinary life in the service of his community and his country.”
Rubio: Many Questions, Scant Justice From Obama White House One Year After
Rubio Statement On The 12th Anniversary Of The Attacks Of September 11, 2001  Washington, D.C. – U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) released the following statement remembering and reflecting on the attacks of September 11, 2001:     “This is a day for remembrance and quiet reflection. For most of us, we can hardly believe that 12 years have passed since the attacks of September 11, 2001. These attacks will forever be a part of our lives, not only because of the pain they caused, but because they reminded us of how resilient we are as a people.   “We were reminded of the greatness of America through the brave men and women who saved lives on the ground by fighting the hijackers in the air on Flight 93.  We were amazed by the first responders who rushed to the aid of the victims, with no thought to the personal risks that lay ahead. We were filled with pride as millions of Americans raised flags above their homes and storefronts to show solidarity with those who had lost loved ones.   “This is also a day to show gratitude to the men and women in our armed forces and intelligence services, who have fought and worked tirelessly to bring those who planned 9/11 to justice.  Their sacrifices and vigilance have largely kept the American homeland safe in the years since, so we are able to go on with our lives free from the fear that our attackers were so desperate to instill in us.   “Finally, this is a day to rededicate ourselves to our patriotic duty. We must always keep in mind the freedom that unites us as Americans, and we must remain vigilant in our daily lives to ensure the uniqueness of our nation remains a reality for many generations to come.”
Rubio Urges Sebelius To Visit SeaWorld’s ObamaCare Victims: http://1.usa.gov/1dZxuHm
Rosh Hashanah By Senator Marco Rubio   This evening we join our Jewish friends in America and around the world as they mark Rosh Hashanah, a celebration of the Jewish New Year. For millions across the globe, this sacred holiday is a chance to observe old traditions and usher in new beginnings for the year ahead.   Let us also take this opportunity to reflect upon our friendship with Israel, and to pray that safety and peace be felt there during this holy time. Especially in light of the tumultuous circumstances gripping the region, the people of Israel must be given the space and the freedom to observe Rosh Hashanah in peace.   In this time of celebration, prayer, and reflection for the Jewish people, we ask that God’s blessings be felt on all who observe this holiday. May the New Year bring them peace and happiness.   L'shanah tovah u'metukah.
Rubio: My Vote Against Military Action in Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1cHf7DU  Rubio: “While I have long argued forcefully for engagement in empowering the Syrian people, I have never supported the use of U.S. military force in the conflict. And I still don’t. I remain unconvinced that the use of force proposed here will work.”
ICYMI: Rubio: Mismanagement May Have Left Us With No Good Options Left In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/1aj7d6j  Senator Marco Rubio: “I’m concerned that no matter what we do at this point we are not going to get the outcome that is in our national security interest. I think military intervention is one of the tools in the toolbox of our foreign policy. I’m just concerned that there is no military intervention at this stage that could actually lead to that possible outcome. For example, what the President is advocating is basically a symbolic action. By his own admission he’s called it a ‘shot across the bow.’ And now they are saying the stated purpose is to prevent Assad from using weapons in the future, but I’m not sure the type of strike that they have in mind would do that. Assad is using these weapons because he is trying to survive, I mean literally survive both physically and politically. I don’t think three days’ worth of missile strikes is going to dissuade him from doing whatever it takes to survive in the future. And so, I think that is a problem that we face. Look, I hate to keep going back to this point, but we may have reached a point now where there is no good outcome possible in this conflict, and again, it is the direct result of the mismanagement of this administration.”
Senator Rubio Calls On Administration To Cancel At Least $8.7 Million Ad Buy To Promote ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/15tzYoW
Rubio: No Military Action In Syria Without Clear & Achievable Goal: http://1.usa.gov/1a4J281  Rubio: “I remain very skeptical that the kind of attack they’re contemplating, this limited attack, is going to actually achieve that goal of preventing Assad from using chemical weapons in the future.”
Rubio Statement On President Seeking Congressional Approval For Military Action In Syria: http://1.usa.gov/17x2rzS
Rubio Marks March on Washington's 50th Anniversary in TIME Magazine: http://1.usa.gov/15grxU1  Keeping Our Promise  By Senator Marco Rubio  Time Magazine  August 26, 2013 Edition  Online by Subscription Only: http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,2149602,00.html  A half-century has passed since Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. stood on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial to awaken our nation’s conscience. His vision was simple yet profound: that America must fulfill the promise made in her founding documents by allowing every citizen to access their God-given rights.   Dr. King helped bring hope to men and women of all backgrounds who wished to contribute to American exceptionalism. That included immigrants like my parents, who made a new life here after coming from Cuba. They immigrated in 1956—the year Dr. King led the Montgomery bus boycott—and raised my siblings and me in the wake of his legacy, telling us our dreams were possible regardless of the circumstances of our births.   I have taken my own children to the Lincoln Memorial, and shown them where Dr. King spoke to the unfulfilled promise of our nation. Standing in that place, I was filled with pride to know my children live in a nation where the cultural landscape is dramatically different from the one that Dr. King saw just 50 years before.   Dr. King reminded us that opportunity and freedom are American ideals, belonging to no singular demographic. His message and legacy must live all around us, and his dream must continue to lead us as we move toward America’s brightest days.
Rubio: “Defunding Obamacare in the short-term budget is the first step to rejecting the diminished future Obamacare guarantees, while restoring the free market principles that have made our economy the envy of the world and that offer the best way to reform our health care system.”
NA
Rubio: We Need To Put A Brake On This ObamaCare Disaster: http://1.usa.gov/16QZr0Z
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Visits Pensacola Talking About ObamaCare   Rubio: “I think we should fund the government. I just don’t think we should fund ObamaCare.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/19ktQn0
ICYMI: Rubio In Panama City: Choice Is Between Defunding ObamaCare Or Hurting Seniors
Rubio Tours Apalachicola Bay Area, Calls For Urgent Action To Restore Water Flow. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/15FmPbs
http://www.christianpost.com/news/one-nation-under-god-101798/
Rubio: August Recess Key To Building Momentum Against Washington Misspending: http://1.usa.gov/13N7S7q VIDEO: http://bit.ly/19NK1Mm
Rubio: We Are Fully Prepared To Vote For A Short-Term Budget That Doesn’t Fund ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/17vy9Iz
Rubio Defends Legislative Prayer From Assault By Liberal Activist Court: http://1.usa.gov/1cr1QBT
Rubio Opposes Obama’s UN Nominee; Calls For Clear Foreign Policy Strategy & UN Reform  Rubio: “When America fails to lead, the world becomes more dangerous.  The United Nations is badly broken. And I hope we will work to force meaningful transparency and accountability reforms for the U.N. But so far, this administration does not seem very interested in doing so. And therefore, until we begin to take some positive steps in that direction, I will not be able to support Obama administration nominees who have not committed to significant reform of the U.N.”
Rubio: ObamaCare Hurting Seniors Is One More Reason We Must Defund It: http://1.usa.gov/18PxWTT VIDEO: http://bit.ly/18PxPYm
Rubio: "If We're Not Willing To Fight On ObamaCare, What Issue Are We Willing To Fight On?": http://1.usa.gov/1aYLo8t VIDEO: http://bit.ly/13pxVoH
Rubio: Continuing Resolution Best Time To Stop ObamaCare Before It Begins: http://1.usa.gov/15cPzxR
Rubio: This Is Our Last Best Chance To Stop ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/16AHPlZ VIDEO: http://bit.ly/1cbEPTn  Rubio: “[I]f we pass a budget in September that funds ObamaCare, you did not do everything you could. You paid for this. You doubled down on it in ways that will have irreparable harm to our economy and to our country. This is our last best chance.”
Rubio: We Cannot Double Down On Bad Ideas Like ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/15tIxCw   Rubio: “What does work is a government that’s focused on making America the best place in the world to start a business or grow an existing one because that’s what creates jobs and middle class prosperity. And ObamaCare goes to the heart of that. It undermines that. It makes it harder and more expensive to hire more people, to start businesses, to grow existing ones.”
Senator Rubio: Shut Down ObamaCare, Not Government
VIDEO STATEMENT: Rubio Pushes To Defund ObamaCare After President's Jacksonville Speech: http://1.usa.gov/1aN79bj  Rubio: “We cannot stand by and allow America - where talent and hard work has always meant that the sky is the limit - to be destroyed by an ObamaCare law that puts a ceiling on people’s dreams and a cap on the aspirations of job creators.”
Obama Official “Can’t Answer” Simple ObamaCare Question From Rubio: http://1.usa.gov/165eLFc VIDEO: http://bit.ly/18Dt8Es
Senator Rubio Calls For Meaningful Tax Reform
ICYMI: Rubio Tells O'Reilly That Defunding ObamaCare Is Only Option Left: http://1.usa.gov/1aIk8Lj VIDEO: http://bit.ly/1bgfDLS  Rubio: “I would much rather the President come down from his prideful position and basically say, ‘Look the law is messed up.’ But he’s not going to do that obviously, and so this is the only option.”
On Friday, Senator Rubio discussed burdensome ObamaCare policies at an Orlando business roundtable. Watch a recap here: http://youtu.be/CtdRNzYylPE
NA
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses ObamaCare With Orlando Media: http://1.usa.gov/14mRaRb
Rubio To Obama: ObamaCare Has Already Failed, Implementation Must Be Defunded: http://1.usa.gov/1avlfxU
Rubio On Labor Secretary Nominee: We Cannot Move Forward With A Nominee Who Refuses To Comply With A Congressional Subpoena: http://1.usa.gov/1dFuc7I
Senator Rubio Introduces United Nations Reform Bill: http://1.usa.gov/16J473F
After Senator Rubio's op-ed, FOX News talks Blue Angels season cancellation: http://1.usa.gov/11R6e9t
NA
Rubio Backs Legislation To Defund ObamaCare
Rubio Draws “Line In The Sand” Over Debt Limit: http://1.usa.gov/16uVB8j
Rubio To Oppose New Continuing Resolution Unless It Defunds ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/1b31qRf
This July 4th, I wish our great nation a happy 237th birthday. As we celebrate this holiday, I share with you time-tested words from our Declaration of Independence:
  
 “… And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.”
  
 May these time-tested words continue to ring as true today as they always have. Happy Independence Day! God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
Rubio: ObamaCare Should Be Repealed, Not Simply Delayed: http://1.usa.gov/11Z2yRh  Rubio: "This is a remarkable acknowledgment by the Obama Administration that ObamaCare is a disaster in progress that will hurt job creators and those looking for work. The solution to ObamaCare is not to delay the day when the Internal Revenue Service comes after struggling American businesses who cannot afford to provide Washington mandated health coverage. The solution is to repeal it entirely."
Senator Rubio Delivers Closing Remarks On Immigration. FULL TRANSCRIPT: http://1.usa.gov/12tgyxM
Rubio Addresses Conservatives On Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/17COUHO
Senator Rubio Comments On Today’s Supreme Court Rulings
Rubio: Senate Bill Does What Conservatives Want On Border Security: http://1.usa.gov/121UfQM  Rubio: "If you go down the list of things that conservatives have been asking for for the better part of the two years that I've been here, we've done them all."
Rubio Discusses Senate Approval Of Hoeven-Corker Amendment With Greta Van Susteren: http://1.usa.gov/15BCE3m  Rubio: “This bill has a bunch of things that conservatives and many Americans have been asking for specifically for years. It now requires it."
ICYMI: Rubio: ObamaCare Must Be Stopped: http://1.usa.gov/10gjamh
ICYMI: Rubio: A Border Surge For A Secure Future Rubio: “Together, these technologies will help us see who is coming across our border; the fence will make it harder for drugs and people to illegally cross; the increased manpower will make sure we apprehend those who cross; and the E-Verify system will make sure that there is no future for those who live in our country illegally. This is what’s needed to prevent a repeat of the disaster we have today.”
FOX News’ Bill O'Reilly Endorses Senate Immigration Bill: http://1.usa.gov/1aycSTj  O’Reilly: "I hope this bill does become law."
Rubio Endorses Republican Amendment To Surge Border Security In Senate Floor Speech: http://1.usa.gov/15o5uUX  Rubio: “The choice is before us to try to fix this or leave it the way it is. And what we have today is a disaster of epic proportions. … We need to fix this, and this is our chance to fix it.”
Rubio On CNN: Our Broken Immigration System Is Hurting America: http://1.usa.gov/11Pq4LN   Rubio: "I'm dealing with this because this is hurting our country badly."
Rubio Welcomes Republican Amendment To Create “Surge In Border Enforcement”: http://1.usa.gov/19l2VXU   Rubio: “It’s a dramatic improvement in border security. It’s a major surge in border enforcement, and I think it’s important to explain why that’s necessary. … We have a right to protect our borders, every sovereign country does, and that’s why this is so critical. As long as we have this crisis on the southern border, it’s going to require a surge of resources like the one that this amendment outlines. I’ve been saying that for weeks, that the entire effort of immigration reform hinges on whether or not we get the border security parts of the bill right. And if you look at what’s being proposed here, this is a dramatic expansion and improvement in border security that I hope will allow, finally, for this legislation to have the support it needs.”
Rubio And Republicans Working To "Significantly & Substantially Increase Border Security": http://1.usa.gov/12dc524  Rubio: “I think here over the next few hours there’s going to be additional news to report on the work of some of my Republican colleagues to significantly and substantially increase the border security parts of the bill.”
Republican Senators To Secretary Kerry: Nuclear Arsenal Should Only Be Reduced With Senate Approval: http://1.usa.gov/17YWj3r
Rubio: Leaving In Place Status Quo Is De Facto Amnesty: http://1.usa.gov/11X4GZc  Rubio: “I don’t believe that this is the salvation or the doom of the Republican Party. This is an issue that confronts our country, and it has to be solved because it’s bad for America. That’s why I’m involved in the issue.”
Rubio Pushes Tough New Border Security Amendments: http://1.usa.gov/15cilcB
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Immigration Reform, Foreign Policy on ABC’s “This Week”: http://1.usa.gov/17R9Bit
NA
Republican Senators To Offer Border Security Amendment: http://1.usa.gov/120c1CX VIDEO: http://bit.ly/120c5T7  Rubio: “We do need to improve the border security part of the bill. … A bunch of senators have been working on it. A lot of Republicans want to be supportive of something, but need to be able to go back home and tell people that they have taken serious steps to make sure this never happens again. … It is going to have to be in there or this is not going to pass.”
Rubio: “The bottom line is we can secure the border and ensure that this never happens again, and if we can ensure that it doesn’t cost the American taxpayer by people going on welfare and things like that, then I think it will pass.”
On Senate Floor, Rubio Pushes Immigration Reform, New Amendment To Strengthen English Language Requirements: http://1.usa.gov/11UrKmM
Rubio Pushes New Amendment To Strengthen English Language Requirements: http://1.usa.gov/169vh5U
Rubio Introduces Immigration Amendment Ensuring English Proficiency Will Be Requirement For Permanent Residency
ICYMI: Rubio “Right To Refuse” Amendment Would Do Away With ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/12fV6SS VIDEO: http://bit.ly/11bac72  Senator Marco Rubio: “Under the ruling the Supreme Court had, if tomorrow the federal government decided every American must have a smart phone, and if you don’t we are going to tax you for not having a smart phone, they can do that under the logic of this ruling. So obviously health care is a much bigger issue. So we are basically filing a constitutional amendment which says that you can’t do that, that the government cannot compel Americans to buy a service or a good by punishing them for not doing it.”
NA
Rubio: “If we cannot secure the border, if we cannot take the necessary steps to earn our colleagues’ trust, this will never become law. We’re wasting our time. But I don’t think it will come to that.”
Senator Rubio Tells Constituents: Repealing ObamaCare Only Answer To IRS Scandal: http://1.usa.gov/18yFg5V
NA
NA
ICYMI: Rubio On Immigration Reform With Mike Gallagher: http://1.usa.gov/14Vp2BJ  Gallagher: "You are winning me over by your assertion that the status quo and doing nothing is amnesty, is de facto amnesty. And I think that’s a great point."
Rubio Responds To Obama’s Counterterrorism Policy Speech: http://1.usa.gov/14E8Fda
Stronger Immigration Bill Headed To The Senate Floor After Judiciary Committee Amendments: http://1.usa.gov/168qeGk  There were 301 amendments filed to improve S. 744 submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee. Out of the 161 amendments discussed in the committee, 93 were added to the bill. There is still room for improvement, but several important steps were taken to improve security and protect American jobs and workers.
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Criminal Offense To Use Fake Documentation: http://1.usa.gov/11Sx9Cf
Rubio Applauds Committee Approval Of Amendments To Strengthen Tracking Of Visa Overstays & Add Biometric Exit System: http://1.usa.gov/10fsN1j
Rubio Presses For Human Rights As Burma’s President visits U.S.: http://1.usa.gov/18Z7ibF
Rubio On Report That Administration Targeted FOX News Reporter During Leak Probe: http://1.usa.gov/16Kap8i
On Senate Floor, Rubio Highlights Conservative Groups Targeted By IRS: http://1.usa.gov/10563Be
ICYMI: Rubio Questions State Department’s Enforcement Of Human Trafficking Laws: http://1.usa.gov/16lnTYp
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DKr4PO7KkI&feature=youtu.be
ICYMI: Rubio On IRS Scandal: Resignation Appropriate, But Not Nearly Enough: http://1.usa.gov/10IgkTX
Rubio On IRS Scandal: Obama’s Culture Of Political Intimidation Leads To This Scandalous Behavior: http://1.usa.gov/10YfS2J
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Rubio To Deliver Floor Speech On IRS Scandal At 1:30 P.M.: http://1.usa.gov/12B78T2 Watch live on C-SPAN2.
ICYMI: Rubio: Federal Government Cannot Be Used As An Instrument To Target Political Opponents: http://1.usa.gov/16zWPnX
Conservative Economists Agree Immigration Reform Would Boost Economic Growth, Cut The Federal Deficit And Create American Jobs: http://1.usa.gov/16zPLrp
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Committee Passes Two Amendments Enhancing Student Visa Tracking: http://1.usa.gov/10otatB
Senator Rubio Pushes For Criminal Penalties For Guilty IRS Employees: http://1.usa.gov/YUbpnF
NA
NA
Senator Rubio Statement On The First Degree Murder Conviction Of Kermit Gosnell: http://1.usa.gov/17Y8J90
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Prevent IRS From Abusing Its Powers To Violate 1st Amendment Rights: http://1.usa.gov/15GL8fx
Myth vs. Fact: Immigration Bill Does Not Create Massive National Database Of  Americans: http://1.usa.gov/19jKh0x
Rubio To Lew: American People Deserve Answers, IRS Head Must Resign: http://1.usa.gov/10E81sc
Senador Marco Rubio: “Hola, este es el senador Marco Rubio de la Florida. Quiero extender un feliz Día de las Madres a todas las madres de la Florida y de los Estados Unidos. Este año especialmente quiero reconocer a las madres de nuestros veteranos, de los jóvenes que están sirviendo en las fuerzas armadas en el extranjero y sacrificándose y a veces dando su vida por nuestras libertades y por poder vivir en paz. Que Dios bendiga a todas esas madres que están sirviendo las fuerzas armadas y que están sirviendo también aquí en el país como policías o bomberos. Muchísimas gracias por sus servicios. Que Dios bendiga a todas las madres en este feliz Día de las Madres”.
Senator Rubio Wishes Moms A Happy Mother’s Day: http://1.usa.gov/10QEASw
Rubio: IRS Targeting Of Conservative Groups Is Reprehensible, Must Be Investigated: http://1.usa.gov/12mxcRT
House and Senate Lawmakers Introduce Legislation to Help Students Choose Between Colleges: http://1.usa.gov/13kuQW0
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Three Amendments Increasing Congressional Oversight Of DHS & Border Security Pass: http://1.usa.gov/18wybnc
Strengthening Immigration Reform: Grassley Amendment to Secure Entire U.S.-Mexico Border Passes: http://1.usa.gov/13kiNIf
ICYMI: This Morning, Senator Rubio Discussed the Benghazi Hearing On FOX & Friends: http://1.usa.gov/174Q1P6
ICYMI: Group of Conservatives Backs Action on Immigration  Top Conservatives: “Simply opposing immigration reform should not be the conservative response to this problem. We believe conservatives should be leading the way on this issue by supporting legislation that upholds conservative principles.”
Senator Rubio Welcomes SSA Chief Actuary’s Preliminary Findings On Immigration Reform Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/12eQnhF
ICYMI: Rubio: America Needs A Pro-Growth Immigration System: http://1.usa.gov/12gBFW9
Rubio: Thomas Perez Would Be A Disastrous Labor Secretary: http://1.usa.gov/11T5ifT
Rubio: What Boston Means: http://1.usa.gov/13hzYdt
Rubio Welcomes Immigration Amendments As Vital To Bill’s Passage, Encourages Public Input: http://1.usa.gov/ZNBh2W
Rubio: The Internet Sales Tax Is A Money Grab By Tax-Hungry States That Will Burden Small Businesses
NA
ICYMI: Rubio & Hannity Agree That Broken Immigration System Is Bad For America: http://1.usa.gov/12Xz4lh
Getting Immigration Reform Right: Rubio Discusses Waivers On The Hugh Hewitt Show: http://1.usa.gov/15ZRlSY
Rubio: We Can & Should Improve Immigration Reform Proposal: http://1.usa.gov/YbqU82
Rubio Answers Constituents' Questions On Immigration, Boston Attack & Internet Sales Tax: http://1.usa.gov/17n970p VIDEO: http://bit.ly/11KoJI0
Rubio Discusses Immigration On The Senate Floor: http://1.usa.gov/10DZhs4 VIDEO: http://bit.ly/Zo89zl  Rubio: “Our job here is not just to criticize, but to make better. And what we have now just doesn’t work.”
Rubio Comments On Syrian Regime’s Use Of Chemical Weapons: http://1.usa.gov/10fJ1WT
Senator Rubio Welcomes House Efforts On Immigration: http://1.usa.gov/17kF9dk
ICYMI: Rubio: Today’s Broken Immigration System Is Bad For Our Country: http://1.usa.gov/14dvRSo VIDEO: http://bit.ly/17XCN2I  Senator Marco Rubio: “The immigration reform issue for me is not a politically motivated one. It is motivated by a very simple fact: what we have today is chaos. We have de facto amnesty. We have an immigration system that is not good for this country. It is very bad for this country, and it needs to be fixed. And I’m just trying to figure out a way to fix it. I think we’ve come up with a decent starting part, a very good one, and I hope to be able to improve upon it. And I am looking for ways to make it even better, but I can tell you leaving it the way it is right now is crazy. It is bad for our country.”
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Immigration With Cavuto On Fox News: http://1.usa.gov/Y5dU67 VIDEO: http://bit.ly/11DoqQl
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Immigration w/ Hannity on Fox News: http://1.usa.gov/ZOxgH4
Rubio Tours The Border Fence With CBP Officials
Rubio: Here's The Truth About My Plan For Immigration Reform:
MYTH vs. FACT: Immigration Reform Could Lead To Democrat Bonanza Of “As Many As 11 Million New Hispanic Voters”: http://1.usa.gov/ZGAwrL
Bipartisan Group Of Senators Protest Decision To Rush Online Sales Tax Bill To Senate Floor: http://1.usa.gov/ZiPOEx
Senator Rubio Urges Obama Administration To Not Legitimize Maduro Government In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/ZiNj5g
Rubio Comments On Immigration Debate In Light Of Boston Attack: http://1.usa.gov/ZgqSfX
MYTH vs. FACT: Border Commission Is Another Do-Nothing Washington Gimmick: http://1.usa.gov/17coRmJ
MYTH vs. FACT: Federal Benefits For Illegal Immigrants
This afternoon, Senator Marco Rubio discussed immigration reform on the Senate floor. http://1.usa.gov/15q10Ss
Senator Rubio To Deliver Floor Speech On Immigration Reform At 3:30 P.M. WATCH HERE: http://1.usa.gov/15j8dDM
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Tough Border Security Triggers With Mark Levin: http://1.usa.gov/XIGN5K
Mike Huckabee Surprised Democrats Would Go For “Fairly Rigid Pathway”: http://1.usa.gov/13jERkL Huckabee: “I think you’re on the right track with the immigration bill. It sounds like it is a very responsible and even-handed approach that I hope Republicans and Democrats can come together on. Because Lord knows, this has been an ongoing problem. Not resolving it is an unacceptable thing.”
MYTH  vs. FACT: Security Triggers: http://1.usa.gov/11g5VhT  FACT: After 10 years, there are six security trigger steps that must be met before any currently illegal immigrant is given access to a green card. If any of these triggers are not achieved, no person currently here without documentation will be granted a green card. For example: If e-verify is not implemented for 20 years, then it will be 20 years before any current illegal immigrant could have access to a green card.
MYTH vs. FACT: A Cautionary Tale Of How Immigration Myths Don’t Pan Out: http://1.usa.gov/Z3lbC6
MYTH vs. FACT: The Perils Of Peddling An “Amnesty Phone” Myth Rubio sets the record straight on The Laura Ingraham Show http://1.usa.gov/Z3r7ea
ICYMI: WSJ: A New Study Shows The Potential Economic Benefits Of Reform
Medved: "Marco Rubio, appreciate your clarity, your courage, your conviction on this issue which is crucial to the economic future of the United States."
Fact Checking Today’s Immigration News Reports: http://1.usa.gov/ZoHAtd
Rubio Comments On Boston Marathon Bombing: http://1.usa.gov/12h9ZCy  “My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of today’s bombing at the Boston Marathon, the brave first responders who rushed to the scene to help others and the entire city of Boston.  For decades, the Boston Marathon has brought together people from all over the world in the pursuit of athletic excellence, a sense of accomplishment and to raise money for many worthy causes.  I am disturbed and saddened that anyone would ruin this day of celebration by targeting innocent people and murdering them in cold blood.  Once it is determined who is responsible, justice must be served to the fullest extent possible.”
Senator Rubio: Important To Allow More Hearings & Time To Review Immigration Bill: http://1.usa.gov/XCWOdg
Rubio: On Tax Day, We’re Reminded How Our Broken Tax Code Hurts Job Creation
Rubio: Immigration Must Be A Transparent And Open Debate: http://1.usa.gov/Yntoxh
Rubio: The Toughest Border Security And Enforcement Measures In U.S. History: http://1.usa.gov/131ebJf
Rubio: A Real Cost Estimate Must Account For Immigration's Positive Contributions: http://1.usa.gov/114rVMG
Senator Rubio Calls For Free And Transparent Elections In Venezuela: http://1.usa.gov/156M4rY
ICYMI: Chris Wallace: Immigration Is “Not Going To Be Rushed Through”
ICYMI: With Major Syria Hearing Today, Rubio & Casey Outline "A New Plan For Syria"
Senators Meet With Rosa Maria Payá, Discuss Democracy In Cuba
Rubio: Obama's Budget Is A Blueprint For A Recession: http://1.usa.gov/XDkNeF
ICYMI: Expanded Immigration Would Reduce The Federal Deficit, Some Conservatives Say: http://1.usa.gov/17oBnk6
Senator Rubio Introduces "REFUND Act" To Empower States To Help Pay Down National Debt: http://1.usa.gov/XpE6WE
Rubio: Obama Administration Should Clarify Its Enforcement Policy On Americans That Travel To Cuba
Rubio Releases Statement On The Passing Of Margaret Thatcher: http://1.usa.gov/17mLdmD
ICYMI: Misunderstanding Marco Rubio: Immigration Politics And DC Spin: http://1.usa.gov/14Z4ECG
ICYMI: Rubio: Why I Support the Second Amendment -- and Democrats Should Too
Rubio Congratulates Jim DeMint On His Installation As Heritage Foundation President
ICYMI: Rubio Says Process Counts in Immigration Overhaul: http://1.usa.gov/10vaepb
Senator Rubio Comments On Recent Developments On The Korean Peninsula: http://1.usa.gov/Z5KvTc
Senator Rubio Comments On Recent Developments On The Korean Peninsula: http://1.usa.gov/Z5KvTc
Senator Rubio Calls For Open And Transparent Consideration Of Immigration Legislation
As President Visits Miami On Friday, Rubio Outlines How "Obama's Policies Don't Help Middle Class": http://hrld.us/14zmk7Q
Senator Rubio Stands Against Effort To Infringe On Second Amendment Rights: http://1.usa.gov/YWeugi
Rubio & Colleagues Urge Inter-American Commission On Human Rights To Investigate Death Of Cuban Activist Oswaldo Payá: http://1.usa.gov/14jKNxj
Feinstein, Rubio To Serve As Administrative Co-Chairs Of The Senate National Security Working Group: http://1.usa.gov/ZnLRIY
Senate Passes Rubio Amendment Urging NASA To Dispose Of Underutilized Facilities To Save Taxpayer Dollars
Rubio Opposes Massive Tax Increases, Job Losses & Debt Spending In Senate Democrat Budget
Rubio Votes To Repeal ObamaCare Also touts successful effort to repeal a key ObamaCare tax
Rubio Votes To Balance Federal Budget In Ten Years  Rubio: "The Senate Democrat budget is an irresponsible joke of a public policy that proposes over a trillion dollars in job-killing tax increases and makes no attempt to balance the budget."
Senator Rubio Says Modernizing Telecom Regulations Will Strengthen Middle Class By Increasing Digital Access: http://1.usa.gov/Y2gJmE
On Senate Floor, Rubio Outlines Budget Priorities And Introduces Six Amendments: http://1.usa.gov/YrMbKs
Senator Rubio Opposes Short-Term Funding Measure As "Short-Sighted Band-Aid Disguised As A Solution": http://1.usa.gov/YprhMb
PHOTO RELEASE: Rubio Meets With Cuban Blogger Yoani Sanchez, Warns Regime About Her Safety Upon Return Home: http://1.usa.gov/WEpimz
Rubio Promotes Syria Democratic Transition Act On CNN: http://1.usa.gov/ZbY4QQ
Casey, Rubio Announce Legislation to Aid the Syrian People:   “In Syria, we have a terrible humanitarian crisis that is strengthening Iran’s influence and giving Islamist terrorists a chance to seize power after Assad is gone,” said Senator Rubio.  “This legislation is a way forward in Syria that is in line with our interests because it authorizes non-lethal direct assistance to democratically-oriented groups, encourages creative ways for U.S. aid to be more apparent to the Syrian people, and urges the president to pursue additional, crippling sanctions to isolate the Assad regime and those supporting him.”
ICYMI: Rubio: ‘No Tax In The World Will Cure Debt’
On Senate Floor, Rubio Calls For Defunding ObamaCare: http://1.usa.gov/ZIU5NT
Sen. Marco Rubio tells Newsmax he is introducing two bills to gauge the impact of sweeping regulations proposed by the Obama administration, calling some of them “really devastating.”  Read more here: http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/rubio-obama-legislation-devastating/2013/03/12/id/494377#ixzz2NQwFYg4T
Rubio To Introduce Measure To Block Aid To Egypt Absent Economic & Human Rights Reforms: http://1.usa.gov/15L1SyF  Earlier today, Rubio discussed the measure on the Senate floor.: http://bit.ly/YYDV0o
Senator Rubio Introduces Legislation To Expose Costs Of Federal Regulations For Small Businesses: http://1.usa.gov/12MwXUP
ICYMI: Senator Rubio Highlights Entrepreneurship Education Initiative In Orlando: http://bit.ly/ZxonSo
Senator Rubio Praises House GOP Budget As Serious Plan To Grow Economy, Solve Debt Problem   “Paul Ryan and House Republicans have once again offered serious solutions to our nation’s growing debt and challenging job market.  We need to save our Medicare and Social Security programs, and this is a way to do it without affecting current retirees like my mom or those who are close to retiring.  This plan is also right to call for the end of ObamaCare, which will only become a bigger job-destroying and debt-busting nightmare as it is implemented.  To accept that ObamaCare is here to stay is to accept another anchor that threatens to sink our kids’ dreams."  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/Zxel3s
Rubio Condemns Venezuela's Violation Of Constitutional Order
U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), a member of the Senate’s Select Committee on Intelligence, issued the following statement regarding John Brennan’s nomination to be CIA director:  “Earlier today, I informed the White House that I would oppose further consideration of John Brennan’s nomination to be CIA director until Attorney General Eric Holder answered Senator Rand Paul’s question about whether non-combatant American citizens could be targeted by drones on American soil. Now that the question has been answered and the President has acknowledged that he does not, in fact, possess such authority, I intend to support cloture on John Brennan’s nomination and will vote to confirm him.”
Senator Rubio Comments On Brennan Nomination Vote:     “Earlier today, I informed the White House that I would oppose further consideration of John Brennan’s nomination to be CIA director until Attorney General Eric Holder answered Senator Rand Paul’s question about whether non-combatant American citizens could be targeted by drones on American soil. Now that the question has been answered and the President has acknowledged that he does not, in fact, possess such authority, I intend to support cloture on John Brennan’s nomination and will vote to confirm him.”
Last night, Senator Rubio returned to speak on the Senate floor as the Brennan filibuster continued.
NA
Rubio Comments On Venezuela's Future
NA
NA
Senator Rubio Responds To Constituent Letters On School Choice Bill: http://1.usa.gov/YL6VwI
Senator Rubio Hails Passage Of Key Anti-Human Trafficking Legislation: http://1.usa.gov/XdCyzc
Senator Rubio Asks For Review Of Stock Assessments To Protect Fisheries & Fishing Communities In Gulf  “Stock assessments are the foundation of sound fishery management,” said Rubio. “It is vital that, as we work to preserve the waters and resources surrounding Florida and other states, we base our management decisions on sound science.  The report we’ve requested today will shed light on the decision-making process within the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and will help us to determine the best path forward so that we can ensure the economic livelihood of the fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic and the industries that depend on them.”
VIDEO: Rubio Discusses Middle East Policy: http://1.usa.gov/13Zmwbk  Rubio: “I think the loss of Assad is the ultimate sanction against Iran.”
Following his trip to Jordan and Israel, Senator Rubio will be discussing U.S. policy toward the region at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy at 1pm. Watch live here: http://bit.ly/YzXbkI
Senator Rubio On The Unveiling Of Rosa Parks Statue:  “Today, as the statue of Rosa Parks is unveiled in the U.S. Capitol, Americans of all backgrounds have an opportunity to reflect on the life of a woman of extraordinary courage. In her simple act of civil disobedience, Rosa Parks earned her place as a champion of American civil rights and, more broadly, as an emblem of the human rights that belong to all mankind. Her statue in the Capitol will serve as a reminder to future generations of Americans that all people, regardless of race or background, deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. Important work remains to be done to ensure that people around the world have freedom, liberty and other basic human rights. I am honored to labor for that cause in the presence of this powerful monument to Ms. Parks and her legacy.”
MEDIA ADVISORY: Rubio to Discuss Mideast Trip at Washington Institute for Near East Policy: http://1.usa.gov/Yv5xhr
ICYMI: Americans for Prosperity Releases 112th Congress Scorecard, Rubio Maintains A+: http://1.usa.gov/ZhIK7I
PHOTO RELEASE: Senator Rubio Tours The Iron Dome Missile Defense System in Israel: http://1.usa.gov/Yn9SiI
Senator Rubio Discusses the Middle East on Sky News: http://1.usa.gov/WRcxnp
PHOTO RELEASE: Senator Rubio Visits Jordan
Rubio Says President’s Immigration Plan Would Be “Dead On Arrival”
Visiting Jordan and Israel By Senator Marco Rubio  "Today, I am departing to the Middle East on an official trip in my capacities as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and Foreign Relations Committee. I will be visiting Jordan and Israel. This will be my first visit to Jordan and my second to Israel."  Click on the link below to keep reading.
Senator Rubio pens an oped for the Tampa Bay Times about improving access to high-quality education
Senators Introduce Child Interstate Abortion Notification Act: http://1.usa.gov/12P4HzN
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses GOP Response And Middle Class Opportunity Agenda On “The Mark Levin Show”
Senator Rubio joined Senator Cornyn & Senate Republican to introduce a Balanced Budget Amendment: http://1.usa.gov/YY1edo  #Debt
Today, Senator Rubio introduced legislation to expand school choice. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/V9C0LW
What Conservatives Are Saying About Rubio’s Response To The State Of The Union: http://1.usa.gov/WJfsjv
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses GOP Response And Middle Class Opportunity Agenda On Series Of Morning Shows. All the interviews are available here: http://1.usa.gov/14Svj1f
What did you think of Senator Rubio’s response to the State of the Union? Let us know below & share the video with your friends. http://youtu.be/Ip21GYBwqlg
Senator Rubio is about to start the Republican response to the State of the Union. Watch live at the link provided below and tell us what you think.
You can watch Senator Rubio give the Republican response to the State of the Union online. He’ll be speaking around 10:15pm EST http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/
If you’re on Twitter, make sure you’re following @SenRubioPress. Our press team will be live tweeting Senator Rubio’s State of the Union response there. Make sure to share this with your friends & use #GOPResponse in your tweets tonight!
Senator Rubio Releases Statement On Resignation Of Pope Benedict XVI: http://1.usa.gov/Y4SUpi
Rubio & Bipartisan Group of Senators Introduce Legislation to Strengthen Mental Health Services: http://1.usa.gov/14VDHhl
Senator Marco Rubio to Deliver Republican Address to the Nation on February 12: http://1.usa.gov/XoInFa
Senator Rubio will sit down with BuzzFeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith at 7:30pm EST. Watch the interview live here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddDl_KAzXo0
ICYMI: Weekly Standard Calls Senate’s Bipartisan Immigration Principles A “Win-Win”: http://1.usa.gov/YxznAm
MEDIA ADVISORY: Rubio To Participate In Inaugural Buzzfeed Brews: http://1.usa.gov/WmqgSM
Senator Rubio Opposes Continued Inaction On Solving America's Debt Problem: http://1.usa.gov/12dnTa1
Senator Rubio To Oppose Hagel’s Confirmation For Secretary Of Defense: http://t.co/DyvqFnCX
Senator Rubio Meets With New Commander For U.S. Southern Command, General John Kelly: http://1.usa.gov/TcFQld
Rubio: Applying Conservative Principles To Immigration: http://1.usa.gov/WQGMtF
Senator Rubio Discusses Immigration Reform on with Mark Levin: http://1.usa.gov/VW8jtT  Mark Levin: “What you are proposing – this is going to be controversial, but I am going to say it – is actually more conservative than the 1986 Simpson-Mazzoli bill that my hero, my former boss, Ronald Reagan signed. I just want people to know that.”
Senator Rubio Comments On President’s Immigration Speech: http://1.usa.gov/WzI2Ae
Senator Rubio Discusses Immigration With Rush Limbaugh: http://1.usa.gov/Yg2HeF   Limbaugh: “What you are doing is admirable and noteworthy. You are recognizing reality. You’re trumpeting it, you’re shouting it.”
In Senate Floor Speech, Rubio Challenges Obama To Avoid Immigration Bidding War: http://1.usa.gov/WdFI5k  Senator Marco Rubio: “In a few hours, the President will give a speech in Nevada. And early press accounts concern me. I don’t want to turn this into a partisan thing, though. Let me just say this.  If this endeavor becomes a bidding war to see who can come up with the easiest, quickest and cheapest pathway to a green card possible, this thing is not going to go well, folks. We have now a very common sense and reasonable set of principles, and I hope that the President will say today is that he hopes that that process succeeds. But if his intentions are to trigger a bidding war to see who can come up with the easiest process, this is not a good start.”
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Immigration Proposal with FOX News’ Sean Hannity: Transcript: http://1.usa.gov/Xd8Veh
ICYMI: WSJ Editorial Highlights “Promising Senate Framework” On Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/VjStrf
ICYMI: Rubio Discusses Bipartisan Talks On Immigration Reform with Michael Medved: http://1.usa.gov/113ACge: Video: http://bit.ly/Uyooa0
Senator Rubio Discusses Principles For Immigration Reform: http://1.usa.gov/VstCXN : Video: http://bit.ly/Xao6Vz  Rubio: “I can just tell you that my view of it, and I think it’s reflected in the principles, is we clearly want to make sure that the enforcement mechanisms happen. And one of the things that we all hear from people is, ‘Well, you’re going to do the legalization part but you won’t do the enforcement part.’ And so we think the best way to guarantee that people feel comfortable with that is to put in place the following: an understanding that, in fact, the visa entry and exit system – which is something everyone recognizes needs to be done – and real progress in terms of having real improvement at the border are two things that are critical and that people need to see certified before we move to the final stage in the process. Not the legalization stage, but the green card process. Because I think that answers that question. And we are going to be realistic about that but we also want to be meaningful about that.”
ICYMI: Lou Dobbs Praises Rubio’s Work On Immigration: 1.usa.gov/110sIUG   Lou Dobbs: “I want to give Rubio credit because I really believe, I mean, he has really been working on this issue. He’s been working on it, I know, for most of 2012. And what form that takes, I don’t know yet. But I do know that he’s talking intelligently about a rational, effective, humane response to the issue. And the idea is going to be whether Republican Party has the ability, the capacity, the will, to put him in a position so that he can represent the party on an issue – or whomever the party decides – will have the strongest voice and has the best ideas to put forward.”
Senator Rubio Raises Questions on America's Role in the World at John Kerry Nomination Hearing: Transcript: http://t.co/ihcmAfWt
Senador Marco Rubio: Mis Principios Para Una Reforma Migratoria: http://1.usa.gov/WwIuAb
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Benghazi Hearing With Greta Van Susteren: Transcript: http://1.usa.gov/WiaKIM
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Immigration Principles on "The Mark Levin Show": Listen Here: http://bit.ly/11TTbmd Excerpts: http://1.usa.gov/10CC6YY
Senator Rubio Delivers Speech on Middle Class Opportunity At  Video: http://bit.ly/WNbaVd Excerpts: http://1.usa.gov/Wuwj6Q
MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator Marco Rubio To Speak On Middle Class Opportunity At U.S. Chamber of Commerce: http://1.usa.gov/VYo7hQ
Senator Marco Rubio Comments on the 40th Anniversary of Roe v. Wade: http://1.usa.gov/Vi6JWH
Senator Marco Rubio Honors Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: http://1.usa.gov/XK0Y11
What They Are Saying About Rubio’s Immigration Reform Principles: http://1.usa.gov/WMD4PF
Senator Marco Rubio Announces New Foreign Affairs Staff Hire: http://1.usa.gov/VaJFFz
ICYMI: Hannity Hails Rubio’s Immigration Proposal as “Most Thoughtful” Yet: http://1.usa.gov/13JpmDl
Senator Marco Rubio Discusses Immigration Vision On “The O’Reilly Factor”: Transcript: http://1.usa.gov/S5QERx
Senator Rubio Reiterates Support for 2nd Amendment Following President's Gun Policy Announcement
Senator Rubio Marks Religious Freedom Day, Highlights Case Of American Christian Persecuted In Iran
Senator Rubio Holds Town Hall at Firehouse Subs HQ and Visits NAS Jacksonville: http://1.usa.gov/W5SVJR
This morning, Senator Rubio hosted a town hall with Firehouse Subs employees and guest at their Jacksonville HQ.
NA
Media Advisory: Senator Rubio To Hold Roundtable & Town Hall At Firehouse Subs Headquarters: http://1.usa.gov/WGT9GL
Senator Rubio Marks National Human Trafficking Awareness Day 2013: http://1.usa.gov/RKBBMN
Senator Rubio Marks Three Year Anniversary Of Earthquake In Haiti: http://1.usa.gov/VUbm4G
NA
NA
Senator Marco Rubio Announces Committee Assignments: http://1.usa.gov/S73Gzt
Senator Marco Rubio Announces New Staff Hires
NA
A look back on 2012 by Senator Marco                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Rubio.
Senator Marco Rubio's Statement On Fiscal Cliff Vote
