NA
Iowans are generous with their time in helping others, a new report shows.  Senator Grassley thanks Iowa’s volunteers for stepping up to help their communities.  Read more here:
The Death in Custody Reporting Act cleared the Senate this week and is now heading for the President’s desk.  Senator Grassley’s support of the bill was strengthened when earlier this year Iowan Brandon Ellingson tragically died in police custody.  Read more about the bill here:
NA
Thx to SenAlexander for ideas on reforming NoChild LeftBehindEmphasizingConstitution lv education to states Stopping DOEd dictates I say act
Read Dec2WashingtonPoat JennRubin"School reform..." Tells how SenAlexander will write Ed bill to emphasize state dominance in education
Senator Grassley believes each energy production tax incentive deserves consideration on its merits, and that attacks on wind energy too often occur in a vacuum.  Read more here:
Transparency and accountability won a victory in the U.S. Senate last night.  Thanks to grass roots support, the FOIA Improvement Act cleared the Senate and now heads to the House of Representatives.  The bipartisan legislation Senator Grassley cosponsored with Senator Leahy and Senator Cornyn ensures that federal agencies will no longer be able to hide behind FOIA exemptions because they fear the material released will be embarrassing. This bill makes sure agencies start with a yes mentality and only deny disclosure when doing so would harm a legally protected interest or is otherwise prohibited by law.
A key program to promote child health and abuse prevention among at-risk families expires in March.  Senator Grassley looks forward to working on congressional reauthorization of the Maternal, Infant and Early Childhood Visiting program.  He says:  “I’m glad to support a program that gives states the flexibility to use resources as they see fit to help young children and families who are at risk for abuse, neglect and problems down the road.  Parents who want to stop the cycle of abuse have the help they need through this program, and we all benefit from their success.” More information on Iowa’s version of the program is available here:
Uni ovr GeoMason 71/65. Men bb
Comment on above tweet. I've been a long time advocate for more public ceremony honoring whistleblower as patriots So they don't get harrasd
Thx Off of SpecCounsel for honoring VA whistleblowers whose blowing that made changes at VA to honor vets w medical help promised RealP8tiot
NA
Senator Grassley and Andreah Moyer of West Des Moines have worked together to help improve options for grandchildren to live with their grandparents.  Read more here:
Senator Grassley will continue to press for accountability from a federal agency criticized for questionable hiring practices, including allegations of disregarding qualified veterans who applied for jobs.  Read more here:
Senator Grassley joined a bipartisan group of colleagues at a press conference today to renew the push for passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act.  The legislation would remove the decision of whether to prosecute serious crimes such as sexual assault from military commanders, who have a lack of independence from both perpetrators and victims. Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-pushes-independent-military-justice-system
Senator Grassley is pressing for answers on why the federal government gave Social Security benefits to suspected Nazi war criminals.  The Associated Press broke the story.  Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-hatch-press-social-security-administration-justice-department-benefits
Congrats to coach jake and uni Panthers for win ovr tough Richmond bb team 55/50
Even though UNI women volleyball didn't win conference tourney today I compliment them on an outstanding season Ok to be proud gr8 coaching2
Sorry. It is Stephen F Austin U
Uni ahead of Stephen D Austin U in football 23/0 end of first qtr
Illinois st wins MoValley tourney 3/1 ovr UNI
Set3 Illinois st ovr uni 25/20
Set2 Illinois st ovr uni 25/17
Finals of MoValley vb tourney. Set1 uni ovr Illinois st 25/17. Illinois st is undefeated in conference. Uni second in conference
Set4 UNI ovr Wichita st 25/18. Uni goes to finals of MoValley tourney agst Illinois st
Set3 Uni ovr Wichita st 25/23
Set2 uni over Wichita St 25/23
Wichita st over uni in set1 25/20
Illinois St ovr MoSt set 5 15/10 so illState advances finals of MoValley Tourney
Set4 MoSt over Illinois St 25/18
Set 3 Illinois St Ovr MoSt 25/23
Set2 Illini St over Mo St 25/12
I'm at Missouri Valley vb conference tourney  set 1 MoSt ovr illState 25/20. IllSt undefeated in conference
Happy thanksgiving to all. AtGrassley farm we had 29 for noon meal  Good fellowship&conversation  the holiday is uniquely American
NA
I said 2days ago Obama adm wld extend nuclear negotiations w Iran Well it happened. This will go on til Iran develop bomb iran needs time
24hrs left for Iran to reach nuclear agreement Kerry will extend deadline Just what Iran wants:time to develop bomb
Gruber an architect of ObamaCare tells us parts of law designed purposely to mislead true cost to Americans So u kno why it's costsOvrbudget
MIT'Gruber comments on Obamacare brings proper attention to need of more transparency in govt Transparency promotes accountability in govt
MIT's Gruber comments on obamacare gives credibility to political leaders who warned abt arrogance of technocracy&massive government
Pelosisaid "we hv to pass bill so that we can find out what's in it"is better understood by MIT'sGruber words on voter stupidity&transparenc
“Yes, babies need parents. But so do 20-year-old young women.”  Those are the words of a woman who became a mother to a young adult daughter through a community program that helped them find each other.   Adoptive parents and children are never too old to come together.  Senator Grassley finds this family’s story inspiring on National Adoption Day.   Read more here.
NA
Senator Grassley continues to look at long-term paid leave for federal employees.  The internal watchdog at the Environmental Protection Agency is raising red flags there.  Read more here:
Senator Grassley received an award today from the Alliance for American Manufacturing (AAM) for his support of U.S. manufacturing and commitment to strong trade enforcement.  Rachel Bennett Steury presented the award on behalf of the AAM and thanked Grassley for his support.  More information about the  AAM can be found here: http://www.americanmanufacturing.org/pages/about-us.
Senator Grassley gave a floor speech today in tribute to his colleague, Senator Tom Harkin, who is retiring after 40 years of representing Iowans in Congress.  The text of the speech can be found here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-floor-statement-tribute-us-senator-tom-harkin.
NA
If u love America u hv to appreciate GeoWashington He once averred that"It is impossible to rightly govern the world w/o God and the Bible".
First set 17/25 2set 15/25 third set 25/19  4sset 16 /25.   Illinois at wins match 3/1. They stay undefeated
If PresObama couldn't pass immigration in 09&10 w super Demo majorities how can he in good faith criticize Republicans PresO campaignPromise
PresObama criticize Republicans for not passing immigration In 2008 he promised voters to so do He had super majorities 09$10 and no new law
UNI volleyball is serious 4me  but to those of u who vomit abt those tweets here r FACTS:income inequality Read WStJ 11/12 Gramm/Solon oped
UNI wins match ovr Indiana St 3/1
3rd set indianaSt ovr UNI 27/25
Indiana St not playing well like when beat UNI there.  2set UNI ovr sycamores  25/12
UNI ovr indianaSt 25/20. First set. Indiana is tough. Beat UNI there 3/1
Senator Grassley “likes” the new Facebook data center he toured in Altoona today. Read more about the data center and see photos here:
Glad to join Facebook data cntr opening in Altoona. IA green energy appealed to Facebook Facility will get electricity from wind
Applications for spring internships in Senator Grassley’s office are due tomorrow, November 15th.  More information can be found here:
China/Obama reach agreement on global warming China gets to expand coal use for 16yrs while Obama shutting down our coal utilities Fair?NO!
Looks like Dems stacking DC circuit by invoking nuclear option backfired…won’t hear Obamacare case while SCOTUS considers
The Grise family of Bettendorf sets a strong example for potential adoptive families.  Senator Grassley is glad to showcase the family.  Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-adoption-advocates-honor-bettendorf-family-adopting-foster-care
NA
Americans are blessed to live in a free society with abundant resources and opportunities.  During this season of thanksgiving, Senator Grassley reminds us to honor those whose sacrifice and service secures and protects the homeland.
Pres Obama flagrantly violating his oath w threats to do immigration by fiat. He is getting dangerous close to assuming a Nixonian posture
Proud 2B honored by Beth El Jacob Synagogue w Rob Borsellino award 4 Israel support & work 4 religious freedom & emigration for Soviet Jews
Senator and Mrs. Grassley received the Rob Borsellino Community Service Award at the Beth El Jacob Synagogue 10th Annual Awards Dinner and Gala in Des Moines on Sunday night. The Grassleys were honored for their dedication to Jewish freedom, support of the state of Israel and worldwide Jewry. More information can be found here: http://www.betheljacob.org/index.php/support-us/10th-annual-awards-dinner-gala
Iowa Cong-elect Young will make Guiness Book Of Records bc he is only candidate in history to finish 5th in primary and still be elected
NA
NA
UNI beats Number 1 NoDakSt 23/3 ending 33game streak Will someone tellSenHoeven my school won bc he is always kidding us when his team wins
UNI football host NoDakSt. Visitors hv won 33strsight games half UNI leads 7/0
Senator Grassley with UNI basketball Coach Jacobson's sons at a football game.
I now declare I'm not a"Virtucrat"  Read J Epstein op ed WStJournal Nov5 to decide what u r or are not
Pres Obama wants to immigration by ExecOrder. That wld be unconstitutional Does he think Constitution Writers wanted a King
Pres obama wants to do immigration by exec order. Shld read history abt Geo III and setting up 3 branches of govt
Windsor Heights Dairy Queen is good place for u kno what
Q&A at UnityPoint at Home Health in Urbandale. 45 employees. Questions about Medicare.
CedarFalls StTimothy MeChurch had a nice candle lighting service for decease of 2014 thanks to pastorWendi for recognizing my sistrBunny
4th set UNI over Wichita st 25/22. UNI win match
UNI over Wichita st 25/23 third set
UNI loses 25/20 second set to Wichita st
After I saw UNI beat Illinois st 42/28 in football I came to gym to see UNI volleyball.  UNI over Wichita st first set I didn't see
UNI ovr MoSt 3/1 to win match
UNI ovr MoSt 25/23 3 rd set
MoSt ovr UNI 25/17 set 2
UNI over MoSt 25/16 first set
NA
NA
NA
Sen. Grassley encourages young adults with experience in foster care and an interest in policy to apply for a special internship in Washington. D.C.  Read more here:
NA
Q&A with Senator Grassley: Savings=Security
Senator Grassley urges college students to know before they owe.
"Tens of thousands of federal workers are being kept on paid leave for at least a month — and often for longer stretches that can reach a year or more — while they wait to be punished for misbehavior or cleared and allowed to return to work, government records show,” according to a report requested by Senator Grassley.  The senator wants to put a stop to abuses of unpaid leave that hurt the taxpayers.  Read more here.
Congrats to AmbKenQuinn &John Ruahfor outstanding 3day program at DesMoines World Food Prize honoring this year Prize winner Sanjaya Rajaram
NA
NA
Senator Grassley congratulates Cedar Falls on being named the 2014 Iowa “eCity” by Google. Read more here:
Nice job... CedarFalls businesses // just named the 2014 eCity for Iowa for the "strongest online business community" in Iowa
Come to CedarFalls Main St business "Scratch Cupcakery"  where Mayor Crews will receive google eCity of Iowa award at 10 am
Today at 10am CedarFalls Iowa will be recognized by google as the 2014 eCity of Iowa!
Are you interested in becoming an Iowa foster or adoptive parent?  Learn more at information sessions being held in the following Iowa communities over the next few weeks: Davenport, Dubuque, Spencer, Des Moines, Ottumwa, Webster City, Waterloo, Cedar Rapids, Ames, Sioux City, and Council Bluffs.  More information is available here: 
Sen. Grassley supports the thousands of Iowans who make a difference in the lives of foster children.  Watch the inspiring story of Ruth Buckels of Ames and her family: 
Visited GreatAmerica Financial Services in Cedar Rapids. Toured and Q&A with employees
Last nite volleyball victory of UNI ovr So Illinois was 1000 win in 40yrs of sport
UNI over So Illinois 3/0 to win match
UNI ovr So Illinois 25/18 2nd set
UNI ovr SoIllinois first set 25/16
 According to a key driver of U.S. economic growth, small businesses rank taxes and red tape highest among their list of concerns.  Senator Grassley's latest commentary discusses how America’s founders intended the levers of government to be limited, rooted in the rule of law, not overruling the republic of free people.  Big government restricts individual freedoms, redistributes wealth and undermines personal responsibility.    Read it here:
UNI beats Evansville 3/0 match
UNI ovr Evansville 25/12 second set
UNI volley ball over Evansville in set one 25/19
410 students. Johnston HS Q&A. Marijuana, Ebola, ISIS, student debt, immigration, VAWA, student aid, etc.
Met w 19 Military Retirees at Mcdonalds in Urbandale. Q&A DOD $$, retirement issues, voter ID, budget, civics edu
A study confirms what Sen. Grassley and other Iowans already know:  Iowa ranks high among the states for its job climate, safety and renewable energy.
From the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier:  Sen. Grassley expresses appreciation and tells child welfare advocates, “I see myself as ... a conduit and a representative of a lot of ideas that come from advocates like you and also a lot of ideas that come from young people in foster care,” Grassley said after receiving a certificate recognizing his work.  To learn more about becoming an advocate or mentor for foster youth in need, visit https://childadvocacy.iowa.gov/staticpages/index.php?page=CASA
Honored 2B recognized today by IA Child Advocacy Bd for work on behalf of foster youth. Need to find these kids a PERMANENT HOME
Good Q&A today w ~150 Waterloo Rotarians Topics-highway bill, EPA regs, foreign policy, taxes,etc.
Are taxpayers getting the most bang for the buck out of an exclusive deal between the federal government and Bank of America?  Sen. Grassley seeks answers. 
NA
Sen. Grassley has been named a “Defender of Children” by the First Focus Campaign for Children, a well-respected, national bipartisan advocacy group, for leadership on children’s issues during the current congressional session.  Read more here:
Sen. Grassley outlines the benefits of ethanol, biodiesel and the Renewable Fuel Standard, which the EPA wants to scale back.
Sunshine on drug and medical device maker payments to doctors launches today.  Sen. Grassley co-wrote the legislation to bring light in this area for consumers.
Just had tour and info on world's largest3D printer at UNI CedarValley Techworks in Waterloo It is all abt"advanced manufacturing"
Enjoyed speaking to fall class of new inductees into ScottishRite Masonry at DesMoines Consistory
Walked Farmer'sMkt DesMoines for 2 1/2 hrs this morn to talk w any constituent who has Qs  I enjoyed talk w all
IowaSt wins match 3/2 ovr UNI
4th set UNI ovr IowaSt 25/16
I will be at prof Oakland 's classes tomorrow 930 1100 and 215  come and ask Qs U set agenda  it's education college
3rd set UNI ovr IowaSt 25/19
2nd set IowaSt ovr UNI 28/26
First set IowaSt ovr UNI 25/21
Tonite. IowaSt v UNI  volleyball IowaSt players Bigbee and Kuhrt played Sixpack club ball my son jay has coached for 21 yrs
Just had nice chat w the king of conservative talk show hosts Jan Mickelson at WHO studio for 30 min
WStJournal reports GenHolder compliments whistleblower reporting SEC fraud got 30m$ I hope he will encourage IRS to speed up such awards
Check out Chuck Offenburger’s column on Offenburger.com about the relationship between Senator Grassley and Senator Harkin. 
Today is National Voter Registration Day. Iowans can find more information about voter registration here: https://sos.iowa.gov/elections/voterinformation/voterregistration.html. Senator Grassley encourages Iowans to register.
Prescription pain medicines are dangerous when abused and can be attractive to teen-agers and adults who help themselves to someone else’s prescription.  This Saturday, the Drug Enforcement Administration’s National Take Back Day offers safe disposal methods.  In the coming weeks and months, safe drug disposal will get even easier, thanks to legislation co-sponsored by Sen. Chuck Grassley.  Read more here:  
WStJournal reports PresObama is going to "manage" air strikes in Syria When LBJ did that in Vietnam it was disastrous
UNI ovr. Bradley 3/1 to win match
Bradley ovr UNI 27/25 in 3rd game
27/25 UNI over Bradley 2nd game
Final UNI football 46/7  that's game I left to come to volley ball
1st game UNI ovr Bradley 25/15. That's women volleyball
I'm leaving end of 3rd qtr.  UNI ahead 39/7 NoColo.   Going to UNI volleyball
Half.   UNI ovr NoColo 36/0
UNI adds two pts fr blocked kick safety
2nd qtr begins UNI ovr NoColo 13//0
UNI over No Colo 10/0 after 8min
UNI wins match ovrl Loyola 3/0
UNI ovr Loyola 2nd game 25/15. Women of course
UNI over Loyola first game 25/20
In twenty min I will be tweeting UNI v Loyola volley ball  women of course
Sorry Agatha I misspelled your name in last Tweet. Thx Agatha Fenech of Cedar Falls 4 work 2 educate ppl abt where food comes from
Thx 2 Agatha French youth ambassador 4 natl child awareness month for helping educate ppl abt where food comes from She's frm Cedar Falls,IA
Appreciate Jack Kinseth of west Des Moines who is promoting civics education in HS. Helps fellow citizens understand our participatory govt
Senator Grassley met today with a group of Iowa veterans visiting Washington, D.C. He spoke with the group about their visit and current events. At the end of the meeting the group sang “Happy Birthday” to Grassley.
Senator Grassley this week met the chairman and CEO of Jockey International, Debra Waller.  She talked about the company’s charity to help adoptive families while she was in the nation’s capital to receive an award for her adoption work and advocacy.  She and the senator talked about foster youth who age out of the system with little or no support and the need to strengthen families so that they stay together even after an adoption is final.   Senator Grassley welcomes the attention to increasing the success of adoptions, including adoptions from foster care.   Read more about the company’s adoption foundation here. 
Senator Grassley appreciates those who have become adoptive parents.  Here’s the story of one Iowa family and their circle of supporters, all working hard to help kids:
Senator Grassley salutes Lutheran Services in Iowa for 150 years of working to strengthen Iowa’s children and families.  The organization is one of the state’s main providers of meeting the needs of children in foster care.  Read more about the group’s history and services here:
Sen. Chuck Grassley and Midwestern ethanol makers are watching for the Environmental Protection Agency’s final decision on the Renewable Fuel Standard, which sets the amount of biofuels such as ethanol that are blended into the nation’s fuel supply.  The agency’s proposal to lower the amount would be detrimental to the farmers and ethanol producers who work to produce ethanol as a welcome diversification from foreign fossil fuels.  The EPA could issue a final decision sometime this fall.  The EPA proposal has been pending for nearly 10 months. Sen. Grassley and fellow senators from ethanol-producing states have weighed in with the EPA and encouraged their constituents to do the same.  Sen. Grassley this week met with ethanol producers from Iowa, including Rick Schwarck, president of Absolute Energy LLC., an ethanol maker on the Iowa-Minnesota border. Mr. Schwarck presented Sen. Grassley with the 2014 Fueling Growth Award from Growth Energy in recognition of the senator’s strong support for ethanol.
U.S. Capitol after this am 6.21 mi run. Happy Constitution Day http://t.co/LcB62FkdSs
I celebrated my birthday w 6.21 mile-run  I call the "Home to the Dome" run  I do once yr  otherwise just run 3miles a day
Ran 6.21 mi fr my house to Senate this AM Running to U S Capitol is good way to appreciate Constitution's bday Gr8 way to start day
NA
Senator Grassley takes note of a new analysis that shows wind is the most efficient fuel for electricity.  Senator Grassley is a long-time advocate for wind energy.  Read the new analysis here:
Since I hv used 30  as the number of terrorist plots in US since 9/11 I stand corrected by CongResearchService numbr 70. Sorry to Iowans
When Pres Obama says I hv pen and ph if Congress won't I will he's like the Roosevelts he considers Constitution a nuisance
As the school year gets under way, Iowa universities, like their counterparts across the country, are considering their approaches to preventing campus sexual assault.  Sen. Grassley describes the legislation he helped draft to address the problem and touches on the University of Iowa’s latest developments here.
"Thirteen years ago, terrorists killed thousands of innocent people and caused immeasurable grief to victims and survivors.  Our country suffered a terrible loss that day.  Nearly 3,000 lives were cut too short—nearly 3,000 holes were left in the hearts of Americans.    My sympathies go out to all those who suffered losses on that awful day, and to the friends and family of those who have since lost their lives defending our freedom and liberty.  My thoughts and prayers are with you.  However, the memories of that day also include selfless acts of patriotism and courage, from the first responders who reported to the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, to the passengers aboard United Flight 93, to the heroes in our military, counterterrorism, and intelligence communities.    Today, we reflect on the American spirit that is brightly shining in the aftermath of tragedy.  It’s a time to honor the selfless acts by so many as they rushed toward the scenes of chaos. It’s a time to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in a senseless act of terrorism.  It’s a time to honor those who continue to fight for our freedoms every day.  It’s an annual reminder of the dangers our country still faces in rooting out terrorism.    We learned a lot about our country that day 13 years ago-- most importantly, that nothing can shake the American people’s commitment to freedom and liberty.  We will never forget."  -Sen. Chuck Grassley
tragic events of 9/11 R etched in mind thx 2 1st responders & all protecting freedom 2this day Never forget those who gve ultimate sacrifice
Senator Grassley congratulates Gary Hatfield of Taft Middle School in Cedar Rapids and Aiddy Phomvisay of Marshalltown High School on being named Iowa Principals of the Year by the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
Sen. Grassley wants to fix the broken process that keeps government watchdogs in limbo.  Read more here:  
Sen. Grassley and law enforcement officers from Iowa support the Maternal, Infant and Early Childhood Visiting program, which promotes child health and abuse prevention among at-risk families.  Read more here:
Van of WHO Van and Bonnie show I had an enjoyable 4hrs being Bonnie pro tem  Thanks for asking me.
Hav 1 more hr WHO on Van and Bonnie.
I just read the weather for WHO vanand Bonnie.  Remember weather forecasting is right only 80% of time
I brought ice cream for bfast for Van and me as "Bonnie"
5am to 9 am I'm going to be "Bonnie"  on WHO "Van And Bonnie" show  Bonnie on vacation
Toured IA Veterans Home in Marshalltown to be brought up to speed on renovations Also answered Qs from vets throughout tour
Tour Renewable Energy Group Ames & Q&A w 105 employees Topics-biodiesel, immig, Social Security, ISIS, budget. REG isVery innovative company
ISU 1 of 10 chosen to host seminar b/c of excellent cyber security education prgm
This AM gave update on judiciary comm work on cyber security at seminar 2 educate consumers & biz at Iowa State Univ. Speech on my website
Q&A w 37 ppl Ames Chamber of commerce good discussion abt natl and local issues + university
Jefferson town mtg 55 people Topics-EPA regs, immigration, sequestration, ISIS, Fast & Furious, whistleblowing, IRS, Benghazi, Iraq, Syria
Just finished the "full Grassley " tour of 99 county meetings for 34th yr in row w the town meeting in  Jefferson  55 ppl attended
Q&A w 96 students Carroll high School Topics-partisanship, college aid, gangs, Hobby Lobby, school funding, ISIS, guns, legislative process
Denison Town Mtg w 37 ppl Topics-immigration, EPA, highways, Keystone, ISIS, VA, exec orders, min wage, farm bill, tax reform, GMOs
Q&A w 84 students West Monona HS Topics-guns, farm prices, Obamacare, Welfare, marijuana, same sex marriage, school funding, ISIS
Q&A, tour w 185th Air Refueling Wing Sioux City 300 ppl Topics-Tricare, sequestration, fitness, Social Security, immigration, natl debt
Holstein town mtg 28 ppl Topics-Social Security, immig, ethanol, Middle East, EPA regs, coal, wind energy, ISIS, highways, VA, electric cars
Q&A, tour w 32 ppl RJ Thomas Manuf. Cherokee Topics-Tyson plant closing, Reid obstruction, immig, ISIS, Middle East, Ukraine, natl security
Q&A w Storm Lake Rotary 29 ppl most Rotary mtg Qs focus on policy This time policy was immig otherwise Qs abt start in politics, 99 cty mtgs
Odebolt town mtg 37 ppl Topics-Benghazi, Citizens United, ISIS, EPA regs, VA, hydrogen, student loans, RFS, young farmer program
Rockwell City town mtg 49ppl Topics-iA pipeline, immig, VA, inversions, ChildCustody, cancer rsch, sec 179, EPA, debt, ForeignAid, IRS, ISIS
Toured Grandview Christian School in DesMoines Met several classes and attended faculty meeting of 37
Programs that help foster youth age out of the system and make the transition to college or meaningful work are invaluable.  Senator Grassley takes note of media coverage of such a program in Indiana.  Senator Grassley was a leader in the bipartisan effort to pass the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoption Act of 2008, which gave states the option to extend services to youth aging out of the system and help them pursue education or vocational training.  Read the story about Indiana’s program and a young man who benefited from it here.
Senator Grassley wants college students to be aware of sexual assault and reporting requirements for colleges under federal law.  He’s working to beef up prevention and awareness with the bipartisan Campus Accountability and Safety Act.  Read more here:
Q&A with Senator Grassley on #ALS. 
Spoke at field day for Iowa Corn Growers near Dunkerton  Message: 2% of US grow food for 98% That 2% big job to Xplain farming to city ppl
Bfast w Pro Wayne Svoboda CUNY School of Journalism  First conversation since he covered me in 1980 for DesMoines Reg
Over 600 ppl came to centennial of JewishFederation of Greater DesMoines   Actor Richard Dreyfus was speaker
Today we did 44miles onSandhill Journey It was a windshield tour of famous Sandhills of Nebr hiway 2 To farm tomorrow & town meetings
Our last stop today was Devil'sTower   Quite geological rarity. NativeAmericans considered it and black hills sacred
BTW we saw half Iowa vacationing in SoDak. So to b truthful it's nice to hv Iowans come up and say"r u chuck Grassley " when u not in suit
We r in Hulett Wy eating and viewing biggies collection off Wild Bill Hickok at a museum by that name This was not a stop on honeymoon
After MtRushmore mrs G and I went to Crazy Horse monument Started in 1948 u can now see head of Chief When finished it will be worldLargest
Continuing revisit of honeymoon trip after 60yrs Rushmore faces same but environs improved beyond xpectation  Foundation is gr8 nonprofit
Our visit to Mitchell SD took us also to Sen Geo McGovern Library. It was closed wkends. So barb and I just took our picture beside GeoStatu
Senator Grassley thanks his summer interns and looks forward to getting to know the fall interns.
NA
WallStJournal "we union members oppose new(EPA )anti carbon rules that will cost jobs and endanger the grid" That is electric workers union
60th anniversary.  Now at famous Wall Drug Wall SD
Like we did 60 yrs ago on honeymoon we visited Mitchell SD famous CornPalace The corn murals were many more than in '54  and jus as butiful
Retracing our honeymoon of 60 yrs  we are now in SoDak Badlands
Humboldt town hall w 51 people Topics-immig, voter ID, Obamacare, foreign aid, Israel, Sec179 expensing, Iraq, IRS, min wage, EPA regs
Pocahontas town hall w 38 ppl Topics-immig, Congo adoptn, terrorism, Iraq, EPA, debt, welfare, Obamacare, Benghazi, IRS, Reid running Senate
Senator Grassley visited the Iowa State Fair twice last week.  Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call kept up with the senator as he walked the fairgrounds and talked to Iowans.
Q&A w 46 ppl at Iowa Great Lakes Rotary Topics-Reid impeding House passed bills, Iraq, aiding Kurds, immig, housing, debt, Israel/Hamas
Estherville town hall w50 ppl Topics-worry abt Reid/Senate, Ukraine, tax extenders, IRA, coal, Iraq,Syria, immig, military/faith, TermLimits
Toured cellulosic part of POET Emmetsburg ethanol plant. Had Q&A w 25 employees on what U might expect...ethanol
Spencer town hall mtg w 28 ppl Topics-pipeline, electric trans lines, med marijuana, wind energy, immig, Iraq, fast&furious, min wage, debt
Sheldon town hall mtg w 32 ppl Topics-  Debt, VA, Bergdahl, Lewis and Clark water, Hamas funding, guns, Obamacare, GMO labeling, immig
Sibley Town hall mtg w 36 ppl Topics-inversions, EPA regs, tax hikes?, immig, partisanship, energy, Russia, term limits, common Core
Rock Rapids Town Hall mtg w 46 ppl Topics-EPA regs, IRS, immigration, Common Core, Lewis and Clark, Iraq, pipeline
Why did the Drug Enforcement Administration pay $854,460 for information it could have had for free?  Senator Grassley wants to know.  Read more here and on Grassley's website: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-seeks-answers-dea-payment-854460-amtrak-passenger-information.  
Sioux Center town hall mtg w 49 ppl Topics-immigration, Obamacare, Lewis and Clark, EPA regs, min wage, Israel/Hamas
Q&A w Le Mars Kiwanis 29 ppl Topics-natl debt, immig, marijuana, partisanship, Iraq, VA, 2016 president election
I'm in Lemars Iowa overnite to do 10county meetings in NW Iowa Tues&Wed. After this wk I will hv 11counties to finish 99counties for 34th yr
I talked w Dan Looker Successful Farming at farm abt crops on Grassley farm see iview at http://t.co/Cp81zv9DPf
Went to Memorial service for Bob Formanek my HS baseball coach WWII veteran. Life long educator Lots of NewHartford ppl celebrated his life
Obama Trade Representative Froman visited Iowa State Fair Besides walking fair he had meeting 21 ag leaders for discussion of trade update
At IA State Fair. Barbara cancer survivor. Works for cancer cure. Don't believe me just as me http://t.co/twrqolCVWv
Enjoyed seeing butter cow at state fair this morn @whohd http://t.co/Fal85BrTl2
Famous IA State corn dogs. Great: if you don't believe me just ask me. http://t.co/2OYz0mOon3
Second day at the IA State Fair. Famous butter cow: if u don't believe it just ask me. http://t.co/ZA2HIrerQm
Second day at the great Iowa State Fair. Great: if you don't believe it just ask me. http://t.co/SMdroXBCt3
First of two days at Iowa St Fair Perfect weather resulted in masses attending Had lots of Qs as I walked among constituents
Update the BIG BOAR 2014 Iowa State Fair http://t.co/4l1I8wngUZ
Between 2010&2013 the number of terrorist or those w connections to same in the govt data base more than doubled to a million
Tour and Q&A at Edgewater Retirement Community 116 ppl Topics-taxes & debt, Medicare, health care reimbursement
Finished tour and discussion Primary Health Care in Des Moines w  27 patients doctors medical residents about health care policy
NA
I urge all Americans to take to heart the warnings of 2014 on 10th anniversary of the Terror Comm report 5/5
According to WSJ, Terror Comm Chair Kean said “the sense of alarm surprised me. I have not heard this much concern since 9/11” 4/5
10 yrs ago Terror Comm feared Iraq wd become failed state New report says “that nightmare scenario may now becoming to pass.” 3/5
Terror Comm sees cybersecurity as major threat which govt needs 2 address 2/5
Terror Commission say 10 yrs after 1st report US faces more threats& public is complacent & doesn’t realize potential 4 danger 1/5
10yrs after the 9/11 commission reported members gathered for a review on status&threat of terrorism  Conclusion: worse than expected
Talk abt income inequality!!Obama'sFedReserve printing$$(creating asset bubble) causing the income inequality Assume Dems approve Heips 1%
Why not same outrage when Arabs kill Arabs OR ISIS militants killing Christians in Mosul as there is disapproval of Israel defending itself
Just ran 5K in Dike Iowa famous Watermellon Days celebration   "Dike,, a Slice of Iowa "
Dem Majority Leader says US Sen will debate the Democrats’ constitutional amendment to LIMIT FREE SPEECH when Senate returns in Sept. SCARY
Just had lunch at Joensys in CenterPoint Had famous tenderloin The Qs fr customers were mostly abt returning young migrants Control border!!
Senator Grassley received word of an Iowa-based non-profit scholarship organization that helps foster youth attend and afford college.  The Guardian Scholars Foundation works to identify young people who soon will age out of the foster care system and hope to receive a higher education.  This support is critically needed, as college attendance is often unachievable for foster youth, given the abrupt transition they face on aging out of the system.  Read more: 
Senator Grassley joined colleagues in introducing the Campus Accountability and Safety Act aimed at curbing sexual assault at colleges and universities.
Senator Grassley today joined colleagues in introducing bipartisan legislation that addresses sexual assaults on college and university campuses by protecting and empowering students and strengthening accountability and transparency for institutions, including penalties for non-compliance with the legislation’s new standards for training, data and best practices. Read more about the Campus Accountability and Safety Act here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-bipartisan-bill-boost-accountability-transparency-college-sexual-assault.
Senator Grassley and a bipartisan group of senators will hold a press conference this morning to announce the introduction of legislation aimed at curbing sexual assaults at colleges and universities. Read more in the Radio Iowa story below. Check back later today for updates from the press conference. 
The Associated Press explores the promise and price of Sovaldi, a new drug to treat Hepatitis C.  Senator Grassley and a fellow senator have asked the drug maker to explain materials that show the drug’s price originally was estimated to be much lower than it is on the market today.   Read the Associated Press story here:
The policy of financing child welfare programs including foster care is important.  Getting the most value from every dollar is critical when needs are so great.  Senator Grassley invites ideas and attendance at the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth Discussion on Child Welfare Financing Reform, Wednesday, July 30, 2014, 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Eastern, 325 Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, D.C.
Quite lucky.  Tonite there is actually history on the channel w that name.  Finally!!!
I just tried History Channel.   Hurry. It's showing WWI
I urge Iowa 40plus institutions of higher ed to read 2day WStJournal abt what Pres Daniel of Purdue is doing to get more bang for $$HELPKIDS
Parents Governors Boards of Trustees shld read 2days WStJournal article abt PresDaniels effort to make  PurdueU more$$$$ value education
Israel military protects civilians/seeks to not harm noncombatants On contrary Hamas uses civilians as human shields as they go4 Israelis
NA
Just at funeral of fmrStSenator 96yr28 yrs a legislator I servd w him Knew him as least partisan Democrat Ppl b4 Partty that's Berl Priebe
NA
Senator Grassley today met with Peyton Bayne of Garnavillo who is the Iowa winner of Tar Wars.  Tar Wars is a tobacco prevention program provided to 4th and 5th grade students by the American Academy of Family Physicians.  Peyton’s winning poster is pictured below, and more information about Tar Wars can be found here: http://www.iaafp.org/en/advocacy/tar_wars/.
Hamas=terrorist org 4 destruction of Israel. Israel defending against Unprovoked attacks/Israel hs right 2defend citizens& survival of State
If at first u don't succeed sky diving is not for u
Just heard at admin brief on border issue that HHS pays b/n $250 & $1000/day to house each undocumented border crosser. Seems ridiculous!
Fall internships are available in Senator Grassley’s office; the new application deadline is August 1. More information is available here:
2day SenateJudiciary will have hearing on Demo sponsored bill that wld strike practically all all state laws putting restrictionsON abortion
Considering the large drop in price of corn in last two weeks I expect corn price to go up considering autumn weather in Midwest this week
Listened 2 Charles Krauthammer speak to Senate interns 2day. Presentation was very good. My 1st time hearing him in person. Very impressed
U of Minn Stephen Parente study shows that in 10yrs there will be 40million uninsured under obamacare roughly 10% mote than today
Pres bush CIA director said"al Qaeda is on the verge of strategic defeat in Iraq"  At that time PresObama took command
When confronted w info fr any"computer model" any congressman should ask if the model is for cause of advocacy or search for truth
Fall semester internships are available in Senator Grassley’s office.  The application deadline is approaching fast.  Those interested shouldn’t miss the chance to learn about representative government first-hand.  More information is available here:
NA
Sen. Grassley outlines why poor federal government oversight of medical research dollars harms taxpayers as well as disease sufferers hoping for a cure.  Read more here. 
Senator Grassley was inducted into the Civil Air Patrol Legislative Squadron today by Col. Mike Mouw of the the Iowa Wing of the Civil Air Patrol.
Sen. Grassley believes those working to improve foster youth policy will be motivated and inspired by the story of a young woman who experienced the system her entire life and is sharing her story in the interest of helping others.  Read more about Amnoni Myers here.
Friends in Russell garage said stop in see them.  BTW when do u start Uber?
Happy Independence Day    Thank God for the enlightened ppl 239yrs ago who declared the establishment of an ExceptionalNation.
Just finished well established/attended Clear Lake 7/4th parade I walked w St Rep Linda Upmeyer One mile route but Two miles of participants
David Oman did very well substituting for jan Michaelson on WHO radio this morn
Senator Grassley wishes everyone a happy 4th of July!
Q&A w West Branch Lions Club 39 ppl Topics-Immigration, college loans, energy, farm bill, mental health, Obamacare, EPA regs
Q&A w 49 people Air Control Inc-Clinton Topics-Obamacare, SocialSecurity, TermLimits, taxes, ExIm Bank, ExecOrders, Gitmo prisoner release
Q&A w Mt Pleasant Noon Rotary 29 ppl Topics-Hwy bill, immigration, SCOTUS rulings, Welfare, confidence in govt, SGR
Muscatine Town Meeting 58 ppl Topics-immig, foreign aid, VA, EPA/coal, taxes, pipeline, navigable rivers, regs, common core, partisanship
NA
Columbus Junction Town Meeting 35 ppl Topics-SNAP, impeachment, VA, college loans, IRS, pipeline, UN Gun Treaty, NLRB
Q&A w Keosauqua Rotary Topics-Tax reform, estate tax, partisanship, term limits, min wage, keystone pipeline, Obamacare
Senator Grassley today toured Siemens USA in Ft. Madison and held a Q&A with employees. Employees asked questions about a variety of topics.  One of the topics was the wind production tax credit of which Grassley is the author.  Wind energy supports thousands of jobs and generates billions of dollars in investment across the country using a natural, non-polluting resource.
Traveling across Iowa for my county meetings I see tremendous damage done by wind and flooding  Tremendous downpours/dangerous driving
Q&A/tour w 200 employees Siemens in Fort Madison Topics-wind production tax credit, IRS/EPA regs, Iraq, VA, Obamacare, immig, welfare reform
Mediapolis town mtg 43 ppl Topics-flat tax, immigration, foster care, war powers, IRS, VA, Common Core, PLO, debt, Senate majority ldr
NA
Somebody tell bloomberg News that their format for "TopNews" is awful. I assume u r suppose to read it.
Almost 800 runners in 5K/half marathon at CedarFalls (SturgisFalls )celebration   I ran 5K
Kept invite to be in SturgisFalls parade very large crowds  SturgisFalls is original name for CedarFalls .Four day annual celebration
Tonite I spoke at celebration of completion of Conrad Iowa MainSt Revitalization project  StRep Pat Grassley also spoke Beautiful downtown
NA
There is history on the History Channel rite now  Tune in before they go to swamp man
NA
Fed govt needs better oversight of research money- worried about tax $ lost to fraud& too few held accountable
Senator Grassley met with several groups of Iowa students this week during their visits to Washington, D.C.  Grassley met with students from the Iowa Rural Electric Cooperatives’ Youth Tour, West Lyon High School FFA, Carlisle Middle School, East Sac County High School FFA, Denison Community High School FFA, and the National Youth Leadership Conference.
Members of the Carroll Area Development Corporation met with Senator Grassley Wednesday during their visit to Washington, D.C.  They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: clean water regulations, natural gas transmission, and the Rural Hospital Demonstration Program.
College-age Iowans interested in learning more about government should consider applying for an internship in Senator Grassley’s office.  Applications for the fall are due July 15. More information is available here:
Senator Grassley met today with the Iowa Jefferson Award winner, Jeremiah Anthony, of Iowa City.  Jeremiah was nominated by KCRG-TV9 and the Cedar Rapids Gazette for his work to combat cyber-bullying at his high school through social media. The Jefferson Awards Foundation, through a network of media partners, works to “identify and celebrate local unsung heroes who serve in communities across the country.”  More on the Jefferson Awards Foundation can be found here: http://www.jeffersonawards.org/index.html.
met veterans from Cass County honor flight at WWII Memorial Thanks for service Honor to meet these Patriots
Appreciate Sec Vilsack keeping AG frnt&ctr in trade talks w EU Must have substantive progress on ag B4 approved…TPA KEY to everything
Senator Grassley welcomed Eddye Vanderkwaak of Ankeny, a Jim Casey Young Fellow, who spoke at a roundtable sponsored by the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth and the Senate Caucus on Financial and Economic Literacy on Monday.  She described what worked and didn’t work for her while in foster care and what could be done to improve financial literacy for foster youth going forward.
NA
1/many needs of foster kids is help w managing $  Eddye Vanderkwaak-Ankeny& former foster youth spread word today inDC
Senator Grassley today welcomed an Iowan and others who shared their experiences during a Senate Caucus on Foster Youth and Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus Roundtable Discussion on Financial Literacy for Foster Youth.  This joint caucus event featured foster youth who shared their experiences as well as child welfare advocates and leaders from the financial services industry.  Eddye Vanderkwaak of Ankeny, Iowa, a Jim Casey Young Fellow, spoke about issues facing foster youth, highlighting what worked and didn’t work for her while in foster care, and what could be done to improve financial literacy for her peers.  Grassley is founder and co-chairman of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, which has a special focus on drawing on experiences from foster youth to improve the system.
Iraq today... Yes PresObama Osama ben Laden is dead But al Qaeda is no longer" on the run"
WhiteHouse reportsVPBiden on top of Iraq events in SutuationRoom I'm reminded that then SenatorBiden had a plan to split Iraq into 3 parts
LoisLerner of IRS will never be prosecuted by tHolder So I don't understand why they destroyed 2yrs of her emails abt nonprofit politicals
REALLY!!!The IRS says they lost 2yrs of her emails How convenient when IRS is under investigation for unconstitutional action agstConservtve
Senator Grassley met this morning with civic leaders from Council Bluffs during their visit to Washington, D.C. They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: levee accreditation and certification, the National Flood Insurance Program, wastewater processing, and the highway bill.
Thursday is Pres Geo H W Bush 90th birthday. Thank u for service as President and  especially for defending freedom as airman WWII
Sen. Grassley today introduced legislation to increase the amount of information students receive about federal student loans, including their potential ability to repay, before rather than after signing onto tens of thousands of dollars in debt to Uncle Sam.
Finally history on History Channel. Learn abt challenges facing Allies 2month after DDay
Five K race at "BeaverCreekDays" my hometown NewHartford  Time 37:17 Thanks to organizers who occasionally came around said "U doing well!"
Dday 70th anniversary is another opportunity to thank veterans and military today for sacrifice defending our America and freedoms/liberty
I was 10yrs old on Dday Never then appreciate soldiers sacrifice On TV today reminded of the sacrifice We owe so much to GreatestGeneration
NA
Sen. Grassley said today he welcomes the reported ongoing negotiations toward a bipartisan bill to increase timely health care for veterans and improve accountability at the federal Department of Veterans Affairs.  Read more here:
Senator Grassley has been named a 2013 Taxpayer Hero by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste with a score of 94% for his work to increase transparency, minimize waste and defend taxpayer interests. Read more about the Congressional rankings here: http://ccagw.org/media/press-releases/ccagw-releases-2013-congressional-ratings and view the entire list below. 
US manufacturing returning slowly. Chinese labor costs up We hv cheaper natural gas Incude shipping&inventory we compete Germans 2xUS nrg$$
Tour at Al Jon Ottumwa & Q&A w community leaders Topics-hwy funding, Econ development, energy policy, trade, EPA regs, FDA, ExIm banks
Bloomfield town meeting 13 ppl Topics- EPA regs, VA, Benghazi,govt waste,immig, Marine Mexican jail, RFS,guns, DoD cuts, TaxReform,pipeline
Q&A tour w 23 ppl Lee Container Centerville Topics-jobs, VA, Obamacare, farm bill, rural development, guns, 1st & 2nd amendments
Q&A tour w 44ppl RELCO Albia Topics-Obamacare,EducLoans,immig,VA, ExecOrders,GovBailouts, DefenseBudget,welfare,guns,whistleblowers,pipeline
Senator Grassley on the Veterans Affairs Secretary's resignation: “When problems in a department are widespread, the top leadership bears ultimate responsibility for the management shortcomings that let it happen.   But this can’t be the end of the story.  The problems will still be there after this resignation, and they need to be fixed.  Everyone in the department who was responsible should go.   The Senate should take up the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act that the House passed last week to help make that possible.   That legislation makes it easier to fire senior Veterans Affairs employees over poor performance.  I’m co-sponsoring the Senate companion bill.  Too often, a resignation at the top becomes an excuse for a president to abandon reforms and escape accountability.  This resignation doesn’t change anything.  It doesn’t give President Obama a free pass to move on.”
Pella Town Meeting 48 ppl Topics-VA, EITC, Obamacare, NCLB, debt, immigration, guns, federal reserve, term limits
NA
Chariton town meeting 26 ppl Topics-GMO labeling, immig, debt, Peace Corps, defense budget, VA, guns, EPA regs, Fast&Furious, Benghazi
NA
Q&A tour w89 ppl East Penn Manufact Corydon Topics-Obamacare,Crimea, VA, CleanWaterAct, guns, WelfareReform, SocialSecurity, immig, pipeline
Q&A w 37 students&teachers Central Decatur HS Topics-student aid, livestock disaster help, debt, Rural Dev, Afghanistan, Term Limits, guns
Q&A tour w 29 ppl at Miller Products Osceola Topics-debt,FEMA, Fast&Furious, FreeTrade,middle class, Obamacare, CorpTaxes, paying fair share
VA IG interim rpt shws widespread probs. Need to learn if delays led to prevntble deaths. When IG done, need hold people accountable
Mount Ayr Town Meeting 34 people Topics-Fast & Furious, Benghazi, pipeline, tort reform, Obamacare, guns, EPA regs, partisanship
Q&A tour w 26 ppl Creston Bean Processing Topics-Ukraine, waterways, trade, debt, partisanship, road funding
50 people at town meeting for Q&A in Atlantic.
Atlantic Town Meeting 53 ppl Topics-VA problems, Obamacare, Benghazi, Reid, Common Core, Marijuana
Greenfield TOwn meeting 51 people Topics-highways, immigration, voter ID, Syria, partisanship, EPA regs, guns, XL pipeline, debt
Q&A tour w 32 employees Grip-Tite Manufacturing in Winterset Topics- Obamacare, Social Security, partisanship, taxes, gun rights
Q&A with workers at Grip-Tite in Winterset.
NA
Every day we shld honor brave Americans who hv given their life to save freedoms we have But especially on Memorial Day  we owe al so much
Just attended DikeNewHartford graduation 60 graduated  one of them my youngest grddaughter CarrieGrassley She is UNI bound
Senator Grassley reminds us to honor and never forsake our fallen and living heroes who have sacrificed life and limb to defend the homeland, protect national security and fight for our values with valor and virtue. 
Russia China energy deal highlites importance of energy security&approving keystone XL pipeline
Russia/China Gas deal emphasizes impt USenergy independence 4 economy&natl security-need use resources God gave us+develop alternatives
Senator Grassley met with Susan Simmons an advocate for the Gold Star Wives of America today.  Senator Grassley is honored to have met with Susan and many other participants in the event.  Visit http://www.goldstarwives.org/ to learn more about the organization.
Even though their policy ideas are often opposite, Senator Grassley and the President’s top advisor ran in the same direction for a good cause yesterday at the ACLI Capital Challenge. Check out Senator Grassley with John Podesta before the race.
Thanks to Team Grassley.  Great job yesterday at the ACLI Capital Challenge road race.  The race benefitted the Fidelco Guide Dog Foundation which provides service dogs to blinded veterans.
Gr8 Honor Meetng gold star mothers advocate at USCapitol today Susan Simmons from Iowa City check Facebook for photo
Ran road race this AM at 3 mi. ACLI Capital Challenge benefits org that gives guide dogs to blind veterans check Facebook later 4 pics
NA
Senator Grassley continues to fight for fair consideration of renewable energy tax incentives.  Read more here:
NA
Another wkend UNI butiful campus Now MS Charity walkathon Diane Zabel of Sumner invited me She determine to walk w cane she told me BravoDI
NA
History in Senate tonite Congrats to Diane  Humetewa for become 1st Native American woman to be fed judge
NA
A Des Moines woman, determined to kick her drug addiction, found help from people who believed in her and became the “awesome mom” she wanted to be.  Senator Grassley recommends her inspiring story and thanks the many individuals who guided her transformation.  Read more here: 
NA
At UNI ROTC commissioning ceremony PresRuud was speaker. He was an army captain  His very good advice to new 2ndLt was from his own service
Just leaving commissioning ceremony of UNI ROTC 2nd Lt  beautifully quiet campus on gradu8ing day As I walk among older blding MANYMEMORIES
Obama should approve keystone for jobs in US- otherwise pipeline& jobs go to china
Senator Grassley is editing one of his speeches.
In a hearing today before the Senate Agriculture Committee, Senator Grassley urged the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture to use his authority to make changes to stop the abuse of the farm program which enables 10 percent of the wealthiest farmers to receive 70 percent of the benefit from the farm program.
Thx Christine&Lorib for coming to talk to me abt S865 I support this bill It's time to end breast cancer
NA
Looks like WH misleading American ppl AGAIN check my website to see Benghazi email on talking points from WHITE HOUSE
Congrats 2EmilyBrodie and UNI Dance Marathon for $176000 raise this year 4  UofI Children's Hospital Every Yr the $$get larger KeepUpGoodWk
CONTINUED delays by President w/approving Keystone XL=lost job opportunities for Americans. Irresponsible 2keep kicking CAN
The rescue of minors from forced prostitution in connection with this year’s Super Bowl provides an opportunity to learn how to protect minors from exploitation.  These minors include foster care youth who might flee a poor living arrangement and become exploited.  Three foster care youths were part of the FBI’s Super Bowl rescue.  Senator Grassley is working to protect foster youth and other minors. Read more here: 
Here's the Scoop!
Q&A w112 ppl at Nationwide Ins-Topics-national debt, nuclear option, government shutdown, Obamacare, Ukaine, Fast&Furious oversight
Q&A w 38 students/teachers at Newton HS Topics-termlimits, Ukraine, Tuition INCREASE, Borlaug, tort reform, TWITTER, Military cuts, RFS
I'm at the newton HS
Q&A w 104 students/teachers at Grinnell HS Topics-Partisanship, gay marriage, campaigns/finance, debt, Senate GOP control, filibusters
Good MTG & Q&A w approx 60 Americorps students/leaders/community members in Vinton-1 of 5 campuses in U.S.
SHOULD GOP win Senate, High on  our agenda in 2015 will be Keystone pipeline and more domestic energy
How can IRS gv bonuses 2 employees disciplined/not paying own taxes? More loss of public trust
Q&A w 85 PanoramaHS students-Panora Topics-Obamacare, partisanship, CollegeAid, MinWage, ExecOrders, FBI, approps, advice to 1st time voters
Audubon Town Hall Topics-email privacy, road funding, Benghazi, F&F, IRS, pipeline, biofuels tax credit, RFS, Rights of Parents
Here's the Scoop!
Harlan Town Hall 31 ppl Topics-Ukraine, PostOffice,Obamacare, GasTax,regs, SocialSecurity, Benghazi,ForeignAid, FlatTax, immig, debt,MinWage
Woodbine Town Hall 21 ppl Topics-trucker regs, Obamacare, FedReserve, bullets/FEMA, UN guns, Nevada&cattle, debt, immig, EPAregs, CommonCore
Q&A w 85 Saint Albert HS students-Council Bluffs Topics-college$$$, marijuana, Obamacare, FarmBill, SNAP, gov’t regs, Qs abt being a senator
Q&A w 100+ Glenwood HS students Topics-flag burning, voter ID, guns, debt, drug testing, CommonCore, GMO, OBamacare, marijuana, college cost
Hamburg Town Hall-Topics-Flood ins, hospital non-profit, flood control, endangered Species, taxes, EPA navigable river, Ukraine, HeadStart
Q&A w 83 Clarinda HS students 17 Qs Topics-NSA, deficit, whistleblowers, fiscal policies, process of Senate, how I got involved in politics
Red Oak HS Topics-GayMarriage, Marijuana, Abortion, Obamacare, SocialSecurity, Guns, MinWage, Ukraine, SNAP, EPA, religion in schools
Q&A w 95 Red Oak HS students-30 Qs Some topics in next TWEET
topics from Bedford-GayMarriage, jobs, MinimumWage,Ukraine, Marijuana, abortion, guns, FarmBill, Obamacare, immig, religion & schools, NSA
Q&A w 190 Bedford Middle/HS students-25 Qs. Some Topicsin next TWEET
Corning Town Hall (there’s SNOW!)-9 ppl-Topics-NCLB, farmers, IRS/Benghazi, IRS refunds, Common Core, partisanship, guns, VA problems
30ppl at Faith Wesleyan church men bfast. Some women too. Q&A  deficit executive orders foreign aid BLM/cattlemen guns freedomOFreligion
Senator Grassley met yesterday with civic leaders from Marshalltown during their visit to Washington, D.C. They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: voluntary independent certification programs, healthcare and education.
NA
NA
NA
Tour/Q&A w 55 employees at Osmundson mfg in Perry Topics: natl debt, immig, renewable fuels, food stamps, farm bill
Good mtg w ldrs of IA Homebuilders Assn Talked abt tax reform, EPA regs, Fannie/Freddie, home mortgage deduction
This week Senator Grassley met with civic leaders from the Dubuque area during their visit to Washington, D.C. They spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their community including: Opportunity Dubuque and workforce investment, healthcare policy, and historic and new market tax credits.
Praying 4 Fort Hood families
R&D tax credit helps companies innovate, create jobs Why not small biz too? My amendment passed in FINANCE Com will help
Biodiesel frm soybean, cooking oils REDUCES greenhouse gasses I helped to restore key tax incentive in FINANCEcom today
Wind energy =breath of FRESHair FinanceCom approves my amdnt 2extend tax incentives-help support jobs, manufacturing
NA
NA
Reagan's plan for peace was based on"the vital margin of safety"Not threat of war;a marginal advantage in negotiations Fear of our military
Congress shld take action to stop this administration from turning over control of Internet to foreign body so dictators can sensor there
We UNI panthers will pull for Iowa st Cyclones tonite agst UConn.  Really we want u all to win
Senator Grassley welcomed Dr. Daniel McClure of Washington, Iowa, as the Senate Guest Chaplain today as McClure opened the Senate with a morning prayer. McClure currently serves as the National Chaplain of the American Legion.  It’s customary for American Legion National Chaplains to serve as the Senate Guest Chaplain during the organization’s annual conference in Washington, D.C. Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=48923
Senator Grassley says this news story about the need for children’s advocates in Northwest Iowa is a good reminder of the ongoing need for these volunteers all over Iowa and the United States. According to the experts, “the Court Appointed Special Advocate Program recruits, trains and supports community volunteers to serve as an effective voice in court for abused and neglected children, strengthening efforts to ensure that each child is living in a safe, permanent and nurturing home.” These advocates make a big difference for kids in the foster care system, and Senator Grassley appreciates their invaluable service. Read more at www.CASAIowa.org or http://tinyurl.com/ydtr527
Dr. Norman Borlaug’s statue joins the statue of Samuel Kirkwood as Iowa’s honorees to the National Statuary Hall Collection.  Click the link below to find out more about Borlaug’s statue and visit http://www.aoc.gov/capitol-hill/national-statuary-hall-collection/about-national-statuary-hall-collection for more information on the National Statuary Hall Collection.
Norm Borlaug statue unveiled in US Capitol today Fitting tribute 2 man who saved 1B ppl frm famine on 100th anniv of his birth, natl ag day
Senator Grassley spoke about Dr. Norman Borlaug’s legacy today at the unveiling ceremony of Borlaug’s statue in the National Statuary Hall Collection. Read Grassley’s remarks here: 
The statue of Dr. Norman Borlaug was unveiled at the U.S. Capitol today, joining 99 other distinguished honorees from each of the states in the National Statuary Hall Collection. Borlaug is known as the Father of the Green Revolution and he is credited with saving more than 1 billion people from starvation. Today also marks the 100th anniversary of Borlaug’s birth as well as National Ag Day. Learn more about Borlaug and his work at www.worldfoodprize.org.
Turks have been tweeting 17000 times a minute since the govt tried shutdown tweeting The PrimeMinister shld learn TWITTER WINS
Twitter in Turkey is winning  The govt attempts to shut down Users tap private servers out-of-country to circumvent blackout TWITTER wins
The unveiling of a new statue in the National Statuary Hall Collection of one of the greatest humanitarians and scientists will highlight two days of events to honor Iowan Norman Borlaug, the Iowa congressional delegation said today.  The statue unveiling is on Tuesday, March 25, at 11 a.m. (ET). Read more:  http://tinyurl.com/mlyrbrf
After Q&A in 16 counties this week, I'm headed to gun show at Hawkeye Downs
Drove on hwy where Fred&I hit a deer.  No deer this time.
Q&A w Dyersville Noon Lions Club 34 ppl Topics-PlannedParenthood funding, Agent Orange-Vietnam vets, Obamacare, TaxExtenders, RFS, IRAs, IRS
SenUdall &I led letter frm 26 senators 2 committee ldrs abt extending job-creating wind energy tax incentives Read at http://t.co/qoyYav4wqo
Q&A-Delaware Cty FarmBureau Manchester 28 ppl Topics-COOL, trade, CAegg law, taxes, lock&Dam, RFS, GMO, Keystone,Obamacare, EPAregs, MinWage
Appreciate Maquoketa School Supt stop by town hall this a.m. Said thx 4 work by Mimi in my office 2 get students out of Kenya last summer
Maquoketa Town Hall-29 ppl-Topics-foreign aid, IRAs, Ukraine, Exec Orders, Benghazi, ATF, Min Wage, GasTax, Keystone, Farm Bill, Obamacare
Q&A w Le Claire Lyons Club 36 ppl Topics-SocialSecurity, Medicare,NSA, Obamacare, term limits, Ukraine, Syria, Keystone, IRS, med marijuana
Senator Grassley swung by Antique Archeology in LeClaire yesterday.  He was checking out the “history” that they show on the American Pickers TV show.  Here’s what he Tweeted after the visit:  “Saw store w my own eyes. American Pickers/Antique Archeology on History Channel has HISTORY. Gr8 to see entrepreneurial Iowans”
TheFix lists. 1st tweets-just like 'Attending events in Iowa' in 07 I'm holding mtgs in Iowa 2day
Saw store w my own eyes. American Pickers/Antique Archeology on History Channel has HISTORY. Gr8 to see entrepreneurial Iowans
Q&A w Kalona Coop Telephone Co-30 ppl Topics-taxing credit unions, tort reform, Obamacare, SOPA, MinWage, Internet, Keystone Pipeline, FEMA
Tour/Q&A, Sigourney Tractor Co. 49 ppl Topics-RFS, CA egg law, Tax Extenders, Internet, Ukraine, Keystone Pipeline, Military$$, Farm Bill
Tour/Q&A w 34 ppl, Clow Valve Co.-Oskaloosa  Topics-Ukraine, ExecOrders, transportation, immig, Keystone, GasPrices, FarmBill, partisanship
Visiting History Channel American Pickers store in LeClaire tomorrow. Look forward 2 seeing some history
Q&A-North Corridor Rotary-Coralville-28 ppl-Keystone,ClimateChange, Syria,Ukraine, DoDcuts, energy, congressgridlock, NSA, propane, veterans
It’s Sunshine Week-transparency in Fed courts wld help understanding of 3rd branch of govt-time 2 pass my sunshine in courtroom bill
Iowa Valley HS-Marengo-91 ppl-Topics-partisanship, GunControl,NSA, Gas $$, energy, gay rights,deficit, Obamacare,marijuana, MinWage, Ukraine
Prayers 2 Pat McCaffrey and family UIowa Coach McCaffrey with son this AM then heading to OH 2 coach a Hawkeye win=best medicine 4 Pat
Q&A w South Tama HS-74ppl-Topics-being a Senator, partisanship, govt shutdown, immigration, NCLB, MinWage, work w Pres Obama, gay marriage
The Library of Congress offers teachers, school librarians, home school educators and parents across the country free access to more than 19 million primary sources.  From poetry and literature; sports, recreation and leisure; or government, law and politics, the Library of Congress chronicles America’s treasures of creativity, knowledge and history from A to Z.  Read more:
It's Sunshine Week-Whistleblowers key to sunshine-Pres should hv Rose Garden ceremony 2 honor
If it is rerun tune to CSPAN SCt Justice Kagan discussion w Geotown LawDean abt workings of the court.  Very informative how she decide/writ
Cresco town mtg. 46 ppl Topics-FarmBill, Rx drugs, Borlaug statue, broadband, KeystonePipeline, Ukraine, jobs, Obamacare, CommonCore, energy
South Winneshiek HS in Calmar, 99 ppl Topics-Ukraine, Farm Bill, marijuana, budget-deficit, Pell Grants, internet regs, Obamacare
Oelwein Rotary-36ppl. Topics-Ukraine, Govt Dysfunction, Farm Bill, EPA Regs, Marijuana, Common CORE, Obamacare
MFL MarMac HS in Monona-44ppl-Topics-Ukraine, why become a Senator, college $$$, Obamacare, MinWage, ethics, IRS, Marijuana, gun control
It's Sunshine Week-sunshine is best disinfectant 2 root out waste fraud abuse of taxpayer$$$
Waukon HS-56ppl-?s about work as a Senator.  What's difficult? What's good? 1 issue ? about religion in schools
Take 2 The Pope in first yr is challenging all of us including us Baptists
In his first 370 days this Pope has focus attention our disregard for oldster,endless consumerism,throwaway culture&disrespect for unborn
Crimean referendum today after Georgia in 2008 means the Iron Curtain is coming down slowly between free world and Czar Putin Russia
National Sunshine Week starts Sunday.  Senator Grassley says it’s a time to salute efforts to hold federal government accountable to the taxpaying public, making its policymaking transparent to the people because the federal bureaucracy too often circles the wagons and erects a stone wall to bypass transparency and accountability.  Here’s more:
Sen. Chuck Grassley, co-chairman of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, welcomes three more senators to the caucus:  Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), James Inhofe (R-Okla.).  Six new members have joined this month, strengthening the focus on public policy to help foster youth.  Read more here:  
I'm enjoying @theNRC railroad dinner  I will hv opportunity to speak shortly to Shortline RR ppl
The U.S. Senate has given unanimous approval to a bipartisan amendment co-authored by Senator Chuck Grassley that would help to get children in the foster care system enrolled in available child care programs as quickly as possible by making them eligible for a paperwork grace period. Read more here:
"Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, praised the inspector general’s decision. Last year, Grassley encouraged the inspector general to cut Small Smiles out of the Medicaid program after a yearlong investigation by his staff. " Read the full story here:
Senator Grassley is praising the Department of Education’s response to a call from a bipartisan group of senators to reach out to foster youth about available college aid and other resources that could help them succeed.  Foster youth rarely graduate from college, but help is available.  Read more below and visit http://www.studentaid.gov/foster:
A decision by the Inspector General for the Department of Health and Human Services to disqualify a dental management company from the Medicaid program is a victory for accountability, Senator Grassley says.  More here: 
Wall Street must pay taxpayers $614 million in latest case thx to 1986 Grassley whistleblower law recovering 10s of billions $ since passage
Iowa girl tourney bb Class 4A 57/54 Harlan over Western Dubuque
Jackie Kalin bb player for SiouxCityNorth&UNI MissouriValley all conf was inducted into Iowa girls Hall of Fame tonite at StTourney
Iowa girls bb tourney class 3A MOC/FloydValley ovr UnityChristian 63/57. Both schools are in OrangeCITY for celebration Sunday
Iowa girls bb tourney class 2A Western Christian ovr Hudson by abt 25 pts  I'm going to hotel and  come back tomorrow
I'm attending Iowa girls bb tourney for 35th consecutive yr. class1A won by Burlington  NotreDame 57/54 ovr NewellFonda
Senator Grassley met this week with the Iowans in Washington with the Quad Cities Chamber of Commerce.  The group discussed projects and policy issues including the I-74 bridge, the Rock Island Arsenal, advanced manufacturing in the area, flood insurance reform, and EPA clean air ozone regulations.
An honor to welcome 50-60 new U.S. citizens today. All looked proud to take the oath of citizenship & the responsibilities that come w/ it
NA
Senator Grassley today worked to build bipartisan support for the Military Justice Improvement Act for sexual assault victims in advance of a key vote.  The act is designed to empower victims to come forward by taking the judicial process for sexual assault cases outside the chain of command.  The vote of 55 to 45 by senators defeated the bill on a procedural motion that required three-fifths of the votes for passage.  Still, the outcome and debate elevated the profile of the issue amid strong views on taking on the Pentagon establishment.   Below is the video of remarks made today by Grassley during Senate debate.  You can also read a recent opinion column in The Des Moines Register here: http://tinyurl.com/mptmnfk and a recent story about the leadership of Air Force Lt. General Michelle Johnson, an Iowan, in combating sexual assault in the military here: http://tinyurl.com/mzc7l93. 
Dashun Jackson and Jen Hope met with Capitol Hill staff today to share their foster care experiences and discuss the overprescribing of anti-psychotic drugs in foster youth.  Senator Grassley works to protect foster youth and improve the services available to them.  Here’s a news story featuring Dashun and Jen, describing just one of the challenges foster youth face:  
Senator Grassley discusses the need for fiscal discipline and accountability for the way tax dollars are spent in this Q&A.
Peace in Ukraine Let's hope. America needs to stand w ppl who r supporting freedom and democracy. PresObama as our leader should so speak
Summer internships are available in Senator Grassley’s office for college-aged Iowans. Applications are due March 15th. 
SecySebilius take note 19Dems/21Reps letter to CMS decrying ObamaCare cuts in MedicareAdvantage  It will hurt 30% of seniors Why hurt them?
Tour & Q&A w employees, Pepsi in Mason City Topics-taxes, GMOs, partisanship, Social Security, ethanol, Keystone pipeline
Read about the Keystone XL pipeline in Senator Grassley's Q&A. 
Osage HS, Q&A w. 180 students Topics-education, Obamacare, partisanship, climate change, min wage, gay marriage, food stamps, FarmBill, debt
Hampton Rotary Q&A-26 ppl Topics-Judiciary Committee work, executive orders, taxing credit unions, overregulation, Obamacare, EPA, Farm Bill
Fort Dodge HS student career day Spoke 2 and answered Qs from students interested in govt & politics. Participated w local officials
Titan Machinery in Williams-Q&A w 32 ppl Topics-Deficit, FarmBill, unemployment,Obamacare,CommonCore, ExecOrders, partisanship, MinWage, RFS
Northwood Q&A-26 ppl. Topics-DefenseAuth, executive orders, filibuster, CitizensUnited, FarmBill, ethanol, debt, marijuana, fracking, immig
Stellar Industries, Garner, Tour/Q&A-57 ppl.Topics-highways, EPA, KeystonePipeline, Benghazi, Obamacare, immig, MinWage, NSA, debt, FarmBill
Q&A w/ 73 clients, employees&public at Exceptional Opportunities in Burt-Topics-ADA reassessment, unemployment,regulation overload, Medicaid
Forest City Rotary Q&A-76 people Topics-DebtCeiling, energizing young ppl 2 pay attn 2 govt, Syria, ethanol, CyberAttacks, FarmBill, propane
Eagle Grove HS-34 students/teachers-Topics-marijuana, Obamacare, immigration, Debt Limit, Farm Bill, Iran, Keystone XL pipeline
Just like all the schools that canceled today I canceled my three county meetings in Oelwein South winneshiek HS Cresco. I will reschedule
After wrestling meet I saw UNI women give Wichita St their first Conf loss  80/71
UNI wrestlers remain undefeated beat Purdue 24/12. My friend Joey at 141 lost his first dual this season 13/9  4th ranked team UNI beat'14
PresObama indecisiveness on Keystone Pipeline is delaying jobs About 20000 to be exact He says he wants jobs Just decide
It's illegal 4 banks 2 deal w proceeds frm marijuana sales Obama admin can't change law w memo. DOJ memo tries 2 facilitate illegal activity
UNI women beat Missouri St 79/60.
Tax filing help is available to many taxpayers through the IRS Free File program.  Senator Grassley explains here: http://tinyurl.com/kmqcsxx
Does the Pres really want TradePromotionAuthority If he does he needs to assureSpeakerBoehner that Reid will take it up in Senate Obama push
Every American shld get relief from obamacare not just Big business  PresObama should be equally fair to individuals
Senator Grassley and Senator Cantwell explain why a reduction in the Renewable Fuels Standard, as proposed, would hurt biofuels production and in turn, jobs and alternative energy growth.  Their op-ed in The Hill newspaper is available here:  https://tinyurl.com/opn4xlb
While at state Capitol I was invited to address Senate Caucus.  I enjoyed Q&A w those state Senators
Wash DC shut down bc blizzard I got out last nite Came to DesMoines   Visiting Iowa House where grandson Pat serves
UNI wrestlers ranked 4th nationally. Pretty darn proud
UNI wrestlers beat Iowa St 24/13.  Joey remains a winner
Senator Grassley is working to reform the way the U.S. military handles sexual assault, calling for an independent military justice system and reiterating his support for the Military Justice Improvement Act, which is up for a Senate vote next week.
Senator Grassley advanced amendments in committee this year that would improve justice for victims of sexual violence.  Grassley's amendments would establish a five-year mandatory minimum sentencing standard for crimes of aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse and sexual abuse of a minor or ward; set a mandatory minimum sentence of five years for murders caused in the commission of certain sex offenses; and create a ten-year mandatory minimum sentence for a conviction of interstate domestic violence in which death occurs. 
4 UNIfan Twitter followers-My sister Bunny-age 91-was at my side. Faithful backer of UNI athl. for 30 years. She passed Monday-I’ll miss her
Foster youth of all ages are waiting to find their forever family but need an advocate in the meantime.  Thank you to CASA for finding a diverse group of volunteers:  http://casaforchildren.wordpress.com/.
SexualAssault scourge in Military-US Senate shld act 4 US troops. Military Justice Improvement Act=needed reform
As co-chair of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, Senator Grassley would like to thank all who work for foster care advocacy.  Grassley also wants to share helpful resources.  A special thanks to Lynn Tonini for the website devoted to foster youth and providing resources to those who may age out: http://agingoutinstitute.com/.  More to come.  
The Iowa City/North Liberty/Coralville Chamber of Commerce delegation met with Senator Grassley in Washington, D.C.  The group spoke with Grassley about a variety of topics affecting their communities including flood mitigation, infrastructure funding, and transportation.
UNI wrestlers remain undefeated  I saw them beat SoDakSt 29/12.jJoey at133 remains undefeated too
Since PresObama is in hurry to use his pen I urge him to use it to get keystone pipeline constructed thus creating 20000 jobs
Thx Ben Owen for invite to UNI piano recital tonight Bach Beethoven Gershwin +2of his own arrangements Gr8 performance 1of2
Half time Uni Illinois st tied Volleyball
2of2 Ben Owen UNI piano recital  he thanks lots of ppl. But first thx "to his Heavenly Father" That tells u abt his fine characterProudFamly
This week negotiations on the farm and nutrition bill came to a close.  After two years, the House of Representatives passed the bill on Wednesday by a vote of 251 to 166.  In a weekly video address, Senator Grassley explains why he will vote against it when the bill comes up for a vote in the Senate.   
Sen Reid sinks Obama effort for trade promotion. State of union positive on tpa. PresObama needs 2 step up & demand Reid move tpa.
Today is the last day for public comment on the Renewable Fuel Standard proposal at epa.gov.  Senator Grassley led an effort of 31 U.S. senators who commented here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/issues/upload/Grassley-Durbin-Letter-to-EPA-RFS-1-22-14.PDF
Last day 4 comment on Renewable Fuel Standard proposal at http://t.co/JKhJoA6gQy-Tell EPA-Bad idea to reduce ethanol use/31 senators agree
UNI women beard Bradley by 15 pts
The U.S. Military Academy, West Point, N.Y.; the U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis, Md.; the U.S. Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colo.; the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, N.Y.; and, the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, New London, Conn educate and train the nation’s next generation of military leaders.  Here’s information for interested Iowa students.
West Marshall HS-Q&A w 91 students/teachers-defense, farm bill, propane, Snowden, death penalty, EPA regs, NSA, marijuana, immigration
Nevada HS Q&A-108 students/teachers Topics: student loans, marijuana, NSA, term limits, foster care, guns, ethanol, Syria, MinWage, Olympics
Tour/Q&A w 38 people-Rolfe’s at Boone-Topics: FarmBill, Fast&Furious, health ins, tax-free health benefits, trade, Immig, Military Retirees
Propane prices Major burden 4 Iowans heating homes-why? I asked FTC to oversee market
Tour & Q&A w 42 employees-Lorenz & Jones marine dist-Ankeny-Topics: Obamacare, President/Constitution, partisanship, national debt, highways
WashPost’s Chris Cillizza spells out why Iowa rules: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/01/23/why-iowa-rules-in-10-steps/
Senator Grassley joined a bipartisan group of Senators in sending a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy urging the agency to make changes to its proposed reduction in the Renewable Fuel Standard. More information and a copy of the letter can be found here: 
Senator Grassley is attending Hearing in the Heartland: Supporting the Renewable Fuel Standard, hosted by Gov. Branstad and Lt. Gov. Reynolds, today to continue his support of the RFS. Read his remarks here: 
Big Oil wins if EPA doesn't change proposed RFS-ethanol rule.  Public hearing today in DSM. I'll b there at 3pm w Gov Branstad
Met w/ employees-Health Enterprises-Cedar Rapids-Saw how bulk buying helps co-op save $$ 4 hospitals&give patients cost effective hlth care
Important commitment of Pro-Life community on strong display w/March 2day in Wash DC
UNI open forum on whistleblower protection and accountability  I gave paper and did Q&A  abt 49 in attendance
Went back to my university UNI  to do Q&A w Iowa Politics class for Prof Larimer  hopefully I supplement textbook w real world of govt
CedarRapids Tour&Q&A at TrueNorthCo Issues:Obamacare Deadlock in Congress Transportation/gasTax NatlDebt US asWorldPower
Independence rotary club 36members Issues:FarmBill FloodInsurance Hospitals OilPipeline Gridlock FEDchr SosSec Vilsack Unemployment
Terex Co Waverly Mfg giant cranes Tour and Q&A Discussion centered on DODContracting HighwayBill
Senator Grassley continues his 99-county tour. Yesterday he held meeting #5 in Grundy County. Read more in the Marshalltown Times-Republican.
RitchieMfg inConrad Tour&meet w 26employees Issues:FarmBill FoodStamps Ethanol Unemployment MedMarijuana NoKirea Obamacare SenateRaces
Ackley ChamberOfCom host 36ppl Issues: RFS/EPA Why xport oil DODcuts Olympics/terrorists EarlyChildEd Obamacare Medicare GamblingOnLine
ClarksvilleHS govt 30students Issues:Syria NSA Obamacare GovChristie MyPolCareer&why I chose it Division time between DC&iowa Obama&me
UNmen beat Missouri St 94/89
Read Washington Post op ed by KathleenParker War on poverty Wed 1/15/14. Very good !!
Senator Grassley says that bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority legislation requires strict transparency and reporting requirements, including consultations with Congress and beefed up congressional oversight during trade negotiations, and that TPA tells our trading partners that America means business and leads to new markets for U.S. exports.
Senator Grassley encourages Iowans to show their support for the Renewable Fuel Standard.  The public comment period on the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed rule change ends on January 28.  To voice a concern, visit EPA.gov and leave a comment. 
CongressBudgetOffice gave new cost estimate of my farm payment reforms with GAO info, now SAVES $387 M over 10 years-Increase of $210M
GovChristy fired ppl who shutdown bridge Why isn't the press paying same attention to no StateDept ppl fired responsible for Benghazi
PresObsms wants exports GOOD He wants TradePromotionAuthority GOOD BUT as SenHatch said today neither will happen if PresO isn't engagedDoIt
PresObama promised in RepCaucus lastMarch that he'd decide Keystone pipeline in 2013. That promise like"if u like your health insurance,,,"
UNI men ovr drake 76/66
UNI men ovr drake 38/34 half
I saw UNI panthers beat Evansville women 64/56
Senator Grassley says the Fed Chair should be focused on a strong dollar and low inflation.
Poverty is a moving target.Officially15% BUT 31% for 2months ONLY 3.5% for 3yrs Fact: great deal of mobility we ignore w simple15% statistic
GAO rpt says that too many people per farm are qualifying for paymentsbased on unverifiable management only-instead of actually farming 2/2
GAO Rpt says a majority of 5000 public comments on defining a farmer say that a more rigorous definition is needed of who a farmer is 1/2
ObamaAdm issues natl guidelines on suspension fr school to discourage its use Does that include kindergarten boy who hugged girl classmate?
Obama Adm issues natl guideline on suspension fr school to discourage its use  Does that apply to 3rd grade kid suspended4 havin paper gun?
Farms w/ 16 mgrs seem 2 want mgmt likeCongress Makes no sense 2 me. Extra mgrs r only 2 exploit taxpayers Key 2 keep my reforms in FarmBill
Word isReforms saving taxpayer $ & approved by 75% ofSenate, 54% ofHouse are holding up FarmBill. Why undo text Congress actually agrees on?
Farm Bill $250K Paymt limit allows big farms to get 5x US Median Household income in subsidies/yr. Some want more-How’s 250K unreasonable?
Just read inGazette that UofIowa pres Sally Mason opposes academic and cultural boycott of Israel  Thanks madam Pres   U r right
I forgot to report on my 3rd event of last Fri A large crowd turned to congrat FriendshipHaven in Fort Dodge on $38m addition  &quality care
To close loopholes in FarmBill for food stamps & leave open loopholes for the biggest farmers to exploit taxpayers=wrong way to do business
Why would PresObama want hurt the CatholicOrder Little Sisters of the Poor He let corporation off the hook on their obamacare tax Be Fair
Why would PresObama want to hurt LittleSisters of the Poor by making them pay obamacare tax bc they practice their faith  Sisters do GOOD
Non farming “managers” are exploiting farm program meant for small/medium-sized farms. 100s of millions of taxpayer $$$ going to non-farmers
Toured Mitas Tire in Charles City, Q&A with 20 employees Qs-Military spending, cost of living, CRP, infrastructure $$, US-China relations
99 county mtgs-Nashua-Plainfield school-280 students Qs: Deficit Obamacare Guns SocSec Marijuana Tuition Gay marriage DuckDynasty FarmBill
GAO says Legislative language in the Senate passed farm bill would be good fix for actively engaged  Why r some trying to take out? 2of2
Current actively engaged law to keep non farmers from getting farm payments isn’t working. Nonpartisan GAO says changes must be made1/2
"actively engaged" loophole that is closed in HouseSenate FarmBills will save $172m every yr according to nonpartisan GAO Keep Grassley bill
How does 1farm need 16managers?Somebody has to b decisionMaker+labor=2 Taxpayers taken for$172m ride  SO keep Grassley amend in farm bill
I saw UNI men beat Bradley 80/46
Actively engaged loophole sends $52M to Mississippi Senate&house farm bills end loophole, but some still want to allow
If "progressivism " is so relative today why are we still debating obamacare after 4Yrs?
Q for conservatives in 2014 " How can we make LIBERTY real to people?"
Lifting cost-saving subsidy caps&reopening actively engaged loophole likely loses needed votes for passing farm bill
Minority of Congress who voted against payment limits/actively engaged reform want to take out of farm bill Just say no.
Enjoyd bfast at 7am w MikeFinley  author of"FINANCIAL HAPPINE$$" at VillageInn CedrFalls  Read to find out  ur personal $$ well being
Farm bill conferees shld know if same provisions R N both House &Senate bills, it shldn’t B touched-like actively engaged DO NOT TOUCH STAMP
I just saw UNI panthers best Iona Gaels 90/78
DidUKno:when Obama talks abt income inequality he never cites CBO study Oct2011 that showed all income quintiles had real gains in income
DidUKno:When Obama talks abt income inequality his statistics don't include transfer payments foodstamps EITC employer provided healthInsure
Need to thank SenDemocrats who pressured Obama to partly suspend the individual mandate bc Obama repeals obamacare effectively
Sen. Grassley says continued investment in wind-energy production emphasizes the value and success of the federal production tax credit, which he authored.  Read here:
Jordan @NevadaAppellate Thanks for keeping me informed abt 9th Circuit
Senator Grassley lays out concerns about accountability with the Internal Revenue Service and challenges that face the agency’s next Commissioner in a Q&A. Read more here:
Senator Grassley continues his effort to hold the Pentagon accountable for the money it spends to uphold the nation’s common defense.  Protecting the taxpaying public and providing for the nation’s common defense are not mutually exclusive, he says.
Senator Grassley is working for sensible reforms in the annual defense bill that would protect the taxpaying public, support the troops and help get the U.S. military get off to a good start in the New Year.
UNI women beat stLouisU 74///65
Congress has much to accomplish in the next few weeks. Senator Grassley reviews this unfinished business in the Cedar Rapids Gazette.
With a $17 trillion national debt, it doesn’t make sense to turn a blind eye to loopholes in the farm program being exploited by millionaires.  In an op-ed for Politico, Senator Grassley explains the $170 million in farm program payments going to people who have little or nothing to do with a farming operation.  Read it here:
Senator Grassley debunks Big Oil’s attack on ethanol in The Des Moines Register. Read here:
RIP Nelson Mandela. Thankful he lived good life after 27 yrs in prison. Freed his country from apartheid, led his country, inspired world
Tour, Q&A 95 Cottingham&Butler employees-DBQ Topics: budget, partisanship, nuclear option, Bitcoin, farm bill, Obamacare, executive orders
Tour, Q&A w 65 Flexsteel employees in Dubuque Topics: Social Security, Welfare, vouchers, Benghazi, gov shutdown, farm bill, taxes, min wage
UNI wrestlers beat Wisconsin U 29/9. Cong Jordons son got a pin to end match for Wisconsin
CongJordan of Ohio is in CedarFalls Iowa to c his son Isaac of Wisconsin wrestle UNI   Welcome to top wrestling state of 50
Privilege to present WWII veteran medals awarded for battlefield bravery to Clifford SAMS of Beaman Iowa  ceremony at Conrad AmLegion 92yrs
Prolific
Just did DVD 42,abt Jackie Robinson  first AfricanAmerican major leaguer  He suffered much humiliation blazing trail Branch Rickey"THANKS"
Obamacare implementation is attempt at big govt Utopianism-IT doesn't work/
Congratulations to @PatGrassley for named to"The20 Under 40 class I 2013"  Sponsored by WaterlooCourier for leader of CedarValley
Lots to b thankful for on thanksgiving day. Just like pilgrim in 1621 for Freedom and good meal  31were at our farm table Meal by MrsG
Read EJ Dionne Jr Washington Post excellent op ed today"What gratitude requires"  It what thanksgiving is all abt  Do before this day ends
Senator Grassley wishes everyone a very happy Thanksgiving.   In his weekly video address, he encouraged all of us, as we come together to celebrate with our friends and families this holiday season, to take the time to reflect on our blessings and give thanks.
Tour & Q&A w 63 emp at Transamerica Cedar Rapids Topics: Obamacare, BalanceBudget Farm bill, RFS, tax, DC, Filibuster SCOTUS, Immig, Iran
Good Q&A w. 28 Interntnl IA Traders Topics: Amb Tour, FCPA, wind energy, Obamacare, Tax, immig, EPA, foreign policy, Amtrak
Tour/Q&A, ESP International in Cedar Rapids, 55 employees Tax reform, budget, filibuster, immig, farm bill, sequester
I saw UofIowa beat U of NoIowa women by abt 9 pts
UNI.                        Loyola.   UNI wins 3/2
UNI wins ovr Bradley in volleyball 3/2
UNI volleyball tied 1/1 w Bradley
Senator Grassley today released a report showing that the Department of Defense’s flagship accounting agency, the Defense Finance and Accounting Service, likely did not earn clean opinions on its own financial statements despite claims to the contrary, putting the Secretary of Defense’s audit readiness initiative in jeopardy.  The report also says that the Inspector General appears to have buckled under pressure from the auditing agency when it attempted to conduct oversight of the troubled agency’s financial statements.  The press release and the report can be found here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47565.  
 
 Click here to read a news story written by McClatchy reporters Jim Rosen and Marisa Taylor about my report and the problems within the Defense Finance and Accounting Service: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/2013/11/22/209356/pentagons-bosses-thwart-accurate.html
Check out my new rpt on DoD audit http://t.co/UGgC2FEPJh Also read McClatchy story on my report & audit/IG integrity-$ probs
CMS annc last NIGHT means premium rate hikes next yr due 2 Obamacare will b hidden til after 2014 election- rates shld be public b4 election
Senator Grassley discusses congressional oversight of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act – read more here:
NA
NA
Senator Grassley spoke on the Senate floor today in support of the Military Justice Improvement Act. You can watch the speech below, or click here to read the text: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47527
I was at Cong Gold Medal ceremony to honor Native American codetalkers Gr8 tribute 2 their work WWI&WWII Espec proud of Iowa Meskwaki tribe
Senator Grassley continues to work for passage of military justice reform for sexual assault cases.   Senators are expected to vote this week on the Military Justice Improvement Act, which works to eliminate potential bias and make victims more comfortable in coming forward.  Read more here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47519
Senator Grassley reveals the distortions and untruths used by ethanol critics in a relentless campaign that undermines America’s longstanding efforts to diversify its energy landscape, fuel the economy and strengthen national security.  The efforts to smear ethanol’s reputation ignore the renewable fuel’s valuable contributions to clean energy, rural development, job creation and U.S. energy independence.
Bettendorf ovr Dowling to b Class 5A state champion volleyball 3/1
Now in volleyball tourney Bettendorf 2/1 ovr Dowling
Finals of Clas 5A St Volleyball tourney Game 1 Bettendorf over Dowling 27/25       Gr8 being hear w Iowans.  Casual talk involved Obamacare
PresObama gave 54speeches to get healthReform enacted. He will hv give more speeches to save. Pls no speeches!Work w congress
Senator Grassley spoke on the Senator floor today on the failures of the health care reform effort, saying, “What the President sold the American people was a gift-wrapped bag of Washington's hot air.” Watch Senator Grassley’s full speech below, or read it here: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47469
Sen. Grassley today joined Robert White of Ames to raise awareness about the importance of adoption during National Adoption Month at an event honoring adoptive families nationwide.  Robert and his wife, Sharon, have been long-time advocates for adoption.
#MJIA needed 4 DOD women serving nation/freedom– bill wld protect Their rights, access 2 justice Sen shld passSenGillibrand reform
Obamacare: Rates continue 2 rise despite Obamacare-Law does not address underlying cost of health ins
Biggest env disaster in Gulf of Mex belongs 2 Big Oil – not farmers #APfactcheck
Obamacare: Oct 2013 Consumer Reports even said to stay away frm http://t.co/zjL1JDc6xw while the mess is cleaned up
Total corn cropland going down: 2013 corn acres = 97 M 1930s = 103 M- New corn acres from switching crop switch not new acres #APfactcheck
No wetlands R filled bc Ethanol -  Wetlands Reserve Prog hd RECORD 2.65 M acres 2012 WRP lands Can't B Farmed for 30 yrs #APfactcheck
Remember all the ppl who hv sacrificed to defend our freedoms&liberties  say "thanks" to Veterans on this VeteransDay. We owe them so much
Watch CSPAN Newsmakers Sun at 9 am or 5 pm (in Iowa) I intrvwd by 2 journalists 1 from wsj & 1 from Wash Examiner+host fr CSPAN
I left UNI/Youngstown FB at 3rd qtr to c my granddaughter in a lead role"Annie"of Dike/NewHartford but UNI won22/20
Sorry I forgot to report. I saw So Illinois beat u of No Iowa inVB 3/1 last nite and 1hr ago MinnU beat UNI in Women Bb Now UNI/YoungtownFB
Spoke 2 BILD Christian missionary grp in Ames 20 countries, 26 states represented They R doing good in WORLD
Gr8 mtg w/ 50 ppl at Mercy Arthritis in Urbandale this am Lots of talk re: health care
Obamacare: Wld Obamacare pass if ppl knew you couldn’t keep health care like Pres Obama promised?
Will be w gov perry in Des Moines tonite.  ASSUME something.  Use ur imagination
In November, as National Adoption Month is observed, Sen. Grassley talks about the stability that adoption brings to children in need of permanent, loving homes, as well as the public good adoption brings to society.
Obamacare: looks likePresObama not tkg seriously potential 4 fraud Ins Cos exempted frm anti-fraud laws It’s end-around my FalseClaimsAct
Senator Grassley spoke in support of the Military Justice Improvement Act, which seeks to give survivors of sexual assault in the military a fair chance at justice by eliminating bias and inherent conflicts of interest posed by the military chain of command. Grassley joined a bipartisan group of Senators in advocating for this amendment to the Annual Defense Bill, which is expected on the Senate floor before Thanksgiving.  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=47397
Senator Grassley met with retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor before a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing where the committee was considering several judicial nominations.  Grassley is the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee which has jurisdiction over the federal court system.
This morning I'm back&4th btween Judiciary &Finance Comm 4hearings on FedPrisons&Obamacare  I will hv Qs at both especially Sebilius
Here is what Obama meant to say"u can keep your plan only if I approve of your plan"  my guess is several other tweets hv said same
ABC is now doing B roll and the network folks want me at my desk tweeting
I'm being intrvus by ABC
Obamacare: Pres Obama ignored warning 3 yrs ago that wrong ppl implementing Obamacare would cause probs See WashPost story re: Cutler memo
Senator Grassley reflects on the tribute paid to the idea of America’s exceptionalism in the Gettysburg Address and calls on Americans on this Veterans Day – next Monday, November 11 – to honor the men and women in uniform who have answered the call to serve and defend America’s freedom and individual liberty, especially those who have lost life and limb in the fullest measure of devotion to our country.
Going to groundbreaking for Alice blvd grand entrance to one of fasted growing cities in Iowa  this is a major projectOFWaukeeMayorWmPeard
Dems grasping at straws w/ unscrupulous attacks on GOP WRT DC Circuit nom Fact is that DC Circuit workload does not justify confirmation
SenMcConnell speech 2 Senate spouses said when Barb&I married almost 60 yrs only birds tweeted Now "Grassley Tweets more than the birds"
Senator Grassley discusses the Budget Conference Committee and the next steps to resolving the budget impasse in his latest Q&A:
Transparency, accountability, and fiscal integrity should be key goals for the budget conference as negotiations begin. Read Senator Grassley’s opening statement to the committee here:
Press reports say that IA 3 of 50 states in car/deer accidents. Assume true from experience
My time 35:33. Mike 35:32 Race for Cure DesMoines 5K
Getting ready for Race for Cure dsMoines xpect 25000 Mrs G is survivor of 25 yrs My running partner is faithful former staffMikeSteenhoek
Senator Grassley encourages college-age Iowans to apply for internships in his office for the spring semester. Check out the link below for more information.
Guarantee no more govt shutdown Read SenPortman bill for automatic continuing resolution If Congress doesn't pass approp billsBy9/30 govRUNS
"We don't hv a debt problem"We've turned corner" That's what Obama told REP SENATORS at WH SO Washington is an island surrounded by reality
Part2 WSJounalEd  praise to Wellesley U profs who objected to action agst Prof Xia by PekingU Shame on other US Univ for SILENCE WSJ 10/22
WSJournal Editorial on Peking U abuse of Chinese democracy advocateProfXia by revoking tenure US University silence is deplorable READ part1
Last nite Q&A w CriminalJusticeClass at HawkeyeCommunityCollege 20students  ProfClairRudisson did gr8 job focussing Qs on sentencing
Had a great Q&A w 2classes of UNI students  each class is future teachers
Public affairs prog on kcps in Burlington & conf calls w IA reporters early this AM, now heading to UNI to talk 2 Prof Oakland's classes.
U heard abt the 95 year old man who got approved for obamacare  he said he was 26 when "logged on"
Young ppl under 30 worried abt Social Sec read Freeman articl on Drunkenmiller in WSJournal 10/19 and get pol active
University of Northern Iowa beats Indiana State in women's volleyball three games to one
University of South Dakota Beach University of Northern Iowa 3831 overtime
Third-quarter University of Northern Iowa over South Dakota University 2814
Uni beat Illinois St 3/1 volleyball
Sorry to hear about death of former Speaker Tom Foley He chaired Ag Comm when I came to House Diff party but good legislator, Speaker
Had good conversation today about tort reform at CouncilBluffs Chamber w 35-40 area biz
Lots to do in Senate Should be in session Need 2 be working on debt/deficit, farm bill, etc.
Enjoyed lunch w Council Bluffs Rotarians and others Good chili Nice one on one conversations with area Iowans
When sched announced so late, hard to set meetings w/ Iowans Still, I’m in Western Iowa 2day hearing directly from constituents
Majority said Sen would B in recess nxt wk.  Too much to do...we shld B working.  FarmBill, DoDAuth, Energy pending + work on debt
Today is "boss day" to honor the one u work for. I hv 3million bosses ,,, my Iowa constituents  Thanks for honor working for u  Gr8 honor
What can conservatives learn from Senator Collins proposal to end shutdown...that Dems don't negotiate in good faith Always move goal posts
Read WashPost Ruth Marcus column 2day. Former DoD Sect, CoS, etc. Panetta talks abt lack of leadership at WH, hard work of finding solutions
Watch pat Roberts on Greta FOX now
News of Senate negotiators compromising on budget control act and sequestration w Dems disconcerting YeGods we hv 17T$ deficits Thnk:grankid
Normally I don't give tours of Cap but I was able to help Loebsack & Latham go to Sen & House chambers for St Alberts HS. Council Bluffs
Shutdown has now become Constitutional issue not fiscal or default Obsma/Reid want usurp House Constitutional role initiating money bills
Since I'm a UNI Panther fan u may not blieve this but I am enjoying seeing IowaSt beating   Tulsa
Part2 Is it right for my generation to live"high on hog" at expense of nxt generation ?
The shutdown underlying issue is absolute necessity of cutting down on debt to be left to grandchildren More a moral issue than fiscal psrt1
Since Dems c polls show shutdown hurting Rep more than Dems Dems don't c any need to negotiate w Rep
It is quite obvious obamacare is not ready for prime time. Even the Prez has delayed 5parts of it.  Ppl can't sign up on WEB
Since I can't be in Iowa on wkends to talk to Iowans abt shutdown I want all to know I appreciate and digest the great amount of email/ph
BTW as I continue abt the study of Einstein brain the Post article is reporting on a study published in scientific journal BRAIN
If u interested in uniqueness of Einstein research read studies of his brain in WashPost His corpus callosum was so large comparatively
BTW if u like evangelical worship go to my Iowa church prairielakeschurch ,org
The Senate is in session Sunday. So I'm not in Iowa or at prairielakeschurch or at VillageInn w kids for lunch Hope to be In Iowa nxt wkend
This govt shutdown and debt limit debate is taking everybody to the"cliff"  Surely every one knows the law of gravity  Pray for WISDOM
Read today WSJournalletter to Ed fr iowa Gov Branstad disagreeing w latest WSJ ed attacking ethanol Things writer Knows
Meeting at White House over. Very good discussion on shutdown Nothing obvious decided But hope I'm surprised there may be progress
On way to White House w all senate republicans to see if we can get president to negotiate on ending govt shutdown Thx Pres for meeting
Iowa will celebrate Dr. Norman E Borlaug World Food Prize Day on October 16th. Check out Senator Grassley's latest commentary to find out more.
I'm sorry to not report UNI V DRAKE VB. I stayed in Dc b/c of stalemate between Obama and Cogress  In end Reid disallow vote on House bills
I'm sorry to miss inauguration of PresRuud at my university U of Northern Iowa  bc of govt shutdown.
I'm sorry I couldn't get to Iowa this wkend like usual but govt shutdown solution was more important  The Senate was. In session today
Monitoring rpts&returning fr WWIImemorial w QCvets. Thankful for Capitol Police response. My staff safe. No Iowa visitors in ofc at time
4Times the Republican House passed bills to fund govt(no shutdown)  4times Reid&54Dems said to house"jump in lake"  so Result is shutdown
MSNBC had story how easy it is to operate ObamaCare website Aftr 30 min gave up could not get info ALLON TV  ...SYSTEM FAILURE
Some Democrat Senators have sign on door "out of business/govt shutdown"  my office is open w skeleton staff according to law
Just welcome 4busload of Iowa WWII VETS TO THEIR MEMORIAL  Thanks for ur service  Glad govt decided to open memorial regardless of shutdown
WWII vets on HonorFiight are being denied entrance to Memorial bc of Govt shutdown OUTRAGEOUS These vets fought a war for freedom Let themIN
Hear ye hear ye.  Yesterday was birthday of new UNI President Ruud. Happy birthday
UNI Volleyball vs MoState  uni wins match 3/2  uni loses  first two games. Came back real strong
UNI PANTHERS. END 3rd 31/6 over McNeese
UNI FOOTBALL.  Half. UNI 17McNeeese st 0
Senator Grassley comments on his votes against procedural motions and the continuing resolution to fund the government.
If votes stay as is, I will vote to defund Obamacare by voting against cloture.
300 ppl donate time to read Iowa newspapers&other publications-I read about Mamie Eisenhower 2day 2of2
Just read at IA Radio Reading Info Service-IRIS-an important service reading to the blind and print handicapped 1of2
Questions about the debt ceiling? Check out Senator Grassley's latest Q&A for more information.
Gr8 visit to WDM tech co. Blue Compass Interactive. Thx to Drew Harden & Cary Coppola for the briefing on their web biz
Thx to LtGov Reynolds  SpeakerPaulson LeaderUpmeyer @PatGrassley for the surprise 80th BirthdAy &150 other ppl
Watch IowaPublicTV noon Sunday my intrvu"IowaPress" for my view on  CongressIssues Don't let 30 sec abt my run in 2016 detract u fr bigIssue
ElSalvador shld not qualify for $277m of MilleniumChallengeCorp grant b/c the leftist govt doesn't respect rule of law which grant promotes
Ran 6+mi. from my house to Senate this AM.  Seeing USCapitol is ideal way to celebrate the Constitution’s birthday. GR8 way 2 start morning.
Interested in 9thCircuitAppeals Cases ?follow the court on @NevadaAppellate This circuit is continuously overturned by Supremes
September 15-21 is National Farm Safety and Health Week. Check out Senator Grassley's Q&A for more on farm safety.
UNI WINS MATCH 0vr green bay 3/0
2nd game UNI25/16 ovr greenbay
2nd match. First game UNI 25ovr greenbay 14
UNI WINS MATCH ovr green bay 3/1
Green Bay ovr UNI. 19/25. Game 3
UNI OVER GREEN BAY 25/16 Game 2
UNI OVER GREEN BAY  game 1  25/19
Is NASA, Defense Dept playing favorites with jet fuel, hangar space at taxpayer expense?  Asking inspector general 4 review
Read 9/13 FortDodgeMessengerNews complimentary editorial about my 99county every yr town meeting. U hear it from impartial source not fr me
I'm going to miss Gretchen as one of three Fox&Friends as she moves to new assignment  Good Luck
Wish Pres didn't cancel secure Senate briefing that Republicans asked for 2day-- still many Qs abt Syria
12th observance of 9-11 on steps of US Capitol. Sang National Anthem & heard from House/Senate leaders. Closed by singing God Bless America
"Remember 9-11" like "remember Pearl Harbor" so neither happens again
Senator Grassley has been awarded the 2013 Fueling Growth Award from Growth Energy for his support of the biofuels industry.
After secure briefing at WH I appreciate the complex issues Pres. must deal w. But war is still a tough sell to me. Iowans strongly oppose
Thx to Olympic Comm for retaining Wrestling in future contests   Whether it was bc of my Senate Resolution or whatever "thanks"
Q&A today with Prof Ruud's Comms ethics class at UNI/28 students –Qs about Syria, ethics, process 4 determining votes, immigration
Enjoyed breakfast and discussing UNI and the future with President Ruud 2day at 8AM.
Q&A w/36 Kirkwood Comm College students Topics-Syria, term limits, guns, farm bill, mental health, marijuana, 9/11, Detroit, post offices
Nice tour and Q&A with 27 employees at Barnes Mfg in Marion. Topics-Syria, medical costs/Obamacare, gun rights, Social Security.
ISu wins ovr UNI 3/2
At break ISU leads Uni VB 2/0
15 min UNI VB home season v Iowa st will start.
Senator Grassley finished his annual tour of Iowa's 99 counties last week. Check out his latest commentary on this year's meetings!
She never said"quit"  on fifth attempt she succeeded in swim 103miles Cuba to  Fla. congrats to Diana Nyad
Obama decides to not enforce marijuana laws in 2states  It is nullification by prioritization.Obama will learn like Calhoun:unconstitutional
ObamaCare? Will it work? Read"tmseditors@tribune.com" oped "UK's national health service experience should be warning to US" BritsWait4month
A GREAT BIG UPSET. PANTHERS beat Cyclones 28/20)
UNI scores TD leads ISU 28/20
ISU SCORED FG. UNI LEADS 21/20
ISU SCORES FG.  UNI lead 21/17
ISU SCORED.  UNI21/14
UNI  scores.  Leads ISU 21/7
UNI 7 ISU o after 9min of game
UnI scores leads ISU 14/7
Now 7/7 tie UNI / ISU
Back by DEMAND.   ready to report UNI v ISU FOOTBALL.  NOT VOLLEYBALL.  VB next Wed.Unless Reid  calls Senate  back
Statement from Senator Grassley about possible U.S. military action in Syria:  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46870
Any state legislator who wants to save money and improve quality in Medicaid should follow RhodeIsland waiver. Read WSJournal Ed 8/28
U read my last tweets on town halls  Today for 33rd yr I complete my 99 county"every county every year " tour of Iowa to "keep in touch"
Spirit Lake Town Hall 128 ppl Topics-immigr,Syria, Obamacare, deficit,NSA, UNGunTreaty,sequestration, KeystonePipeline, ExecOrders, FarmBill
Sibley Ocheyedan HS - More Topics-religion in school, guns, Common Core, Social Security, work with President, History Channel 2of2
Sibley Ocheyedan HS 80 ppl Topics-FFA, Syria, gas prices, Keystone Pipeline, immigration, tuition, debt, same sex marriage 1of2
Rock Rapids Town Hall 55 ppl Topics-hospital rules, Obamacare/Congress, min wage, immig, RFS, Lewis&Clark, housing, FarmBill, trade, Syria
Good tour and TownHall-124ppl-Link Mfg-Sioux Center. Topics-KeystonePipeline, Lewis&Clark, Obamacare, UN GunTreaty, immig, Welfare, debt,NSA
Le Mars Town Hall 87 ppl Topics-Obamacare/Congress, COOL, credit unions, energy regs, NSA, debt, Syria, farm bill
Cherokee Town Hall 74 ppl Topics-Debt limit, defunding Obamacare, Syria, farm bill, immigration, tobacco tax
Primghar Town Hall 63 ppl Topics-Tea Party, wind energy, rural health care, Lewis&Clark water, RFS, trade, debt ceiling, Obamacare, Syria
Spencer Town Hall 93 ppl Topics: Syria, Social Security, Obamacare, partisanship, tax reform, debt, farm bill, fair tax.
Senator Grassley visited 2 of the 13 presidential libraries this month. Check out his latest Q&A for more about the history and purpose of these libraries.  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46851
Storm Lake HS 68ppl Topics:immig, Obamacare, same sex marriage, SocialSecurity, college costs, DreamAct, PatriotAct, guns, marijuana, energy
Iowa high school student leaders are encouraged to apply for the 2014 U.S. Senate Youth Program, application is now open.  http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46839
Sac City Town Hall 30 ppl Topics-Obamacare, immig, Exec Orders, RFS, FarmBill/FoodStamps, EPA, debt, horse slaughter, VoterID, Benghazi, NSA
Carroll Town Hall 49 ppl Topics: dr. fix, min wage, Obamacare/Congress, FarmBill/FoodStamps, F&F, RFS, payment limits, KeystonePipeline, NSA
Denison Town Hall 49 ppl Topics: Renewable Fuel Standard, Obamacare, immigration, guns, Benghazi, Smithfield, budget, deficit, term limits
Onawa Town Hall 27ppl Topics:education, IRS, Obamacare,Congress rating, VoterID, E15, MedMal, immig, guns, Corps of Eng,highway bill,budget
Sioux City Rotary 80 ppl Topics: balanced budget amendment, Wrestling in the Olympics, Syria, partisanship, guns, budget, status of GOP, NSA
Senator Grassley on the costs of the Affordable Care Act: http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/Article.cfm?customel_dataPageID_1502=46835
Ida Grove Town Hall 47 ppl Topics:Fed/debt, Obamacare, farm bill, Syria, Sequester, IRS, Benghazi, F&F, Imm, Judges, Congress underObamacare
I’ll be following up with NSA IG on latest news of willful violations of some NSA authorities. If willful, there needs 2 B consequences
Final thoughts on my visit to Kansas celebrating our 59th wedding anniversary :  Ppl of Kansas r as friendly as Iowans They spoke as I jog
After visiting Dole. Center  went to Eisenhower museum  and Library  in Abilene Such a facility on the Plaines show Ike honored his roots
After overnite w Attorney General Schmidt the family Barb and I visited Dole Center at UKansas.  Reminder of what a great statesman He was
After a good day in Topeka I'm overnite in Lawrence at home of AttorneyGeneral and Mrs Schmidt  Jennerfer is former staffer of mine
2day visit w Gov Brownback in Topeka at Capitol  toured beautiful building. Then went to St Historical Building
Toured Truman Library and talked to several constituents on vacation
Go to independence Mo Tour Truman Library. Learn abt a great Leader in troubling times Spend  abt 5hrs to do it justice.  Longer better
In govt, only way law violators are reformed isfor "heads to roll" NSA must act against any ppl who intentionally violate Americans' privacy
For all of u who Q PresObama constitutionality of suspending parts of ObamaCare  read 2day's WSJournal oped  ProfRosenkranz
MrsG&I went to Parkersburg AmLegion to hear Iowa Sec of State Matt Schultz honor veterans thru our use of his website
Freshman Senator Tim Scott did as clear xplanatjon of Republican program as anybody on Fox's Greta  tonite.
I was program at 7am Parkersburg Rotary Club 18members and guests present  isues: farm bill  food stamps ObamaCare campaign financeTaxReform
Glad Maquoketa kids R home fr Africa  Thanks 2 Mimi of my DsM staff for making it happen after Nairobi airport fire
Biggest pig Iowa StFair http://t.co/4p5EBcsHFj
I was first speaker at FamilyLeadership Conference at Ames Several hundred ppl. Covered by dozens press&TV  my remarks on Am exceptionalism
G8 opening at Meadow Vista Communities in Altoona! Happy to be a speaker...such g8 ppl
Honor BobbyKaufmann at  an event in his st rep district in Wilton  I was speaker as well as @patgrassley   Bobby a fine legislator
It is Presidential amateur hour bc Obama doesn't counter Putin granting asylum to Snowden  The Obama "reset" w Russia needs a reset
In Ariz 2day Pres Obama repeated charges that Bengahzi IRS Fast&Furious AP are "phoney scandals"What is phoney abt death of Ambassador
JudicialWatch reports today AttGen Holder spent $4 000 000 for jet travel 2009/2012
Phil Kruger Memorial 5K for benefit of DikeNewHartfordHS, my time 33:25  my probably unrealistic goal is to b under 33 sometime  Cost$25
Thurs was 1st day of drug co reporting of payments 2 doctors under Sunshine Act. Info public next year. Sen.Kohl & I wrote bill/enacted 2010
I'm sure u can imagine this Leader Reid kept the vote open for 5hrs to get enough votes to confirm anATF director who is still beingInvestg8
GOP Sen. Sect. Dave Schiappa leaving is loss to Senate. Hard 2 lose 29 yrs of institutional history of helping run senate floor
Congratulation to Waterloo Iowa for reopening and improving BrownDerbyBallroom after 40yrs It brings  back memories to me.
Mourn passing of former Congresswoman Mrs Boggs of Louisiana  I served w her in House  Always friendly and open to others views
Mourn passing of Bud Day most decorated war hero of WWII Korea  Vietnam   One of longest POW of Nam war.
This wk prezObama "pivots" back to jobs(again) in speech in Illinois Why wld he pivot bk Why he take eye off ball w  constant7.5%joblessness
Beware of "transnationalists" If u don't want UN to compromise our Constitution read abt JohnKyl in WSJournal oped 7/20/13
PresObama 5yr in office has focus his presidency on reducing inequality rather than increasing growth THINK Kennedy"risingTIDE liftsALLBOATS
Pres obama has to learn that b4 the govt can redistribute wealth the private economy has to create it. His policy aren't helping to so cre8
Obama speech:"Washington has taken its eye off the ball... This needs to stop". Since when isn't he part of "Washington"?  He needsToEngage
I intro. bill this week 2protect ID of farmers after EPA released 80000 names&addresses Need more common sense atEPA. Sen Donnelly cosponsor
4groups of young people I had meetings w this morn: GirlsNation BoysNation FFA  and BoyScouts glad to hv Q&A
I'm having bfast w 10 law student clerks of judiciary comm
w 10 law clerks of my judiciary comm
Pres Obama Jesse Jackson Al Sharpton.  Watch first ten min of O Reilly when it reruns in two hrs  he puts a real challenge to u
Happy birthday to Bob Dole Outstanding senator, war vet and friend.
SO.. Obama will speak abt jobs. Abt time. After job killing taxes ObamaCare over regulation largest deficits in history
SO... Finally this week Obama is going speak abt jobs and economy not guns and immigration. Finally speak abt issue most people60pc want
Japanese on issue of defense"China's aggressive and US is already weak" so Japan must revise Constitution IT IS SAD PEOPLE ABROAD C US WEAK
I spoke tonight at Iowa DeMolay Banquet  THe group honored First Responders  DeMolay members are next generation of MasonicLeaders
Secy.ofAg JimWilson 1897/1913 Longest ever His hometownTraer had celebration for him Vilsack and I spoke there Northey too
Sen Cruz speech in des Moines covers 2pts:defense of Constitution and promoting growth and  opportunity
I'm having lunch @Chris_Moody  talking abt no history on history channel
Working to Improve Military Justice System for Service Members
Grassley Speaks on Senate Floor about Nomination of Tom Perez
Here's The Scoop - Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Grassley works to reform military justice system for cases involving sexual violence
Inappropriate Access or Disclosure of Politically Connected Tax Records
Report Reveals Doctors Over-Referring Patients for Financial Gain
Congrats2 Floyd Hammer&Kathy Hamilton, Union IA Named 5000th Point of Light 4 Xceptional volunteerism.They help feed kids in 14 countries+US
If u want history u won't get it on the History Channel rite now. So turn to Iowa public TV and u can get history of Austro-HungarianEmpire
33:59 My time 5K BeaverCreekDays festival at newhartford  Iowa. Donations went to FoodBank
Name of SEAL hero Rockford honored w statue is Jon T (JT) Tumilson  this was life size statue of JT and dog Hawkeye
Rockford Iowa honor SEAL hero killed in action w Bronze Statue of him and dog Hawkeye in local park I attended funeral months ago
Tonite attended opening ceremony of Butler County Relay for Life(fight cancer) inAllison  Barbara Grassley  is a survivor  both of us help
Scrutiny Needed of Smithfield Sale to Shuanghui
I'm visiting w @WiseSoph bc she does not blieve I do my own tweets.  We at DCA
If Senate Majority ldr calls nuclear option vote next wk, he'll go down in history as "destroying" Senate by his own definition from 2009.
Grassley Welcomes IRS Statement on Union, Senior Employee Bonuses
Grassley Receives Champion for Children Award
Q&A on the Death Tax
Those of who want to lead must remember "Democracy means constantly outperforming yourself or you are out on your backside "
Just finished Iowa Falls parade  longer route and more people  walked w @patgrassley  beautiful weather and friendly spectators
Just finished July 4th parade in Reinbeck  I walked w @patgrassley  perfect weather  onto Io Iowa Falls for last parade of day
Grassley Statement Celebrating Independence Day
Production, Supply, Price of ethanol are not affected by Morsi, Egypt or Suez.  Choose homegrown ethanol.
Audubon TM 29 ppl Topics: DoD Reg/Bibles, ExecOrders, Pipeline, Judges, ethanol, SS, debt, Student loans, Immigration,IRS,farm bill,Benghazi
Senate internships available, applications due July 15
Speaking in Ames tonight Discussing US/Australian relations w/Australian farmers&ag leaders including farm&trade policy
Harlan TM 55 ppl Topics: credit union tax, highway bill, Older Americans Act, Medicaid, student loans, immigration
Atlantic, 45 ppl Topics: Obamacare, tax reform, immigration, student loans, farm bill, IRS, estate tax, NSA surveillance, partisanship
Council Bluffs mtg, Griffin Pipe mfg, Employee town meeting&plant tour.  Very nice visit.
Grassley makes KMAland visit
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Logan TM 48 ppl Topics: FEMA, F&F, Obama travel, Obamacare, foreign aid, college loans, Syria, flat tax, gay marriage, Benghazi, guns
Glenwood TM 72 ppl Topics: Immigration, Obamacare, FEMA regs, guns, DHS buying bullets, campaign finance reform, jobs, F&F, Benghazi, IRS
Sidney TM-32 ppl Topics: Obamacare, Cancer, Farm Bill, SNAP, debt, F&F, Veterans, IRS, Benghazi, immigration
Clarinda TM- 52 ppl. Topics: jobs, Immigration, Obamacare, EPA regs, Guns, Crop insurance
Corning TM- 49 ppl Topics: SNAP, Immigration, Deficit, climate chg, Syria, UN guns, F&F, Obamacare, Partisanship, gay marriage, TermLimits
Bedford TM, 26 ppl Topics: Immigration, Benghazi, IRS, F&F, ExecOrders, FreeCellphones, Guns, Obamacare
Senate in recess so holding meetings in IA.  I tweet topics asked about for press & Iowans wanting to know what grassroots asking about
U just been waiting for RESULTS!! My time 33:31 5K SturgisFallsDays. That is original name of CedarFalls Iowa
Looking to the House of Representatives for Effective Immigration Reform
Celebrating Freedom:  Salute to Frederick Douglass
Surprise. Still more history on history channel.  Now.   Cleopatra
History on the history channel.  Yes history.  Attila the Hun   Rite now
Grassley Statement After Comprehensive Immigration Reform Bill Clears Senate
Grassley meetings in Southwest Iowa start Monday
I two minutes senate votes on immigration reform.  Senators told by Leader to vote fr desk rather than milling around bc of historic vote
Grassley: March IRS Letter Exposes IRS’ Dubious Claim About Bonus Payments to Union Employees
U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley Works to Get an Explanation for $70 Million in Bonuses at IRS
At Frederickburg Iowa marking grave of CongMedalOfHonor recipient LeroyVokes Great Program especially StSenator Black history of suchSoldier
Att General didn’t disclose FBI drones in answer 2 me. He gave DEA&ATF specifics but no FBI which has been using since 2010. Just forgetful?
CBO says immigration bill will reduce illegals entering U.S. by only 25%. See p. 23 of cost estimate  Shows need to secure border 1st.
Don’t be sucked into believing corker/hoeven secures border. As explained, it’s still legalization b4 border security
If u want border security as#1 goal of immigration reform we will hv to look to the House b/c the Senate bill is only legalization first
Too bad House didn’t pass farm/nutrition bill. It’s a step forward in important reforms. Farmers need certainty.2of2
House did right thing passing rep. Fortenberry payment limits amend. Saves $$, helps small/medium & beginning farmers, closes loopholes.1of2
Why do senate democrats not want a secure border. Border shld b secure b4 legalization. Polls show ppl want secure border
I'm a legislator not a delegator. Congress delegates too much. Progressives like 2delegate 2executive We had rule of law Now rule of lawyers
Friends of Sharon Juon had nice retirement party for her in Waterloo  She retires fr director INRCOG regional govt organ Happy Days Sharon
Groupof8 well intended but misguided abt securing border b/4 legalizing. Imm. bill legalizes b4 border secure. Can’t make illegal once legal
If u r interested in business problem of patent trolling read SenSchumers article WSJournal June13  This is real problem Congress must deal
Today is FlagDay. Fly Stars&Stripes a symbol of liberty and freedom,,,a Beacon of Hope  Fact:Millions come here legal yearly 4OPPURTUNITY
Majority move to table my border security amendment shows they don’t want 2 vote 2 actually secure border. 2of2
Border Security needs beefed up or 2013 leg. will make same mistakes as ‘86 law. 1of2
April 25 I sent 24Qs to SecNapolitano  asking how immigration bill wld work Legitimate policy Qs 49 days later NO ANSWER Where answers?
Grassley Discusses the False Advertising from the Authors of the Immigration Bill
White House on top aide with offshore accounts
Q&A on the Fate of Olympic Wrestling
Beleaguered IRS Undermines Public Trust
Just read:UNI may drop in fall enrollment .. HS grads& non-traditional students sign up for a very good education at UNI  u will love it
Grassley plans meetings in Southwest Iowa
Oversight of Judicial Resources
Sen. Grassley (IA) Seeks Answers on Reducing $7.9 Billion in Improper Social Security Payments
Sen. Grassley Says Obama Court Nominations Wrong Decision : NPR
Grassley to Seek Ugland House, Other Tax Answers from President’s Top Trade Nominee
Grassley Seeks Answers on Reducing $7.9 Billion in Improper Social Security Payments
Big turnout at Richard Bender's retirement. Longtime staff for Sen Harkin. Thanks 4 service to ppl of Iowa.
Latest Presidential Nominee With Offshore Accounts
Grassley looks back at Parkersburg, New Hartford : A look back - 2008 tornado
Grassley works to resolve pending Russian adoption cases
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Senator Grassley wants the president to address Russian adoption issue
Charles Grassley cares what Iowans think - MessengerNews.net
A visit from Grassley - FreemanJournal.net
AP News : Despite hot issues, lawmakers meet public less. Grassley persists as town halls fade.
Seems Assad winning  Time to ask Q we Asked '51 a la GeoSantayana (don't repeat mistakes). Who lost China?Now who lost Syria?
Why isn't President Obama "reset"policy w Russia working?  He has tried so hard and Putin "thumbs his nose" at our President.
I will be at gala tonight in cedarRapids  for opening of new USCellular convention center   I will b one of 3 or four short speeches
Ran 5k at MyWaterloo Days this Morning- strong turnout despite weather.  Ran 35:30 by my watch
Martha Moore of USA TODAY said I wasn't  Tweeting enough   So I will try to do more often
Why Sen. Grassley started running, really running - Daily Times Herald - Carroll, Iowa
61 ppl-Webster City mtg. Qs: Crop insurance, Obamacare, guns, debt, budget, IRS, flat tax, Tricare, Keystone pipeline, F&F
109 ppl- Clarion mtg. Qs Need answers 4 Meinkes on Immigration status, truck weights, Tax cuts, Israel, WRDA, Guns, FarmBill, Too Big 2 Fail
GAO report on health care exchanges
38 ppl Algona Qs: EqualPayforWomen, Pipeline ,Taxes, F&F, Gun Control, MinWage, VA, Syria,DC Judges, FannieMae, farmbill, Immigration, Fed
Emmetsburg- 38 ppl.  Qs aboutF&F, Holder, Dodd-Frank, Benghazi, Common Core, TRIO.  SocSec, guns, Obamacare, immigration, taxes
Grassley Reacts to Smithfield-Shuanghui Deal
Dakota City- 47 ppl Qs CampFin, IRS investigation, Seal Team6, F&F, FarmBill, Obamacare, CropIns, Hobby Lobby, immigr, Congress covrd/laws
Sen. Grassley voices his opinion on the Lois Lerner situation
Fort Dodge- 90 ppl Qs Benghazi, Farm bill, FoodStmps, Immigr, GunControl, MilitarySexual abuse, ChainedCPI,Debt, SocSec, GMOs,IRS, CyberSec
Rockwell City- 34 ppl Qs abt Farm bill, VA, Gas Prices, REC loans, Gun control, Education, Filibuster, Abortion
This AM Jefferson Kiwanis 48 ppl Issues: Immigration, IRS, FlatTax, Energy, CyberSec, Debt, Fillibuster, MyJogging, Ag, EPA Regs, Obamacare
Grassley believes farm bill will pass Senate by next week
Grassley to Hold Town Hall in Algona, Clarion
Grassley meetings this week in Northwest Iowa
Grassley:  U.S. Air Force Academy Selects Waterloo Youth
Rain canceled my speech at Aplington cemetery to honor fallen military  If interested go to my Facebook to read it
Rain caused  the cancelation of Aplington Memorial Day ceremony honoring fallen servicemembers I cld not speak but rain/shine we honor all
Memorial Day - Reflecting on the True Price of Freedom
I compliment PrezObama speaking out abt military sexual assault at Naval Academy speech It help when ComnderInChief  highlites problem
Grassley, Landrieu Introduce the Foster Youth Stamp Act
IRS Official in Targeting Mess Put on Administrative Leave
My good colleague senator harkin has chosen Drake U to receive his papers.  I'm glad to hear he chose an Iowa institution. I chose UNI in'86
Sad day for Iowa, WHO radio fans, UofIowa Hawkeyes b/c Jim Zabel died. Still at 91 he was analyzing sports for Iowans. We will miss Jim
Grassley Amendments to Senate Farm Bill Focus on EPA, Payment Limits, Competition
Immigration out of committee 13/5  I voted for '86 changes and it didn't stop illegal migration..my goal NOW make sure we secure borderFIRST
Public shld hv full story- who involved in legal Conf set-up to reveal IRS targeting. I asked IRS&Treasury in ltr last wk. ?s in hrg this AM
Top IRS Official Acknowledges Mistakes in Response to Grassley Questions
IRS Oversight
Grassley backs legislation to reform system for prosecuting sexual assault in the military services
Why would Pres Putin keep our Sec of State wait 3hrs for a meeting if he wants to seek common ground w US  sounds like old Soviet way!!
Nixon used IRS to intimidate political foes. One of his impeachment articles. People in this administration ought study history What works??
In '98 I served on IRS restructuring  Commission  Intimidation of IRS toward small business Same thing only now directed to political groups
We need to stop funding PLO as long as their schools teach hatred toward Israel
Congress! Don't b fooled by CBO projected decline in deficit All bc of capital gains taken last yr bc of'13 tax increase Same thing as 1986
US has no foreign policy. We shld remember what happened th last time we had no foreign policy. It was Sept 1939 Hitler started WWII Poland
MrSeib Wall st Journal left 1 important statistic out of his Tues article that Senate slowing judge approval: #approved187 defeated2
Is motivation of IRS investigating Tea Party groups b/c they fight BigGovernment and govt employes want more govt?
Gas prices shooting up rapidly in Iowa b/c two refineries shut down in Chicago for repair
Treasury IG investigation of IRS makes clear the agency tried to dampen political speech of groups opposed to Dems during last election
The Ways&Means Comm hearing on IRS intimidating conservative group abt tax exempt status shows how chilling the agency can be on pol activty
Grassley seeks full accounting from the IRS regarding political targeting
Politically Speaking: Grassley says hallmark of Obama administration is "stonewalling"
My time for 3mile annual Capitol Challenge charity race 32:30 here in DC
Grassley Seeks Details Behind IRS Official’s Apology for Targeting Tax-exempt Groups
Officials believe tax credit made Iowa wind energy announcement possible - The Daily Iowan
Grassley:  U.S. Military at West Point Selects Coralville Youth
Grassley says goverment is becoming “a threat to freedom and liberties”
Grassley Comments on Justice Department Secretly Gathering Unprecedented Number of Telephone Records
Grassley plans meetings in Northwest Iowa
Payment Limits Reform Included in Chairwoman's "Mark"
Grassley Reminds Agencies of Key Whistleblower Protections, Seeks Compliance Details
Since IRS started investigating Tea Party tax exempt application IRS is now "InvestigateRepublicanSupporters"  A return to NixonIntimidation
My nay vote on Marketplace Fairness Act is now more legit w info that perhaps 600 entities cld b auditing business. Told only states audit
IRS targeting Conservative groups in Obama reelect yr demands Full accounting. Violates 1st amendment. Admission stunning&2 little 2 late.
Grassley says wind energy key component of America's energy supply
Grassley talks with Greater Des Moines delegation in Washington, D.C.
Great deal of pride&strong tradition Leadership shown- lg. delegation to DC with Greater Des Moines Partnership #DMDC2013
Mr.Hicks gave powerful testimony 4 answers&accountability w/ Benghazi & Re. spin fr WhiteHouse, Susan Rice& Secy. Clinton.
Efforts to add 1,050 megawatts of wind generation in Iowa by year-end 2015
Grassley Leads Effort to Encourage USTR, USDA to Break Down Biotech Barriers with Trading Partners
Grassley: Questions Continue About 340B Discount Drug Program
Sec of homeland security Napolitano has not answered Qs submitted to her after immigration hearing. How can we markup bill Thurs wo answers
Thanks to Microsoft bill gates for briefing republican caucus on his foundation efforts eradicate polio in world  quite humanitarian he is
Marketplace Fairness Act
Grassley: Obama needs fast-track authority
#UNIPanthers The University The cedrFalls/Waterloo community  thanks  Pres &Pat Allen for your service. Enjoy retirement
"Ike"-W'loo saysThe problems we face today are there because the people who work for a living are outnumbered by those who vote for a living
#UNIPanthers THE NEW PRES Ruud arrives in CedarFalls May30
#UNIPanthers I enjoyed "Imagine the Impact Campaign" celebration honoring leadership and donors of most successful $158mcpaign+prezAllen bye
Pritzker nomination
66 ppl at Boone town meeting. ?s abt Globalwarming,FoodStamps, Medicare,Immigration, F&F, SmBiz, Biodiesel,Guns, BringTroops Home, Obamacare
Q&A w/30 employees Burke Corp-Nevada. ?s abt tax, budget, Common Core, Obamacare, Immigration, Farm bill, DoddFrank, furloughs, foreign aid
65 ppl - Marshalltown town mtg- ?s abt Immigration, budget, Obamacare, Insider trading, Benghazi, No Child Left Behind, rural transportation
38 ppl at Eldora town mtg- ?s abt guns, Immigration, mental illness, Infrastructure, sequester, debt, gay rights, Obamacare, NKorea.
Justice Dept appeal of unfettered access to Plan B is right thing to do.
EPA trying for 2nd time to clawback farmers personal info it released to environ activists. Xposure= accountability. EPA put farmers at risk
Grassley urges Administration to consider formal protest of European Commission action against U.S. ethanol exports
Senators work to stop federal interference and restore state-level education decisions
Great experience w QandA w 41 students at UNI human relations class under tutelage of prof Oakland
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Read Monday WSJournal editorial abt Congress trying to escape my amendment to ObamaCare requiring us to be in it  it relates my history here
Grassley supports Branstad’s request for federal disaster assistance
Jay Grassley SixPack Volleyball Club team made it to nAtional meet again this yr. Those who follow his 20 yrs of coaching are not surprised
At funeral for MarvDiemer Long time Rep St Rep fr CedarFalls. Everybody referred to his very strong aggressive handshake his trademark
Grassley addresses immigration reform
Report: IRS issued $11 billion in improper refunds in 2012
Reform of student visa program missing in Immigr bill.  Reform needed to stop sham schools& fraud discovered after9-11.
Medicare Advantage/stock incident, Tavenner nomination
Congress shld learn fr Obamacare 2 legislate more&delegate less 2 exec branch w Immigr reform.
Grassley works to keep academic content decisions at state level
Nobody disputed at Immig hearing that border won't b secured b4 legalization.
Grassley on SEC Enforcement Co-director, Chairman Coming from Same Law Firm
Ways and means chr camp who runs tax writing comm says tax code longer than HolyBible but there is no "Good News" in tax code
Imm bill req. DHS Sec to submit plan ONLY on border sec b4millions legal. Then only secure 90% of highrisk areas of S. border b4 citizenship
There r 100s opportunities 4 Secretary waive certain provisions in Immigration proposal. Shld that much power b delegated to ExecBranch?
If u want save Medicare&$ and give consumer choice read former Sen Daschle  washPost 4/18/13 oped
Our judiciary hearing on immigration went well w witnesses other than Secy napolitano b/c she had to b at command qtrs for Boston siege
Grassley Asks Why Democrats are Complaining About Judicial Confirmations
Today start consideration of immigration w Secy Napolitano B4 Judiciary Comm for hearing only
So far w respect to the Boston bombing the excellent work of FBI is paying off w apprehension &/or death of one suspect
Grassley, Cassidy Seek Answers from Georgia Hospital on Discount Drug Program
GAO Report on Caribbean Anti-drug Trafficking Programs
Grassley works to stop federal interference and restore state-level education decisions
Grassley proposes alternative gun bill
Sen. Grassley coming to Marshalltown May 2 - Word Up by Andrew Potter - TimesRepublican.com
Southeast Iowa takes positions to D.C.
Senator Doesn't Llke President's Call For Crop Insurance Cuts
Grassley, Cruz Introduce Legislation That Targets Violent Criminals,  Safeguards Second Amendment
IRS on accessing taxpayer emails
Secret holds reform in the U.S. Senate.
Here's the Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
In previous tweet I meant to say it is Ogden HS 42nd annual trip to DC
I'm glad to hv bfast w the Ogden HS 42 yrs in row
Grassley plans meetings in Central Iowa
Tax Filing Day
Obama administration divides over whistleblowers - Josh Gerstein
April 14 Our View: A little homespun common sense
Beretta in Md Magpul in Co Colt in Conn each gun manufacturing c antigun leglation in state MOVE TO IOWA we r not antigun welcome rite to wk
If u care abt world peace &PaxAmericana read Mark Helprin WSJournal 4/10/13 "Decline of US Military Strength"
Glad Obama Admin supports Japan entry TransPacificPartnership-  Markets 4 ag, manufacture& biz. TPP=forum 2 push against restriction on beef
Senate confirming Obama judicial noms: 181-2. Obstruction complaints fr WH don't hold up  Facts in my YouTube address 2day.
At the Cedarvalley nonprofit awards luncheon Iowa Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds gave an outstanding keynote address
At the Cedarvalley nonprofit awards luncheon I had the privilege of sharing a table with  MayorJohn Crews of Cedar Falls.
Just attended the ninth annual Cedarvalley nonprofit awards luncheon at the University of Northern Iowa
Grassley sets record straight with facts about federal judicial nominations
Regulatory Reform Initiative Seeks Sunshine, Accountability, and Pro-Jobs Environment
Grassley Unveils Legislation to Lessen Burden on Second and Eleventh Circuit Courts
Grassley statement regarding the launch of the official website for the National Physician Payment Transparency Program
Tribute to Margaret Thatcher
Statement by U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley President Obama’s budget proposal for fiscal 2014
Senator Grassley speaks on the Senate floor about proceeding to the Reid gun control legislation http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NNYKzuSj7g
U.S. agency to investigate possible leak of Medicare rate move
I just finished skyping w my university UNI Prof Oakland HumanREASource class  gr8  Qs.  How come Kathy didn't tell me of her operation
Grassley works to try to educate the EPA about agriculture, rural America
Hospitals give discounted drugs for uninsured to insured patients at markup
Fisker’s Job Cuts Fuel Political Debate on Green Energy Projects
Q&A on Drones
Grassley Questions Possible Gender Bias in H-1B Visa Program
Unique Rules for Budget Allow Senate Votes on Amendments
I really enjoyed skyping wDrWigton public relations class at ISU. Study hard and don't tweet anything I wld not Assume u study hard
Grassley Gives Floor Speech, Writes to Firm in Health Care Stock Spike Incident
Watch Senator Grassley discuss a seeming government leak about Medicare payments that moved financial markets last week live at http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/.
Grassley to Give Floor Speech, Writes to Firm in Health Care Stock Spike Incident
Sec of State Kerry must get whistleblower Wasserstrom his full award granted by UN panel Paltry 65000 sends signal don't blow whistl at UN
GreatBritain is a greater nation today  from MargaretThatcher leadership.she saved the island fr its Socialist economy  &gaveMORALleadership
Grassley Wants Answers on ‘Political Intelligence’
In my 30 town meets last wk VA lack of treating mental issues came up. I'm glad to report VA will hire 1600 to help resolve backlog
Tip to Wall Street on Medicare Rates Draws Senate Scrutiny
Grassley probes early intel on Medicare Advantage shift - The Hill's Healthwatch
Congrats to NYCity police for reduce murders. If rate now was what it was in'90 40000 NewYorkers wld b dead
As senate starts debate of guns remember: the history of gun control has been compliance by virtuous citizens and cheating by wicked ones
Watch "FrackNation" documentary for another pt of view
Sen. Grassley: Did federal Medicare agency leak details to Wall Street? - Washington Times
Want an email alert when Senator Grassley will be in your area?  If so, visit http://www.grassley.senate.gov/contact/newsletter_signup.cfm for Senator Grassley's eNewsletter, The Scoop, including alerts about Grassley meetings in your area.
Sen. Grassley visits - Mt Pleasant News
Wapello begins the day with Sen Grassley
Grassley Reacts To GAO Report On Political Intelligence
Grassley:  U.S. Air Force Academy Selects McClelland Student
#99countymeetings I didn't use this hash tag for my tweets on the 30 different counties but all tweets were abt those meetings
Senator not pleased with Department of Labor's handling of Job Corps program
57 ppl- Bloomfield. Qs abt Guns, ATFdirector, F&F, SS, not trusting Pres, UNtreaty on guns, immigration, mil cuts, P.O., EPAregs, drones&VA
Grassley questions profits from discount drug program - The Hill's Healthwatch
Department of Labor frustrates Grassley
51ppl Van Buren Co hospital. Qs abt EPAregs, Monsanto farm chemicals, 5%salary cut for Congress, Guns, sequestration, Foreign aid
89ppl- Burlington Kiwanis. Qs abt tax, sequester, NKorea, debt, no budget for three years, SocSecurity
69 students/teachers- Ft Madison HS. Qs abt getting into politics, Senate, Guns, Obamacare, debt, budg,military/college, drones, term limits
Grassley Visits Oskaloosa On 99 County Tour | Oskaloosa News
Grassley Seeks CMS Timeline, Communications on Key Policy Decision Affecting Investors
We Have Right to Know Who Lobbys Congress: Grassley: Video
Grassley fields questions in Oskaloosa
32ppl at Wapello town mtg- Qs abt SocSecurity, DHS bullets, UNgun treaty, Guns, health insurance, Obamacare, budget, ForeignAid, farm bill
Senator Grassley, Congresswoman Slaughter React to GAO Report On Political Intelligence
Tip on Policy Shift Jolted Health Shares
76ppl at Washington co. TownMtg-Qs abt guns, drones, Sequester, VA, Benghazi, Obama vacations, UNtreaty on guns, Animal Welfare Act, Immigr.
Auditor Vaught will be greatly missed in IA b/c his willingness 2speak out 4fiscal responsibility. Did Xcellent job& I'm sorry to see him go
Congressmen again seek answers on Fearless Distributing gun sting
Senator: Hospitals profited on drugs for poor, uninsured
Q&A w employees- MackayMitchell envelope co. in Mt Pleasant. Qs abt Postal Service reform, job growth, health care, Rep Party, taxes/budget
Libertyville town mtg w 35ppl. Qs abt guns, UN gun Treaty, Obamacare, Medicare, obesity, DOMA, RFS, Fast&Furious, DHS bullets, sequester
Grassley: N.C. Hospitals Draw Attention to Concerns in Discount Drug Program
Grassley holds town hall in Tama
250 ppl at Ottumwa Job Corps - 1/2 questions abt Job Corps freeze&future of Job Corps. Other 1/2 minimum wage, committees, advice 4 trainees
26ppl at Hedrick town mtg- Qs abt guns, DHS bullets, F&F,energy, EPAregs, Global warming, UN gunTreaty, debt, Dodd-Frank, sequester,Benghazi
#99countymeetings After 5meetings 2day I had pleasure of watching Iowa Hawkeyes beat Maryland NIT semi 71/60 in my Super8 motel  6 meets Wed
88ppl- Oskaloosa town mtg. Qs abt Social Security, airport, Guns, UN Treaty on guns, DHS bullets, Immigration, exec orders, Debt, Obamacare.
66 ppl- Town Mtg in Brooklyn. Qs abt Guns, Fast&Furious, Benghazi, Spending/budget, SocialSecurity, Trade, Obamacare, NKorea, Common Core
Williamsburg town mtg-86 ppl Qs abt NKorea, VA, DHS bullets, Guns, crop reports, Health Care, Debt, sequester, FedReserve, EPAregs, FarmBill
107 Students Clear Creek AmanaHS-Tiffin. Qs abt TermLimits, Guns, GayMarriage, Unemploymt, Marijuana, PlannedParenthood, Congresspay, NKorea
62 ppl- Tama town mtg. Qs abt VA backlog, Guns, Foreign Aid, Immigration, HealthCare, Flat tax, UN,Ft Hood medals, farm Bill
Here's The Scoop, Chuck Grassley's eNewsletter
Q&A with Chuck Grassley on Tax E-Filing
19 politics students at UNI asked Qs abt Same sex marriage, Budget, Obamacare& Guns.
Speaking to Prof. Larimer's UNI class at 2 this afternoon.  Look forward Q&A w students in Iowa Politics class.
Grassley still tours all 99 Iowa counties every year
130ppl JohnDeere Waterloo Qs: Obamacare, Medicaid, Ethanol, DHS buying 1.3B bullets, UN TreatyonDisabilities, Guns, FiscalCliff, immigration
99 ppl- Independence. Qs: ForeignAid, Health Insur,Guns, F&F, MedicarePartD, impeach PresObama, Immigr,ClmChg, Drones,Educ, KeystonePipeline
VintonShellsburg HS 86 students Qs: Gaymarriage, DHS- 1.3B bullets, Guns, Fed, Marijuana, DeathPnlty,Abortion, Educ, Sequest, Global Warming
Senator Grassley upset with IRS training video
Toured GoDaddy in Hiawatha. 100 employees and Qs on guncontrol, SOPA, VAClaimsBacklog, Ethanol, Green Energy, internet privacy
Cedar Co. mtg- 65ppl in Tipton. Qs abt Farm Bill, UN gun Treaty,Guns, SocialSecurity, Foreign aid.
Grassley, Hatch protest 'unlimited' health-law grants - The Hill's Healthwatch
Iowa League of Cities victory against the EPA
Senator Grassley Visits Local School
A conclusion I can draw fr most of 10 town meets I had mon &tues: Iowans think it stupid to give aid to Muslim brotherhood Egypt Pres
Grassley, Hatch Ask if Sequester Affects Health Exchange Set-up Grants
FranklinCo -56ppl Hampton.Qs abt DeptHS bullets, UNgunTreaty, Fast&Furious, sequester, FarmBill,Iraq, Biden$Paris, Guns, EgyptF-16s&SatMail
Cerro Gordo Co mtg-43ppl in Mason City. Qs abt BalancedBudget, Guns, Benghazi,Debt,VAWA,corp crime, tort reform, Workforce Invest. Act, Iraq
Grassley Questions Contradicting Testimony by Justice Department Official in Quid Pro Quo with St. Paul
Hancock Co.mtg - 82ppl in Garner. Qs abt SSNotch, Debt, Guns, homeland Security,PTSD, WHTours, GayMarriage, TermLimits, CropInsur, Farm Bill
Winnebago Co.-29ppl in Lake Mills. Qs abt Earmarks,GayMarriage,CropInsurance,Guns,DeathPenalty,Debt,ForeignAid,Drones,EPAregs,partisanship.
More than 200 at Northwood-KensettHS, 9-12. Q&A abt Senate,fav Pres,SameSexMarriage,Marijuana,USmilitary in foreign countries,Obamacare,9-11
Fayetteville Co.- 56 ppl at Lion'sClub in Oelwein. Qs abt Budget,Sequester,Guns,Immigration,Iowa Air Guard, Farm Bill,Benghazi,Fast&Furious
ClaytonCo. town meeting- 56 ppl in Elkader. Qs abt Sequester,Energy,Earmarks,Budget,LineItemVeto,Immigr,Guns,GMOs,Benghazi,Vets,Obamacare
Allamakee Co. TownMtg.-92 ppl in Waukon. Asked about Obamacare,Veterans,Guns,GMOs,ForeignAid,SSNotch, Fast&Furious, NKorea,Sat Mail delivery
Winneshiek Co mtg-Decorah 114ppl.  Asked abt Debt,Israel,FarmBill,Obamacare,Taxes,Immigration,Judges,Drones,Guns,budget,Benghazi
Crestwood HS/Cresco 340 students 9-12.Sequester,SOPA,Cybersecurity,GayMarriage,Marijuana,Guns,SocSec,GMOs,PlannedParenthood,GasPrices
This AM started constituent mtgs in 30 cos. during Easter recess. I tweet topics fr mtgs b/c ppl ask what Iowans Ask me
Grassley begins meetings in 30 Iowa communities
GET THIS: 34Democrats voted to repeal one of the biggest tax increases to finance ObamaCare. SECOND THOUGHTS carried 79/20 Not end of earth
Democrat budget passed by Senate raises taxes 1 Trillion$ &never balances. Repub budget passed by House balances w/o higher Taxes
The Senate was in session 20 hours Friday so I missed Iowa State Notre Dame basketball but glad Iowa State beat Notre Dame
Budget passes senate 50/49  at5am 108 amendment  20 hr. session #99countymeetings  I will b in 30 counties during recess
Finally after 4yrs NOTHING Senate passes budget It's a partisan budget some Dems vote NAY It like cotton candy "sweet but nothing there"
If u refer to Iraq war as Bush's read the '98 PublicLaw105-325 signed by Clinton when Democrats considered Saddam weapons a threat
Sen. Grassley pictured with 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations.  The regs are seven feet tall, and there’s more to come.
FCC’s Chairman’s Departure, LightSquared Debacle
Grassley Amendment to Give Consumer Agency an Inspector General
JudicCmte hrg on domestic drones shld lead to more study, not concern just abt military drones. Msg on my YouTube channel
Grassley says hearing should mark start of review of domestic use of drones
Iowan Jane Kelly just passed out of the Judic Committee to be judge on 8th circuit ct of appeals.
Grassley:  U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Selects Fairfield Student
Budget Resolution
Senator Grassley will be on KCJJ with Captain Steve and Tommy Lang at 8:30 a.m. CT. Listen at http://www.ustream.tv/channel/kcjj-raw.
Grassley Statement During Senate Floor Debate, Fiscal Year 2014 Budget Resolution
Grassley Amendment Provides for Revenue Neutral Tax Reform
Grassley Blasts Administration for Misleading American People on Release of Illegal Immigrants
Lawsuit Over Key Interest Rate Increases Pressure on Treasury for Fixes
Ending Meat and Poultry Inspector Furloughs
Grassley Protests Senate Leader Refusing Vote on Air Guard and Reserve Amendment
Grassley Talks about Administration's Release of More Than 2000 illegal immigrants
Grassley Welcomes Trade Promotion Authority Call from Administration
Grassley seeks a fiscally responsible, pro-growth budget resolution
Senator Grassley will be on 1430AM KASI in Ames with Trent Rice at 1 p.m. CT. Listen at http://www.iheart.com/live/4060/?autoplay=true
Senator Grassley will be on Agritalk at 10:35 a.m. CT. Listen at http://www.agweb.com/multimedia/agritalk_live_stream.aspx
Congress keeps up heat on ATF, DOJ on Milwaukee gun sting - JSOnline
Grassley Plans Meetings In Iowa During Easter Recess Of Senate
Grassley to appear in North Iowa March 26
ICE director faces frosty reception next week on Capitol Hill - The Hill
Grassley seeks to freeze elimination of F-16s at Des Moines Air Guard unit
Grassley bill targets “high ability” students in education planning
AGRIBUSINESS: Grassley Concerned With Furlough
AGRIBUSINESS: Grassley Specific On Ag Cuts
DC probes NYU loan arrangers
Whether u think it rite or not abt Iraq war read WallStJ oped by ProfKnott Mar16 abt all the bipartisan fear of Saddam and vote for war
Read Mar11 WallStJ oped Lomberg Electric cars not green. Put out CO2 more than conventional car if driven 50 000 miles or less
Grassley Recognizes Sunshine Week
Sen graham on TV: getting info on Benghazi. All us senators need support  Lindsey.  if PresObama is most transparent evr get info to Lindsey
Read thurs oped WallStJ by senatorMcCain on 40th anniversary of his release fr VietPrison. Thx for ur service John  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312549256928047105
Thanks to house Republicans for a budget that gets to balance.  SenateDeficitMajority budget never balances  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312519488237092864
8pm thurs nite the DeficitMajority of BudgetComm voted out a trillion$ tax increase&no balance in site. All Republicans NAY  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312519005334290432
Corporate tax reform came up in RepubSenator meet w Obama.  Pres pledged to seek agreement starting w "exchange of paper"  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312387590718365696
RepubSenators meet w Obama.  He said there would b a decision on Keystone pipeline b4 end of yr.  waiting for StDept to forward  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312387103843557376
Repubsenators had very good discussion w Obama.  He listened; answered Qs candidly; one problem: he insist on higher taxes/Medicare  – https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/312386519195320321
Grassley Wins Support for Payment Reform and Even-Handed Farm Bill Spending Reductions
Grassley amendment safeguards tax reform for tax relief
Air Force Academy selects students from Cedar Falls, Sioux City, Madrid and Keokuk
Senators Press for Answers About Detained Illegal Immigrants
Chairman of DOE-backed electric car firm resigns - The Hill's E2-Wire
IRS: The Jester of the Sequester
Colleges and Money
I'm abt to b on WMT radio.
JusticeDept not updated own FOIAregs since 03 even tho responsible to oversee Govt wide compliance- makes mockery Obama transparency pledge
Congratulations to Molly Phillips to head Iowa Public TV  and her good work there for several yrs   Her UNI student daughter is proud
Grassley plans meetings in Iowa during Easter recess of Senate
Bipartisan Senate bill would encourage high achieving students
New Report on Smithsonian Employee Travel
Grassley Introduces Bill to Restore Consumer Choice for Cellphone Users
Leahy-Grassley cell phone unlocking bill gives Consumer choice abt wireless network service- we work for passage
Washington’s fiscal mismanagement
Some banks 'too big to jail'? Maybe yes, attorney general says
'Too big to fail' now is 'too big to jail'
NYU Using Tuition Dollars To Acquire Administrators’ Multimillion Dollar Homes
#99countymeetings SatNite StAnsgar AmLegion Speak special annual event honoring veterans who died last yr 90ppl  only few Qs VA health care
#99countymeetings  SatPM Charles City 71ppl  Budget ObamaCare Guns  FarmBill
#UNIPanthers women Illinois St ovr uni 28/23 half. This is only report bc I hv town meetings today in Charles city and st ansgar
USDA responds to Senators on Meat Inspector Furloughs
Grassley says agencies should find common-sense spending reductions and drop sequester scare tactics
Menendez, Grassley Introduce Bipartisan Measure to Strengthen Child Support Enforcement
Grassley not happy with USDA meat inspector furlough possibility
Thx 2 Richard O. Jacobson of DSM 4 $15 million gift to #unipanthers College of Education. Great news for students &  faculty.
Sen Levin will be missed when he lvs Senate especially for Congressional oversight He is strong ally for accountability. I thank for service
Speaker plannedfor sequester to keep Capitol tours open unlike WH- my office avail to help Iowans w Capitol tours&other DC tours
Reports from senators dinner w Pres Obama are positive-Pres listened& seemed to have cooperative attitude towards working w Congress. Amen
Holder concerned megabanks ‘too big to jail’
I support Chm Leahy's statement he will seek to subpoena drone docs. w/ Sen Paul filibuster shows Pres&Attygeneral must be held accountable
Senators Work to Close Loophole that Allows Terrorists to Stay in U.S.
Thanks to SenPaul for his 13hr speech on drone killing Hope it will get Obama  attn so he will answer myOct2011 ltr for docs on same subject
Senate internships applications due soon
Senators Bash DOJ for “Evasive” Response on “Too Big To Jail” – The Untouchables - FRONTLINE
Grassley's offices offer internships for college-age students
Judnoms being considered under Schumer rule set by dems- 7 filibuster votes on Estrada. ~170 Obama noms approved last year So stop crying
Grassley on sequestration: 'It's time to end the constant campaigning'
Harkin & Grassley: Iconic duo's clout felt far and wide
Sen. Grassley to be in North Iowa on Saturday
Senate internships available, applications due March 22
Q&A on “Too Big to Jail”
Grassley: Naval Academy Selects Ames Student
GAO reports on travel by Attorney General, FBI Director | Jamie Dupree Washington Insider
Senators: Justice Department 'aggressively evasive' on 'too big to jail' - The Hill's On The Money
On Sat message PresObama says Repubs must compromise on taxes to avoid sequester. Repubs did so Jan 1 $612B!! Now is time to cut $$
Senate internships available, applications due March 22
Sen. Grassley slams Holder and Mueller for jet-setting and hypocrisy - The Hill
Justice Dept. officials' air travel: $11M in four years
March 1 Our View: Grassley calls  for courtroom  transparency
Unsatisfactory Response from Justice Department on “Too Big to Jail”
In troubling economic times some good news: presObama announces start of US/EU freetradenegotiation/Japan announces joining. Trade=Jobs
Taken for a Ride
Listening to Pres news conf. MrPRES  u think more taxes more spending more jobs. Well govt xpends wealth Wealth created in private sector
Listening to pres Obama news conf.  Yes. Close loop holes to broaden tax base to do tax reform.  Don't close loopholes to spend more,Mr Pres
Why did Pres Obama wait til first day of sequester to seek sequester compromise?  Sequester was WH idea&law since 8/2/11
Sequester Scare Tactics Can't Mask Spending Realities
Sequestration Should Force Responsible Action
Senator Grassley discussing sequester on Senate floor now. Watch at http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Sen. Chuck Grassley: We will go into sequester
Grassley, Goodlatte Press Napolitano for Answers on Release of Illegal Immigrants from Detention
Grassley: New GAO Report Shows FBI Luxury Jets Used for Executive Travel, Not Counterterrorism Efforts
Grassley Presses for Details about Federal Courts’ Handling of Sequestration
Grassley on Sequester: Time for President to Focus on Spending Discipline | The Iowa Republican
Obama Memo on ‘Sensitive’ Jobs Stirs Whistle-Blower Fears
Inspector General to Audit NASA Agreement
Floor Statement of Sen. Chuck Grassley on Jack Lew, Treasury Secretary Nominee,  Prior to Senate Vote
Jane Kelly who. Obama nominated to 8th Circuit Ct of Appeals is now before Judiciary for confirmation
Fisker Driving Taxpayer Money to China?
Grassley Presses for Details about Justice Department’s Sequester Plans
Grassley comments on Hagel nomination
Tune in at 5:10 pm CT to Fox Business to see Senator Grassley and Gerri Willis discuss U.S. Treasury nominee Lew and oversight of Fisker.
Grassley Questions Meat Inspector Cuts Due to Sequestration
Lew, Treasury Nominee, Got Exit Bonus From N.Y.U.
Grassley Opposes Treasury, HHS Nominees in Committee
Grassley:  West Point Appoints Students from Dubuque, Davenport, Cedar Rapids, Coon Rapids
#UNIPanthers Denver ovr uni 63/57
#UNIPanthers half Denver ovr uni 32/27
#UNIPanthers men playing Denver on bracket buster
#UNIPanthers drake ovr uni 82/67
#UNIPanthers half drake ovr uni 48/39
#UNIPanthers play drake. Intrastate rivalry
#UNIPanthers women jackie kalin parents now r having nice luncheon thanking friends of uni community for support uni bb and Jackie
newtondailynews.com | Sen. Grassley tours Walter G. Anderson Inc. in Newton, Iowa
Enjoyed being interviewed on The Steele Report today.  Tune in at 10 am on March 3 to KWWL or http://t.co/Pq3VjMHLIb
Senators Push Trade Rep To Handle Russia Meat Ban
Grassley will vote against Hagel nomination as Defense Secretary
#UNIPanthers final score  uni 67/73 loss to creighton
#UNIPanthers women 37 creighton 43 half  Troy Dannen and Amy had a girl Ellie  he is great athletic director
Week of annual #99countymeetings ended w/ enjoyable mtg/tour of Walter G Anderson company in Newton.  Was 16th mtg this week.
#99countymeetings DSM Rotary 95 ppl Sequestration Gun control/ammo H-1B visa Keystone pipeline Cybersecurity Social Security Hagel Farm bill
#99countymeetings Adel DeSoto Minburn HS 175 students Qs: Environment Guns Obamacare Min wage Welfare Farm policy Nuclear energy Marijuana
Grassley:  Ames Student Selected by Naval Academy
Grassley Disappointed in Treasury Secretary Nominee's Responses
#99countymeetings 29 ppl Guthrie Center Q: Farm bill Benghazi Hagel Sequestration Term limits North Korea/Iran Guns Immigration EPA regs
#99countymeetings greenfield 41ppl   ObamaCare BlueCrossPrices FoodLabeling Budget SocSec F&F FarmBill ExecOrders Drones ForeignAid Cut more
Here's The Scoop - Chuck Grassley's eNewsletter
Winterset mtg 56ppl Q: PostOffice, debt, immigration,Hagel,Sequester, VA,no budget?Guns, Internet salestax,Egypt/f16s,VAWA #99countymeetings
56 ppl Indianola town mtg F&F, gun pro/against, Mental health, Benghazi, GlobalWarm, VAWA,sequester, pipeline, Immigration #99countymeetings
22 kidsKnoxvilleHS Q:immigration,DayinLifeofSenator, College$, Troopshome, Farming, GovtRegs, Obamacare, Gas$,Ethanol, Guns#99countymeetings
Grassley pushes for cap on commodity farm payments
Albia HS, 35 students, 5 teachers Topics: guns, rep. govt., citizenship, immigration, achievements, gay rights, marijuana. #99countymeetings
Senators turn the tables on Caymans investor Jack Lew
33ppl at Chariton town hall. Topics:Farm bill, Dodd-Frank,Medicare/EPA regs, immigration, UFOs, F&F, guns, sequester, CRP #99countymeetings
Osceola Town Meeting- 21 people, Qs abt Fast&Furious, Benghazi, impeaching Obama, SS, VAWA, NatlDebt, immigration, Senate approval of judges
TownMtg in Afton- 58ppl. Qs abt Sequester, spending, VAWA, FarmBill, SS, LineItem Veto, ClimChange, Egypt, guns, immigration, PreSchool cuts
At MtAyr HS/grades 7-12 at Q&A w Qs abt student loans, expectations 2nd Obama term,SS, guns, transparency in govt,Nuclear N Korea, Iran
25 ppl at town Mtg in Leon. Qs abt VAWA, HAgel, guns, police in schools, EPAregs, sequester,FarmBill, Benghazi, gas prices, recess appts.
Grassley comments regarding the President's remarks on the sequester
21ppl at Corydon town mtg. SocSec, TermLimits, GovtFraud, Hagel, Czars, EPA Reg, FarmBill, ObamaCare, Immigr, Guns #everycountyeveryyear
Obama's pick for treasury secretary grilled on NYU loan
Town mtg in Centerville- 49 ppl-Qs abt immigration, guns, def&debt,Medicaid xpansion, foreign aid, ethanol, govt reg, ExecOrders, filibuster
Grassley holding meetings this week in 16 Iowa counties
#UNIPanthers women uni wins ovr Bradley 70/45.
#UNIPanthers women half 25/21 uni ovr Bradley   Amazing  uni was behind 0/15 at begin
#UNIPanthers women vs  Bradley start 30 min
I back Obama initiative 4 US/Europe free trade agreement. Caution it must breakdown  barriers in ag especially Europe accepting GMO grain
AP ovr DNH final 32/24
AP 22DNH16 3rd q
AP 18 DNH 11  half.
AP 8. DNH 4 quarter @patgrassley here too
High school girls bb Aplington/Parkersburg vs Dike/NewHartford    AP vs DNH
Hagel vote doesn’t kill nom Gives time4 answers fr Obama on Benghazi& fin docs from Hagel. Full Senate only had 2days to consider nomination
I intro Senate Resolution against elimin of Olympic wrestling. GovBranstad leading efforts w DanGable Sign petition at http://t.co/vh2UjtnE
Grassley, Brown Senate Resolution Disapproves Proposal to Eliminate Olympic Wrestling
I will join any effort to turn around Olympic comm decision to drop wrestlingl. Iowa is capital of the sport. IOC shld b ashame
New GAO Report on Meth Ingredient Restrictions
Treasury secretary nominee still unfamiliar with Ugland House
Concern About Leveling Off of IRS Whistleblower Cases
Reaction to the State of the Union Address
Grassley, Johnson, Enzi, Brown Push for Legitimate Farm Payment Limits
SEC’s Revolving Door Blurs Line Between Regulator and Industry
Corporate wrongdoing should not be tax deductible
Grassley fighting to end Job Corps freeze » The Ottumwa Courier
Uncut: Sen. Chuck Grassley ‘On the Record’ - GretaWire
SEC’s revolving door
Lew to face questions over Cayman fund
Jack Lew, Cayman Islands
Newspaper stories about Harkin papers and where they may be donated brought up Q abt my papers. I picked UNI in 1988 to deposit mine.
Nice speaking and Q&A at Leadership Bfast of IowaPharmacistAssoc in Altoona. Lots Qs on health issues FarmBill  Deficit
I talked 2 @gretawire re:my request w/SenLeahy 4 WH 2 release legal opinion on targeted killingsof Americans. Hope u can watch. 9 pm in Iowa
Met with employees& toured Polk County EmerGency Ops Center in DSM this afternoon. Talked about emerg policies and budget& funding.
Leahy & Grassley Press Administration For Legal Justifications To Kill American Citizens Using Drones
Guthrie Center Town Meeting
Glad to welcome 2 my alma mater William Ruud as next president of the Univ. of Northern Iowa
Cong oversight of targeted killings resulted in PresObama releasing admin memos to intell cmtes. Shld incl Judiciary cmtes. Checks &balances
CMS Releases Final Rule on Physician Payment Disclosure
Iowa could lose millions on Russian ban of U.S. beef, pork imports
Senators Brown, Grassley press Justice Department on “too big to jail”
Are bankers are too big to jail?
Justice Department targets S&P - Jon Prior and Patrick Reis
Grassley: Make E-Verify checks mandatory for business
Lawmakers call for probe into 'botched' ATF sting in Milwaukee
GOP leaders challenge Obama's ATF nominee
Here's The Scoop, Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Health care spending and the federal budget
Senator Chuck Grassley's comment about President Obama’s comments today on the sequester and a budget package
Klobuchar, Grassley Reintroduce Legislation to Crack Down on Anti-Competitive Pay-for-Delay Deals
There R many lessons 2 b learned from 1986 immigration reform debate.  Read/watch my speechat http://t.co/NjsHmJGm
Just learned a friend Jordan Smith named "mountain states super lawyer rising star" LasVegas practice
Grassley: Iowa City Student Selected by Naval Academy
I appreciate exposure givenPaul Harvey’s Tribute to Farmers–he knew food grows on farms not in supermarkets&farmers are #1 stewards of land.
Why nothing on fiscal issues- budget, sequester&CR- even while SenReid plans floor action on gun bill in March? Jobs&econ need leadership
Grassley talks gun control with Glenwood students
Proud of granddaughter Shirley speckerman being baptized as follower of Jesus Watch at http://t.co/bIGjCBqG. She will be missionary in Kenya
Ok to b proud grandpa? Carrie grassley on Dike/NewHartford speech team won 3"ones" in state meet Sat  ThAt is @patgrassley little sister
#UNIPanthers women beat Evansville 75/64
#UNIPanthers women vs Evansville  Half 34/32 uni ahead
#UNIPanthers men uni win ovr Wichita state. 57/52
#UNIPanthers men half 23tie uni /Wichita st
#UNIPanthers Men vs Wichita St. Just starting  BB
Physician Payments Sunshine Act Regulations Released
I heard @patgrassley on WMT Radio program this AM with state rep Tyler Olson. very friendly. good interview
Russia acts in bad faith as new WTO member with unjust ban on US beef&pork. Admin needs aggressive response. US products safe.Science sound
Grassley plans meetings with Iowans in 16 counties
Russian ban on U.S. beef and pork exports
Grassley, Hatch, Alexander, Enzi, Pitts, Cassidy Seek Details of Long-overdue Attention to Federal Discount Prescription Drug Program
Grassley Introduces Legislation to Ensure Employers have Proven Tool to Verify Work Eligibility of Employees
Christy Romero carries on effective oversight-accountability work started by Neil Barofsky as SIGTARP. Looking out for public interest.
Treasury should listen to Romero. No excuse for bypassing ‘08 rules on exec $ at bailed out firms. SIGTARP work impt 4 taxpayers&Main
To Iowa house Repubs who want put Iowa right to Work law in constitution: guess who stopped my effort to do same in '67,, ironic  BUSINESS
Iowa House Repubs propose put Iowa Right to Work in constitution. GdLuck/I  agree. I proposed same after '65 Leg just abt repealed R to W.
U
Sorry to read of 92yr old Ambassador Max Kampelman dying. He was a person who worked real hard to free Jews fr USSR at time I crusaded same
Lack of HUD Transparency Causes Problems
Senators question U.S. penalties against Wall Street banks as too lenient
I applaud Japan for agreeing to Accept our beef. It's ridiculous that 8 yrs after a mad cow case that they used as an xcuse Our beef is safe
Stimulus spending &borrowing didn't work. Unemployment still near 8%. Time for spend reforms& to cut deficits to improve economy/create jobs
Grassley Outlines Shortcomings in Proposed IRS Whistleblower Regulations
Justice Department Pressed on “Too Big to Jail”
Concern Over Approval of Foreign Purchase of Taxpayer-Funded A123
Grassley Seeks Improvements from CFTC Inspector General’s Office
Runaway spending drives deficits and debts
Senators press for EU trade talks to address agriculture
Driver of deficit&debt is runaway sending. Need Pres Obama   to focus on spending problem like Sen Obama in 3-16-06 speech abt #debtceiling
Federal officials say Chelsea Housing misused $7 million in grants and they want the money back
Senator Grassley prods U.S. CFTC watchdog on sloppy auditing
There will b weather in Iowa today   So I'm flying bk to DC early
PresObama said a decade of war is ending War on Terror is 25yrs old It will continue PresKennedy said"it will be a long twilight struggle"
Our CommanderInChief shld not b so romantic about war to say"a decade of war is ending"(inaugural)when Americans die in Bengahzi/Algeria
I just had ph conversation w Senator Harkin about his announcement on not running 2014. I appreciate his calling  thanked him for serving Ia
Thank you to Senator Tom Harkin for his service. I wish him well.
Iowans don't brag(our sin)So we lucky DeltaAir does. Read Delta"Sky":"The Iowa Advantage" Find out how great Iowa is. Pass it on BRAG/PROUD
Protecting Whistleblowers in Criminal Antitrust Cases
I'm reminded how great John Deere is when I come here. U all shld take tour of the factory   There engineers are always looking way ahead
PresObama must reconsider lots of actions he's taken thru executive order in lite of DC Circuit over ruling him on appts Nixon tried same
I hope that Pres Obama will honor Constitution& oath now bc of Court over ruling him on appointment power  Best case since Truman&Youngstown
When DC Circuit over ruled Obama on declaring congress adjourned so he cld make recess appts Ct said he was unconstitutional Pull in ur horn
My son in law mark speckermann is retiring fr John Deere engime work in waterlloo after 37yrs being engineer. Nice party today for him
Just in case u have not heard, an appeals court ruled Obama's recess appointments to the NLRB were not legal bc Congress was in session.
Grassley on the SEC Chairman Nomination
Senate Judiciary Committee Leaders Introduce Legislation to Protect Whistleblowers in Criminal Antitrust Cases
Here's The Scoop - Senator Grassley's eNewsletter
Senator Grassley will be on 1360AM KSCJ in Sioux City at 8:30 am CT. Listen at http://www.kscj.com/streamplayer.html
Senator Grassley will be on 1630AM KCJJ in Iowa City at 8 am CT. Listen at http://www.ustream.tv/channel/kcjj-raw
If PresObama looked at debt limit same way as he did as a Senator we wld not hv such big natl debt. He was then agst debt increase
The POTUS and Congress shld welcome opportunity to debate debt limit. It historically has given officials opportunity to reexaminePriotities
S&P/Moody's/Fitch(not just Republicans)warn need for decreased spending or credit rating downgraded. PresObama why don't u show same concern
Senator Grassley moves to beef up whistleblower law
Grassley pushes White House on Sunshine Act regs - The Hill's Healthwatch
On a big day for Democrats, Iowa leaders note its importance to all
Inauguration Day: Iowans enjoy a day of laughter, music, sense spirit of unity
Grassley embarks on annual tour
#mcindc go Mohawks  glad  to visit w HS students
As we address violence in our society, should remember what PresReagan said --diminishing life of unborn diminishes all life. #prolife.
Grassley hears concerns during town hall meeting
Senator Grassley will be on 600AM WMT with Ryan Schlader at 10:30 am CT. Listen at http://www.iheart.com/live/917/?autoplay=true
IRS Announces Tax Penalty Relief for Farmers
Presidential Inauguration
Ceremony starting w sen schumer chair of comm speaking
Pres Obama now entering to loud cheers here and all way down mall
Jimmy and mrs carter now entering
Thank God not as cold as predicted two days ago
Supreme court now here
Cabinet now arriving
Pres Clinton and mrs Clinton entering
I last saw pres carter when he invited me speak to Baptist group in Atlanta few yrs ago. He looks good today
VP Biden now arriving
Too bad can't record memories of previous inaugurations as some of my colleagues discuss informally
Mall is filled thousands as far as u can see
A baseball era ends for me w death of Stan the man Musial  He was abt the only player I followed closely in baseball Still a Cardinal fan
I join House Repubs in increasing debt ceiling 4 just 3mos&no longer til Senate does a budget(none in 3yrs)/1st step 2 fisc Responsibility
Grassley Praises IRS Penalty Relief for Farmers
Enjoyed shaking hands w/and congrats to ~35 new citizens 2day.  Apprec. opportunity To speak at naturalization ceremony in Cedar Rapids.
Klobuchar, Grassley Renew Efforts to Combat Pay-for-Delay Deals Following FTC Announcement
#99countymeetings Abt 60 emplys at Kent/Muscatine  Trade,NewCabinetSecretaries, TaxReform, FutureSCtNoms,Debt,2016PresCandidates,FarmBill.
#99countymeetings DavenportWestHS 56students/teachers Issues: Fiscalcliff Guns SchoolSecurity Terrorism Benghazi GayMarriage PrayerinSchool
#99countymeetings yesterday at WendlingQuarries in DeWitt 53 ppl Issues: 401Ks Education Debt Gas$ CUTForeignAid Farmbill Guns
#99countymeetings Maquoketa HS-30 std/fclty. what programssuggest cut,Farm Bill, what Presshoulddo in 2nd,PellGr,marij,guns, police/schools
#99countymeetings IBM in DBQ. 33 employees forQ&A. immigration incl H1B,Iowa’s image,STEMinschools,infrastructure$,jobsfor ex-service people
#99countymeetings LorasCollege Q&A w/51 students. Natl Debt,FarmBill,ClimateChange,NObudget in Senate,GulfofMexico,Pipeline,FDAdoingits job?
#99countymeetings  MaquoketaValleyHS 177students/others. Guns,FiscalCliff,DebtCeiling,FarmBill,ObamaCare ,drug testing, SocSec,UNTre aty
Signing statement raises concerns for whistleblowers
West Virginia was 18 pts behind at a time  W lots of 3pters they tied w 1min left IowaSt won w layup 2sec left  go cyclones!!
CBO says by 2022, SS, Medicare&Medicaid will account for 55% all fed spending. Need President to lead on reforms to save tax$ AND programs
Grassley:  Iowa City Student Selected by Naval Academy
Message to Bloomberg TV. Go back to previous format 4 finance reporting I had wait 7min to get corn price previously just few seconds
Grassley Requests Penalty Relief for Farmers Due to Late Tax Season
Grassley: Better Tax Enforcement Needed Before Tax Increases
#99countymeetings newhampton 44ppl   Ethanol Guns Czars F&F debt limit&14thAmend Fed&monetary Horse Slaughter InterestRate ObamaCare Estate
#99countymeetings Aplington/ParkersburgHS 64Students Guncontrol,ObamaCare,FiscalCliff,FarmBill,ExportingJobs,Benghazi,F&F,Iran,NorthKorea
If President refuses 2 controlspending w/debtceiling, House should pass bill&request conf w/Senate. Congr must lead in absence Pres leadrshp
Grassley says raising the debt ceiling is not the answer
A conversation with Senator Grassley on this edition of Iowa Press.
From Iowa House of Representative I hear promises of bipartisan cooperation from both Dems and Rep. Something we ought to hear more in DC
Paying the Price in Settlements, but Often Deducting It
Open session of 85th General Assembly almost over  100 Representatives sworn in including my grandson @patgrassley for 4th term
Iowa house majority leader upmeyer says she hears from constituents government spends too much. We hear same thing about congress
Grassley to hold town hall meeting on Tuesday
I will be also attending opening session of Iowa legislature. Swearing in. Election of leaders. Also memories of my service in Iowa House
Just finish breakfast meeting in desmoines for Iowa legislators all enthused abt opportunity to serve their constituents
#UNIPanthers /hoops wichita st beats uni. 60/57
#UNIPanthers /hoops Wichita st 37/30 ovr uni half
#UNIPanthers /Hoops uni women v wichita st  starting now
Grassley Calls on Leaders to Involve All Members of Congress to Seek Fiscal Solutions
Thx to IPTV for opportunity 2 be on Iowa Press today. Don't forget 2 watch show tonite at 7:30 & noon on Sun in Iowa on Ia public TV.
New farm-bill forces in play: Grassley
Grassley on the Treasury Secretary Nomination
Grassley hopeful new chair will force Senate budget passage
#UNIPanthers UNI loses To Evansville 62/59
#UNIPanthers Eville 32/25 ovr UN I half
#UNIPanthers Evansville 23/18 ovr uni aftr  13min
#UNIPanthers men BB UN I v Evansville starting soon
Grassley plans Chickasaw County town meeting
#99countymeetings Qs at GrundyCenter.  Gay marriage Typical day in DC FiscalCliff SchoolBulling Marijuana Immigration ObamaCare Wind/solar
#99countymeetings GrundyCenterHS 120student/teacher Qs:
#99countymeetings WaverlyShellRock HS 2Classes Qs: my mail,working w PresObama,gun control,education,NorquistPetition,ObamaCare ,abortion
After I visited WaverlyShellRock HS I find that Kaleb Staack&SpencerDerifield tweeted abt my coming. Thanks. Encourage others to do same
SenDem leaders nearly4yrs w/o budget that law requires. No accountability 4spending&GoV’t Spend is problem. SenDs need2do job/present budget
Here's The Scoop - Chuck Grassley's eNewsletter
#99countymeetings MonticelloHS CONSTITUTION class Issues;   Gay marriage Drugs legal Gunrights FiscalCliff Bipartisanship ObamaCare SenReid
Trillion$ deficits continue w/no Plan 4 spending Reforms. Need leadership&work from President/Senate sooner not later Don't delay til March.
From WWII-2009 fedgovt spent abt 21% of total economy. In last 4 years govt consumed 24% of GDP.  Must reduce to save Amer DREam 4 next gen.
Pres/Cong need 2work on Wash spending prob. No time 2waste b/4 Mar. Pres promised tax hike is done. Now he needs 2keep promise 4 less spend
Grassley urges President, Congress to get to work on spending problem
Iowa Congress members differ on deficit fixes
Grassley says Obama needs to show leadership on budget issues
Grassley says farm bill extension is "second best option"
This week presObama got his campaign pledge tax hikes on the wealthy. He got that  Now what MrPresident?Join us in spending less
Now there are 20 women in Senate  highest ever. That's good for our nation and good for Senate
Grassley: Compromise did not address 'Washington spending problems'
Grassley on "fiscal cliff" vote: "We have a spending problem"
You can’t raise taxes high enouGH to satisfy appetite of Washington to spend$$. Need PResidential leadership 4Fiscal discipline.
When will Wash start work to control spending? Deal failed 2 do so& President made clear he wants more tax increases. Yet prob is spending
Senate Vote on Year-End Tax Plan
