ICYMI: Visited the 12 News studio to discuss #Cuba policy with Lin Sue Cooney 12News last night
NA
Great 60 Minutes profile on Tom Coburn. He's the kind of guy the founders had in mind when the #Senate was created.
Will be talking #Cuba policy on KTAR News' The Bruce St. James Show at 9:14 am #AZ time. Listen online at  http://ktar.com/streams/ktarfm.php
NA
NA
ICYMI: Today's press conference at the Capitol on the return of #AlanGross from #Cuba
Joined Fox News' Shepard Smith today to discuss #AlanGross' return from #Cuba
Discussing the return of #AlanGross on CNN The Situation Room
Joining Fox News' Shepard Smith at 3:05 EST/1:05 MST to discuss the return of #AlanGross from #Cuba
ICYMI: Spoke with NBC News' Andrea Mitchell Reports on today's return of #AlanGross from #Cuba
This is a wonderful day for Alan Gross, for his wife Judy and their family. The manner in which they have endured this nightmare is worthy of praise and admiration. It was an honor to be with Alan as he touched down on U.S. soil after more than five years in a Cuban prison. When I visited Alan last month, he expressed the hope that his ordeal might somehow lead to positive changes between the United States and Cuba. With today's significant and far-reaching announcements, I think it already has.
Sad to hear of the passing of former Phoenix Mayor John Driggs.  The Valley is a better place to live because of his service.
On trade, the President may move beyond his own party and work with the GOP. It's a good sign.
Today marks five years that #AlanGross has been held in a #Cuban prison. It's time to bring him home.
Senate passage of the Bill Williams River Water Rights Settlement marks yet another positive step forward in Arizona’s long history of proactive water management. If signed by the president, this settlement will help to foster economic growth in northwestern Arizona, while safeguarding the Hualapai tribe’s culturally significant water uses in the Big Sandy River basin. #Time2TalkH20
What do you see when you put U.S. Environmental Protection Agency spending under the microscope? Check out the #ScienceOfSplurging now at flake.senate.gov
For an agency keen to regulate every puddle from a rainstorm, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has proven itself remarkably inept when it comes to managing its own affairs. After years of handing out blank checks in the form of omnibus appropriations bills and continuing resolutions, it’s time for Congress to return to regular order and restore accountability at the EPA. #ScienceOfSplurging
What do you see when you put U.S. Environmental Protection Agency spending under the microscope? The #ScienceOfSplurging comes into focus Dec. 2
We are encouraged by today’s announcement that the Department of Veterans Affairs has permanently removed Sharon Helman, the former Director of the Phoenix VA Healthcare System, from the public payroll. This action was long overdue, but it finally sends the message to our veterans and VA employees that misconduct and mismanagement will not be tolerated at the VA, and people will be held responsible. The VA has a long way to go to win back veterans’ trust, and to reform its operations to deliver timely, quality care, but today’s action represents a positive step in the right direction.
Joining Fox News Radio 550 KFYI's Mike Broomhead at 8:32 a.m. MT to discuss how #Congress should respond to the president's #immigration executive order. Listen live at the link below.
#Tucson residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's bilingual office hours at the Sam Lena-South Tucson Branch Library TODAY from 10:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
As someone who supports broad reform to our immigration system, I'm very disappointed with the action the president is taking. It certainly doesn't seem like the right way to work with a new Congress.
Sahuarita residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Sahuarita Town Hall Council Chamber TOMORROW from 1 p.m. - 2 p.m.
Green Valley residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Green Valley Council Offices TOMORROW from 11 a.m. - 12 p.m.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's attempt to regulate water where there is none lacks even a drop of common sense. It’s a blatant power grab at the expense of Arizona’s landowners, businesses, and overall economy. The EPA ought to abandon the proposed rule without delay and go back to the drawing board.
Regular bipartisan meetings can help foster the kind of productive relationships that will be critical for the Senate to live up to its reputation as the world's most deliberative body.
As someone who supports broad reform to our immigration system, I'm very disappointed with the action I'm hearing the president will take. It certainly doesn't seem like the right way to work with a new Congress.
Senate action on behalf of Arizona and the other states that stepped up to ensure public access to national parks during the government shutdown is long overdue. With the committee’s approval in hand, I urge Senate leadership to allow for the swift passage of this commonsense, bipartisan bill.
We are finding this week that we have too many Senate Republicans to comfortably fit in the LBJ room.  Nice problem to have.
More on my and Senator Tom Udall's meeting with #AlanGross in #Cuba from last night's CNN The Situation Room. I also covered developments on #ISIL and #Ukraine.
Busy week in foreign relations. Getting ready to talk #Cuba, #ISIL and #Ukraine with Wolf Blitzer in the CNN The Situation Room at 6:07 ET.
To our nation's veterans - thank you for your service and your sacrifice on behalf of our freedom #VeteransDay
Mr. President, our borders are not secure, U.S. businesses are relying on foreign labor continue to struggle to fill positions across the spectrum of skill levels, our legal immigration channels remain plagued with backlogs, employers continue to lack tools to ensure their workforce is legal, and millions remain in the shadows. In recent legislation approved by the Senate, a hard fought compromise was reached coupling steps to address those here illegally with stringent border security requirements and other solutions. Unilateral executive action will ensure that border security issues are left unaddressed and no ground will be gained on fixes critical to the U.S. economy.
It’s shameful – but not surprising – that taxpayers are being shaken down for $300 million because Congress didn't have the backbone to end these wasteful subsidies. As I see it, this payoff is just trading one boondoggle for another.
KHAAAAAAAAAN you believe this?
Still much more to be done, but confronting whistleblower retaliation is a good step toward a culture change at the #VA
There is no cabinet official more consequential to #Arizona than the U.S. attorney general. The president's new nominee can expect a thorough vetting when he comes before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Will join News-Talk 92.3 KTAR's The Bruce St. James Show at 10:14 am PT to discuss US airstrikes in #Syria. Listen live online at player.liquidcompass.net/KTARFM 
ICYMI
It's nice to have National Taxpayers Union recognize what my wife has known for years - that I'm a cheapskate
This administration has a troubling tendency to advance rules and regulations like this one without fully understanding how they might negatively affect people’s lives. We're pleased to introduce legislation that requires a fair and transparent process on behalf of countless students who will feel the impact of this rule.
Questioning Secretary of the U.S. Department of State John Kerry during today's United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on the president's plan to confront #ISIL
I hope that the administration will change its mind and asks firmly for an AUMF and I hope Congress gives it.
Today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on #NetNeutrality
Sahuarita residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at Sahuarita Town Hall TOMORROW from 1 p.m. - 2 p.m.
Green Valley residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Green Valley Council Offices TOMORROW from 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.
NA
In my view, Congress’s role in foreign policy revolves around advancing three major goals:  First and foremost, it is our job to protect U.S. national interests by reinforcing U.S. leadership abroad.   Second, our national interest is best served when the U.S. promotes and supports the principle of liberty and the democratic process abroad.   Finally, just as with domestic policy, Congress should protect U.S. taxpayers from wasteful and egregious spending in our foreign policy.  More in my speech to the Council on Foreign Relations
Joined Morning Joe early today to discuss the president's plan to confront #ISIS #ISIL
I believe it is crucial to support both speech with which we agree, but more importantly, speech with which we disagree. Whether it has been campaign finance laws or flag burning, I have consistently opposed amending the Constitution to limit the First Amendment. 
NA
On the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, we remember those we've lost and those who still sacrifice to keep us free.
I agree with President Obama that #ISIS #ISIL must be confronted in Syria as well as Iraq.
With the announcement that he will act alone on immigration reform after the November elections, the president has made what was already a political move even more transparently political. Such action will make genuine reform of our immigration system even more difficult.
Teaming up with St. Mary's Food Bank Alliance to #GoOrange for hunger awareness. For more on how to help check out www.StMarysFoodBank.org  
At home in Arizona doing Jury Duty. Wondering how many people will answer when they call "Flake"
I’m pleased to support the passage of this bipartisan compromise to provide the #VA with additional resources and the flexibility necessary to give veterans the care they deserve.
The federal government should stop monkeying around with taxpayer dollars and just say no to such costly studies #primecuts
The Highway Trust Fund needs an overhaul, not another bailout. 
Greenlee County residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Greenlee County Courthouse Annex in Clifton TODAY from 2 p.m. - 3 p.m.
Graham County residents - having any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff's office hours at the Graham County General Services Building in Safford TODAY from 9 a.m. - 10 a.m.
Live near Globe and have any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Gila County Supervisors Office Monday from 2 p.m. - 3 p.m.
Taxpayers only take on more water when Congress bails out unnecessary spending like this #primecuts
Live near Bullhead City and have any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Bullhead City Senior Nutrition Center  TOMORROW from 2:30 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
Live near Wickenburg and have any problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Wickenburg City Hall TOMORROW from 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.
NA
While President Barack Obama should be doing more to halt the flow of unaccompanied minors crossing the border, Congress also needs to step up. The McCain-Flake CREST Act would both stem the present tide and prevent future waves of children from making the dangerous journey north.
I am pleased to have the support of my colleagues in taking this modest step toward developing a functioning private market for terrorism risk insurance and reducing dependency on the federal government.
Live near Sahuarita and are having problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at the Sahuarita Town Hall TODAY from 1 p.m. - 2 p.m.
Joined Fox News Radio 550 KFYI's The Nearly Famous Barry Young Show to discuss how President Barack Obama has more discretion to stem the flow of unaccompanied minors crossing the border than he's letting on.
What in San Juan Hill is the federal government doing funding this hunk-a-hunk-a burnin’ waste? #primecuts 
Joining Fox News Radio 550 KFYI's The Nearly Famous Barry Young Show at 9:06 PT to discuss how President Barack Obama can exercise his the powers to stem the flow of unaccompanied minors at the border now. List at the link below: 
Congress must act but Barack Obama also has the power to stem the flow of unaccompanied minors now. He ought to use it. 
Congress must act but Barack Obama has the power to stem the flow of UACs now. I'll discuss how on the #Senate floor at 4:50 ET / 1:50 PT. Watch live at the link below:
This bill aims to get ahead of the massive wildfire threat that plagues communities throughout the country by making fire suppression and proactive forest management priorities. Enacting this measure would prohibit the crippling practice of fire borrowing, while responsibly budgeting for wildfire management at levels commensurate with the size of the problem.
NA
The federal government will only stem the flow of unaccompanied minors to the United States when their parents see us sending them right back. This legislation gives the administration the flexibility that it has requested so it can begin to do just that.
Joined John McCain, John Cornyn and Senator Ted Cruz on the #Senate floor today to discuss how to end the surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border illegally, and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message. Watch below:
Will be in the #CenterSeat on Special Report with Bret Baier to discuss how to end the surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border illegally, and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message. The shows airs in Arizona from 3-4 pm. Here's a preview: 
On-air now with 104.1 KQTH's Jon Justice Show to discuss solutions to end the surge of illegal #immigration from Central America and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message. Listen at http://www.1041kqth.com/listen-live/
I joined PBS NewsHour's Gwen Ifill last night to discuss how to end the surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border illegally, and why Barack Obama's $3.7 billion proposal sends the wrong message.
Live now with News/Talk 92.3 KTAR's The Bruce St. James Show to talk solutions to end the surge of illegal #immigration from Central America. Listen at http://player.liquidcompass.net/KTARFM 
Congress ought to go cold turkey on smoked pork #primecuts
Congress needs to change what it can, as soon as it can, to ensure that these unaccompanied minors are sent home without delay.
Maybe next #July4th, the U.S. Department of State will settle for a Costco run. #primecuts
Taxpayers ought to be free and independent of wasteful and unnecessary federal spending; that truth is self-evident. #primecuts
On this somber anniversary, we remember the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots who ran into – not away from – an inferno, sacrificing themselves to protect the lives and homes of their neighbors. These brave souls are personification of the guts and selflessness that our state and our nation are built on; and they remain exemplars of all that is good, and brave, and decent in men. They are today, as always, in the thoughts and prayers of the citizens of Arizona.
Barack Obama sends the right message to Central America: “Do not send your children to the borders. If they do make it, they'll get sent back.” Now the U.S. Department of State needs to broadcast it.
My letter with Sen. Dianne Feinstein and 40 other senators calling on Barack Obama to send a clear, personal message to those seeking entry to the U.S. illegally that they will not receive special treatment when it comes to enforcing our immigration laws. 
18 months, 85 offered amendments later, I finally get a roll call vote in the world's most deliberative body.
If the U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A! is ever going to get its debt under control, cutting unnecessary federal spending like this should be our GOOOAAALLLLLL
Clean air and economic growth are not mutually exclusive. This bill would ensure a more certain regulatory environment that would allow businesses to protect much-needed jobs while ensuring that the Clean Air Act does exactly what it was designed to do – protect the public’s health.
Just spoke on Senate floor, asking President Barack Obama to make personal statement about children crossing SW border. 
Contrary to claims of bone-deep spending cuts, there is clearly plenty of fat left to be trimmed from the federal budget. The Senate also needs to hold agencies such as the IRS accountable before simply cutting a $126 billion check to fund them. I urge Democrats in the majority to let us debate and vote on these and all other amendments offered to the bill.
The stairway to hog heaven is a fast track to fiscal ruin. #PRIMECUTS
Having trouble with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at #Sahuarita Town Hall tomorrow between 1 p.m. and 2 p.m.
Having trouble with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency?  I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at the #Yuma County Administrative Building tomorrow between 4 p.m. and 5 p.m.
Having problems with Social Security, Veterans Affairs or another federal agency? I may be able to help. Please stop by my staff office hours at Scottsdale Mustang Library tomorrow from 3:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.
NA
NA
To restore veterans’ trust and confidence in the VA, individual employees must be held accountable. The FBI’s investigation is a positive signal; but, wherever the evidence shows that crimes have been committed, they must follow through and prosecute those responsible to the fullest extent of the law.
Our veterans have not been getting the care they were promised and that they deserve. This bill holds the VA accountable, helps solve the problems that have plagued the VA health system, and gives vets a choice in where they get their healthcare.
President Obama must make clear that there are consequences for illegal immigration. The president’s lax enforcement of U.S. immigration law is a contributing factor to the increase in the number of unaccompanied children crossing the U.S. border and the resulting humanitarian situation.
The images and videos of illegal migrants being released by Border Patrol into Arizona are disturbing. After years of struggling to secure the Arizona border with Mexico, it is unfathomable that this administration would transfer and then purposely release illegal migrants from Texas into Arizona. We are demanding additional information from Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and have requested a hearing by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs to investigate this situation.  What we have learned in the interim is that the situation is more complicated than that of a simple transfer of undocumented migrants from South Texas to Nogales.  The reality is that there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people from Central America – so-called Other than Mexicans (OTMs) – attempting to illegally enter the United States, in some cases fleeing violence and poverty in their home countries. Because of difficulties in dealing with these Central American nations, it often takes weeks and sometimes months to deport these individuals back to their home countries. Adding to this complication is the fact that the overwhelming majority of those who were transferred to Nogales for processing were parents traveling with children or unaccompanied minors, who, according to federal law, must be reunited with a family member wherever possible.  The dramatic increase in the number of people attempting to cross our southern border illegally monthly – from 28,672 in January 2014 to 60,703 in May 2014 – has overwhelmed the resources of the Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Compounding this problems is the number of unaccompanied minors and migrants attempting to enter from Central America.  To be clear: These individuals being apprehended by the Border Patrol are not eligible to remain in this country legally and, in fact, would not qualify for legal status or a chance to earn citizenship in the immigration reform legislation passed by the Senate last year. In addition, that legislation would have provided $4.5 billion for technology for cameras, sensors, drones, and towers as recommended by the Border Patrol; 20,000 additional Border Patrol agents; 350 miles of additional fencing, and tripled the funding for Operation Streamline for mandatory prosecutions of illegal border crossers.  For too long this administration has been preoccupied with telling Americans the border is as secure as ever. These events prove it is not.”
My Phoenix staff will be holding office hours Thursday, June 12th in Prescott Valley. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency or if you just want to get a message to me.  PRESCOTT VALLEY 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Prescott Valley Town Hall, Room #433 7501 East Civic Circle Prescott Valley, AZ   For more information contact my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891
Accountability must accompany reform if we are to restore faith in #VA. Last week, I joined a bipartisan coalition of 21 senators to renew the call for a DOJ criminal investigation.
Seventy years on, nothing inspires awe and gratitude like listening to veterans share memories of D-Day. On this solemn anniversary, we thank those veterans who put everything on the line for their country and honor those who are no longer with us.
Good news: Choice Card provisions remain in bipartisan #VA reform bill. Vets need choice in health care if VA can't deliver.
Taxpayers in Arizona and across the country are counting on us to say no to dumb or wasteful spending projects.  Until we do, we'll never change the culture of Washington. I appreciate the work Citizens Against Government Waste does in calling attention to the need for smaller government and smarter use of taxpayer money.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Chester Nez. The last of the Navajo Code Talkers is now gone.  What a great legacy.  #AZ
The McCain-Coburn-Burr-Flake #VeteransChoiceAct is the #VA fix supported by the American Legion, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, AMVETS National Headquarters and Concerned Veterans for America. Let's vote.  
Congress can take the first step to ensure veterans choice and flexibility by passing the #VeteransChoiceAct.
While the national scandal involving scheduling irregularities in VA facilities around the country deserves swift attention, and those responsible need to be held accountable, we cannot take our focus off the fact that there are still veterans awaiting care. Instead of lengthy wait times or secret lists, this legislation provides much-needed flexibility for veterans to get the care they need in a timely fashion.
About to join News/Talk 92.3 KTAR's Rob & Karie to discuss the latest on the #VA. Listen live at http://player.liquidcompass.net/KTARFM
President has accepted Sec. Shinseki's resignation.  Good move. Now let's fix the problems. #VA
I join Senator McCain in calling for General Shinseki to resign and, if he does not resign, for the president to ask for his resignation.
Congress shouldn't be so quick to forget the waste and corruption associated with #earmarks.
Just because this #WRDA isn't driven by earmarks doesn't mean it's good for taxpayers. 
The president’s comments do little to take the sting out of the revelation that the VA’s inspector general is now investigating 26 veterans’ health facilities nationwide. It is becoming clear that scheduling irregularities were not confined to the Phoenix VA, but appear to be part of a system-wide problem within the VA. I question how such a growing scandal could have gone unnoticed, and whether the inspector general has sufficient resources to handle the widening probe.   While we await the results of the investigation into what took place in Phoenix, I believe individual investigations will need to be coupled with a thorough, systematic review of the entire VA.
I hope those in charge at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs are as interested in fixing what's wrong as they are in minimizing the political fallout
If these allegations are confirmed, anyone behind an effort to cover-up these wait times and interfere with the truth coming out need to be held accountable. Heads should roll.
NA
"Yet only the staunchest deficit hawks, Republican Senators Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, Jeff Flake of Arizona and United States Senator Mike Lee of Utah, voted against beginning debate on the [tax extenders] bill."
It's time to kill the #ZombieTaxCredit #PTC
Congress must act now to increase transparency and combat fraud within the asbestos-settlement system if future victims of asbestos-related injuries are to be protected.
With Honor Flight Arizona at WWII Memorial. 100 year old veteran Arnold Schroeder tells his remarkable story. #HonorFlight
NA
My Phoenix staff is holding office hours TODAY in Prescott and Prescott Valley. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency or if you just want to get a message to me.  PRESCOTT 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m Prescott City Hall 201 South Cortez Street Prescott, AZ 86303  PRESCOTT VALLEY 2:15 p.m. - 3:15 p.m. Prescott Valley Town Hall 7501 East Civic Circle Prescott Valley, AZ 86314  For more information contact my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891
NA
NA
Pleased to lend my support to Tom Coburn and Mark Udall effort to preserve the ban on #earmarks.
ICYMI: Yesterday I joined Rob & Karie on News/Talk 92.3 KTAR to discuss the latest on the Phoenix VA investigation. Listen below.
NA
Joining the Rob and Karie Show on News/Talk 92.3 KTAR at 2:40 pm to discuss the latest on the investigation into the Phoenix VA Health Care System. Stream the interview live at the link below.
My Tucson staff is holding office hours Thursday, May 1 in Douglas and Sierra Vista. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency or if you just want to get a message to me.  DOUGLAS, AZ 12:00 p.m. MST - 1:00 p.m. MST Douglas City Hall, Council Chambers   425 East 10th Street Douglas, AZ 85607              SIERRA VISTA, AZ 2:00 p.m. MST - 3:00 p.m. MST Sierra Vista Public Library 2600 East Tacoma Street Sierra Vista, AZ 85635  For more information contact Gaby Gonzales in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633
ICYMI: Good editorial by azcentral on forest health.
As deeply disturbing allegations continue to surface regarding patient care at the Phoenix VA Health Care Center, including reports that the deaths of forty veterans may be related to delays in care, Congress must fulfill its responsibilities to get to the truth without delay. Our nation has a duty to provide the best quality of care to those who have served and sacrificed on our behalf, and we must hold accountable anyone who would break that solemn obligation.
NA
NA
Vote to keep the #earmark ban in place by retweeting  Speaker John Boehner at the link below.
My Tucson staff is holding office hours tomorrow - Thursday, April 17 - in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  GREEN VALLEY, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Green Valley Council Offices  555 N La Canada Dr #117  Green Valley, AZ 85614  SAHUARITA, AZ 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way Sahuarita, AZ 85629  For more information contact Melissa Martin in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633
Tax day is another unfortunate reminder of the need to reform our burdensome tax code. Too much time, money and effort is spent complying with a tax code that is jam-packed with special-interest carve-outs and disincentives for economic growth. Congress should make it a priority to construct a simple and efficient pro-growth tax system.
ICYMI: The Elite #8ofWaste was featured on Fox News'  Special Report with Bret Baier last evening.
Sen. McCain and I are outraged and saddened by the latest reports of mismanagement and neglect in the Phoenix VA Health Care System. It is unconscionable that officials at the Phoenix VA reportedly would allow a level of systemic failure that resulted in delays linked to the deaths of up to 40 veterans who were awaiting medical care, and then allegedly tampered with documents to cover it up. To get to the bottom of these whistleblower reports, which our offices have been actively investigating for months, we request that the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee initiate an investigation and hold hearings as soon as possible. Our nation has a duty to provide the best quality of care to those who have served and sacrificed on our behalf, and we must hold to account those responsible for breaking faith with that solemn obligation.
Honored to meet with Arizona’s Military Officers Association of America (MOAA) delegation today. Thank you for your service! #Storming2014
Contrary to claims of bone-deep spending cuts, there is clearly plenty of fat left to be trimmed from the federal budget. It is my hope that the Senate will consider this year’s spending bills in a timely, open and transparent manner that will allow for the elimination of this kind of waste.
More on my bill to halt the IRS's latest attempt to quash free speech in today’s Arizona Daily Star #TaxDay
My Phoenix staff is holding office hours Wednesday, April 9 in Tempe. Information about time and location is below. No appointments necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  TEMPE, AZ 2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. Tempe History Museum 809 East Southern Avenue Tempe, AZ 85282  For more information contact Nick Hecker in my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891.
With your help, we've whittled down the Elite #8ofWaste to the Showy Staters and the Ghost Town Recons. So which of these egregious examples of waste deserves to be crowned the 2014 Champion of Waste -  $5 million for custom-designed State Department stemware or $34 million for an overseas military facility that the military didn't want, doesn't need and won't use? Vote in the comments section below.
Talking water policy during a roundtable discussion at the The Arizona Chamber of Commerce & Industry #Time2TalkH20
What is the more egregious waste of your taxdollars - $1.3 million for the federal government to buy alcohol or $34 million for the Department of Defense to build a top-of-the-line facility that the military didn't want, doesn't need and won't use? Write your pick in the comments section below. #8ofWaste #FinalFour
Congratulations to Central Arizona Project on the 20th anniversary of the Lake Pleasant Storage Reservoir. Thanks to those who planned CAP and Lake Pleasant, Arizona is fortunate to have a stable water supply now, and to be well positioned to address future water needs. #Time2TalkH20 
NA
What is the more egregious waste of your taxdollars - $130,000 for the Baltimore Ravens to hock #Obamacare or $5 million for custom, State Department stemware? #8ofWaste #FinalFour
The ReLIEF Act would allow health insurance providers to offer catastrophic plans to everyone and would deem these plans as meeting the minimum essential coverage requirement under #Obmacare.  My goal is to provide affordable insurance options and to give individuals who don’t want or need more expansive coverage options when purchasing insurance plans. 
My Phoenix staff is holding office hours Friday, April 4 in Chandler and Scottsdale. Information about times and locations is below. No appointments necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  CHANDLER, AZ 10:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Chandler Public Library, Copper Room 22 S Delaware St.  Chandler, AZ 85225  SCOTTSDALE, AZ  2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. Scottsdale Civic Center Library, Silver Room 3839 North Drinkwater Boulevard Scottsdale, AZ 85251  For more information contact Nick Hecker in my Phoenix office at (602) 840-1891.
Are you one of the millions being squeezed by #Obamacare’s new mandates? My #ReLIEF Act will help. Discussing on the #senate floor now.
NA
And the Ghost Town Recons get the win. Thanks for voting! Check back tomorrow when my Elite #8ofWaste #FinalFour tips off between the O'Care Hawkers and the Showy Staters.
While there is still a ways to go before they are adequately staffed, I am pleased to see Arizona ports among those set to receive additional U.S. Customs and Border Patrol officers. Ensuring adequate staffing at Arizona’s ports – especially the new Mariposa crossing in Nogales – will maximize cross-border trade.
$5 million for U.S. Department of State stemware? $34 million a U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)  facility that the military didn't want, didn't need and won't ever use?   No  #AprilFoolsDay pranks here. These real-life examples of wasteful federal spending and more in my Fox & Friends Elite #8ofWaste recap.
NA
Last spot for the #FinalFour is up for grabs in today's Elite #8ofWaste matchup. What do you think is a more egregious waste of your taxdollars - $34 million on a military facility the military didn't want, didn't need, and won't ever use or $1.5 million to store 18 million undistributed EPA brochures, pamphlets and publications? Cast your vote in the comments section.
Tune into Fox & Friends tomorrow at 6:15 am EDT for my Elite #8ofWaste bracketology session with Brian Kilmeade, Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Steve Doocy
Today's matchup of the Elite #8ofWaste is between the Showy Staters and the USDA Pizza Ruts. Which is the bigger waste of your taxdollars - State Department stemware or a USDA study on U.S. pizza consumption? Vote in the comments section below.
Looks like the Beltway Boozers can punch their ticket to the #FinalFour in my Elite #8ofWaste. Thanks for voting! Next matchup tips off soon.
Today’s Elite #8ofWaste matchup pits the Beltway Boozers against the D.O.E. GasGuzzlers. What do you consider a more egregious waste of taxpayer dollars - $1.3 million for alcohol or $700,000 for alternative fuel vehicles that the government fuels with regular gasoline? Share your pick in the comments section below.
My Tucson staff is holding office hours Monday, March 31 in Douglas, Bisbee and Sierra Vista. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are recommended but are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  DOUGLAS, AZ 10:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Executive Room, Douglas City Hall  425 East 10th Street Douglas, AZ   BISBEE, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Mayor’s Office, Bisbee City Hall 118 Arizona Street Bisbee, AZ   SIERRA VISTA, AZ  1:30 p.m. - 2:30 p.m. Sierra Vista Public Library 2600 East Tacoma Street Sierra Vista, AZ  For more information contact Gaby Gonzalez in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633.
The O’Care Hawkers are moving on in the Elite #8ofWaste. Thanks for voting! Next matchup tips off soon...
Tip off time for my Elite #8ofWaste Tournament! Tell me what team you think represents a more egregious waste of your taxdollars - the O'Care Hawkers or the Amtrak FreeRiders?
Human Rights International "Human Rights Hero" Deanie Wlodek
Get your brackets ready! My Elite 8 of Waste Tournament tips off tomorrow. Vote here on Facebook of on Twitter using #8ofWaste.
NA
NA
NA
NA
I am pleased to announce that on Saturday, #WorldWaterDay, I am launching a yearlong conversation on domestic and international water issues. This project will focus on bringing attention to water-security challenges with an eye toward identifying effective policies that could inform water-management decisions.
My Tucson staff is holding office hours Thursday, March 20 - in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below. Appointments are not necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  GREEN VALLEY, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Green Valley Council Offices  555 N La Canada Dr #117  Green Valley, AZ 85614  SAHUARITA, AZ 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way Sahuarita, AZ 85629
As the recipient of annual billion-dollar bailouts, the least Amtrak can do is justify #AmtrakResidency free riders to taxpayers.
Good discussion today with Bill Gates on global health issues.  The #GatesFoundation does great work in #Africa.
NA
I’m pleased to introduce this bipartisan bill on behalf Arizona and the other states that stepped up to ensure public access to national parks during the government shutdown. I look forward to its prompt passage.
NA
Amtrak ought to stop taking free rides from taxpayers before giving them out to bloggers #AmtrakResidency 
My Tucson office staff is holding office hours Tuesday, March 11 in SaddleBrooke. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.   Where: Pinal County Sheriff Substation             63701 E. SaddleBrooke Blvd., Suite C             Tucson, AZ 85739  When: Tuesday, March 11             9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m.  Appointments are not necessary but are recommended. For more information contact Melissa Martin in my Tucson office at (520) 575-8633.
The White House Easter Roll ticket lottery opens today and will close on Monday, March 10, at 7:00 a.m MST. Signing up for the lottery is free of charge and can be done at www.recreation.gov.  
Great to have the @UACRs #BearDown on Capitol Hill today. Keep up the good work at @UofA! pic.twitter.com/OTIbjj4uQx
Dalai Lama
While we recognize that today's fiscal climate will require difficult decisions, we do not accept that those decisions should be driven by federal energy and environmental policies that are advanced at the expense of the NFHS' s core mission.
I hope we don’t move forward with this nomination. I hope my colleagues will join me and others in voicing opposition to this nomination moving ahead.
Arizona National Association of Counties Breakfast
President's budget long on spending, short on responsibility.  Another missed opportunity.
My kids aren't impressed by much, but a shark selfie with @mcuban, that'll do it.
The IRS needs to wait until the House, Senate and Justice Department investigations are complete before finalizing new rules.
I am pleased that the House overwhelmingly approved the companion bill to the Flake-Roberts Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act. The Senate ought to take up and pass the Flake-Roberts bill without delay.
With @BenAffleck before today’s #Congo hearing. Last time we met I prevailed in a charity pushup contest. Now he’s #Batman. Touché.
Taxpayers are sure to get bees in their bonnets if we keep letting folks catch subsidies with honey.
“Rather than evoking confidence and fairness in our nation's tax administration, the proposal regarding political activity suggests the agency's attack on social welfare organizations because of their political views is alive and well.”
“An increase in the debt limit should be accompanied by structural reforms that deal with excess spending.  This measure did not."
"...for goodness' sake, when deficit reduction measures get signed into law, surely at some point we need to stand by them."      
“The Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act will prevent this rule or any other that seeks to continue the targeting of groups based on their ideology. It’s time to end the intimidation and harassment. Let’s preserve the First Amendment rights of all groups, regardless of their ideology, especially those that commit themselves to improving our society. And let’s restore the public’s faith in the ability of the IRS to fairly administer our nation’s tax laws.”
A government-funded handout by another name is still a government-funded handout.
“Taxpayers in Arizona, Colorado, New York, South Dakota, Tennessee and Utah essentially paid twice to operate the parks. Most of the costs to operate the parks are obviously personnel. The Appropriations Act of 2013 retroactively backfilled the salaries, so that represents a windfall to the department. Now we in Arizona would like, as was done in the 1990s during the previous shutdown, to be reimbursed for those costs...” 
Who needs the Super Bowl when you have Weezer at the Phoenix Open
NA
NA
President Obama’s pen won’t put Americans back to work. Sound fiscal policy, not more government and gimmicks, will. While I’m pleased the president supports immigration reform and is finally focusing on trade, circumventing Congress won’t foster job creation and won’t result in economic growth. I hope that in the coming year, the president will work with – not against – Congress in these endeavors.
Meeting with Mohave County Supervisors @Hildy Angius and Steve Moss in Kingman. #DayInTheLife
Meeting with Mayor Watson and Kingman City Council @CityofKingman #DayInTheLife
Meeting with Bullhead City Mayor Jack Hakim and Community Leaders  @Bullheadinfo #DayInTheLife
Big thanks to Mohave County Supervisor Buster Johnson for schlepping us around all morning #DayInTheLife
Luncheon Hosted by  Lake Havasu Chamber of Commerce: @HavasuChamber. #DayInTheLife
Briefing and Tour of Mark Wilmer Pumping Plant Central Arizona Project: @CAPArizona. #DayInTheLife
Arriving in Lake Havasu City #DayInTheLife
Good meeting with the Southern Arizona Leadership Council. #DayInTheLife
Speaking at Tucson Federal Bar Association luncheon. #DayInTheLife
Serious reflection @UofA Mirror Lab #DayInTheLife
Enjoyed speaking to the Southern AZ Homebuilders Assn. #DayInTheLife
Tucson Day. Thanks @wakeuptucson and @jonjustice for having me on this morning. #DayInTheLife
I could not vote for this bill because it spends too much and is full of the same tired gimmicks we’ve seen over the years.
NA
My staff is holding office hours tomorrow - Thursday, Jan. 16 - in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below, and appointments aren't necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or if you just want to get a message to me.  Green Valley, AZ  11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Green Valley Council Offices  555 N. La Canada Drive, Suite 117  Sahuarita, AZ  1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way
Relief from the unaffordable cost of Obamacare coverage ought to be available to everyone, not just to a select patchwork of individuals chosen by the president.
Pleased to see intro of TPA in Senate today. Increased free trade will create jobs, raise living standards http://ow.ly/sqB9J
Thanks to the Energy and Natural Resources Committee for passing the stewardship contracting bill I sponsored with Sen. McCain to help reduce wildfire risk. I hope the full Senate acts soon to pass this legislation.
While I admire the effort to craft a compromise on the budget, and believe the Senate needed an opportunity to debate the bill, I simply couldn't support a budget agreement that trades spending increases today for potential spending cuts years down the road. We've seen that movie before, and we know how it ends.
Update: Due to last week's inclement weather in D.C., I'll be delivering an address on U.S. trade policy at the American Enterprise Institute this Wednesday, Dec. 18, at 11 a.m.
In 2005, Congress bought into the corn ethanol mandate for billions of dollars, and taxpayers have been stuck with a lemon ever since. Congress can no longer justify a policy that props up the ethanol industry at the expense of taxpayers, consumers, the hungry and the environment. I am pleased to cosponsor The Corn Ethanol Mandate Elimination Act of 2013, which calls for a full and immediate repeal of that policy.
Pleased to be delivering an address on U.S. trade policy at the American Enterprise Institute tomorrow (Tuesday) at 10 a.m.
One of the true giants of the past century has passed. President Mandela's courage, perseverance, optimism and moral leadership have blessed not only his beloved country, but the entire world.
It’s a sad day in the Senate when Democrats are willing to ignore 225 years of precedent to distract attention away from the failures of Obamacare.
My staff is holding office hours today (November 21) in Green Valley and Sahuarita. Information about times and locations is below, and appointments aren't necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or just want to get a message to me.  Green Valley, AZ  11:30 am - 12:30 pm Green Valley Council Offices  555 N. La Canada Drive, Suite 117  Sahuarita, AZ            1:00 pm - 2:00 pm Sahuarita Town Hall Media Room 375 West Sahuarita Center Way
What do more than 40 of the richest Americans on the Forbes 400 list have in common? They have collected millions of taxpayer dollars in agriculture subsidies, according to a new report from the Environmental Working Group.   This is unfortunately only the latest report showing that multi-billion dollar agriculture subsidy programs are funneling taxpayer dollars into the pockets of millionaires and billionaires.    As the House and Senate continue farm bill negotiations, this information should serve as the nail in the coffin of direct payments – a now openly ridiculed $5 billion a year subsidy found to have been paid to the rich, the urban, the non-farming, and sometimes even the dead.      Despite the waste that continues to surface in agriculture subsidy programs like direct payments, one of the largest of those programs refuses to open its books to the very public who funds it. Federal crop insurance is a program in which taxpayers cover the majority of the risk, pay private insurance agents’ commissions to sell and administer individual policies, fund the oversight of the program, and – on top of all that – are expected to spend $7 billion to subsidize two-thirds of the policyholders’ premiums in 2013.    http://ht.ly/qAKC9   During the farm bill debate, I offered a bipartisan amendment with Sen. Mark Begich of Alaska that would have allowed taxpayers to see who in particular is collecting these crop insurance subsidies. Unfortunately the amendment was blocked and transparency continues to elude the federal crop insurance program. After reading today’s report, I can see why.
The Obama Administration is claiming that the problems with Obamacare stop at website glitches. But the website issues are really just he tip of the iceberg.
Easy way to #shutdown wasteful spending: eliminate direct farm payments. I wrote a letter with several colleagues to Senate leadership urging that direct payments be eliminated in any farm bill brought to the floor.
Four succinct reasons why I oppose #Obamacare.
My staff is holding office hours tomorrow (September 19) in Cochise County. Information about times and locations is below, and appointments aren't necessary. Stop by if you need help with a federal agency, or just want to get a message to me.  Benson 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. Southeast Arizona Economic Development Group 168 E. 4th St.  Bisbee 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. Bisbee City Hall, in the mayor’s office 118 Arizona St.  Douglas 4:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Douglas Public Library 560 E. 10th St.
Figured I’d start off the first week after the state work period back in Washington by introducing important legislation to delay the implementation of Obamacare. S. 1490 will delay for a year all of Obamacare’s provisions going into effect on Jan. 1, 2014 or later, including, among others, the individual and employer mandates of Obamacare, as well as all taxes associated with the law.   Given that Obamacare provides various waivers and exemptions, and that the president himself concedes the bill is not ready to be implemented, it’s clear to me that a total delay of Obamacare is the fairest and most realistic plan to prevent the law from wreaking havoc on all Americans.
NA
NA
NA
Sen. McCain and I wrote to President Obama again today, asking him a second time to consider Gov. Brewer's request for a federal disaster declaration for the Yarnell Hill Fire. More information below.
Thanks very much to the following individuals and organizations for their letters supporting the bill I introduced (S. 1300) that would help reduce wildfire risks by extending federal agencies’ authority to enter into forest stewardship contracts. The support was greatly appreciated yesterday during the Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee hearing on public lands bills. Hoping that we can get this useful tool reauthorized after the Congressional recess.   Coconino County Gila County Graham County Navajo County Arizona State Senator Steve Pierce Town of Payson Mayor, Kenny Evans City of Scottsdale Mayor, Jim Lane City of Williams City of Flagstaff The Flagstaff Chamber of Commerce The Economic Collaborative of Northern Arizona The Flagstaff Forty Eastern Arizona Counties Organization The Agri-Business Council of Arizona Salt River Project The 4FRI Stakeholder Group
The Senate is gearing up for a big debate on tax reform. Here are my goals and priorities.
Introduced a bill today to give small businesses – which are the backbone of our economy – greater certainty going forward with regard to taxes. More information below.
Yesterday, I introduced a bill with Senator John McCain to help reduce wildfire risks. azcentral.com has more details.
Video of the remarks I made on the Senate floor today in memoriam of the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots killed in the Yarnell Hill fire. I was proud to be able to further honor these brave men.
I am sick at the news of the deaths of 19 firefighters battling the Yarnell Hill fire. It is an unspeakable tragedy for a town like Prescott and the surrounding communities to lose so many. My heart goes out to the firefighters’ families. We are in touch with the White House and federal agencies to ensure that all necessary federal resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
Arizonans have had to wait far too long for Congress to take action to fix our broken immigration system, so I am pleased to support the passage of the Senate immigration reform bill. While neither side of the aisle got everything it wanted, the bill goes a long way toward securing our borders, modernizes our legal immigration system, spurs economic growth and provides a tough-but-fair solution to those here illegally. Now, it’s time for the House to act.
Great news for Arizona: The Air Force will locate three additional squadrons of F-35 fighter aircraft at Luke Air Force Base in Glendale. The three squadrons announced today are in addition to the three squadrons the Air Force selected to base at Luke AFB last August.  I’m glad to see the Air Force taking advantage of the unique attributes our state has to offer, making good use of the climate and environment to better enhance the defense of the nation. I welcome the squadrons’ personnel and their families to Arizona.
Spoke with U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell today during a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing (video of our exchange is linked to this post).   I stressed that we need proactive forest management on federal lands – a vital part of which is the reauthorization of stewardship contracting authority – to help restore healthy forests and better manage the wildfires that continue to threaten Arizona’s communities. I was pleased by Chief Tidwell’s comments, and I urge the Forest Service and BLM to support efforts to improve this important tool.
While the argument can be made that most – if not all – taxes are burdensome, there is often one especially onerous tax that comes to mind: the death tax. This is the tax imposed on the transfer of the "taxable estate" of a deceased person. In addition to being overly burdensome to families and businesses, the death tax only contributes less than 1 percent to overall federal tax revenue.    I cosponsored a bill today introduced by Sen. John Thune of South Dakota that would permanently eliminate the death tax. Fully repealing this tax will allow families and businesses greater financial certainty, while also growing the U.S. economy. Economist Douglas Holtz-Eakin estimates that elimination of the tax would result in the creation of 1.5 million private sector jobs, and reduce the unemployment rate by nearly a whole percentage point.    It’s time we put this tax six feet under.
I’m recommending that Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus and Ranking Member Orrin Hatch compel the testimony from a high-ranking IRS Cincinnati office official, Cindy Thomas.  Especially since the testimonies of former IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman and then-Acting Commissioner Stephen Miller left wide gaps as to whom exactly were involved in this debacle, I encourage Chairman Baucus and Ranking Member Hatch to call Ms. Thomas to testify.   The recent reports of excessive spending by the agency when combined with the targeting of conservative groups clearly demonstrate that the IRS has been greatly mismanaged. Given her management of applications for tax-exempt status, Ms. Thomas would be a useful witness in determining exactly how this targeting began, and who gave the order to initiate it.
Though I’m sure this last week has been a nightmare for her, I’m thankful that Mrs. Maldonado’s clear innocence was proved and that she is now home safe with her family.
Today, we honor those who have fallen while protecting us all. Our way of life, our loved ones, our freedoms. Today, we mourn these brave soldiers, but are grateful for all they have done to make sure the U.S. flag still flies high.
My colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to pass the immigration reform bill last night. I know that the bill – which reflects a compromise between Republicans and Democrats – needs work. In order to pass both the Senate and the House, and, more important, to help finally fix our country’s immigration problems, the bill still has a long way to go. But allowing this bill to be considered with a full and open amendment process significantly strengthened it. Considering the bill on the Senate floor in the same way will make it stronger still.   I just wanted to take a moment to post this brief update, and to say that I’m proud to be a part of this process. Now – onward.
The resignation of the IRS Acting Commissioner is only the first step in preventing these dangerous practices by the IRS and making sure that no government entity engages in this kind of partisan targeting.  The Administration and Congress must cut this practice off at its roots by preventing this discriminatory practice from ever occurring going forward. I've introduced legislation to help do just that.
I introduced legislation today (S. 937) as a response to the IRS’ dangerous practice of targeting tax-exempt organizations (or those applying to be) based on their ideology. The Protect Against Ideology-Based Targeting Act would prohibit the IRS from developing discriminatory methodologies for organizations under or applying for 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) status due to the ideologies expressed in the organizations’ names or purposes.  It’s sad that this legislation is even necessary. But as we learn more and ensure those involved are held accountable for this wrongdoing, this bill will prohibit this bad behavior from continuing.
Wanted to share my op-ed on National Review Online today about the conservative case for the immigration reform bill.
Wanted to highlight this story from azcentral.com Arizona's Home Page about how business and agriculture leaders in Arizona are supporting the immigration bill.
Though it was officially introduced very early Tuesday morning, today, the so-called “Gang of 8” introduced the immigration bill we’ve been working on for the past few months. Arizona has borne the brunt of the federal government’s unwillingness to secure our southern border, so I’m glad that this bill puts a priority on border security.  I’ve said this many times over the past few days: There is sure to be something in this legislation for everyone to criticize, but this bill represents a measure that can actually pass Congress and is a huge improvement over the status quo.  I look forward to this bill going through regular order at which time other Senators will have an opportunity to amend and improve it. There will be many more updates on the progress of this bill in this space in the weeks and months to come.
Such a tragic and senseless event in Boston today. Thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
The President proposed his budget today. It barely recognizes the need to reform our entitlement programs, and yet it continues unsustainable federal spending levels, which makes it a far cry from a responsible proposal. Additionally, it calls for tax increases to pay for additional federal spending and never balances. Any realized savings should go toward reducing the debt and toward making entitlement programs solvent, not toward more federal spending.  Taxpayers deserve a budget proposal that puts the federal government back on a fiscally sound path. This is not that proposal.
NA
Held a town hall meeting in Prescott last week. Thanks for all the good questions.
NA
The Democratic budget adds trillions to the national debt and never balances. Taxpayers deserve a serious, responsible budget proposal that puts the federal government back on a fiscally sound path. Last night's proposal was not the right proposal. I voted no.
The Senate Judiciary Committee has been going through and weighing several gun control measures over the past several weeks. I voted against the Universal Background Check bill sponsored by Senator Schumer yesterday.   While I support strengthening the background check system to make it more difficult for criminals and the mentally ill to purchase guns, I don't support universal background checks that would apply to private sales – gun transfers between family members, neighbors, and friends. Universal background checks would also create onerous paperwork requirements. The Schumer Bill passed the Judiciary Committee and will now go to the full Senate.  Assuming the Schumer Bill keeps its current form, I will oppose it on the Senate Floor as well.
Much more explanation is needed on the DHS decision to release immigration detainees in AZ. Here's the letter I sent to DHS Secretary Napolitano seeking answers to a number of questions about this misguided move.
I voted against confirming Senator Hagel as Secretary of Defense today. His confirmation process raised more questions than it answered.    Of particular concern is Senator Hagel’s decision to lend his name to the “Global Zero” commission report, which advocates for drastic reductions to the U.S. nuclear arsenal, even if such reductions are made unilaterally. Unilateral reductions would jeopardize U.S. national security and call into question the reliability of the U.S. nuclear deterrent, which many of our allies rely upon.
The state-by-state sequester impact reports released by the White House last night don’t actually offer any solutions to rein in federal spending. Instead of finding ways to avoid parts of the sequester, the Administration should be working with Congress finding ways to significantly reduce federal spending across the board.   The White House is busying itself with these political tactics instead of coming to the table and coming up with an actual solution.
Senator Flake and members of the Congressional Delegation meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Fox News ran a spot today about Senator Marco Rubio and I working together to advance conservative principles in the immigration debate.
On the President’s immigration reform proposal: The bipartisan Senate framework deems border security a priority by making eventual citizenship contingent on measurable increases in border security. The President’s proposal doesn’t contain similar language. This provision is key to ensuring that border security is achieved, and is also necessary to ensure that a reform package can actually move through Congress.   The President’s proposal is also silent on a temporary worker program that will be needed to ensure that future labor needs are addressed.  This was one of the major failures of the 1986 immigration law, and we can't repeat that mistake here.
After this morning’s hearing with Secretary Clinton, the picture of what happened in Benghazi remains hazy at best. Serious questions remain. An example? Why did Amb. Rice make statements contradicting known intelligence and analysis at the time?
Very disappointed by EPA’s decision on the Navajo Generating Station. It’s sure to raise water and power rates for AZ.
In Israel today and was honored to meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu. Israel remains a stalwart ally.
As many of you know, Wednesday was officially my last full day representing the Sixth District of Arizona. Yesterday, I begin serving the entire Grand Canyon State as its new Senator. I want to thank all of you who participated in the many conversations had on this page over the last few years. I greatly appreciate your thoughts. To continue our interactions, look for my new Senate page in the next few weeks. Thank you again. Now, onward!
NA
NA
On January 3, 2013, Jeff Flake was sworn in to the United States Senate to represent and serve the Grand Canyon State. He is only the 11th Senator in Arizona's history.  Senator Flake was joined by members of his family on the Senate Floor for the swearing-in ceremony, including his wife, Cheryl; his five children, one grandchild, and his daughter-in-law; his mother; and two sisters.  After being sworn-in, Senator Flake quipped to The Arizona Republic that serving in the Senate "... will be good representation for the Flake family."
