From my family to yours, we hope you have a safe and Merry Christmas and best wishes for a Happy New Year.
Yesterday, Senator Casey and I joined our colleagues Rep. McMorris Rodgers, Rep. Sessions, and Rep. Crenshaw at the press conference urging the Senate to vote on the ABLE Act. #passtheABLEact
Yesterday I joined Bill LuMaye on his radio show and discussed the Senate Democrats’ Intel report. If you haven’t read the Minority Views, you can here: http://1.usa.gov/1sgd9kx
Senator Bob Kerrey, who served on the Intelligence Committee for eight years, wrote in USA Today about his misgivings and concerns with the Intel Report. He highlights the partisan nature in which the Democrats developed the report, the report’s lack of interviews and other important source material, and that the report contains no recommended guidance or solutions.
Former CIA Directors George J. Tenet, Porter J. Goss and Michael V. Hayden and former CIA Deputy Directors John E. McLaughlin, Albert M. Calland and Stephen R. Kappes wrote a response to the Intel report released yesterday.   Bottom-line: The report is one-sided, marred by fictions and errors and the work done by the Intelligence communities saved lives.
Today, Senate Democrats chose to release a report riddled with inaccuracies and fiction. Even more troubling, this report seems to only have a goal that is political in nature and endangers our officers and allies. My full statement below.
Today we remember the sacrifice and courage displayed on the ships, airfields, and docks of Pearl Harbor 73 years ago. Let us honor all of those who lost their lives on that fateful day, the patriots and heroes of that era in our history, and the veterans of all our nation's wars and conflicts. This great nation remains free today because of the example set by Americans from that Greatest Generation and those from successive generations who have served in harm’s way. On this Pearl Harbor Day, let the significance of that attack on our soil serve as a reminder that our democracy and way of life are precious gifts that must be continually protected and preserved.
The House champions of the ABLE Act -- Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Congressman Pete Sessions, and Congressman Ander Crenshaw -- delivered the Weekly Radio Address highlighting the House’s passage of the bill. I could not have asked for better partners when working on ABLE. #passtheABLEact
Had a great press call with Senator Casey and Down Syndrome advocate Sara Wolff today. Sara shared some of her story and why the ABLE Act is so important to her future. Senator Casey and I talked a little about the ABLE Act and the process for getting it where it is today. Looking forward to the Senate vote on ABLE next week. #passtheABLEact
Earlier this week, after significant effort, we ensured that my legislation on Hatteras ORV access will finally get a vote in the House and Senate. Federal restrictions on beach access have hurt North Carolina and local businesses along the Cape Hatteras National Seashore for years – it has done damage to our local communities and our local economy. We must ensure that North Carolinians and tourists from around the country have access to North Carolina’s scenic treasures. I have been pushing this legislation for years and am excited that we will soon be sending it to the President’s desk.
I am pleased to tell you all that the House overwhelmingly passed the ABLE Act, a bill I introduced with Senator Bob Casey, last evening. Families of individuals with disabilities often face overwhelming financial burdens associated with the expensive costs of healthcare, education, housing and transportation. The ABLE Act will make it easier for parents of disabled individuals to invest in their child’s future, thereby opening the door to a world of opportunities. I am confident the Senate will swiftly pass the ABLE Act. #passtheABLEact
Newt Gingrich wrote a piece on the ABLE Act yesterday -- a good read before tomorrow’s vote on ABLE in the House. #passtheABLEact
Yesterday I joined Senator Casey at a Politico event on public health emergency preparedness. We discussed how we have handled Ebola, the importance of funding innovation, and what we can do to better address future public health crises.
Today marks World AIDS Day – a day when we remember not only those who have lost their lives to this devastating disease, but all of those who are affected by it. It is also an opportunity to recommit ourselves to the global fight against this deadly disease.
This Thanksgiving my family and I are reflecting on all the things our nation has to be grateful for and I hope your family will join us in doing so.  I want to give thanks for our brave men and women who are fighting for our freedom here and in far-away places. Thank you to those who came before us and served selflessly for our nation. I want to thank those in uniform and the civilian volunteers that are risking bodily harm to provide care for those in African countries affected by Ebola.  Let us also remember our neighbors, especially those who are struggling to provide for their families. In this season, we should do what we can to offer assistance to those who need a helping hand. I am thankful for the volunteers who assist the homeless and others in need and the message of hope they spread through their good work.   I am thankful that we live in a nation that allows for peaceful, democratic elections and strives to provide the opportunity for every citizen to chase the American dream. God bless the United States of America and God bless you and yours.
Tonight the President announced his intention to pursue amnesty for illegal immigrants through executive action.  This decision, counter to his own statements over the last few years, represents the very height of Presidential arrogance and signifies a dangerous shift from a nation of laws to a nation of men.  In order to achieve some sort of gain for his political party, the President risks damage to the rule of law in our nation, but he also threatens a more immediate impact on those here legally, those following the legal process to gain entry into our country, and others struggling to find work in a fragile economy.  Our border states will also be further stressed as they deal with another, almost certain surge of additional illegal immigrants looking for similar treatment from this White House.
The Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee is holding a hearing on "Mental Health and Suicide Among Veterans.” This is the fifth hearing over the past four years providing oversight of VA’s mental health program and what we will hear today from VA will be similar to what we heard in 2011. That is disturbing and outrageous. We must take real action towards this very serious problem plaguing our men and women in uniform. That is why I introduced, along with several other colleagues, The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act of 2014. Watch my opening statement below or read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qX46UM
This evening the Senate finally took a vote to approve the Keystone Pipeline. As an original cosponsor of the bill and supporter of its authorization, it's inexplicable that Senate Democrats and the President continue to block legislation supported by this Administration's own State Department and a strong majority of Americans.  Americans want real leadership and a genuine opportunity to build a healthy economy again. The Keystone Pipeline -- beyond creating thousands of shovel-ready jobs - would invest billions of dollars into our economy and would also improve our energy security at a time of unrest abroad.
Today, I introduced, along with Senators McCain, Blumenthal, Blunt, Murkowski and Manchin, The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act. We are proud to introduce this bipartisan legislation to improve and modernize the suicide prevention programs and resources available to our fighting men and women. Read more below.
ICYMI: WECT reported on the bipartisan Child Care and Development Block Grant, introduced by Senator Mikulski and me. You can read more about this legislation on my website.
Today, across the nation, small towns and cities alike will host parades, concerts, or quiet ceremonies to commemorate Veterans Day. November 11th is set aside as a day of reflection and an opportunity to honor all those who have served -- those who served in wars past, those who are serving in combat today, and those who made the ultimate sacrifice on battlefields far from home.  Every North Carolinian owes a debt of gratitude to our nation's veterans. Every freedom we enjoy has been defended and upheld by those who have taken up arms and worn the uniform of our great nation. As we commemorate these brave men and women on this national holiday, we must remember that our thanks for their sacrifices and commitment to our nation should not be limited to a single day. Our veterans have endured the pain of being separated from their families and loved ones, the trials of repeated deployments, and the harsh realities of combat. They have done so quietly and professionally for generation after generation. Veterans Day is more than a day to commemorate the service of America's defenders; it also serves as a reminder of all that we owe them as a nation.  I encourage every North Carolinian to take time to thank someone who served on this Veterans Day. May God bless our veterans and their families and may God bless the United States of America.
I’ve received a few questions about the 21-day quarantine –   I certainly understand the difficult decisions Governors across our nation are facing and why they may have come to the conclusion that a 21-day mandatory quarantine might be needed.  These decisions are made that much more difficult in light of the constantly evolving guidance from CDC. Decisions on how best to stop the spread of this virus must be rooted in the science of how difficult it is for Ebola to be transmitted, and ultimately support a strategy that defeats Ebola overseas in West Africa.  It would be a mistake to take actions that would deter aid workers from going overseas to assist in the efforts to stop the spread of this deadly virus—which we must do in order to protect the American people. As we have seen with CDC’s constantly changing guidelines, we need certainty and consistency, not further confusion and inconsistencies. I hope that the Administration and individual Governors’ actions will be based on the science of Ebola and the risk posed by individuals returning from the hot zones.
Spending the day at Pope Airfield – got to watch our uniformed men & women in action, everything from a cargo drop to aeromedical drills.
This week I visited the Iredell Statesville Schools Career Academy Automotive Center. I had a great time meeting with students and Administrators – thanks for having me!
Tom Coburn and I penned an op-ed about why we don’t have an #Ebola vaccine -- what we choose to prioritize determines whether we will be prepared for the threats we face.
“Two weeks ago, I urged the President and his Administration to reassess the strategies and protocols we have in place to deal with the threat posed by the deadly Ebola virus.  Unfortunately, it appears that little has changed in the federal government’s response.  In the meantime, the NIH Director is playing politics, the CDC Director is playing catch up, and the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response at HHS— a position created years ago to lead our nation’s medical and public health response in just such an emergency – is nowhere to be found.” Read more:
Senator King invited me to join him on WGAN’s “Inside Maine” to discuss our student loan legislation. Thanks for having me! #Fixthemaze #RepayAct 
Yesterday, I had a chance to speak with WRAL about our state’s ability to respond to Ebola. I reiterated my confidence in the state: "North Carolina and every state in the country is more than equipped to handle any disease outbreak that we might have," Burr said. "It's a matter of reminding ourselves of exactly the procedures we've got to follow."
I just released a new statement on the current Ebola situation -- read by clicking below.  
Last evening I joined Bill LuMaye on his radio show to discuss ISIL and to address when and what the intel community knew about this dangerous terrorist organization.
I am pleased to announce that the Department of Veterans Affairs has approved a grant for over $5.3 million dollars to be used to establish a State Veterans Cemetery in Goldsboro.  This grant will provide service to over 5,000 veterans and their families and offer a place of honor closer to home than already existing veterans cemeteries.  This grant is a wonderful example of state and federal partnership, as the state of North Carolina will fund the ongoing operation and up-keep of the new cemetery.
Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs announced the publication of final regulations that will implement the “Honoring America's Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012.”  This law will provide care for both Camp Lejeune veterans and family members who were affected by the toxic contamination at the base between the 1950s and 1980s.   I am proud of the progress that has been announced today and I fully expect VA will now move swiftly to implement all the regulations and extend a helping hand to the victims of this tragic episode in our nation’s history.
A compromise has been reached on the #ABLEact, a commonsense piece of legislation that would allow families to save money in tax-free accounts for their disabled loved ones and the care they may need in the future. It is my hope that we will move to final passage before the 113th Congress adjourns. #PasstheABLEAct
A new GAO report, requested by Chairman Miller and me, was released last week. The report focused on the Family Caregiver Program, which establishes new assistance for the family caregivers of seriously disabled veterans, including training and certification required to meet the veteran’s needs.   The report found that the VA has so far squandered the opportunity to make use of the program by poorly planning its implementation and investing in technology that did not suit the needs of the program. What’s more, they have taken few steps to resolve these problems and have amassed a backlog of applications. It is my hope that this GAO report will inspire VA to fix the problems with the program and train the unprecedented amount of loved ones interested in helping their veteran. 
Did you miss last week’s newsletter? In it, I discuss the Child Care & Development Block Grant Program, repaying student loans, Ebola, and ISIL. You can sign up for future newsletters by visiting my website, burr.senate.gov. 
Last evening, I voted in favor of the CR which included language on ISIL. For the better part of a year, I’ve called for action to curb ISIL’s inhumane and brutal terror campaign.  It is in our national interests to destroy ISIL and we should use all appropriate tools to do so.
Following yesterday’s joint Senate committee hearing on the deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa, I took to my blog to share some of my thoughts on addressing the spread of this horrible disease. I also share clips from the hearing, along with a full-length video. 
Last evening, a resolution introduced by Senator Boxer and me passed the Senate by unanimous consent to honor the patriotism and contributions of veterans service organizations' (VSO) women's auxiliaries. These women have dedicated thousands of hours and raised billions of dollars to support our nation’s troops and veterans. Thank you for all of your hard work and sacrifice.
On this day in 1787, the Constitution was signed “in order to form a more perfect union.” Today, we should all reflect on the freedoms and rights that this document, crafted by our Founding Fathers, has secured.
Senator King and I penned an op-ed together on student loan repayment reform – check it out. #RepayAct 
Today, Senator Angus S. King, Jr. (I-Maine) and I introduced a plan to reform student loan repayment plans. The #RepayAct focuses on two things: making repayment simple for students and making sure taxpayer dollars aren’t wasted. Learn more about the Repayment Act -- let’s #fixthemaze.
Thirteen years ago our nation suffered an unthinkable tragedy that redefined many of our lives.  Hundreds of millions of people across the world watched as a small group of extremists tried to tear down our way of life.  But instead of caving under our loss, we met their senseless violence with the strength of our resolve, our capacity to care, and commitment to each other.   We responded, and thousands of our men and women in uniform deployed to the ends of the globe and put our nation before their own safety.  We continue to owe them a debt of gratitude for their service and sacrifice.  On September 11, 2012, our diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya came under attack and we lost four brave Americans to a group of extremists.  I urge every American to take time today for somber remembrance, reflection, and prayer. While we must not forget the tragedies that have taken place, we should also try to remember the sense of unity and patriotism that was so prevalent in the weeks after 9/11. Let us put aside our differences and once again focus on those things that bind us, for we are all Americans, and we will forever be one nation under God. #NeverForget
During today’s hearing on the “State of VA Health Care,” I asked Secretary McDonald how he planned to change the culture at VA and how he would measure that change -- watch his answer below. 
Today, the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs held a hearing on the “State of VA Health Care.”  This hearing is focusing on an Inspector General report released in August on the problems found at the Phoenix Healthcare System. 
Today is the Land and Water Conservation Fund’s 50th anniversary – I am proud to continue efforts to ensure that funding from the Land and Water Conservation Fund is used to preserve our nation’s scenic treasures for future generations. #LWCF50
Here are some photos of my week. I had a chance to visit Nesbitt Discovery Academy, GE Aviation, Continental, Sierra Nevada, and Kee Auto Top.
I visited the brand-new Martin L. Nesbitt, Jr. Discovery Academy on Monday. The STEM-focused high school just welcomed their first 100 freshmen. Below is a clip of my visit and why some of these young innovators are so excited to be a part of this dynamic school in Buncombe county.  
Bill LuMaye had me on earlier this week to discuss ISIS and our nation’s border – if you missed the segment, you can listen below.
This morning I had a chance to spend time at the UNCW Center for Marine Science with men and women who show such passion for their research areas. You can learn more about the Center for Marine Science here: uncw.edu/cms
Thank you Wilmington Chamber of Commerce for hosting me this morning -- it was great to spend time with you all.
Thank you Randolph Community College and President Shackleford for the great visit and tour.
Yesterday I co-hosted the 2014 North Carolina Aerospace Supplier and Advanced Manufacturing (ASAM) Summit in Winston-Salem.  It was wonderful to hear about businesses and individuals in North Carolina that are making big contributions to aerospace.
Here are a few pictures from the Defense Trade Show that took place on Tuesday. This event was put on by the North Carolina Military Business Center and the hundreds of businesses that joined the event at Fayetteville Technical. I was pleased to be able to join NCMBC and all of the wonderful North Carolina business offering cutting edge products and services.
Spent time in the mountains of North Carolina today with the Secretary of the Interior, Sally Jewell, to celebrate 50 years of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.  North Carolina enjoys a well-deserved reputation as one of the most beautiful states in our nation –  I’m pleased that LWCF funds are helping preserve these scenic treasures for future generations.
Last evening the Senate passed legislation that would commemorate U.S. Forest Service Officer Jason Crisp, who lost his life in the line of duty earlier this year.  The legislation, which was introduced by Rep Meadows, would name a facility of the United States Forest Service after Officer Crisp -- the "Jason Crisp Forest Service Building".  Officer Crisp’s service and sacrifice will not be forgotten and will be remembered with deep gratitude.  My thoughts and prayers are with Officer Crisp and his family.
Today, the House Ways and Means committee passed the #ABLEact and I am incredibly pleased that they did.  This legislation is a commonsense measure that would help families and disabled individuals all across the United States.  It is no wonder that it has garnered an unprecedented amount of support.  It is my hope that the full House will quickly bring the ABLE Act to the floor and vote for its passage. #passtheABLEact
I’ve posted here many times about the important impact #ABLEact would have on disabled individuals and families. As the House Ways and Means committee meets this morning to consider and vote on the ABLE Act, I encourage you to watch this video that places the human face on the legislation. #PasstheABLEact 
Yesterday, the Senate voted unanimously to confirm Robert McDonald as VA Secretary. Here I share a few words of support. #FixtheVA #VAaccountability   
I am pleased that we could come together last evening as a Conference and compromise on much needed legislation to help address the grave problems at the Department of Veteran Affairs.  Our compromise will empower veterans with the Veterans Choice Card, allowing them to go outside of VA if they cannot receive care within 30 days or are more than 40 miles away from a VA facility.  We extend the TBI program, which helps veterans struggling with traumatic brain injuries.  Finally, we give the Secretary of VA the authority to fire VA executives for misconduct or unacceptable job performance.  Our men and women in uniform should have the commitment from their nation honored – that they will be cared for and receive a standard of service befitting their great sacrifice.
If you missed the Finance Subcommittee hearing on the #ABLEact, you can watch my opening statement below or read it here: http://1.usa.gov/1x1xf3x #passtheABLEact
Washington Times has an article about today’s Senate Finance Committee hearing on the #ABLEact. #passtheABLEact
The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs is holding a hearing on Robert McDonald’s nomination to be Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs. You can watch my opening statement below or read it here: http://1.usa.gov/1mB2ufY 
I spoke with Bill LuMaye earlier this week on the immigration crisis-- addressing why there is an influx of children and the most compassionate way to handle the crisis. 
During the House VA Committee hearing on Monday, both the VA Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office had concerns about the integrity of VA’s data, so why would VA tout those very same statistics the next day in a press release?  How could that possibly help improve trust? Watch VA Secretary Gibson’s answer.
The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs held a hearing today on the state of VA health care. You can watch my opening statement below or read it here: http://1.usa.gov/1mhoAUJ
Last evening, the witness from the VA Office of Inspector General delivered a damning testimony during the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs hearing. The testimony shows the utter dysfunction and deeply systemic problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs.  I cannot see how VA can continue to claim success in their reduction of the backlog or their charge of caring for our veterans.  Clearly, VA has not been upholding its responsibilities either to veterans or to taxpayers. #FixtheVA #VAaccountability  
Today, the VA Inspector General released a new report that found that VA is manipulating claims data and “actually created a new practice that adversely affected some veterans.” #FixtheVA #VAaccountability
Corolla wild horses do not exist anywhere else in the world – it’s up to us to protect them. http://1.usa.gov/1r8B6ew
The Corolla wild horses are one of the many natural treasures of our state, and people travel from across North Carolina and the country to witness these wild horses in their natural habitat.  I am proud to introduce this amendment that will provide for the care and management of these wild-roaming horses and give local organizations and authorities the tools they need to manage these horses without excessive federal involvement.  We have waited far too long for action on this issue, so I hope Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) will finally allow a vote on my amendment --protecting the Corolla horses is important to sportsmen and all who love wildlife. 
Environmental concerns are important but we can protect our beaches without banning people from visiting them. http://1.usa.gov/1n4q0BZ
Federal restrictions on beach access have hurt North Carolina and local businesses along the Cape Hatteras National Seashore for years – it has done damage to our local communities and our local economy.  We must ensure that North Carolinians and tourists from around the country have access to North Carolina’s scenic treasures, and the Sportsmen’s bill offers the perfect opportunity to address this pressing issue once and for all.  Over a year ago, the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources reached a compromise that was a critical step forward in the effort to allow people to have access to our beaches while at the same time addressing any potential environmental concerns.  It is my hope that we can take up my amendment and allow the Senate a chance to finally vote on it. http://1.usa.gov/1n4q0BZ
Every year, we look forward to the Fourth of July holiday as an opportunity to celebrate with family and friends.  However, as we enjoy a day of fun, we must not let the significance of our nation’s birthday escape us.    Let’s take a moment this holiday weekend to celebrate our freedoms and reflect on those who paved the way for our nation.  We give thanks to the brave men and women who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect our liberty and our way of life, and we pray for those who are currently in harm’s way serving our nation.     God bless you and may God bless the United States of America.
Congressional investigators uncover emails revealing that former IRS official Lois Lerner tried targeting a United States Senator. #IRSscandal
Best of luck to our nation’s soccer team today as they play Germany – Go USA! #USMNT #WorldCup2014
Four years of "Recovery Summer" - Economy shrank 2.9% in 1st Qtr. #ObamaEconomy
Today, I joined my Senate colleagues and members from the House to discuss legislation which would address the deeply rooted problems at VA. It is now time for us, in partnership with VA, to begin to repair the damage that has resulted from the systemic failures that have undermined the trust veterans had placed in VA. Most importantly, we must ensure that veterans get the appointments they need from the doctor of their choice, provide the transparency needed to do an apples-to-apples comparison with non-VA hospitals, and start reforming the system and changing the culture to ensure no veteran ever again dies while awaiting the care they needed. 
Senator Coburn has a new report revealing a culture of crime, cover-up, and coercion at the VA. Watch the video and check out the report here: 1.usa.gov/1yJqwPF  
Every November 11th as a nation we take time to honor our veterans and reflect upon their service. These men and women selflessly give of themselves to defend our freedoms, and we are constantly humbled by their strength and courage. This year we would like to recognize our veterans who have served post 9/11 in a special “Welcome Home” tribute. It is my hope that the Senate will swiftly pass this bipartisan resolution so communities around our great nation can plan events for our post 9/11 warriors.  
Today I spoke on the floor about the growing threat in the Middle East.  I understand that our nation is weary of war.  I respect the sacrifices made by our service members and I work every day to ensure that our brave men and women, our veterans, are provided the care and treatment they deserve.  Their efforts should not be in vain.  Our service members served and sacrificed overseas so we could be safe at home.  We cannot in good faith let the Administration dishonor their efforts with a misguided policy.  The continued draw down of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan will provide Al Qaeda, the Taliban and the Haqqani network with a safe haven to train operatives and plot further attacks against the United States of America and our allies.  Contrary to the campaign statement of the President and Vice President, Al Qaeda is not on the run.  I urge this Administration to avoid further actions that may endanger our nation.  Watch my floor speech below.
The Arizona Republic reports that the Phoenix VA gave out roughly $10 million in bonuses over the past three years. At Phoenix alone, $10 million could hire 18 new doctors or 43 new nurses for 3 years.  Funding is not the problem – it’s priorities.  #FixtheVA #VAaccountability
Today I joined a round table discussion on the unique programs that serve the 2.2 million female veterans in our nation. Female veterans are the fastest growing segment of the veterans’ population but only a small portion are utilizing their benefits.
Two new reports from VA IG are an indicator of an alarming practice at the Veterans Benefits Administration -- make a few statistics look better but ignore overall service to veterans.  We’ve been raising the alarm for a while that the VA has been allowing work that isn’t included in VA's narrow “backlog” statistic to pile up, including appeals and award adjustments that can impact a veteran’s bottom line and overall care. But, these reports suggest that the scope of work the VA has been ignoring may be even greater, including training, quality assurance measures, and steps to ensure program integrity. So, is the drop in the VA’s backlog all just smoke and mirrors?
Last evening a VA official admitted to "an integrity issue here among some of our leaders." We know the issues at VA are systemic and deeply cultural, that’s why we need to pursue solutions that get to the heart of the matter. #FixtheVA #VAaccountability 
On June 6, 1944, tens of thousands of Americans and allied soldiers stormed the beaches of Normandy and fought the battles that liberated France.  The sacrifices that those men and women made on D-Day and in the campaign that followed changed the course of history.   I recently had the chance to visit the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial.  The day was bright and the beauty of the hallowed grounds belied the chaos and struggle that took place on Normandy’s wild beaches and bluffs.  Despite the seemingly insurmountable odds, freedom prevailed.   Today, on the 70th anniversary, we remember those whose lives were lost during that invasion and we honor those who survived.  Please take a minute to thank a veteran that you know for his or her service to our country.  They willingly and unselfishly put their lives on the line to protect our country and our freedom.   The legacy of the Greatest Generation has inspired and sustained the young men and women currently serving our country abroad.  Today we also remember we still have work to do on behalf of all of our veterans who return home from the battlefield.  We must remain unwavering in our commitment to provide for those who were fortunate enough to come home and who now face their own challenges as they continue to contribute to the success of this great nation.
NA
I am pleased that a bipartisan agreement has been reached on legislation to address the crisis at VA.  Veterans should not have the care they deserve and need waylaid by partisan bickering. The issues at the VA are systemic and deeply rooted in the agency's culture, so it will take both parties working together, along with VSOs, VA officials, and veterans themselves to get VA back to its core mission – serving veterans.  I would like to thank Senator McCain and Senator Coburn for their hard work and contributions.
"Legion-supported legislation introduced in the Senate on June 3 would give veterans more choice and flexibility in their health-care treatment under certain conditions, such as the inability of Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers to schedule appointments in a timely manner." - The American Legion National Headquarters
American Legion, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), AMVETS, and Concerned Veterans for America (CVA) all released letters of support for the #VeteransChoiceAct. This bill provides veterans with more choice and flexibility, while bringing much-needed accountability and transparency to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. #VAaccountability #FixtheVA
Senators John McCain, Tom Coburn, Senator Jeff Flake and I have officially introduced our Veterans Choice Act. Thank you to American Legion, AMVETS, and Concerned Veterans for America for their support.
My press conference today with Senators McCain, Coburn, and Flake will focus on restoring choice, improving transparency, and implementing change at VA. #FixtheVA  #VAaccountability Watch it live.
I’ve heard a lot of talk of funding as the source of the systemic problems within VA but is it really? Referencing the last few budgets: VA carried over $1.449 billion in medical-care funding from fiscal year 2010 to 2011, $1.163 billion from fiscal year 2011 to fiscal year 2012, $637 million from fiscal year 2012 to 2013, and $543 million from fiscal year 2013 to 2014. Finally, VA expects to carry over $450 million in medical-care funding from fiscal year 2014 to fiscal year 2015.   Making sure our veterans receive the care they deserve is important, but spending more money won't solve the problem if the VA is already not using the resources it has. Instead of creating false reasons for the major issues facing the VA, we should be working on real solutions and returning the focus from meeting quotas to serving veterans. 
I know this was a difficult decision for a decorated veteran. Secretary Shinseki built a career on tackling the tough challenges placed in front of him, and I thank him for his long and distinguished service to our nation. However, it was the right decision, as new leadership was needed at the agency. Along with new leadership, Congress must act to empower veterans facing unacceptable wait times at the VA with choice.   It must be reiterated that this problem is not about Phoenix but about the entire VA system and this one resignation will not solve the problem. This is not new, not contained within one facility, and not just about secret waitlists. We have a long, well documented history of reports from Inspector General, Government Accountability Office, and the Medical Inspector about the disturbing problems within the Department. The steps that have been taken by Secretary Shinseki to freeze bonuses and fire individuals at the Phoenix facility has done nothing to address the other 41 facilities currently under active investigation.   I look forward to working with Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson in his efforts to chart a new course for this troubled agency, and put it to work for all veterans.
The American Legion National Headquarters calls for VA employees involved in cover-ups to be investigated and prosecuted. #VAaccountability  
Adding to the growing chorus, Senators McCain, Flake, and Udall call for Secretary Shinseki’s resignation. #VAaccountability 
“Delaying medical care to veterans and manipulating records to hide those delays is "systemic throughout" the Department of Veterans Affairs health system, the VA's Office of Inspector General said in a preliminary report Wednesday.”
Daily Beast has a new article on another VA facility gaming the system – “For years, employees at a Texas VA complained that their bosses were cooking the books. For years, the VA insisted there was no widespread wrongdoing.” #VAaccountability
As we celebrate Memorial Day, let us take a moment to remember the true meaning of the holiday: to honor those service members who have sacrificed for our nation. Upon entry to the United States military, these brave men and women take an oath to protect and defend the Constitution, our country, and our freedom, even if it means paying the ultimate price.  For those who pay this price, we express our deepest gratitude. God bless.
My open letter to America’s veterans. #VAaccountability
It is appalling and unacceptable that a Department that is being scrutinized by Congress and the media for a string of national scandals is giving out bonuses. It is totally inconceivable that the Veterans Health Administration can justify rewarding themselves while they fail our veterans. It is my hope that the Senate will swiftly adopt this piece of legislation so that such gross misconduct is no longer rewarded at taxpayer expense. 
I listened with great interest to the President's remarks yesterday on the unfolding VA scandals. Quite frankly, I am shocked that the President feels he needs to wait for the results of yet another Office of Inspector General (IG) investigation to take action. As we discussed in our committee hearing with the Secretary last week, there are at least four years worth of reports from the Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office, the Office of Special Counsel, and Office of the Medical Investigator highlighting the problems within the Veterans Health Administration (VHA).  Yet we still can't connect the dots without a report on Phoenix?  Veterans are tired of waiting for the next report, the next investigation, the next media "Breaking News Alert."   VA is broken, Mr. President.  Veterans don't want the appearance of leadership on this issue.  They want action.
You can read my full opening statement from this morning’s VA hearing below. Also, you can stream today’s hearing by going to veterans.senate.gov
Today, Arlington Cemetery has been serving an important purpose in honoring our fallen men and women in uniform for 150 years. If you ever visit DC, this is a must see and an important reminder of those who have fought and died for our freedoms.
A new poll from CNN reveals that only 12% of Americans believe Obamacare is a success. It’s time to repeal and replace. #brokenpromises #PatientCAREact
Brooke and I were shocked to hear the news of Keith Crisco's untimely death. I considered Keith a close, personal friend and I know how much he cared for the state of North Carolina. He will be greatly missed. Our thoughts and prayers are with Keith's family at this difficult time.
Half a billion of your hard-earned dollars has been spent on four failed Obamacare exchanges – it’s time to repeal and replace. #PatientCAREact #brokenpromises #DoesObamaCare
A whistleblower, who was a former associate chief of staff, has come forward claiming a Texas VA facility delayed or denied colonoscopies to veterans as a cost-saving measure -- leading to the deaths of veterans in their care. 
I am pleased that the Senate passed the Kilah Davenport Act tonight and I thank Representative Pittenger for his advocacy on behalf of the family and the abused. I only regret Kilah did not survive to see her issue championed -- God bless her and her family.
I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee in sending a letter to Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen demanding answers as to how the IRS plans to prevent future bonus payments from being given to employees with conduct, performance, and tax compliance issues. Read below. 
Thank you to all of the teachers in North Carolina – you play an important role in the future of our nation. #ThankATeacher #NationalTeachersDay
"Obamacare is already creating one class of care for the poor and middle class and another for the affluent.” - Wall Street Journal
Today, I introduced the No Bonuses for Tax Cheats Act with Senator Manchin. This is a bipartisan, commonsense piece of legislation that would bar the IRS from paying out bonuses to employees who are tax delinquent or were found to have substantial evidence of misconduct. #NoTaxesNoBonuses
The Senate Democrats' #RaiseTheWage proposal would cost up to 1 million jobs and increase the costs for American families, according to a CBO report.
Last week I joined America’s Global Leadership luncheon and discussed America’s role in the global community. What happens in the world impacts our security and economy right here in North Carolina, which is why American companies and organizations must be active participants on the global stage.  
Did you miss me on Bill LuMaye last week? You can listen to the full segment below, where Bill and I discuss veterans, Keystone XL, and Ukraine.  
If you missed yesterday’s Concerned Veterans for America event on preserving promises to North Carolina’s veterans, you can watch below.
Last year, I wrote the IRS demanding that bonuses be suspended in light of the IRS abuse of the Constitutional rights of conservative organizations. They said then that bonuses were not permissible, but we heard in February that they went ahead and gave bonuses anyway.   According to a new report from the Inspector General of the Treasury Department, the IRS awarded $2.8 million in bonuses to employees who participated in illegal behavior -- including fraud, drug use, and failing to pay their taxes. 
I’ll be joining Bill LuMaye on his radio show this afternoon – tune in to 680 WPTF AM or listen by clicking below.
Washington Post has a great article on the ABLE Act. With 72 cosponsors in the Senate, it’s time to #passtheABLEact.
Although the idea of unionizing might sound good to a very small number of student-athletes considering doing so, it is important we think of the 99% of student-athletes who never reach the professional levels of their respective sports and will come to value the education they received while competing for their colleges or universities.  The value of that education – more than any temporary benefit they might receive while collectively bargaining – will bring a lifetime of higher earnings in their profession but also a respect for the life lessons they received while playing sports for their schools.  I hope the NLRB’s regional office’s decision does not threaten that for these students.
Below is a clip of my appearance on The Daily Rundown this morning where I discussed the obstacles facing our nation’s veterans. Thanks for having me, Chuck.
I’ll be on The Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd this morning at 9:25am – tune in.
The medical device tax is putting America’s patient health and innovation at risk.
Today the Intelligence Committee voted to declassify the Detention and Interrogation Report to give the American people the opportunity to make their own judgments.
Today is World Autism Awareness Day – as we increase our knowledge of autism spectrum disorders, it is important that we do what we can to support individuals with autism and their families. That’s why Senator Casey and I introduced the ABLE Act.  The ABLE Act would allow families with disabled children, including those with autism, to save using a 529 college savings account to prepare for their child’s lifetime of expenses. #1in68 #passtheABLEact
  Today’s news on the prevalence of autism, affecting 1 in 68 children, is substantially worse than we ever thought. The CDC’s data has North Carolina as one of the states with the highest prevalence. Children and adults with autism face enormous daily challenges, and it is important that we do what we can to support these individuals and their families as they deal with the day-to-day struggles presented by autism spectrum disorders. That’s why Senator Casey and I introduced the ABLE Act.  It would allow families to use a 529 college savings account to save for ‘disability expenses’ – such as housing, education and medical expenses -- for a disabled child, including children living with autism. #1in68 #passtheABLEact 
See February 10th’s update -> Another day, another delay. #stillbroken 
Both Senate leaders have agreed to cosponsor the ABLE Act, giving new hope to the severely disabled and their families across America. ABLE is a commonsense piece of legislation that helps parents of the severely disabled save and prepare for their child’s lifetime of expenses.  With such broad bipartisan support in both houses of Congress, it is my hope that 2014 is the year we finally #passtheABLEact.  
In case you missed it, I appeared in last night’s Capital Tonight with Shawn Flynn.
Yesterday was not a day of celebration, but a day marked by broken promises, numerous delays, and special exemptions.   A reflection on the four years since Obamacare became law.
I’ll be on Paul and Meg in the morning at 9:15am – tune into 96.9 FM if you’re in the Charlotte area or listen here.
In a separate story from WTVD -- “across the state, employers are trying to get their arms around what the new health care law will mean, both for their bottom line and their workers, specifically their part-time workers.”
In case you missed it, I joined WTVD’s Larry Stogner in studio this week.
In case you missed it, the New York Times has a great piece on the ABLE Act. #passtheABLEact   The ABLE Act is a commonsense piece of legislation that allows families of disabled children to have the same access to tax preferred savings accounts as the parents of college-bound kids.
I am pleased my colleagues passed the bipartisan Child Care Development Block Grant (CCDBG). This is how the Senate should run -- with mutual respect and productive conversation. Our working together made sure that our hardest working parents have access to quality, safe child care. Through years of negotiations, meetings with hundreds of interested stakeholders, and honest conversations with my colleagues in the Senate, we have taken a positive step toward ensuring our kids are protected while in child care. This is a good day for the United States Senate, our working parents, and their children. I urge my colleagues in the House to pass this legislation.
In case you missed it, I spoke on the Senator floor today about the reauthorization of the Child Care and Development Block Grant. #Care4Kids
Interested in how CCDBG helps empower families and invests in the self-sufficiency of some of our hardest working families? Read here. #Care4Kids
Full questioning of yesterday’s subcommittee witnesses below. Notably, one witness admits that other developed countries don’t “pay their fair share” for the immense expense involved in research and development that the US shoulders and another notes that Denmark’s single payer system is great, if you have private insurance. 
Today, I joined Senators Mikulski, Alexander, and Harkin at a press conference to urge the passage of the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Reauthorization Act of 2014. #care4kids  
Today’s HELP subcommittee hearing represents an important admission that #Obamacare is not working.  That such an admission takes place within the very committee that wrote the Affordable Care Act is a huge step, and I commend the committee for taking it. However, more government, through a single payer system, is not the solution for American health care. 
During today’s Finance Committee hearing, I questioned Secretary Lew about the targeting of conservative groups by the IRS and the bonuses received after-the-fact. IRS employees who targeted conservative organizations need to be held accountable, not receive bonuses.  
ICYMI, the following National Journal article features Senator Mikulski and myself and our bipartisan effort to reauthorize and update the Child Care Development Block Grant (CCDBG), which will be brought to the floor as early as this week.  Our bill will be processed through “regular order”, something we don’t see too often in the hyper-partisan environment of the United States Senate in recent years.      CCDBG is an important federal program that provides working families child care vouchers to use at the child care provider of their choice while they earn a living.  The reauthorization includes updated safety standards – guaranteeing federal dollars will no longer go to child care providers who have been convicted of violent crimes – and places an emphasis on improving the quality of our childcare facilities over the next several years. #ChildCareProtection 
GAO analysts found more than half of the VA’s 50,000 schedulers did not know how to accurately report the information needed to determine wait times and others admitted to changing the desired date so the time aligned with VA’s established goal of 14 days. #FixTheVA
It takes an average of 376 days for the VA to process veterans’ disability benefit claims #FixTheVA
Approximately 34,000 veterans have been waiting for a year or longer on requests for disability compensation. Instead of adding more veterans to the backlog or playing political games, let's make a real effort to #FixTheVA.  
The Sanders’ veterans bill expands eligibility to the VA health care system to veterans who don’t have a service disability, but it does not provide the resources necessary to make sure that this expansion can happen without resulting in more frustrations and delays for veterans already in the VA system.  Veterans waiting for their disability claims to be processed know all about frustrations and delays at the VA – our veterans deserve better. 
I sat down with WFMY News 2’s Tanya Rivera to talk about the Patient CARE Act.  
A new report from CMS projects that two-thirds of Americans who work at small businesses (11 million people) will see higher premiums as a result of ACA. #trainwreck #brokenpromises
"In any case, no matter how you slice it, it does not add up to 7 million. It is dismaying that given all of the attention to this issue, the president apparently does not realize that the administration’s data are woefully inadequate for boastful assertions of this type." 
This weekend I joined David Crabtree on WRAL’s “On the Record” to discuss the Patient CARE Act. 
More on the #Benghazi story.
Senators Coburn, Hatch, and I responded to an op-ed in Washington Post about our Patient CARE Act to dispel some of the Post’s mischaracterizations.  
WRAL invited me into their studio to discuss the #PatientCAREact – the full interview will be on Saturday at 7pm.  
Another day, another delay.  #stillbroken    
On Saturday, I delivered the weekly GOP address, with a focus on veterans. All over our nation military veterans are going about their lives with the expectation that their sacrifices will be honored and their service will be reciprocated by the government and the people they ably served. It is up to us to make sure our promise to them is kept. 
This week, the Raleigh News & Observer ran an editorial attacking the Patient CARE Act, my proposal to repeal Obamacare and replace it with patient-centered reforms of our health care system that are actually affordable. Throughout the editorial, they mischaracterized the proposal, and mislead their readers about the plan and its contents. In an attempt to set the record straight, I prepared a response-a response the News & Observer said they would be happy to run, if the length was cut in half. As this is a complicated, multi-faceted plan that requires a full explanation, I felt it better to offer up my full response here instead. Thank you for reading.  
Today I joined Bill Hemmer on America’s News HQ to discuss the Patient CARE Act. Thanks for having me on. 
ICYMI, I joined Chuck Todd this morning on The Daily Rundown to discuss the Patient CARE Act. 
Yesterday, I voted against final passage of the Conference Report to accompany HR 2642, the Farm Bill. Not only does it carry a nearly $1 trillion price tag but most of the funding has nothing to do with farming, let alone providing any certainty to farmers. It also fails to include relief to farmers on burdensome GIPSA Restrictions and Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) rules. While I appreciate the efforts of the Conference Committee, its failure to address the crucial needs of North Carolina farmers prevented me from supporting the bill.
ICYMI: Special Report with Bret Baier on #Benghazi.
Last year, I wrote the IRS demanding that bonuses be suspended in light of the IRS abuse of the Constitutional rights of conservative organizations. They said then that bonuses were not permissible, but now that the media is no longer focused on them, the IRS is changing its tune. I intend to work with my colleagues to stop these bonuses and make sure that those who infringed on the rights of Americans are held accountable. 
Check out this article by Time on the Patient CARE Act.  
More bad news for the American people -- a new CBO report has found that #Obamacare will “reduce the number of full-time workers by roughly 2.3 million people through 2021 and insure 2 million fewer people this year than previously estimated.” #brokenpromises #trainwreck
Last night I joined The Kudlow Report to discuss the Patient CARE Act. Video below.  
Today in a piece on The Hill, The Center for Health & Economy finds that the Patient CARE Act would lower premiums while covering roughly the same number of people as Obamacare. 
If you missed me on Bill LuMaye yesterday afternoon, you can listen to the full clip here. #PatientCAREAct 
Tonight I’ll be joining The Kudlow Report on CNBC to discuss the Patient CARE Act. I hope you’ll join us around 7:15pm.
If you haven’t heard about what our proposal does to improve healthcare, check out the National Review article below. #PatientCAREAct 
Today I joined Varney & Co to discuss the Patient CARE Act. You can catch the segment below. 
If you weren’t able to tune in last evening, I  joined Greta on Fox News to discuss the Patient CARE Act with Senators Coburn and Hatch. Watch below. 
I’ll be on Fox News On the Record with Greta Van Susteren this evening with Senators Coburn and Hatch to discuss our Patient Choice, Affordability, Responsibility, and Empowerment (CARE) Act. Tune in.
The American people have found out what is in Obamacare- broken promises. It’s time for us to be realistic and pursue a plan that repeals Obamacare and replaces it with common-sense, patient-centered reforms that reduce health care costs and increase access to affordable, high-quality care. Today, Senators Coburn, Hatch, and I have unveiled just such a plan, the Patient Choice, Affordability, Responsibility, and Empowerment (CARE) Act. 
Outlook for health plans downgraded from stable to negative -- Moody’s cites Obamacare’s numerous problems, including the low enrollment rate among young adults and the slew of last-minute regulatory and operational changes. #trainwreck    
Last month I introduced a bill that would consolidate the Department of Commerce and the Department of Labor into a single entity, saving billions of dollars by eliminating duplicative functions. Something that consolidates government is the toughest legislation to get through here in Washington but there is value in fighting for reducing the size of government and cutting federal spending.
Today the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released the most detailed, bipartisan report to date on the September 11, 2012, terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya.  The committee's report presents a wide range of declassified findings that will allow the public to more fully understand the deteriorating security situation in Benghazi leading up to the attacks, and the lack of State Department recognition of the danger to our personnel.  This bipartisan report is a step forward in our understanding of these events, but should not by any means be viewed as a final verdict.  To the extent this report is incomplete, it is not due to the Committee's unwillingness to investigate, but the State Department's intransigence.  It is our obligation and duty to continue to ask probing questions and investigate all details as they continue to come to light - as they invariably will.   Despite the Committee's best efforts to investigate all relevant threads of information, I still feel strongly that there remains a disappointing lack of accountability. It is my hope that this bipartisan report will serve as a foundation to continue the discussion and search for answers. 
In case you missed it: I joined Bill LuMaye yesterday to discuss unemployment benefits. Click below to listen.
Families across North Carolina and our country have already received cancellation notices from their health insurers, and more bad news is coming—a second wave of cancellation notices are expected to hit millions more this year.     At this rate, we have more cancellations of health care coverage than sign-ups to #Obamacare. #brokenpromises
“Obamacare's biggest problem isn't the troubled HealthCare.gov website anymore.”   LA Times is reporting that many policy holders under #Obamacare cannot confirm if they are covered, let alone receive care.
Today’s Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Inspector General (IG) report highlighting insufficient practices to protect electronic health records is deeply concerning. It is particularly troubling that the issues raised today are not new, but echo those highlighted by my colleagues and I last year. Today’s report is another example of the Administration falling short when it comes to implementation of IT initiatives and only increases my concerns regarding the security of consumer’s information under the Affordable Care Act. When it comes to protecting patient’s information, the Administration’s actions continue to speak louder than their promises. Billions of taxpayer dollars are being spent to advance health information technology under the HITECH Act and the Administration should ensure that the American people’s investment is sound and their information secure.
I am pleased to be a cosponsor on Senator Ayotte’s amendment that will pay for the unemployment insurance extension and would repeal the unfair Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees. It is my hope that Senate Democrats will seriously consider this responsible amendment and will not throw our veterans and unemployed under the bus.
#Obamacare architect says you can keep your doctor... if you’re willing to pay more. #brokenpromises
A new year, new #brokenpromises -- #Obamacare increases emergency care usage. #trainwreck
Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas.
The White House still doesn’t understand, no amount of exemptions or changes to this law will make it workable or affordable. It’s time for a real solution.
If you missed my interview with Bill LuMaye yesterday, you can listen to it now by clicking below.
Last year, I introduced and the Senate unanimously passed the Haqqani Network Terrorist Designation Act, which led to the State Department declaring the Haqqani Network as a foreign terrorist organization. I am very pleased that Senate Leadership included my amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, which calls on the Secretary of Defense to issue a report outlining the Defense Department’s strategy to disrupt and degrade the Haqqani Network’s activities and finances.
I will be joining Bill LuMaye today at 3pm.   To tune in, click below.
$10 million spent on Superman advertising, big dollars invested in researching pertinent questions like “Team Edward or Team Jacob?”, and $500 million on paradise homes in Hawaii – all brought to you by the federal government.   Click below to read more about the federal government’s wasteful spending in this year’s Wastebook. #Wastebook2013
While I applaud Chairman Ryan's efforts to prevent another government shutdown, I have decided upon further review to oppose allowing this bill to move forward. After reviewing in detail the significant changes made to the Senate budget rules that would allow Senate Democrats to circumvent the 60-vote threshold in order to pass a tax increase or increase spending, I have determined I cannot support cloture on the agreement.
http://bit.ly/1bCe6JW
Do you think the federal government should be allowed to share your private data – like your social security number or home address – with federal agencies or “private research” organizations outside of the government? How about federal bureaucrats who want to store your personal information for up to four years for “research”?  That’s precisely what many in Congress want.    Below is a video of my concerns regarding Wyden Amendment #1, which would allow broad access to your personal data.
Last evening, I spoke on the Senate floor about the failures of #Obamacare, pulling largely from my floor speeches from ’09. What I said 4 years ago still stands true today.
Today in the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I had a chance to question Under Secretary Hickey on the backlog.   Click below to watch the exchange.
More #Obamacare #brokenpromises: High deductibles may mean that “some sick or injured people may avoid treatment so they don't rack up high bills their insurance won't cover.”
Nelson Mandela's compassion and humility in the face of overwhelming adversity remains an inspiration. The people of South Africa will forever be in debt for his role in ending apartheid, and the rest of the world inspired by his leading a divided nation into a new, prosperous era. Today, we all mourn his passing, but take comfort in the enduring lessons of his life that will live forever.
A new Gallup poll shows that individuals “who are familiar with the healthcare law are significantly more likely to oppose it than those who are not familiar with it.” #trainwreck
Today, I urge you and your family to take time to reflect on all the things we as a nation have to be grateful for. Let us give thanks for those brave individuals who have come before us and sacrificed their lives for our freedoms and our security. Let us keep the men and women in uniform who are currently serving our nation and their families in our thoughts and prayers, and remember the debt of gratitude we owe them when they return home.  Please keep in mind our fellow Americans who are struggling to provide for their families in this economy. For all that we have to be thankful for, let us express it through doing what we can to help our neighbors. Each year, volunteers assist the homeless and others in need and they spread a message of hope through their good work.  For all of that, I want to give thanks to God our Creator and wish you and yours a safe and happy Thanksgiving.
http://1.usa.gov/1i1KQFT
The American people know what they get when the Senate removes the 60-vote threshold and the minority is stripped of its rights: they get unchecked power by the Executive Branch.  The President and Harry Reid might not like the American people playing a role in outcomes through the minority, but it has worked well for over 200 years.  This change is a blatant attempt to change the debate about the Democrats’ health care plan as the consequences of this disastrous law are felt around the country, but it has ramifications far beyond the debate surrounding Obamacare.
Today, Senator Casey and I, along with our 50 Senate co-sponsors and 305 House co-sponsors, urge Congress to pass the ABLE Act and allow families of disabled kids to have equal access to existing tax-free savings accounts.   Learn more by clicking below.
#Obamacare success story cited by President Obama last month turns out to be a failure thanks to multiple miscalculations by the Washington state health exchange. #trainwreck
After years of hard work, I am very proud to see the Drug Quality and Security Act sent to the President to be signed into law. This bipartisan bill reflects a collaborative effort to secure our nation's pharmaceutical drug supply, giving patients renewed confidence in its safety and security.  I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their hard work and steadfast commitment to seeing this process through to the end.
North Carolinians continue to suffer under #Obamacare – when will the President face reality and scrap this #trainwreck for commonsense, patient-centered reforms?
President Obama’s attempt at political damage control today did absolutely nothing to provide relief for the damage already inflicted on individuals who already had health care coverage and the entire health care industry as a result of Obamacare.  Click below to read the rest of my statement.   http://1.usa.gov/1cZspzx
If you missed Kathleen’s story, which I shared on the Senate floor, you can watch it by clicking below.
I’ll be on the floor a little after 10am today to share one constituent’s #Obamacare story. #yourstory  Click below to watch the live stream from CSPAN 2.
Today I addressed the Senate about the importance of strengthening the security of the United States’ drug supply chain.   Click below to watch.
Did you miss Friday’s newsletter? Click below to read about legislative updates in the Senate and to view videos of my questions to HHS Secretary Sebelius and CMS Administrator Tavenner.
Today is a time when we look back and reflect on the service and sacrifice of our nation’s service-members and veterans.  These individuals selflessly give of themselves to defend our freedoms, and we are constantly humbled by their strength and courage.  While we may never repay the debt borne by those who paid the ultimate sacrifice, we must never waiver in our commitment to honor their memory by caring for those who continue the fight.
Our nation’s veterans served our country with honor and should not be forgotten when they return home.   Click below to read how we’re trying to eliminate veteran homelessness by 2015.
According to Forbes, NC premiums will increase by 136% due to #Obamacare. Sorry isn’t enough, Mr. President.
Brooke and I wish Howard Coble all the best in his retirement and thank him for his service.
Today Brooke and I would like to wish the Reverend Billy Graham a happy 95th birthday.  Rev. Graham has reached billions of people worldwide and has certainly touched the state of North Carolina with his kindness, wisdom and love.  We are a more compassionate nation because of Rev. Graham’s life’s work and it is my hope his teachings continue to resonate and have an impact for years to come.
Today, during the Senate Committee on Finance, I was able to question HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius.   Click below to watch.
Stories from families in North Carolina have been rolling in – have you shared #yourstory?
  
 republican.senate.gov/yourstory
Today, during the HELP committee hearing I questioned CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner. Concerns were raised about canceled policies, higher premiums, the broken website, and security issues.   Click below to watch.
Let #yourstory be heard – let us know how #Obamacare has affected you and your family: republican.senate.gov/YourStory
North Carolinians are being hit hard by health care cancellations – are you one of them? Share #yourstory here: republican.senate.gov/YourStory
Six people? Seriously?
Today I highlighted the issues with the current formula in the Older Americans Act, something I’ve been posting about here, to my colleagues on the HELP committee. While all of them conceded that I was right and the formula is in fact broken, I was disappointed that they chose again to ignore the issue and do nothing to fix this inequity.   To read more about the current formula and what OAA is, click below.
North Carolina’s 60+ population has grown by 47% since  2000.
The current Older Americans Act formula is unfair and out-dated. Time to update so the dollars follow the seniors.
Not only are millions losing their health care coverage under Obamacare but none of this is a surprise to the White House. So much for "If you like your doctor or health care plan, you can keep it." #DoesObamaCare
CBS News is reporting more than 2 million individuals have been told that their healthcare plans will not be renewed under Obamacare. #DoesObamaCare
Pelosi: “Fix the technology, and let’s not get too bogged down in what happens if they’re not able to fix it.” Seems to be a pattern.
WSJ compares yesterday’s Rose Garden speech to an “infomercial, complete with a 1-800 number.” #DoesObamaCare
#DoesObamaCare that Consumer Reports is advising readers to “stay away from HealthCare.gov”?
#DoesObamaCare that hundreds of thousands of people are losing their health care plans?
Yesterday I voted to re-open the federal government and extend the debt limit, read my full statement here.
Beginning today, October 1st, the federal government will be shut down and all non-essential operations will cease until Congress and the White House reach an agreement to restore funding.   As a result, my offices in Winston-Salem, Asheville, Gastonia, Rocky Mount, and Wilmington will be closed and constituent service operations will be temporarily suspended for the duration of the shutdown. My Washington, D.C. office will be operating at very limited capacity to support the core legislative functions needed to end the shutdown and restore government operations.  Click below to read my full statement.
I voted today to advance the exact bill that a handful of my colleagues asked for. Filibustering such a bill is not only the height of hypocrisy, but also lays bare for the world the hollowness of this so-called strategy. Continuing resolution or not, Obamacare will get funded because it is largely made up of mandatory programs. A legislative strategy that takes into account neither the rules of the Senate nor the mechanics of the law you are seeking to dismantle is not much of a strategy, and making things up on the fly is not responsible governing.  Read the rest of my statement by clicking below.
Last night I took to the Senate floor to discuss #Obamacare.  Watch my remarks below.
After years of hard work, progress on securing the nation’s drug supply chain is being made. Americans deserve the peace of mind that their medicines are safe and won’t result in tragedies like last year’s meningitis outbreak.   To read more about this issue, click below.
Senate unanimously votes to consider the House-passed CR that defunds #Obamacare
This morning I had the pleasure of meeting Lynn Rhymer and Thomas Cole -- recipients of NASSP’s yearly award for outstanding State Principals. Thank you for your exemplary work in North Carolina’s schools.
Every working parent knows access to child care is vital but it can be difficult to find safe, affordable care. The bipartisan Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2013 is one way to ensure parents have access to quality care for their children.   Read more about CCDBG by clicking below.
Click below to read the Congressional Budget Office’s new debt projections.
Today, in honor of Constitution Day, I encourage everyone to take some time to read through the document that was so painstakingly crafted by our Founding Fathers.
NA
Over the past two years, Bashar al-Assad has brutally murdered over 100,000 of his own people and has used chemical weapons 12 times, with the loss of civilian life increasing with each attack and the latest culminating in the death of over 400 children. These facts are indisputable and demonstrate the serious threat that these weapons of mass destruction pose to the security of the region and the world. It is my preference to see this situation end diplomatically. However, that requires the threat of military action moving the international community to pressure Assad to accept a certifiable and enforceable solution. Should these efforts fail, the United States must be prepared to take necessary, punitive military action against the Syrian regime to protect our long-term security and send the message to the world that the use of these weapons will not be tolerated.
Today marks a solemn day for our nation as we remember with great sadness the many precious lives we lost in the attacks of September 11, 2001. The perpetrators of those senseless acts of violence sought to challenge our freedoms and tear down our way of life, but were instead met with the strength of our resolve, our capacity to care, and commitment to each other.  This anniversary, we must tragically open our hearts for four more souls. Chris Stevens, Glen Doherty, Sean Smith and Tyrone Woods were taken from us during the attack on our embassy in Benghazi last year and we will never forget their bravery and service to our nation.  We will never forget those who died and the survivors, but let us also always remember the heroes and those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our safety and freedoms since that fateful morning.
I was pleased to speak at The North Carolina Business & Economic Development Summit this morning – thanks for having me. #NCBIZSUMMIT
Last week’s column in the Reflector was misleading and a dishonest analysis of the true impact of #Obamacare.   I penned a response which was featured in yesterday’s newspaper. Click below to read.
Happy #LaborDay, North Carolina
A new GAO report found that weak oversight and unclear rules has made the VA ripe for abuse. There is no doubt that our veterans deserve better.  Read more below.
The United States and our NATO allies must send a clear message to the Syrian regime and others in the region that there will be consequences for the use or spread of chemical weapons.   http://1.usa.gov/19NDtL3
Looking forward to honoring Jerry Smith this evening, who is celebrating his 100th birthday.   Click below to read more about Jerry, one of the original “Seabees.”
Did you know that a North Carolina company was the original producer of the “Support Our Troops” ribbon?
  
 I had the pleasure of visiting the company, Magnet America, today – thanks for having me.
Newest #Obamacare delay “obscured in a maze of legal and bureaucratic language…”  #Trainwreck
Is VA wrongly denying disability benefits to #veterans? Washington Post has a telling article about Agent Orange and its effect beyond the Vietnam War.
Today the President will sign the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act -- a big win for 100% of students and borrowers.  This bill ensures that student loan interest rates never become unaffordable for students and parents.
Provisions from S. 423 take effect on August 6th and may be of interest to all veterans submitting new benefit claims to VA:    Individuals filing claims for VA benefits can take a few steps on their own to try to avoid some of the delays and hassles of the VA claims process.  Experience has shown that, if claimants gather up the evidence VA will need and send it in with their claims, VA is able to decide those fully-developed claims with fewer delays. The provisions taking effect will allow up to one year of retroactive benefits if an original fully–developed claim is granted. To learn more, click below.
I am very pleased to see that our bipartisan #StudentLoan solution passed the House last evening. Students now have the certainty they deserve to plan for their financial futures.   http://bit.ly/14lioZS
Defunding and repealing Obamacare is smart, and is a worthy objective.  Unfortunately, the "strategy" of shutting down the government to achieve that goal is not smart, nor will it help us achieve our shared objective.    Click below to read my full blog post.
I’ll be on Fox & Friends this morning at 8:40am with Senator Manchin -- we will be discussing the passage of the Student Loan bill.   Be sure to tune in.
I am very pleased the Senate passed our bipartisan student loan bill today. I want to thank my cosponsors and all those who voted to provide lower interest rates for 100% of borrowers.  http://1.usa.gov/15guXSU
Even the White House is wondering when Senate Democrats will take up the bipartisan student loan bill. #DontDoubleMyRate   Click like if you’re ready for a permanent solution.
Today I sent a letter to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius asking the agency to make public the remaining information about insurance premiums, so Americans can plan ahead for their health care costs next year.   Click below to read more.
After much discussion and hard work, I am very pleased to announce a big victory for 100% of students & borrowers.   Click below to read
“Obamacare needs to be put on hold.”   Chicago Tribune’s editorial board calls for a delay of #Obamacare. Click below to read.
During Senator Warren’s floor speech on #studentloans she mentioned “obscene profits” being made on the backs of students. Today’s Washington Post gives her two pinocchios for the claim.   Click below to read the article.
Yesterday I joined 45 GOP Senators in sending a letter to POTUS urging the permanent delay of #Obamacare. As the deadline approaches many Democrats and Republicans have expressed their concern for the program, its rollout, and its catastrophic consequences for the American people.    Read our letter below.
If you're one of the 11 million students in the purple block, wouldn't you much rather be under our bill where 100% of undergrads see relief?
  
 Like if you agree #studentloans #DontDoubleMyRates
Washington Post’s recent piece on student loan rates calls the Reed/Hagan bill a “pathetic non-solution” and encourages Senators to “put their effort instead into finalizing a compromise plan that is well within their reach.” Our bipartisan compromise helps all students and provides a permanent solution.    Click below to read more. #studentloans #DontDoubleMyRates
Senator Harry Reid says he "isn't looking for a compromise." Those are harsh words for the 60% of undergrads whose rates will double under the Senate Democrats' plan.  Our bi-partisan solution lowers rates for all. #StudentLoans #DontDoubleMyRates
1 out of every 5 adults 20 years of age or older owe money on #StudentLoans, and more than half of them are worried about this debt.   Let’s give students and families a common sense, permanent solution.
The Fourth of July is both a celebration and demonstration of our national unity. It is an opportunity for people of all backgrounds and histories to join together under their common bonds as citizens of the United States of America. This Fourth of July, let us celebrate our nation, founded on the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, that has persevered for 237 years.   Let us also never forget that this celebration would not be possible without those who have served and continue to serve in our armed forces. We thank them for their selfless service and pray for them and their families.   God bless you all and may God bless the United States of America. Happy Fourth of July.
Passing a stop-gap measure year after year is not a solution, especially for students and families. #StudentLoans 
 
 Our solution here: http://1.usa.gov/11eeX5p
Last night the administration announced that they are delaying implementation of the employer mandate in #Obamacare. The only delay that will really help the American people is a permanent one. #Trainwreck
Fidelity Investments found 70% of the class of 2013 is graduating with debt averaging $35,200 and 50% of them are surprised by the amount of debt they accumulated.  Click below to check out the "Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act" which provides a long-term fix for all #studentloans.
"Moderate Dems increasingly accept that rates have to be tied to something resembling economic reality." #StudentLoans
Student Loan debt now surpasses auto and credit card debt – something families and students cannot afford. Our plan gives some relief, saving students $8.8 billion in 2013 alone.
  
 Share this is if you want a permanent fix.
The reason why #StudentLoan rates doubled today: "I'm not looking for a compromise." - Senator Harry Reid  If you're interested in our solution, click below.
Today I joined my co-sponsors of the #StudentLoan bill to discuss our permanent, bi-partisan solution. We're tired of this issue being a political football. Let's solve the problem.
Congratulations to my friend and fellow North Carolinian, Anthony Foxx, on his confirmation as Transportation Secretary.
After much hard work, I am pleased to announce a bipartisan compromise on #StudentLoans that will provide a permanent, market-based solution to addressing our nation’s student loan problem.   To read more about it, click below.
Instead of declaring war on industries, we should be encouraging a thriving & sustainable American energy market.
 
 Share if you agree.
Any effort to address illegal immigration must secure the border first and provide for real enforcement.  The Corker-Hoeven amendment does not achieve this goal, and I will vote against it.  Barring significant — and at this point highly unlikely — changes to the underlying bill, I will vote against it as well.
Only 99 days until #Obamacare’s official start – is HHS ready? #TrainWreck
Today I joined the Concerned Veterans for America breakfast to discuss the VA backlog. As I have said many times before, we cannot wait for the right moment, we need to solve the backlog now. Months or years of waiting is not acceptable -- people’s lives depend on our ability to do our job, so we absolutely must do better. #VAreform #VAbacklog   “Like” if you agree.
I joined the #NJFuelingNation conference this morning to discuss American energy independence.
I was terribly sad to hear of Gov. Jim Holshouser’s passing.  Gov. Holshouser was one of the kindest and most sincere people to ever become involved in North Carolina politics.  Staying true to his mountain roots, Jim would always shoot you straight and stay true to his word.  His lifelong dedication to service to our state was defined by many outstanding accomplishments that made North Carolina a better place to live.  To those of us who knew him personally, Jim was a trusted counselor, leader, and, most importantly, a great friend.  Today, all North Carolinians have lost one of the true statesmen of our time.
Today the HELP committee is reviewing the "Every Child Ready for College or Career Act."
 
 Share if you think it's time to address our children's education.
For too long, parents, teachers and students have suffered under the continuous overreach of federal bureaucrats who have wrestled education away from state and local communities in order centralize decision-making in Washington, DC.  I do not believe that the best way to help our students and teachers succeed is to impose a one-size-fits-all, top-down approach.  It’s time to return control back to state and local communities – the ones who are best suited to address their own needs and effect change.   Click below to read more.
Today I addressed my colleagues on the Senate floor about student loans. Congress is not here to pick winners or losers or to choose politically easy solutions – we need to permanently fix student loans for 100% of students & parents.   To watch my speech, click below.
Senate Democrats’ solution to student loans only helps a fraction of students and families and merely extends the existing, arbitrary rate for a minority of loans, and for just two years — a politically easy move that will only hurt students in the long run.   However, Senator Alexander, Senator Coburn, and I are offering a permanent solution for 100 percent of loans.   Click below to read our New York Times op-ed that lays out our plan.
Unlike Senate Democrats, our student loan solution would permanently fix and lower rates for 100% of borrowers.
Sad to hear of Sen. Lautenberg’s passing. He was a good man who served NJ and this nation honorably.
As you spend today with your family and friends, I ask you to reflect on the service and sacrifice of our nation's service-members and veterans.  These individuals selflessly give themselves to defend our freedoms and we are constantly humbled by their strength and courage.  Happy Memorial Day.
If Senator Feinstein wants to ban tobacco products, she should introduce legislation banning it – not single out legal commodities.  'Like' if you agree
Another Inspector General report?  DOJ officials using media to undermine reporters. Click below to read more.
Yesterday in the HELP committee, I expressed my concerns about appointing Thomas Perez as Labor Secretary. Watch my remarks by clicking below.
Astonishing, the same official in charge of the IRS unit under investigation is now in charge of Obamacare enforcement.
The IRS faces class action lawsuit over theft of 60 million medical records
The Taxpayer Advocate Office (TAO), a federal IRS overseer, has warned the new health law may require more IRS intrusions on taxpayer privacy.  The same administration and federal agency that gave us the IRS scandal are also in charge of the enforcement of Obamacare.
Obama found out about the IRS scandal and the DOJ's probe into AP via the news? He advocates for bigger government but can’t seem to keep up with his own administration.
Kermit Gosnell has been convicted of three counts of first-degree murder. While justice has been served in Philadelphia, his conviction reaffirms the need for greater oversight at these facilities to prevent these tragedies from ever happening again. Unfortunately, a common-sense resolution that I supported last week in the Senate, which aimed to investigate and correct the policies that led to Gosnell’s disturbing practices, was blocked by Senate Democrats.   Click here to learn more: http://bit.ly/13fcBxI
The revelations over the weekend that the IRS has been intentionally targeting conservative groups are both disgraceful and inexcusable.  The deliberate harassment of any individual or organization for their political beliefs is absolutely unacceptable and threatens the very essence of our individual rights as protected by our Constitution.  While the IRS apologized for their actions on Friday, reports over the weekend demonstrate that much wider problems exist and that senior officials within the organization failed to correct the situation for nearly two years before the truth was finally revealed.  President Obama needs to come out immediately to condemn these practices in the harshest of terms and hold people accountable.  Where the administration has failed in protecting the public’s trust, my colleagues and I in Congress will work tirelessly to find answers, demand accountability, and restore trust in our institutions of government.
A program to help homeless veterans is important, but we can’t just stop once they have a roof over their head. We need a holistic approach.   Click below to watch more.
Today we honor the spouses of our military men & women whose difficulties we may never fully understand. I hope every American takes the opportunity to thank military spouses in their communities.
Happy 100th birthday to the great city of Winston-Salem. Proud to call you my home.
Watch my appearance on last night’s NC Now where I discuss sequestration, homeless veterans, and other legislative priorities for the 113th Congress.
During a recent appearance on a radio show, Harry Reid said the following about Obamacare, “Max [Baucus] said unless we implement this properly it’s going to be a train wreck, and I agree with him.”   “Like” if you think Obamacare is going to be a train wreck.
On last night's ABC11 I discussed the Boston bombings with Larry Stogner -- to watch, click below.
Having served with Mel, I know of his commitment to sustainable federal housing programs and am confident he will work hard to protect taxpayers from future exposure to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  I look forward to working with Rep. Watt in his new role to find new ways to facilitate more private sector involvement in the housing and mortgage markets.
I am pleased to see the president look to North Carolina to fill this important cabinet position, and I congratulate Mayor Foxx on this honor.  I look forward to introducing Mayor Foxx to my colleagues and working with him as his nomination moves through the Senate.  I believe he will ably serve North Carolina and our nation as the next Secretary of Transportation.
Did you miss Friday's newsletter? Click below to read.  Don't forget to share with your friends.
I was honored to join the American Bar Association TIPS at their Leadership in Action Luncheon – Happy 80th birthday and again, congrats to all award recipients.
Due to recent events surrounding the ricin mailings, there are lingering questions about the security of constituent mail and possible delays in its delivery. It is important to remember that amidst these unfortunate events, the mail screening system worked exactly the way it was intended to and everyone remained safe. Therefore, as a result of these developments, I encourage all North Carolinians to communicate with my office via our website, burr.senate.gov, or by sending mail directly to my Washington, DC office. As always, my staff will make sure that your letter gets to the appropriate person.
American families are already making sacrifices to make ends meet amidst a weak economy, can they really afford a higher tax burden? Obama thinks they can.   Tax Policy Center finds that Obama’s budget would cause a higher tax burden on most Americans. Read more below.
First it was White House tours, now it’s FAA furloughs -- the President continues to choose politics over leadership.    How about cuts in the nearly $500 million spent on consultants and $325 million on supplies and travel?
I want to thank our law enforcement for all of their hard work and hope with this development we will have more information about why this happened.
The FBI has released photos of the Boston bombing suspects. Please visit FBI.gov and Call 1-800-CALL-FBI if you have any information.
The Manchin-Toomey Amendment has failed -- I am proud to defend law-abiding Americans' Second Amendment rights.
Tune into C-SPAN 2 at 1:05 to hear me discuss protecting our veteran’s Second Amendment rights.   Don’t forget to share with your friends.
I oppose the Manchin-Toomey amendment and will vote against it. I supported having a debate on the issue of violent crime, but as I made clear from the outset, I will oppose any legislation that chips away at our Constitutional rights.  After reviewing the current text of the Manchin-Toomey proposal, I have numerous Second Amendment, due process and privacy concerns that make the legislation too problematic for it to ever become law.
Like all Americans, I am following the tragic news out of Boston.  My thoughts and prayers are with all of those who are affected.
Today on the Bill LuMaye Show I discussed gun control legislation and the President’s budget. Click below to listen and don’t forget to share with your friends.
Today on the Bill LuMaye Show I discussed gun control legislation and the President’s budget. Click below to listen and don’t forget to share with your friends.
Regarding today’s earlier vote, I was pleased Senate leadership agreed to unlimited debate and amendments; that has always been my threshold for voting to allow legislation to be considered.  Given that understanding, the issue can receive a full and open debate, amendments, and an amendment process with multiple opportunities to stop, alter, or kill the legislation.
I am pleased the President has taken some steps towards the reforms we need to enact, but based on the budget his Administration has submitted to Congress it appears there is a long journey ahead of us.    Simply put, the President's reform efforts are over-shadowed by the new taxes and new government programs that fail any reasonable test of financial sustainability.  The President, his Cabinet, and his Administration must understand that we need to reduce the size, scope, and cost of the federal government—not feed its unrestricted growth.
This morning I was sad to hear the news of Margaret Thatcher’s passing. The former Prime Minister was always a great friend and ally of the United States. Join me as I pay tribute to her memory by sharing my favorite quote from the Iron Lady.  “The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money.”
Today I am celebrating Gold Star Wives Day, a day to honor the members of Gold Star Wives of America, a volunteer organization that has assisted widows and survivors of fallen military members since it was founded in 1945, and thank them for their untiring efforts and support.   Click like to show your support.
The VA claims process has been plagued by errors, delays, and backlogs for many years.  Click below to watch a short segment on the backlog issue.
Health Care claims costs in North Carolina will rise by 13.5% due to Obamacare.
  
 Share if you think this kind of reform is unacceptable.
Today marks the third anniversary of Obamacare. In 2010, we were told that "we have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it" and after three years we now know that Obamacare is full of broken promises and consequences that hurt the American people. 
 
 Share if you are tired of broken promises.
Early this morning I voted against the Senate Democrat budget. While I am pleased that the Senate majority has brought its first budget in four years to the floor of the Senate, I regret the product that ultimately emerged.   This budget adds trillions of dollars to the nation’s debt, despite also raising taxes by more than $1 trillion. We need a budget that cuts federal spending, provides for serious, comprehensive reform of our tax code, and places our social safety net programs on a sustainable footing. This budget does none of these things, and shows once again that Senate Democrats are unserious about addressing them.
Tomorrow is Obamacare’s third anniversary – has it lived up to all of the promises that were made?   Click below to watch and share if you’re sick of broken promises from Washington.
Republican Senators launched a site today dedicated to cutting wasteful spending. It includes a video produced by my office, along with other interesting and educational content about the run-away spending in Washington.  Share this if you're ready for Washington to cut wasteful spending.
Under the Senate Democrats budget, debt per household would increase $50,000 over ten years to over $190,000 per household.  
 
 Families across America are struggling to makes ends meet, but many in Washington seem to think the answer is to spend more money.  Share this if you think it is irresponsible to saddle American families with even more debt and pass the bill along to future generations of Americans.
Did you miss Friday's newsletter? Click below to get caught up, and don't forget to share it with others interested in what is going on in Washington.
Released earlier this week, the Senate Democrats’ budget is even worse than was initially reported - it contains $1.5 Trillion in tax hikes and, despite these increases, it still adds $7.3 trillion to our debt over the next 10 years.  Share if you believe that we can't tax our way out of debt when spending is the real problem.
As a strong supporter of our nation’s veterans and the Constitutional rights of all law-abiding citizens, I introduced legislation today that would end the arbitrary process through which the government strips veterans and other VA beneficiaries of their Second Amendment rights.   Share this if you believe that the men and women who have fought and sacrificed for our country should have the same rights as all other Americans.
The Senate Judiciary Committee approved Senator Dianne Feinstein's (D-Calif.) ban on assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition clips. Rest assured that I will fight ANY effort that infringes on our 2nd Amendment Rights.  Share this if you support the Constitutional rights of American citizens.
The bureaucracy of our veterans’ health care system has become so bloated that our nation’s veterans are suffering as a result.    I introduced a bill to reallocate and better target funds to improve the quality and consistency of health care for our nation’s war heroes.  By reducing the number of administrative offices and reallocating staff and resources to our VA medical centers in the field, we can provide our nation’s veterans and their families with the quality care they deserve.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/ZKFp0F
Yesterday, the President signed into law the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2013 (PAHPRA), a bill that will protect our nation from bioterrorism and pandemics.    I authored the original law in 2006 and am proud that this important bill was reauthorized.  The American people must be protected if an attack occurs, and this law will help ensure that we are better prepared to respond to threats facing our nation, whether they are naturally occurring or deliberate attacks.
Yesterday I introduced a bill that would expand the timeframe of eligibility for those veterans and family members affected by diseases and conditions resulting from the exposure to contaminated well-water at Camp Lejeune. These men and women have been suffering through no fault of their own and we owe them the care they need without delay.  Click below to read more.
Today I was proud to sign on as a co-sponsor to Senator Ted Cruz and United States Senator Mike Lee's amendment to defund Obamacare.  Like this is if you're ready to take back control of your health care and get it out of the government's hands.
For the first time in 92 years, Congress is starting the budgetary process without the President’s proposal, which is now over a month late.   Share this if you’re ready for a fiscally responsible budget that guides America back into a prosperous future.
To listen to my interview with Bo Thompson on WBT this morning, click here: http://bit.ly/YWT1qm
TUNE IN: At 8:23 this morning I will be talking with Bo Thompson on WBT Radio's Charlotte Morning News program.  Listen live here: http://bit.ly/acLrRw
Today, at 12:34pm ET, I will be on air with Dennis Miller to discuss the Careers for Veterans Act.  To listen live, follow this link: http://www.dennismillerradio.com/  I hope you can tune in.
Today I introduced the Careers for Veterans Act, a bill that would help create long-term, sustainable jobs for America’s veterans by transitioning the skills, licenses and credentials they gained through their service into jobs in the civilian workforce.  To read more about this bill, click below.
Last night, I joined a group of Republican Senators and the President for a discussion about our economy and our national debt.    The problems facing our nation are numerous, complex, and cannot be solved in a single night, but I am hopeful the President will work with Congress to fix our entitlement programs so they are viable for future generations of Americans and reform our tax code so that we can encourage economic growth, promote job creation, and provide a prosperous future for American families and businesses.
Over 3,500 North Carolinians will be affected by the President's decision to cancel tours of the White House.  
 
 His message to the American people?  You Are Not Welcome.
The White House has a chief calligrapher who makes $96,700 per year.  The chief calligrapher has a staff of 2 who make over $180,000 per year combined.  That is almost $300,000 on handwriting, yet the President chooses to cancel tours of the White House to save money?    When the President places more importance on handwriting than allowing the American people to visit and tour the White House, it is clear that his priorities are out of line.  The White House belongs to the American people, not the President.
Today, my office was notified by the White House that the President has decided to stop allowing American citizens to visit and tour the White House.    The President has discretion over where to make cuts to comply with sequestration requirements, and to prevent American citizens from visiting the White House represents a desperate attempt to make sequestration seem more painful than it needs to be.    Rest assured my office will continue providing tours of the U.S. Capitol building for North Carolinians visiting Washington.  We welcome you and encourage you to visit.
On Friday, I spoke with WPTF's Bill LuMaye about sequestration - how did we get here and what does it mean?  To listen to the interview, follow this link:   http://bit.ly/1vjxKL
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is deliberately delaying care to family members of Marines who were exposed to toxic water on-base at Camp Lejeune.  It has been six months since the Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act was signed by the President, yet VA continues to slow-roll the implementation of a process that will pay for care provided to men and women poisoned through no fault of their own. These are family members who have no way to pay for their own care and who are suffering and dying.   The VA’s two year timeline to help these people is unacceptable.  I will continue to hold VA leadership accountable and do all I can to speed this process along so care can be provided to the people who need and deserve it.   http://bit.ly/Vul15V
Because of the President’s unwillingness to work with Congress to prevent sequestration, these automatic spending cuts will go into effect today, March 1.  While I was hopeful we could reach an agreement that would make more prioritized spending cuts that would address real  waste, fraud, and abuse in federal spending, the truth is Washington has a spending problem and we need to begin to cut the size and scope of the federal government.  Unfortunately, the sequester plan was crafted by the President and, rather that working with Congress to avoid the cuts, he moved the goal posts by asking for yet another tax-hike.    Sequestration was the President’s plan all along.  He and his Cabinet do have some discretion on how these cuts will be implemented, such as whether or not to fill vacant positions or to cancel conferences and non-essential travel.  This week, the Senate voted on a plan to give the President even more flexibility allowing him to target cuts toward inefficient programs, but the President responded with a veto threat against this bill because it didn’t meet his demand for another tax increase to pay for government spending.  While the Senate rejected this proposal, it also rejected a proposal by the majority that not only included tax increases but also actually increased spending.
The Washington Post calls out The White House over distortions on sequester.  Share this if you're tired of this administration's fear-mongering.
In the 1400 days since the Senate passed a budget, you could have driven from Manteo, NC to Murphy, NC 3,952 times.
10,500,000,000 Krispy Kreme donuts have been sold since Senate Democrats last passed a budget. 
 
 If you are ready for a budget, share this with your friends.
Today marks the 1400th day since Senate Democrats last fulfilled their constitutional obligation to pass a budget. The result has been wasteful spending, higher deficits, and less opportunity for Americans.  Below I've linked to a blog addressing the lack of action and its impact on the American people. Click 'like' if you agree we need a budget.
This afternoon, I voted against Chuck Hagel's nomination to serve as Secretary of Defense.  The vote tally will be posted here: http://1.usa.gov/YW7JLW
Students from Carrboro High School visit DC while learning about global poverty.
As sequestration draws near, Congress is still no closer to a compromise. WFMY News 2 / Digtriad.com aired my thoughts on this issue last week.   Click below to watch.
Vietnam veteran, Larry Holder, was awarded the Silver Star last Wednesday in Charlotte. Holder, a medic, ran through machine gun fire, threw his body on top of an injured soldier and took bullets to keep his fellow soldier alive. 
 
 Read more about about this hero here: http://bit.ly/XBHlXt
 
 Click 'like' to join us in honoring this man for his act of valor, and for selflessly serving our country.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) helps preserve parks and wildlife habitats using funds from oil and gas royalties.  What North Carolina park or landmark supported by LWCF is your favorite?
Colonel Ernest C. Holland served our country in three wars and it was an honor to preside over a medal ceremony yesterday commemorating his service and sacrifice to our country.    See WFMY News 2 / Digtriad.com's story below. 
Click below if you missed Friday's newsletter that includes my response to the State of the Union and my comments during the Senate Finance Committee hearing for Jack Lew.
This morning I spoke with Bo Thompson on Charlotte's Morning News on WBT 1110 AM about my reaction to the State of the Union address and confirmation hearings for Jack Lew to serve as Secretary of the Treasury and John Brennan to serve as Director of the CIA.    Follow this link to listen to the interview:  http://burr.senate.gov/public/_files/021513RBonWBTradio.mp3
Today, I introduced a bipartisan bill to renew and improve the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF).   I have seen firsthand the role that the Land and Water Conservation Fund plays in maintaining North Carolina's reputation as one of the most scenic and unique states in the country. Click below to read more.
Click below to see a video of my questions to Jack Lew, the President's nominee to serve as Treasury Secretary.
President Obama’s State of the Union address sounded a lot like rhetoric we have heard from him in years past, but as we have learned, actions speak louder than words.  It is time for the President to stop lecturing Congress and face the facts – his policies have failed, and they are making our economy worse.  Our national debt is at an all time high, unemployment is rampant, and federal spending threatens to bankrupt our entitlement programs and will bury the next generation of Americans in debt.    Many of the challenges the President addressed tonight are the direct result of expanding the size and scope of the federal government and increasing the debt limit in hopes of putting our economy back on the right track.  However, as families in North Carolina and across the nation know, throwing money at our problems is not the way to address our economic issues.     Words alone will not turn our economy around and put America back on the right track.  I hope the President will work with Congress to reform our entitlement programs so they are viable for future generations of Americans and fix our tax code so that we can promote job creation, encourage economic growth, and provide a prosperous, fiscally sound future for American families.
Today, I introduced a bill to improve America’s preparedness and response capabilities for chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats.    Whether these threats occur naturally, like pandemic flu, or are the result of an intentional attack, we must be prepared to quickly and effectively respond to all threats, including having necessary, life-saving medical countermeasures.  You can read more about this bill here: http://1.usa.gov/UFlym8
Yesterday's Armed Services Committee hearing on Chuck Hagel's nomination to be Secretary of Defense confirmed for me many of the concerns I had about the nomination. After reviewing the hearing, and Senator Hagel's answers to the questions put to him, it is clear that I cannot support his nomination and I will vote against his nomination should it reach the Senate floor.
I will fight any effort to further infringe on the Second Amendment rights of American citizens, whether it is legislation or executive action by the President. I am open to having a conversation about ways in which our nation can address mental health issues and reduce violence, but I will not stand by while the President and others try to restrict the rights of law-abiding American citizens.
Today, U.S. Senator Richard Burr applauded the signing of two bills by the President, S. 3202, the Dignified Burial and other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012, and H.R. 4057, the Improving Transparency of Education Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2012.     S. 3202 included two provisions sponsored by Senator Burr.  The first will help ensure the long-term efficiency of the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims by requiring all judges to live within 50 miles of the Washington, DC, metropolitan area.     “As anyone who has managed a business or office can tell you, things tend to run more smoothly when those people integral to the day-to-day operations are present,” Senator Burr said.  “If Veterans Court judges have to travel across the country to get to their offices, it could make it difficult for them to fully engage in their case work, manage their staff, and carry out their judicial functions. Our nation’s veterans could suffer from these inefficiencies.  By requiring judges to live near the court’s office, we can help ensure that veterans receive the timely decisions from the Court that they deserve.”   Another provision that Senator Burr sponsored will help ensure that every veteran receives a dignified burial by authorizing VA to furnish a casket or urn to a deceased veteran when they are unable to identify the veteran’s next-of-kin and sufficient resources are not otherwise available.   “We owe a great deal to our nation’s veterans and servicemembers, and our duty to them does not end when they pass away,” said Senator Burr.  “We must ensure that their remains are treated with dignity and respect and they are buried in a manner that reflects the honor they deserve.”  “Additionally, I’m pleased to have worked with Chairman Patty Murray (D-WA), as well as our colleagues on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, on passage the Improving Transparency of Education Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2012.  This legislation, which will help provide increased information to veterans pursuing post-secondary education and better national outreach strategies for those populations, is the result of hard work during the legislative process, but also invaluable feedback from the higher education community that will play a critical role in the success of this legislation.”
Listen to my interview with Bill LuMaye where we discuss the fiscal cliff vote and the importance of establishing permanent tax rates for American families.     http://www.wptf.com/goout.asp?u=http://billlumaye.blogspot.com
Senator Richard Burr issued the following statement on his vote to prevent a tax increase on 99% of Americans:   “While the deal we voted on tonight was far from perfect and not as comprehensive as I had hoped, I supported this proposal because it protects 99% of Americans from increased taxes, it provides permanent certainty on the estate tax and Alternative Minimum Tax, it provides one year of protection for the reimbursement of doctors, it extends unemployment insurance for one year, and the net result of the deal provides over $600 billion that should be used to pay down our national debt.”
