Yesterday I visited Carthage and talked about ways we can grow jobs at home in Missouri by encouraging international tourism to the U.S.
As we celebrate the holiday season with our friends and families, let us take a moment to say a special thank you to our country’s military heroes stationed and deployed around the world. These brave men and women defend our country and allies, often sacrificing spending time with their family and loved ones in order to keep us safe. We owe these heroes a debt of gratitude for keeping America safe. Please join me in saying thank you to our military heroes and their families this holiday season for all that they do so that we are able to enjoy the freedoms that make this nation great. #HappyHolidays
Great morning boxing donations with my son, Charlie, and talking about the importance of charitable giving with Chad Higdon.
Americans deserve to know the impact of the upcoming Supreme Court case of King v. Burwell and how it could affect their health care costs, options, and taxes. Forbes covered my letter with Senator Barrasso (Wyo.) and our fellow Senate Republican leaders to the Obama Administration’s Treasury Secretary and HHS Secretary Burwell. Please read and share your thoughts with me below.
Great talking with Osage County leaders today about ways job creators and workers can support advanced manufacturing jobs in Missouri. The bicameral passage of the bipartisan bill I introduced with Senator Brown is great news for our state as it would jump-start good-paying jobs for workers in Missouri and across the nation.
Today I’ll be hearing from local leaders, elected officials, and job creators in Callaway, Osage, and Maries Counties about their concerns about the impact of costly and burdensome government regulations. How does government over-regulation affect you?
I voted with Senator Cruz this weekend to show my disapproval for the president’s executive amnesty plan, and I am proud to co-sign this amicus brief with Senators Cruz and Cornyn against President Obama's lawless immigration power grab. As Republicans prepare to take control of the Senate next year, I will continue to fight against this administration’s blatant disregard for the law and the Constitution.
Next year, the new Republican-led Congress is waging a war for women. We’re waging a war for families, workers, seniors and young people who have been burdened by the current administration’s policies. Read my op-ed in The Hill today and send me your thoughts in the comments below.
The bicameral passage of the bipartisan manufacturing bill I introduced with Senator Brown is great news for #jobs in Missouri and nationwide. I urge the president to sign this bill into law immediately. Please share if you agree.
The Gateway Arch in St. Louis attracts thousands of visitors from around the world and helps support businesses and jobs in and around the St. Louis area. Several important provisions that I helped secure were included in the final bipartisan omnibus bill that passed this weekend, allowing us to continue to support the St. Louis Gateway Arch and benefit the economic health of the region.
Agriculture supports more than 16 million jobs across America and is the number one industry in Missouri – directly responsible for roughly 16% of our state’s workforce. I am pleased that several key agriculture priorities that I championed were included in the bipartisan omnibus that passed the Senate this weekend. Programs in this bill touch the lives of every American, every day, and I’m pleased we were able to provide certainty for our nation’s farmers and ranchers so they can continue working to feed the country and the world.
I’m honored to rejoin the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in the 114th Congress at a time when the nation continues to face real threats from enemies who wish us harm. I look forward to building on my experience working on these issues in the House and Senate, and I plan to stay fully engaged in the discussion surrounding the relocation of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and working to ensure that facility stays in Missouri.
Travel and tourism support good jobs in Missouri. I’m pleased Congress approved a five-year extension of Brand USA to promote international travel to the U.S. This is an effort I’ve been very involved in, both as a member of the House and the Senate, and I’m glad to see it move forward to the president’s desk.
I’m very pleased the manufacturing bill that I introduced with Senator Brown is on its way to become law. This bipartisan legislation will help jump-start good-paying jobs and encourage competitive innovation nationwide. It’s also very important for Missouri, where nearly 10 percent of our workforce is currently employed in manufacturing.
The Senate just passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which now heads to the president’s desk. This bill included several key Missouri defense priorities, as well as mental health policies that I’ve championed to help our servicemen and women and their families. These brave heroes make tremendous sacrifices every day to protect our freedoms. The passage of this bill is important to ensure they have the resources they need and the care they deserve. #NDAA
Carrying on an annual tradition of showing our appreciation for the U.S. Capitol Police who keep us safe every day.
Missourians are rightly concerned about the Obama Administration’s burdensome and costly regulations. Today I spoke on the floor about several of these regulations that hurt Missouri families, farmers, and businesses, as well as the need for us to rein in the president’s executive over-reach with bills like Senator Rand Paul’s “REINS Act” and the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” which I introduced in the Senate to require the president to uphold his constitutional obligation to “faithfully execute the law.” How has this administration’s over-regulation and over-reach impacted you and your family?
I was on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence when the report that was released today was being prepared. It failed to provide all input and wasn’t a full picture of what happened. The release of this report is both unhelpful and unnecessary in our efforts to fight against terrorists.
Missourians have historically relied on coal to power more than 80% of our electricity. Unfortunately, under the new EPA’s unprecedented “Clean Power Plan,” combined with several EPA power plant regulations, Missourians’ annual electric and gas utility bills would cost around $1,000 more in 2020 compared to 2012. Clearly, the EPA failed to take into account the economic impact this policy would have on the most vulnerable people in Missouri. That’s why I’ve recently challenged the EPA to withdraw the proposed rule and conduct a full analysis of the effects of new power plant regulations on all ratepayers, especially lower-income communities, before moving forward. Please click below to read my column. How would higher energy bills affect you and your family?
Honored to receive the “Friend of Farm Bureau” Award and speak to more than 1,500 Missouri Farm Bureau members in Osage Beach today. Thank you, and congratulations on 100 years. #MOFB100
Today on #PearlHarbor Remembrance Day and every day, we honor those who made the tremendous sacrifice to keep our country safe.
The Boxer-Blunt U.S. Israel Strategic Partnership Act passed the House and is on its way to the White House. This bipartisan bill is an important demonstration of both the House and Senate’s commitment to supporting our nation’s longstanding ally, Israel. I’m looking forward to the President signing this critical legislation.
There is no reason that the #USPS cannot delay the proposed consolidation plan for mail processing facilities, which would impact two facilities in Missouri. The Southeast Missourian reported on the bipartisan letter my colleagues and I sent to the postmaster general urging a close look at this consolidation plan.
Funding the government, passing a defense authorizing bill, and preventing a retroactive tax increase all need to happen before the next Congress. Click here to read more, and share your thoughts with me below.
The Obama Administration’s costly regulations would disproportionately hurt the most vulnerable in Missouri, including our poorest families and young people who can’t afford higher energy bills. I’m calling for a full, public analysis of the economic impact of the Obama Administration’s proposed regulations. Watch my remarks and share your thoughts with me below.
Missouri electric service providers have warned that the EPA’s proposed Clean Power Plan would increase energy costs for Missourians and reduce our state’s economic competitiveness. The most vulnerable families and individuals are the ones hit the hardest by bad energy policies resulting in high utility bills, because these are the consumers who already spend a significant amount of their disposable income on energy. I’m asking for the withdrawal of the Clean Power Plan and for a full analysis of the effects of new power plant regulations on all ratepayers, especially lower-income communities, before moving forward.
Over the past two days, I’ve been meeting with faith leaders, law enforcement officials, and other local leaders in and around Ferguson. On Sunday, I attended St. John’s United Church of Christ, and toured Ferguson with Chief Jon Belmar and Capt. Ron Johnson. This morning, I met with the co-chairs of the Ferguson Commission and other local leaders to discuss the work underway to help the community rebuild. I’m confident that the commitment of the co-chairs of the Ferguson Commission – along with the work of other local leaders and the Missouri General Assembly – will have a very positive impact as this community works to move forward. And I continue to believe that we all share the goal of peacefully healing and rebuilding the community after months of unrest.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. As we celebrate Thanksgiving today, please join me in honoring and thanking our brave military heroes for all that they do to keep America safe. Our servicemen and women serve tirelessly, often sacrificing being together with their families and loved ones over the holidays to protect the freedoms we enjoy today and every day.
As we prepare for Thanksgiving, the Obama Administration has taken the chance to roll-out what some experts say could be the most expensive regulation ever. The last thing Missouri workers and families need is another burdensome regulation stifling economic opportunity. I look forward to a thorough review of this costly rule in the new Republican-led Congress.
Read my statement on #Ferguson here:
Today marks National Adoption Day. Every day around the world, more and more children find themselves living without families. By some estimates, there are almost 200 million orphans or abandoned children in the world today. There are more than 402,000 children in the foster care system in the United States, and more than 10,000 of those in Missouri. Among those children nationwide, nearly a quarter are waiting for families to adopt them. As a father and a member of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption, I am proud to recognize the importance of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month in November. I’ll keep working with my colleagues in the Senate to pass legislation that will fix functional problems in the adoption process and that will allow adoptions to become a bigger part of our country to help bring more children into permanent, loving families.
President Obama can't ignore the law. Congress will act to stop his executive over-reach. #immigration #amnesty
At least 22 times President Obama said he doesn’t have the authority to enact the kind of executive #amnesty that he plans to announce during tonight’s #immigration speech. Call the White House to urge President Obama: Listen to voters. NO executive action on immigration. 202-456-1111
There are too many stories of the brave heroes, like Marine Cpl. Clay Hunt, who have been lost to suicide. These heroes deserve the best access to quality mental health care. That’s why I co-sponsored the “Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act” to improve behavioral health services and suicide prevention resources for our servicemen and women. http://wapo.st/1ytp7uT
President Obama made it clear his policies were on the ballot on Election Day. Americans sent a clear message – and now he’s blatantly ignoring the will of Missourians by threatening to take unilateral action on executive amnesty. I spoke on the Senate floor today against this continued and blatant over-reach. Share this message and send me your thoughts below.
More American energy means more American jobs. Yet for more than six years, the Obama administration and Senate Democrats have played politics with the Keystone XL Pipeline, a common-sense, shovel-ready project that will put more people back to work. Share this post if you agree we should approve projects that create American jobs and increase our nation’s energy independence in the new Congress. #KeystoneXL
I joined my colleagues in introducing the “Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act,” which would improve mental health care and suicide prevention resources for our veterans and servicemen and women as part of my ongoing efforts to ensure that our military heroes and their families receive access to the quality care they need and deserve.
Tell President Obama: No executive action on immigration. Stop ignoring voters. Stop ignoring the fact we’re a nation of laws.  Share this message and call 202-456-1111 to make your voice heard.
Must read column today from Charles Krauthammer notes that “Jonathan Gruber, a principal architect of Obamacare, [admitted] that, in order to get it passed, the law was made deliberately obscure and deceptive. It constitutes the ultimate vindication of the charge that Obamacare was sold on a pack of lies.”
President Obama should spend the next two years working with the new Republican-led Congress to address the real challenges facing our nation, including putting more people back to work and increasing economic opportunity for workers and families.
I was honored to be re-elected by my colleagues today as the Vice Chairman of the Republican Conference for the 114th Congress. It’s been a privilege to serve in this position for the last two years, and I will continue to bring Missourians’ concerns to the leadership table in the new Republican majority. I believe we have the tools necessary to ensure the Senate will function again in a more transparent and accountable way for the American people. I urge President Obama and congressional Democrats to work with us to address the real challenges facing the nation, including putting people back to work, boosting American energy, fixing our broken health care system, and strengthening our national security.
Contrary to what the Obama Administration believes, Missourians aren’t “stupid.” We understand ObamaCare has led to skyrocketing premiums, canceled coverage, fewer doctors, and devastating job losses. Missouri was the first state in the nation to go to the ballot box and reject the president’s flawed health care law in 2010. ObamaCare is still fundamentally flawed, and it needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense health care solutions.
Enjoyed visiting with our military heroes and their families from Central Missouri during their Honor Flight. Thank you to these brave men and women. #ThanksMOvets
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to our nation’s veterans, servicemen and women - and their families - for their courage and commitment to keep our country safe.  #VeteransDay
President Obama’s call for internet regulation hurts innovation, job growth, and is bad for consumers. Instead of circumventing Congress in favor of action by the executive branch, the president should listen to the American people who just spoke on November 4th and demanded that the Administration work with Congress to enact policies that will get our country back on track.
Happy 239th birthday, United States Marine Corps. Thank you to all who serve for your courage and service to our country. #USMC239
A new Congress means getting back to the way legislation is supposed to work and addressing the challenges that Americans want their government to work on. What do you want to see the new Congress take on?
Joined Mark Reardon on KMOX to talk about the new Senate Majority and GOP priorities. Watch our discussion here and tell me what you think Congress should focus on.
I'm honored to work for Missourians in the new Senate Majority, and I will keep fighting every day to ensure your voices are heard. It's time for Washington to get back to the people's work, and a change in Senate leadership will create a greater opportunity to get things done.
Good discussion on the Obama Administration's executive over-reach with Neil Cavuto on Fox News's Your World with Neil Cavuto.
The recent attempt by the mayor of Houston, Texas to subpoena sermons from local pastors is extreme government overreach and a violation of the fundamental freedoms of religion and speech that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years. A Commissioner on the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights called this “…a blatant attempt to punish these pastors for expressing their religiously-based political views.” Pastors and faith-based organizations should not be forced to surrender their First Amendment rights to government, and we must continue the fight to protect religious liberty for all Americans.
If President Obama is talking #manufacturing, he should encourage the Democrat-controlled Senate to pass the bipartisan manufacturing bill I introduced with Senator Brown that passed the House last month.
Congrats to the Kansas City Royals on a great tie-breaking game three win tonight! #TakeTheCrown #WorldSeries #Royals
While this makes sense for health workers, journalists, and other Americans returning to the U.S., the president needs to implement a temporary suspension on all travel visas for passengers in these countries – that’s an important next step as we work to contain this deadly virus. #Ebola
The new travel regulations the Obama Administration announced today simply do not go far enough. I continue to believe that the best approach is a temporary suspension on all travel visas for those traveling to the United States from #Ebola-stricken countries.
This morning I joined Chuck Todd on NBC's Meet the Press to discuss the #Ebola outbreak, including my support for a temporary suspension of travel visas for passengers in Ebola-stricken countries and the Obama Administration’s handling of the response. Watch here if you missed this morning:
What do you want to hear from the Obama Administration regarding its response to #Ebola? I’ll be on NBC’s Meet the Press this Sunday with Chuck Todd to talk about this deadly outbreak.
As we were reminded this week with the third confirmed case of Ebola on American soil, we must do everything possible to contain this deadly disease at its source. Implementing reasonable travel restrictions is one way that #Ebola can and should be contained. I support a temporary suspension of travel visas for passengers traveling from impacted countries in West Africa, and I urge the president to implement these common-sense restrictions immediately.
I joined NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins yesterday for a tour of the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, where we discussed the important research taking place as well as the nation's response to #Ebola. President Obama needs to lead during this critical time.
Great win for the Kansas City #Royals tonight! On to the World Series.
Today I had the opportunity to meet and talk with veterans traveling with the Greater St. Louis Honor Flight, including more than 20 who served during WWII. Grateful for their service and bravery.
Wishing the U.S. Navy a happy 239th birthday today. Thank you for all you do to keep America safe. #239NavyBday
Today I held another law enforcement listening session with Springfield-area officials to learn more about their tactics, equipment, policies, and challenges.
St. Louis Cardinals and Kansas City Royals both in the final four – it’s a great season for Missouri baseball. #ShowMeSeries #Royals #STLCards
This is Mental Illness Awareness Week. I’m fighting in Washington to ensure we are treating #mentalhealth challenges just like physical health. #MIAW2014
Our state is home to world-class research institutions and innovative manufacturers. Read my op-ed on why we need pro-growth policies to put Missourians back to work. 
Boeing announced today that the St. Louis site will begin commercial production of parts for the new 777X Airliner, which means hundreds of good-paying jobs and opportunity for the area. Great news for the St. Louis region and for our state. 
Manufacturing brings innovation, investment, and more jobs to our state and economy. I was glad that the House passed a version of the manufacturing bill I introduced with Senator Brown, which would put more people back to work by bringing together public and private agencies, businesses, universities, and other organizations to revitalize American manufacturing and innovation. The Senate should pass this important, bipartisan legislation. #MFGDay14 
Congratulations to the people of #Joplin on the reopening of the high school this week. This is a great time for the region and the state, and marks an important step in the rebuilding and revitalization of the community after the deadly 2011 tornado.
Had the opportunity to tour and talk with Jefferson County Port Authority officials yesterday about the port’s unique position, infrastructure, American energy, and bringing more jobs to our state. http://bit.ly/1yydNS9
One year after the disastrous launch of the $2 billion ObamaCare website, I continue to hear from families, workers, seniors, and small business owners across Missouri who are facing skyrocketing out-of-pocket costs, canceled coverage, fewer doctors, and job losses. That’s because ObamaCare is more than a website with technical glitches – it’s a flawed law that needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense health care solutions. How has the president’s flawed health care law affected you and your family? #ObamaCare
Excellent news this morning for Missouri jobs. Boeing announced it's planning to relocate support and sustainment work for the F-22 aircraft to St. Louis, bringing 500 jobs to the area. 
Today I'll participate in law enforcement listening sessions in Kansas City, St. Louis, St. Joseph, and Jefferson City. I hope to learn more from Missouri's state and local law enforcement officials about their policies, resources, and challenges. 
I talked with Missourians rightly concerned by the Obama Administration’s runaway executive branch power and costly regulations. This spring, I introduced the ENFORCE the Law Act to curb this and hold the president to his constitutional duty to faithfully execute the law. Click here to read more: http://1.usa.gov/O1YtYL
The constitutional right of a citizen to own a firearm has nothing to do with race or ethnicity – and any measure to interfere with a citizen’s ability to exercise his or her rights should be carefully examined. Fox News’s Special Report with Bret Baier highlighted my efforts to protect the 2nd Amendment.
Washington isn't working the way it should, and it hasn't been doing the people's work the way it needs to. What would you like to see Congress focus on? 
I'm looking forward to visiting Perry, Monroe City, Mexico, and Hermann today to talk with local leaders and members of these communities about the impact that the Obama Administration's executive over-reach and burdensome regulations have on Missourians. The president isn't above the law, and I introduced the ENFORCE the Law Act to restore the system of checks and balances and curb runaway executive branch power. 
Today I'm heading to Farmington, Fredericktown, and Greenville to hear from local leaders who are impacted by the Obama Administration's executive over-reach and costly regulations. Missourians are rightly concerned about executive over-reach and dysfunction under the current administration. That's why I introduced the ENFORCE the Law Act in the Senate to hold the president to his constitutional responsibility to faithfully execute the law.
Six years of stalling is enough. Americans are struggling to find jobs, yet President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Reid have played politics with American jobs and our nation’s energy security by delaying the bipartisan Keystone XL Pipeline. More American energy means more American jobs, and the Keystone XL Pipeline would help reduce our dependence on foreign oil and support tens of thousands of jobs nationwide. With so many Americans still searching for good-paying jobs, this decision should be common-sense. #KeystoneXL #KXL 
This morning I spoke on the Senate floor about the threat from #ISIL #ISIS
It's been nearly one year since the disastrous launch of the #ObamaCare exchanges. Since then, I’ve gone to the floor almost every week the Senate has been in session to share ObamaCare news and stories from Missourians. How has the president’s health care law impacted you and your family this year?
Enjoyed meeting with Jason and Carri Kern from Wentzville and hearing their family’s incredible adoption story. Jason and Carri have dedicated their lives to caring for and providing a loving home for children in need – overcoming so many challenges in their 7-year quest to bring their son, Hudson, home from Guatemala. I’m honored to recognize Jason and Carri as Angels in Adoption for their efforts to raise awareness about the challenges facing the adoption and foster care systems. http://1.usa.gov/YSFpSv
Last night, the House passed a version of the manufacturing jobs bill that I introduced in the Senate. This bipartisan bill would put more people back to work by bringing together public and private agencies, businesses, universities, and other organizations to revitalize American manufacturing and innovation. We need to pass this important legislation in the Senate and send it to the president’s desk as soon as possible.
The fundamental work of the Senate isn’t getting done. It seems the Democrat-led Senate is more concerned with scoring political points in an election year than debating the critical issues facing our country now.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor to pay tribute to those who lost their lives on 9/11, and to thank our brave men and women in uniform, intelligence professionals, and first responders for their service. #NeverForget #September11
We will never forget those who lost their lives on 9/11, and we’re forever grateful to our men and women in uniform, intelligence professionals, and the nation’s first responder community for working tirelessly to keep us safe. There’s no doubt that we still face real threats from terrorist groups and enemies who wish us harm. We were reminded of this just two years ago, when four Americans were killed during a terrorist attack in Benghazi. Today, the threat to our nation from terrorist groups like #ISIL is still very real. I hope the president’s plan and resolve can meet the goal of defeating this enemy. #NeverForget #September11
People in Missouri and across America are understandably frustrated with the lack of work in the Democrat-controlled Senate. What do you think the Senate should be focused on?
The Senate has stopped doing the people’s work in the way the people should expect it to be done – and that has to change. Read more on my take here: 
Very pleased that the Dept. of Transportation has decided to award Missouri with federal funds under the TIGER Grant program. I’ve strongly advocated for these projects because they will help grow jobs, increase the transit of goods and services, and create more economic opportunity across Missouri, and I will continue to advocate for projects like these that strengthen and modernize our transportation systems across Missouri. 
Mr. President, terrorists who behead Americans are not a ‘manageable problem.’ They must be stopped. #ISIS #ISIL
This week I met with leaders and citizens in Kennett concerned with the very serious impact the Obama Admin’s #EPA’s overregulation has on Kennett’s wastewater standards, on farm families, and on Missouri jobs. The EPA doesn’t understand the impact these costly regulations have on an area’s businesses and economy. Please take a minute to read Steve Patton’s article, and let me know what you think in the comments section below. I will continue to fight the Obama Admin’s EPA’s proposed water rule and burdensome regulations.
I met with local leaders in Poplar Bluff, West Plains, and Houston hearing their concerns about the Obama Administration's burdensome regulations and disregard for the law. The President isn't above the law and Congress should remind him of that. Please click here to read about the ENFORCE the Law Act, a bill I introduced to restore the system of checks and balances and curb the Obama Administration's runaway executive over-reach.
I spoke to a number of young people, clergy members, elected officials, and other community leaders in #Ferguson today. I also talked with Attorney General Holder and members of the Missouri delegation about the federal government's parallel investigation into Michael Brown's death. While the federal government can assist with that investigation, I continue to believe that the federal government should not take over responsibilities entrusted to the state and local officials.
My statement following my discussion with the president on #Ferguson:
Today, I spoke with Attorney General Eric Holder about the continued investigation in Ferguson, and I continue to monitor what I believe is close coordination between county and federal authorities. It's important to remember that this tragedy began when a young man lost his life, and I support local and federal officials in their efforts to conduct open, transparent, and parallel investigations into what happened here. Michael Brown's memory, his family, and his community are not well-served by more violence.
President Obama and his administration have a very bad habit of ignoring the law and the Constitution. That’s why this week, I’m traveling our state to talk with Missourians who have been impacted by the Obama Administration’s executive over-reach and burdensome regulations. I’ll also keep calling on Senate Majority Leader Reid to allow a vote on the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” a bill I introduced to help allow Congress to hold the president accountable for failing to faithfully execute the laws. http://1.usa.gov/O1YtYL
#RobinWilliams's tragic death this week is another reminder we must continue fighting to reduce the stigma surrounding #mentalhealth by treating physical & behavioral health challenges the same way. 
Unbelievable. The Obama administration admitted it violated the law when it released thousands of illegal immigrants last February, including 600 people with criminal records. This kind of leadership failure represents yet another blatant disregard for the law and a real threat to Americans' safety. President Obama and his administration are not above the law. Congress should remind him of that fact by passing the bill I introduced, the ENFORCE the Law Act. 
Kicking off another day of discussions with Missourians about President Obama’s failure to follow the law. Started my morning at the John Twitty Energy Center in Springfield, followed by a visit to the Southeast Missouri Regional Port Authority in Scott City to discuss the impact of the EPA’s burdensome regulations. I’ll also visit with employees at the Hannibal Wastewater Treatment Plant and talk to Adair County farm families and agribusiness leaders in La Plata. Please click here to learn more about the “ENFORCE The Law Act,” which I introduced to hold the president accountable for executive overreach.
I spoke with a number of agribusiness leaders, farmers, workers, business owners, local officials, and other Missourians today about the real impact of the Obama Administration's over-regulation and executive over-reach. I started the morning meeting with river industry leaders in St. Louis, followed by a discussion with Jefferson City community leaders about the "ENFORCE The Law Act." I spent time in Kansas City talking to agribusiness leaders about the EPA's policies, and I wrapped up the afternoon talking to job creators and community leaders in St. Joseph about ways to rein in federal regulators.
I visited with St. Louis community leaders this morning and reiterated my support for local and federal officials to conduct transparent, parallel investigations to determine exactly what happened in Ferguson. I've also talked to officials at the Justice Department and FBI, as well as County Executive Charlie Dooley and St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar about this tragedy. Everyone involved deserves answers. 
I’m looking forward to hearing from a lot of Missourians today who are understandably concerned about the Obama administration’s burdensome regulations and disregard for the law. To learn more about what I’m doing to stop executive over-reach, click below.
President Obama and his administration have a very bad habit of ignoring the law and the Constitution. That’s why this week, I’m traveling our state to talk with Missourians who have been impacted by the Obama Administration’s executive over-reach and burdensome regulations. I’ll also keep calling on Senate Majority Leader Reid to allow a vote on the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” a bill I introduced to help allow Congress to hold the president accountable for failing to faithfully execute the laws.
I join all Missourians in remembering the family of Michael Brown and the Ferguson community as they grieve the tragic loss of this young man. His recent high school graduation should have been a beginning of better things.   Everyone deserves a transparent understanding of what happened here. I am fully supportive of County Executive Charlie Dooley and St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar calling for DOJ and the FBI to take a careful, open review of the events that led to this tragedy for everyone involved. 
KCTV5 News covered my response to President Obama’s visit to Kansas City this week. We don’t need another campaign speech with an empty ‘pivot’ to the economy, we need presidential leadership.
The passage of the bipartisan #VA bill is an important step forward in beginning to address the problems at the VA and give America’s veterans the healthcare choices and quality they deserve. 
Whenever I visit the WWI Museum in Kansas City, I’m reminded of the tremendous sacrifices that our WWI veterans made to serve our country. I introduced the bipartisan “World War I American Veterans Centennial Commemorative Coin Act” this week to encourage future generations to recognize the unprecedented magnitude of this war and the overall impact it had on our nation.
Today’s Senate passage of the bipartisan, bicameral #VA bill is a big step in the right direction because it gives our veterans more choice and better access to the quality care they deserve.
Today I introduced the bipartisan, bicameral “Mental-health Exposure Military Official Record Act” (MEMORy Act), a bill that would make it easier for servicemembers and veterans to document exposures to significant events during military service that could be linked to mental health and traumatic brain injuries. 
President Obama came to Kansas City yesterday saying the other side shouldn't be in such a bad mood all time, and people who oppose his policies should “stop just hating all the time.” This is the kind of rhetoric that happens in junior high, and is certainly no way to begin to work together. Our nation is facing a number of critical issues, and Americans deserve presidential leadership.  
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch noted the passage of two bills I co-sponsored to protect our nation’s children and to promote religious freedom. Glad to see both bills are headed to the president’s desk.
President Obama will speak in Kansas City later today as part of his so-called “Year of Action.” The president will also reportedly meet with people who have written letters about the benefits of his economic policies. I have heard from thousands of Missourians who are worried about everything from lost wages thanks to ObamaCare to the real impact of executive overreach. 
As President Obama visits Missouri this week, our country is facing a number of critical issues that deserve presidential leadership. The president should focus on leading – not campaigning. Watch my remarks and let me know what you would like to hear from President Obama in Kansas City today.
I introduced the bipartisan “U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014,” a bill backed by 77 of my colleagues to reassert Congress’s commitment to Israel’s security and deepen our country’s defense relationship with our ally during this extremely critical moment in the Middle East region. America’s long-standing relationship and strong cooperation with Israel dates back to the presidency of fellow Missourian Harry S. Truman, and this bill will reaffirm and broaden the important U.S.-Israel alliance through security, energy, and trade. 
The House Science Committee unanimously passed my manufacturing bill last week, marking an important step to revitalize American innovation and jumpstart jobs. It’s time for the Senate to act. #4jobs
I am very pleased that the bipartisan Victims of Child Abuse Act has passed both the House and the Senate and is on its way to the President’s desk for his signature. This is an important step in ensuring we are able to continue providing safe haven for our nation’s child abuse victims and help law enforcement hold perpetrators accountable. #VOCAA
I joined Helping a Hero yesterday in the groundbreaking of wounded military veteran Derick Hurt and his family’s new home in Greenfield. Thank you to Derick and his family, and to all of our military heroes who keep our country safe.
Honored to join Helping a Hero yesterday to break ground on a new home for wounded veteran Derick Hurt and his family in Greenfield. Grateful for all that Derick, his family, and every other military hero have sacrificed for our country. http://sgfnow.co/1zlUOHn
I am very pleased that #MeriamIbrahim and her family have escaped captivity in Sudan and can now safely travel to the U.S. The 27-year-old wife of an American citizen, who gave birth in jail, has been imprisoned with her two young children and previously faced the death sentence after refusing to disavow her Christian faith. Unfortunately, serious human rights abuses still take place every day around the world. The U.S. can and should do more to promote this basic human right abroad. #SaveMeriam
Today I introduced two amendments to jumpstart job creation. These amendments would help create more good-paying jobs and economic opportunities for American veterans, as well as low and middle-class families in Missouri and nationwide. If Democrats are really serious about helping the Americans who are struggling to find work and make ends meet, they would join Republicans in taking action on these common-sense, job-creating measures. 
It’s past time for Senate Democrats to allow for open debate and votes on bipartisan bills.
Today, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled that President Obama’s health care law authorizes subsidies only through state exchanges – not the federal exchange. The court is just upholding the plain text of the president’s health care law, which was terribly written and poorly implemented. President Obama continues to ignore his constitutional duty to uphold the law, and this is yet another reminder that Congress must hold him accountable. 
Reports of more than 57,000 veterans within the VA medical network were forced to wait more than 90 days to see a doctor are shameful, and the #VA’s response has been shameful. Our nation’s military heroes deserve better.
I enjoyed starting my morning with McGraw Milhaven and Kelly Jackson live in-studio on The McGraw Show. Click below to watch inside the studio.
This morning I spoke to members of the VFW and its Auxiliaries during the 115th #VFWConvention in St. Louis. Missouri is home to 36,056 VFW members and 202 VFW Posts. We owe a deep debt of gratitude to our American veterans who were not only willing to serve, but willing to serve above and beyond what was asked of them. Their service has helped preserve our freedom.
Proud to address members of the VFW and its Auxiliaries today during the 115th VFW National Convention in St. Louis. You can watch my remarks live at today at 8:50 CT here: #VFWConvention
I introduced a bipartisan bill that would protect America’s utilities from unfair environmental fines or citizen lawsuits when the government forces them to operate for reliability purposes, and provide certainty to the people responsible for keeping the lights on. http://1.usa.gov/1nUkUxo 
Enjoyed meeting with Major General Smith today to talk about the partnership between U.S. Army Fort Leonard Wood and the Springfield-Branson airport, which, according to Maj. Gen. Smith, “gives us access to special parts of the airport, allows our soldiers to train there,” and “provides…a lot of capabilities for not only Missouri, but the nation.” Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/UfznrO
I spoke on the floor yesterday to correct the facts surrounding the Supreme Court’s #HobbyLobby ruling. Even the Washington Post's Fact Checker has noted that Senate Democrats' claims about this case are "simply wrong."
Australia’s government repealed a 2-year-old carbon tax today, which Prime Minister Tony Abbott called “a useless, destructive tax which damaged jobs, which hurt families’ cost of living and which didn’t actually help the environment.” He's right, and that's why I'm fighting to stop a carbon tax here in America. 
Everybody is entitled to their own opinion on religious freedom, but everyone is not entitled to their own facts. The Washington Free Beacon covered my speech on the Senate floor today fact checking Democrats’ false claims against the Supreme Court’s ruling on #HobbyLobby.
Glad to welcome Boy Scouts of America from military families to #MoMornings today. Thank you for coming by.
I spoke today about the Supreme Court’s recent ruling on #HobbyLobby that ruled that the Obama Admin’s Dept. of Health and Human Services Mandate infringes on the First Amendment’s guarantee of religious freedom.
I’m very pleased my colleagues on the defense appropriations subcommittee have agreed to fund the production of 12 additional Growler aircraft. This important move preserves our nation’s airborne electronic attack capability and continues to support an irreplaceable defense industrial base in Missouri.
 In the wake of the Supreme Court’s ruling on #HobbyLobby, the Washington Post’s Fact Checker notes that “Democrats need to be more careful in their language about the ruling.” This ruling is an important victory to protect Americans’ fundamental right of religious freedom – a freedom that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years.
It is our responsibility as a nation to protect our children. Despite our best efforts, too many children in Missouri and nationwide still fall victim to abuse. I am urging the House to pass the bipartisan Victims of Child Abuse Act so that we can send it to President Obama’s desk to be signed into law. Despite ideological differences in many issues facing our nation, we must come together and support this important bill. #VOCAA
As we continue to witness disturbing violence against religious minorities around the world, I’m pleased the Senate passed my bipartisan bill to show the U.S. takes religious freedom very seriously. I hope the House will pass this updated bill quickly and the president will appoint a special envoy to promote religious freedom and call attention to all persecuted religious communities in the Middle East. 
Today EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy is wrapping up her trip to Missouri, where she’s been trying to sell the Obama Administration’s proposed water rule. Farm families and other Missourians have very valid concerns surrounding this rule, which would significantly expand federal authority over private and state waters. I’m glad to co-sponsor a bill to stop President Obama’s #EPA from taking over all private and state water in the United States.
The continued taxpayer waste that has resulted from #ObamaCare is evidence of what happens when the government oversteps its bounds.
I spoke on the floor today about the EPA’s proposed water rule, which would give the EPA authority over thousands of streams, creeks, wetlands, ponds and ditches nationwide. Missourians continue to raise very real questions and concerns about this massive land grab – concerns that EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy has referred to as “silly” and “ludicrous.” I’m glad to cosponsor Senator Barrasso’s bill to stop the #EPA’s takeover of water and property rights.
Missouri homeowners, small business owners, families, and farmers are rightly concerned about the EPA’s proposed water rule, which is another blatant overreach into Americans’ private lives and property by the Obama administration. While I’m pleased to see Gina McCarthy visiting Missouri this week, my advice to her is to spend as much time listening to Missourians as she does talking, and she might very well find out that Missourians’ concerns about the expansion of the law are broad-based and genuine. #EPA 
A number of members of President Obama’s own party are attempting to shift the focus from the president’s flawed health care law. #ObamaCare
There’s a reason why five of the six new locations being considered by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency are in our state. Keeping the new facility in Missouri would help with the transition of the agency’s critically important operations, while providing opportunities for the government to create a positive economic impact.
It’s time for Congress to tell President Obama: You cannot ignore the law. I am urging my colleagues in the Senate to pass the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” a bill that would put a procedure in place to allow Congress to reauthorize a lawsuit against the executive branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws.
Too many children in Missouri and nationwide still fall victim to child abuse. We must do everything we can to protect our children, and when they are harmed, deliver justice without inadvertently causing any further damage. I am urging the House to pass the Victims of Child Abuse Act. #VOCAA 
I am very concerned the Obama Administration extended the contract for Serco, an Affordable Care Act application processing facility in Wentzville, in light of the questions that have been raised by whistleblowers who work at Serco processing facilities. My colleagues and I have asked a number of critical questions that the administration has failed to adequately answer. I am going to press CMS to explain what criteria was weighted and how it was evaluated in making this decision. Americans deserve to know how the Obama Administration is spending their hard-earned taxpayer dollars.
Great to be home for the second expansion of the Brewer Science at Missouri State University’s Jordan Valley Innovation Center today. I’m very pleased that this second expansion will continue to bring economic growth to Southwest Missouri and grow private sector jobs across Missouri.
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Fourth of July weekend. Let us always remember those who fought for our rights, liberties, and for the freedoms we enjoy today. #4thofJuly
No child should be subjected to violence. I’m glad the Senate passed the Victims of Child Abuse Act, and I’m urging my House colleagues to do the same so we can continue to help protect children in Missouri and nationwide from abuse. #VOCAA 
Today we honor 50 years since the signing of the historic Civil Rights Act, which ensures all Americans have equal freedom to pursue their dreams. #CivilRightsAct1964
This is very troubling. Americans deserve to know how Washington is spending their hard-earned dollars – and whether their money is being misused on wasteful and fraudulent #ObamaCare payments.
The St. Joseph News-Press reported on my efforts to protect religious freedom. As we approach the 4th of July, what freedoms do you hold most dear?
Good luck to Team USA today! #USMNT #WorldCup2014
Caught up with Mark Reardon live in-studio at NewsRadio 1120 KMOX and discussed the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling, President Obama’s continued overreach, and several other important issues. Listen here: http://youtu.be/ulpnnwKtFS4 #HobbyLobby #SCOTUS
Today’s Hobby Lobby ruling by the Supreme Court is an important victory to protect Americans’ fundamental right of religious freedom. Americans should not be forced to choose between giving up their business for their faith or giving up their faith for their business. I applaud the Court’s decision today, which simply affirms the fundamental religious freedom that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years. #HobbyLobby #SCOTUS
Last night, the Senate passed the bipartisan bill I helped introduce to protect children in Missouri and nationwide. Our state has 22 Children’s Advocacy Centers that serve 7,000 of Missouri's most vulnerable children each year by coordinating the investigation, treatment, and prosecution of child abuse cases. I urge my colleagues in the House to pass the "Victims of Child Abuse Act" so we can continue providing safe haven for child abuse victims and help law enforcement hold perpetrators accountable. 
Enjoyed spending time with some terrific Mizzou alums last night.
“Lost” IRS emails. EPA regulatory over-reach. Cherry-picking which ObamaCare provisions to delay. Any way you look at it, this administration has a bad habit of ignoring the law – and the Constitution. Yesterday, House Speaker John Boehner announced his plans to pursue measures to sue President Obama “in an effort to compel the president to follow his oath of office and faithfully execute the laws of our country.” The Speaker is right. It’s time for Congress to tell President Obama: You cannot ignore the law. The president’s ‘pen and phone’ do not supersede the U.S. Constitution.  That’s why I’m urging the Democrat-controlled Senate to allow a vote on a bill I introduced, the “ENFORCE the Law Act,” to ensure the president upholds his constitutional obligation to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.”
Continued violence against Christians and members of other religions around the world is deeply disturbing, and it defies the freedoms that we hold dear as Americans. Meriam Ibrahim was sentenced to death and imprisoned with her two children in Sudan for refusing to disavow her Christian faith. Pastor Saeed Abedini has been violently beaten and jailed in Iran for his religious beliefs. The United States should be the first country to step up and say we’re going to do whatever we can to ensure more religious freedom.
We have a duty to protect children in Missouri and nationwide from abuse. It's time for Congress to reauthorize the bipartisan Victims of Child Abuse Act. Please read my column and tell me what you think below.
Great talking with participants of the 2014 Missouri Girls State in Warrensburg this afternoon via Skype. Congratulations to each of you for being selected to participate in this year’s Missouri Girls State - a terrific program that provides important lessons in leadership and debate. #MGS14
I am very pleased that the Sudanese court has reportedly cancelled Meriam Ibrahim’s death sentence and ordered her release. Meriam, the wife of an American citizen who gave birth in jail and has been imprisoned with her two young children, was previously sentenced to death after refusing to disavow her Christian faith. I continue to urge U.S. officials to work quickly and use all resources available to immediately provide Meriam and her family with safe haven in the United States. #SaveMeriam 
The #EPA’s proposed water rule is another blatant overreach into American’s private lives and property by the Obama Administration. I co-sponsored a bill today with Senator Barrasso and 28 of our colleagues to block this EPA takeover of private and state waters.
Federal spending bills need to come to the floor, members need to be allowed to challenge them, and we need to move forward with the priorities that have been set for people in the public and constitutional way.
How much are you paying to fill up your car? Gas prices in Missouri hit a 15-month high this week – and may continue to rise this summer. Low and middle-income families are hurt the most by higher energy costs, which is why we must reduce our reliance on foreign oil and take an all-of-the-above approach to increasing American energy. 
Enjoyed talking with The American Legion Boys State of Missouri, Inc. participants via Skype last night – a great program with a long history of bringing the best and the brightest together for an innovative learning experience. Congratulations to all of the participants on being selected for this prestigious program. #MBS2014
The Senate needs to go back to debating & amending bills to improve the way Washington works for all Americans.
Wishing all the dads out there a very happy #FathersDay
Our nation’s service academies play an important role in preparing young men and women with the skills they need to protect our nation – strengthening character, sharpening the mind, refining leadership skills, and offering unmatched opportunities. I am accepting applications from young Missourians competing for nominations to our country’s U.S. Military Service Academies. 
Millions of Americans are facing canceled coverage, higher costs, and fewer choices – all thanks to the president’s flawed health care law. I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday to share stories from Missourians who have been negatively impacted by #ObamaCare.
The Senate Judiciary Committee passage of the Victims of Child Abuse Act that I co-sponsored is a major step forward so that we can provide a safe haven for our children, and help law enforcement hold perpetrators accountable for their actions in Missouri and across the nation. 
Americans living with diagnosable mental illnesses should be treated just like those with any other physical illnesses. I recently visited with several health care professionals and advocates across Missouri, and I am continuing my work to ensure that our veterans, and all Americans, have access to quality mental health treatment. 
Earlier today, my colleagues in the Senate and I were informed of the instant collapse of four of the 17 Iraqi military divisions – without any apparent effort to push back. This is a desperate situation, and it’s moving quickly. It appears to me that the chickens are coming home to roost for the president’s policy of not leaving anybody there to be a stabilizing force. Read my statement here.
The Senate passage of the #VA Reform Bill that I co-sponsored is an important step forward. Our country’s military heroes deserve access to the quality health care they need.
Wishing former President George H.W. Bush a happy 90th #HappyBirthday41
There is a bipartisan willingness to do something about the unacceptable wait times that our veterans are facing. Now is the time to act.
This week I wrote to the directors at a number of VA hospitals in Missouri asking whether they’ve had any “unauthorized” waiting lists that compromised care for our veterans. America’s heroes deserve access to the best care available available. 
It is appalling and completely unacceptable that more than 57,000 of our veterans nationwide are still waiting for their initial appointments at VA hospitals. I’ll continue to press for answers and do everything I can to ensure these heroes receive the care they need and deserve.
It is inexcusable that our veterans are facing delayed or inadequate care. I am committed to fighting for you, and ensuring that our veterans and their families receive the care they need and deserve. If you or someone you know has been affected by insufficient treatment by your #VA, please share your story with me. #VAaccountability 
Today we remember the American heroes who stormed the beaches of Normandy. May we always remember their sacrifice. #DDay
I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about ways to improve health care for our veterans in light of the #VA scandal, and I also shared stories that you sent in on the impact of #ObamaCare.
The wait times being reported by the #VA are unacceptable and intolerable. Our veterans deserve better than this inadequate treatment. Last week, I personally visited these VA hospitals in Columbia and St. Louis and I will keep fighting to restore accountability at the VA to give our heroes the care they need and deserve.
These so-called ‘unauthorized wait lists’ for America’s heroes are simply unacceptable and will not be tolerated. I’m going to do everything I can to ensure this stops immediately. Our veterans should not be forced to wait for care. #VAaccountability
Today we remember the great character and strength of former President Ronald #Reagan, who passed away 10 years ago on June 5th, 2004. #tbt
The Springfield News-Leader reported on my work to prevent the gross overreach by the President’s #EPA rule, which comes at a very high cost to families in Missouri and across the nation who cannot afford to pay more at the pump or pay more to cool and heat their homes, and have very little benefit to our global environment. 
My statement on the extended #VA wait times in MO. This is unacceptable.
Missourians can’t afford President Obama’s costly #EPA rule – and these burdensome energy regulations would hurt the most vulnerable families in our state the most. I joined 40 of my Senate colleagues today in a letter to the president urging him to withdraw this rule, and I co-sponsored a bill to block it entirely unless the Obama Administration can prove it will not eliminate jobs, cost our economy, increase electricity prices, or reduce electricity reliability. 
The Obama Administration’s #EPA regulations on coal-fired power plants will destroy jobs and leave Missouri families to shoulder the costs. Today, I co-sponsored Leader McConnell’s bill to protect our families and businesses from this gross overreach. #AmericanEnergy
President Obama is making good on his promise that “electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket” under his administration’s climate change agenda. I am fighting to protect Missourians from the burden of these costly regulations. #AmericanEnergy 
Last week, I toured 9 facilities across Missouri to learn more from our health care professionals and community leaders about the ways that we treat mental health challenges. This is an important issue, and I’ll keep fighting to ensure everyone – including our veterans, active duty military, and families – has access to timely, quality care.
There’s no doubt the president’s energy policies will destroy jobs and hurt the very people who can’t afford to pay more at the pump or to heat and cool their homes. I will fight the president and his administration every step of the way to stop this unprecedented power grab and protect Missourians, who rely on coal for 80 percent of our state’s energy.  
Mental health illnesses should be treated like physical illnesses are treated for veterans. KMBC 9 News Kansas City reported on my continued efforts to improve the quality of #mentalhealth treatment and my recent stops at health care centers and hospitals in Missouri. http://bit.ly/RL9r66
Great to join E.J. Becker and Ellen Schenk in-studio on KMBZ. Thank you for having me.
Behavioral health issues are at the root of tragedies like the Ft. Hood shooting. We have to remove the stigma associated with mental health illness and start treating those illnesses like any physical illness. The Southeast Missourian covers my ongoing efforts and recent stops at hospitals and behavioral health centers across Missouri. 
Great to talk with #mentalhealth care professionals at the Truman Medical Center Behavioral Health in Kansas City today.
Had a good discussion about #mentalhealth treatment with the professionals at the Family Guidance Center in St. Joseph today.
The Columbia Tribune reported on my visit to the Truman Memorial Veterans’ Hospital this morning. I met with hospital administrators to discuss #mentalhealth treatment for our veterans and the need for mental health illnesses to be treated like other physical illnesses. 
Talked with officials at the Harry S. Truman Memorial Veterans' Hospital about improving the access and quality of #mentalhealth treatment for our veterans.
Had a great meeting w/ #mentalhealth professionals & patients at Preferred Family Healthcare in Kirksville this morning.
I’m sitting down with people who are taking responsibility for being on the front lines of behavior health issues and talking with them about what they’re doing, what they need, and among other things how that might relate to veterans and their families. 
If we are going to leave forces in #Afghanistan, we should leave enough people to do the job. The president can't know what the situation will look like in Afghanistan two years from now. By announcing the next cuts this far in advance, the president's plan won't provide the stability that America's servicemembers and their families, who sacrifice and endure loss of life and health, deserve.
We must take a hard look at the way we spend federal funds and the quality of treatment of behavioral health challenges for all Americans – including our nation’s military heroes.
Thank you to our military heroes for their selfless dedication in serving and protecting our country. #MemorialDay
Glad the House and Senate passed my bipartisan Monuments Men Bill this week, awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to Missourians and other American heroes who helped preserve our nation’s history during World War II.
As we mark the 3rd anniversary of the devastating #Joplin tornado, we remember the victims and applaud the continued efforts to rebuild the region. #JoplinStrong
Meriam Ibrahim, a 27-year old Sudanese woman who is 8-months pregnant, has been sentenced to death by the government of Sudan after refusing to recant her Christian faith. She is currently in prison along with her 20-month-old son, Martin. Please share this and join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag, #SaveMeriam.  This cannot be tolerated.
I spoke on the floor today about the serious allegations of tax dollar abuse at the Wentzville ObamaCare processing center.
Someone has to be in charge at the White House. Someone has to take responsibility.
The Obama Administration must utilize all resources available to secure freedom for Meriam Ibrahim, a pregnant Christian mother sentenced to death in Sudan. She has been unjustly imprisoned along with her 20-month-old son since February. #SaveMeriam
It is time for the Obama administration to take responsibility for what now appears to be a systemic, administration-wide failure to care for our nation’s heroes. Americans deserve answers surrounding these very serious VA allegations.
Senator Ayotte and I wrote a letter urging Secretary of State Kerry to take immediate action and provide political asylum to Meriam Ibrahim, a Sudanese Christian woman and pregnant wife of an American citizen who has been sentenced to death by the Sudanese government for her religious beliefs. #SaveMeriam
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch & STLtoday.com reported on my ongoing efforts to reduce the stigma surrounding mental health treatments and improve access to quality behavioral health care for all Americans - including our nation's heroes and their families. 
I sent a bipartisan letter to officials at the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs calling for them to explain what they are doing to address the quality of mental health treatment for America’s military. Our heroes and their families deserve the best care available. 
Great spending time with Washington, Missouri Mayor Sandy Lucy and the Washington Missouri Highway 47 Bridge Committee this weekend.
Are you following me on Instagram? Check out photos and videos from my week. 
Retailers and small businesses support one in four jobs in Missouri. I was privileged to receive the National Retail Federation’s “Hero of Main Street” award, and I will continue working to ensure small business owners have the resources they need to grow jobs. 
Always honored to greet Missouri’s veterans visiting Washington, D.C. as part of the Honor Flight program. #MilitaryAppreciationMonth.
I talked to Fox News's Jenna Lee today about claims that ObamaCare processing centers are wasting taxpayer dollars by paying employees to pretend to work. Senator Alexander and I sent a letter demanding answers for these serious allegations of taxpayer waste.
I’m talking to Missouri leaders during #InfrastructureWeek about ways we can improve Missouri infrastructure.
Are employees at the ObamaCare processing facility in Wentzville and elsewhere being paid taxpayer dollars – all to do nothing? Americans deserve answers immediately. 
The The St. Louis Post-Dispatch & STLtoday.com noted my efforts to address serious allegations surrounding the mental health care treatment of Missouri’s veterans at the St. Louis Veterans Affairs hospital.
The Department of Veterans Affairs needs to investigate the quality of mental health treatment for St. Louis’s veterans. Fox News’s Special Report noted my continued efforts. 
KMOV noted that I’m calling on the VA to respond to disturbing claims that the John Cochran VA hospital in St. Louis is not taking our veterans’ mental health care seriously. 
Spoke with Stuart Varney today on Fox News’s “Your World w/ Neil Cavuto” about alleged waste at the Wentzville ObamaCare facility. I’m working to get to the bottom of this.
As the co-chair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, I’m pleased to mark Police Week by co-sponsoring the National Blue Alert Act. This bipartisan bill would create a nationwide alert system to apprehend violent criminals who have seriously injured or killed police officers.
I co-sponsored an important bipartisan bill today to ensure military children with developmental disabilities have access to the quality care they need and deserve. 
If the troubling allegations surrounding the St. Louis Veteran’s Affairs hospital are true, this is an unacceptable lack of leadership that hurts Missouri veterans. I’m working to get to the bottom of this situation.
I’m always grateful to have the opportunity to greet Missouri’s Honor Flight participants & WWII veterans who are visiting their memorial in Washington, D.C. As we mark Military Appreciation Month, please join me to say thank you to all of the brave servicemen and women who have sacrificed to fight for the freedoms we enjoy.
Enjoyed sitting down with Jerry Jacob live-in studio. We talked about job-creating energy policy and the importance of access to quality mental health treatment for all Americans, including our servicemen and women and their families.
I joined Jennifer Kielman live in-studio to talk about my efforts to improve mental health treatment for all Americans, including members of the military and their families. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1u9GcsZ
My goal is to work with our nation’s leaders to guarantee our servicemen and women, veterans, and military families have access to quality behavioral health treatment. Read more about my ongoing efforts and why it is critical to treat mental health illness like a physical illness in my column this week.
It’s time for Senate Democrats to stop playing politics with Keystone XL and allow the Senate to continue debate on this energy bill that would create tens of thousands of American jobs.
Great crowd gathered for Missouri State University's Agricultural Forum. Glad to speak to everyone.
Happy #MothersDay, everyone.
Enjoyed seeing so many Missourians who visited my office in Washington, D.C. this week. Thank you for coming by.
If you’re in the Springfield area, I’ll be live in-studio tonight on KSPR News and KOLR10 & Ozarks Local News. Tune in to watch.
Today is Military Spouse Appreciation Day – take a moment to thank the brave spouses who sacrifice so much, and learn more about ways you can help the families who support America’s men and women in uniform. 
Congratulations to University of Missouri Extension (MU Extension) on 100 years of strengthening our families and communities. http://bit.ly/1fRrpzE
Happy #Truman Day. Honored to share the office of former President and fellow Missourian, Harry S. Truman.
Are you following me on Instagram?
I spoke on the Senate floor this morning to call on the Democrat-controlled Senate to allow an open debate and amendment consideration on American energy. The fact that we can’t have energy amendments on an energy bill in the Senate is an embarrassment.
The Harry Reid gag order is not good for the Senate, and it’s not good for the country. We want a handful of energy amendments on the energy bill. Apparently in today’s Senate, that sounds like a wild thing.
As President Barack Obama renews his commitment to moving forward with his controversial climate plan, I introduced an amendment with Senator Toomey today to stop the Obama Administration from implementing a devastating carbon tax. Middle and low-income families are the hardest hit by costly and burdensome energy policies like a carbon tax – especially in states like Missouri that depend heavily on coal for affordable and reliable power. 
As a former educator, I join all Americans in celebrating National Teacher's Day today. I hope you'll take a moment to thank a teacher.
Enjoyed speaking at the American Hospital Association’s Annual Meeting today about important health care issues, including the president’s failed health care law, and the need for improving quality and access to mental health treatment for our servicemen and women, veterans, and military families.
The disastrous ObamaCare website is far from finished, and is estimated to cost taxpayers $121 million before the second round of enrollments – that’s $30 million more than the Obama Administration estimated a few months ago. 
Almost every week, I’ve spoken on the Senate floor, sharing real stories from families in Missouri who have been hurt by the president’s deeply flawed health care law. Watch my floor remarks.
Today marks one month since the Fort Hood tragedy. I continue to talk with military leaders in Missouri and in Washington, D.C. to ensure our servicemen and women, veterans, and military families have access to quality behavioral health treatment. That’s why I introduced the “Caring For America’s Heroes Act” yesterday – a bipartisan bill that takes an important step forward in achieving that goal. 
Today is Silver Star Service Banner Day in honor of America's injured military service members.
As we mark the start of “National Mental Health Awareness Month” today, I introduced the bipartisan “Caring For America’s Heroes Act” as part of my ongoing efforts to ensure all Americans have access to quality behavioral health treatments – including members of the military, veterans, and their families. 
Great news this week on the launch of Ford’s new Transit van production and the growth of its F-150 production, which will bring thousands of jobs to the Kansas City region and $1.1 billion investment to the area. I've long supported this expansion and I’m glad to see this smart investment bringing jobs and economic growth to the Greater Kansas City community. 
Enjoyed sitting down with Rockwood Summit High School’s Jamie Manker, Missouri’s Teacher of the Year. Congratulations and thank you for all that you do!   Find out more here: http://1.usa.gov/SacjdN
It’s time for the president and Senate majority leaders to stop playing politics and support the #KeystoneXL Pipeline. This shovel-ready project will not only create thousands of private sector jobs – it will help reduce America’s dependence on foreign oil. Watch my floor speech and leave your comments below if you think we need an all-of-the-above approach to more American energy.
I’m proud to introduce a bipartisan resolution with Senator McCaskill that would designate May 1st, 2014 as national “Silver Star Service Banner Day,” honoring our nation’s men and women in uniform who have been injured or have become ill in service. 
Enjoyed stopping by KTVI in St. Louis to chat in-studio with John Pertzborn about my efforts to improve infrastructure projects, manufacturing innovation, and mental health treatment in Missouri and nationwide.
I’m proud to join my colleagues to introduce a bipartisan bill that will make Kansas City home to the National World War I Museum and Memorial. 
Thank you to the soldiers of the 220th Engineer Company deployed to Afghanistan over the weekend. Sending best wishes and thoughts to these soldiers and their families.
My staff is here to help you. You can find dates and hours for upcoming mobile offices here:
Follow me on Instagram for new photos from Missouri and in Washington. 
Subscribe to my YouTube channel for updated videos and radio appearances from my time here in our great state and in Washington.
Great visit with Lincoln University President Dr. Kevin Rome and Dr. Abdoulaye Bah this week. Enjoyed a good discussion, including Lincoln University’s work on mental health issues.
Glad to address the Missouri General Assembly yesterday. I enjoyed visiting with several folks that afternoon. Thank you for having me.
Whether they are in the military or other parts of our society, we must start treating people with behavioral illnesses just like any other physical illness and work to provide these Americans with the same opportunity for a cure. In the wake of the Fort Hood shooting, I’m talking to military leaders in Missouri and nationwide about ways we can better care for our servicemen and women who need help.
Nearly 1 in 4 Americans are living with diagnosable mental illnesses. The Waynesville Daily Guide reported on my visit to Ft. Leonard Wood last week as part of my ongoing efforts to pass policies that help people in Missouri and across American get the best possible care. 
I was very proud to receive the 2014 Missouri KidsFirst “Standing with Children Award.”
Happy Easter everyone
I met with leaders at Fort Leonard Wood today to talk about ways we can improve mental health services in the military. Nearly one in four Americans are living with diagnosable mental illnesses. I’ll keep fighting to improve our mental health system for the people and families who sacrifice to protect our country, and for all Americans.
Missouri families, workers, and farmers depend on reliable infrastructure each and every day. This week, I’m traveling the state and meeting with business leaders and officials to talk about the “Partnership to Build America Act” – a bipartisan bill I helped introduce to boost infrastructure and jump-start job creation. 
I am proud to have introduced and co-sponsored several measures to make the federal government more accountable to American taxpayers. Click here to read more about my efforts to lessen wasteful government spending and  increase government accountability. #TaxDay 
According to a new Gallup survey, more than half of Americans disapprove of the president’s health care law. Secretary Sebelius’s departure doesn't change the fact that #ObamaCare is fundamentally flawed. How has the president’s health care takeover impacted you? 
This kind of senseless attack on our community is repugnant any day, but choosing Passover as a time to demonstrate this hateful intolerance shows how disturbed this person must be. This suspect clearly has a history of outrageous behavior, and I join all Missourians in condemning this devastating act of violence. I plan to stay in touch with community leaders and am thinking of the victims and their families who have suffered a great loss.
I recently met with a number of Jewish leaders in the Kansas City region to talk about their good work to help the community. My thoughts are with the victims and their families who have been impacted by this tragedy.
I introduced a bipartisan bill that will help jump-start private sector job creation by encouraging more international travel to the United States. This is one of many common-sense economic solutions Congress should pass to put more people back to work. 
ObamaCare is more than a website. It’s also more than a resignation. The departure of Secretary Sebelius does not change the fact that the president’s health care law is fundamentally flawed.
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius will reportedly resign today -- just months after the tumultuous roll-out of President Obama’s health care law. There's no doubt #ObamaCare is still fundamentally flawed. How has the president's health care plan impacted you and your family? Send me your story. 
Both parties agree: it’s time to pass the Keystone XL Pipeline, Mr. President. 
Please pause in your day to remember Staff Sgt. Timothy Owens of Rolla who was killed during the Fort Hood shooting last week. This was a terrible tragedy for all Americans, especially for those who are willing to serve and for their families. http://bit.ly/1kv35VL
I'm pleased Congress took an important step forward today on the bill I introduced with Senator Brown to create more jobs by strengthening American manufacturing and innovation.
Earlier today, I had the opportunity to discuss mental health policies and the General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital (GLWACH) during a U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing on Defense. Click here to watch: 
I have received hundreds of letters from Missourians sharing stories about how the president’s flawed health care law has impacted their families. Hear some of their stories during my remarks on the Floor:
I had the opportunity to discuss the military mental health policy, Missouri’s military assets, and the readiness of the National Guard during today’s U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee hearing.  
Since President Obama took office, the poverty rate for women has increased to 16.3% from 14.4% and the median income for women fell by almost $800, according to the Census Bureau. If Democrats were serious about helping women, they would allow votes on the countless job-creating proposals that Republicans have offered and will continue to offer in the coming weeks.
In case you missed it, here's my Fox News interview with Neil Cavuto regarding the Fort Hood shooting this week. We must prioritize improving our nation's mental health policies.
Our state is in the path of some potentially severe weather - everyone stay safe today and please take appropriate precautions.
The Fort Hood shooting is a terrible tragedy for all Americans, especially for those who are willing to serve and for their families. Our military bases on American soil should be the safest place possible for our servicemen and women and for their loved ones. It’s hard enough to fight wars with no front lines. We cannot accept that our military bases are not secure for the people and families who sacrifice to protect our country.
I'm very proud Congress passed a version of the bipartisan bill that I introduced with Senator Stabenow to address our nation's fragmented mental health system. This is a great victory for the nearly one in four Americans who are living with diagnosable mental illnesses nationwide. It's also an important step forward as we work to reach our goal to treat these behavioral illnesses just like any other physical illness.
Another brazen power grab by the Obama Administration. I’ll keep fighting EPA’s attempts to take over private property.
Agriculture touches the lives of every American, every day. This week is National Ag Week. Join me in recognizing our nation’s farmers and ranchers in communities across Missouri and America for their tireless work to feed, fuel, and clothe the world’s ever-growing population. #AgDay2014
 I joined my colleagues on the Senate floor today to voice support for #HobbyLobby & #ReligiousFreedomForAll. Watch my remarks and share your comments below.
Headed to the U.S. Supreme Court to hear #HobbyLobby oral arguments. #ReligiousFreedomForAll #SCOTUS
I led a bill with more than half of my Republican Senate colleagues today to stop executive branch overreach and force President Obama to uphold the Constitution. Time and again, President Obama has refused to enforce the law and has shown a willingness to misuse regulations in order to side-step Congress. The ENFORCE the Law Act would put that to an end.
Yesterday, I spoke on the Senate floor again to share more stories of how ObamaCare is impacting Missourians. Watch below and visit my website to share your story: bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
Majority Leader Harry Reid claimed today that your ObamaCare "horror stories" are all "untrue." I've gone to the Senate floor at least 10 times to share your stories about the real impact of this flawed law. Does Senator Reid believe Missourians are making this up? Visit my website to share your story: bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
Missouri serves a vital role in the defense of our country. Our state is the home to hundreds of thousands of active duty servicemen and women, civilian defense employees, military families, and private sector contractors. I’m concerned about Secretary Hagel’s announcement this week that he will reduce the size of the U.S. Army to pre-WWII levels and eliminate attack aviation assets in the Army National Guard. We must ensure that our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to protect the country, and we should not slash defense funding in a way that jeopardizes our national security. 
I’m very disturbed by the Obama administration’s recent actions on Medicare Advantage and the Medicare prescription drug benefit – actions that will increase premiums, reduce choices, and cause seniors in Missouri and nationwide to lose access to the health plans they were promised they could keep. I spoke at the GOP Senate leadership stakeout today about these cuts, which will hurt approximately 1 in 4 Missourians on Medicare. Watch my remarks and share your comments and questions below.
Five years after President Obama signed his stimulus plan into law, nearly 1 in 4 Americans mention jobs and unemployment as the most important problems facing the country today. Job seekers don't need more government intervention from Washington - they need the opportunity to succeed. President Obama must get serious about working together to pass pro-growth policies to help put more people back to work.
I was proud to vote for a bipartisan bill this week to ensure we keep our promise to America's brave servicemen and women.
NA
I shared a few more stories on the Senate floor today from Missourians who have been hurt by ObamaCare. You can share your story with me in the comments below or by visiting: bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
The Springfield News-Leader editorialized today on my efforts to reauthorize the Victims of Child Abuse Act. They are right: “Protecting children from abuse and helping an abused child navigate the legal system is not a Republican or Democratic value.” 
CBO confirmed this week what we already knew: ObamaCare is hurting full-time jobs in America. Share your thoughts below and send me your story at bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
For two long years, farm families and rural communities have waited for a Farm Bill. While this may not be the best possible bill – it’s the best bill possible right now. Programs in this bill touch the lives of every American, in every community, in every state. We must provide much-needed certainty for farmers and ranchers so that they can continue to feed America and the world.
Enough stalling. More American energy means more American jobs – and the Keystone XL Pipeline would create tens of thousands of American jobs at no cost to taxpayers. President Obama needs to use his pen to approve this shovel-ready project now.
I spoke on the floor this week about common-sense health care solutions to replace ObamaCare. We need to repeal this train wreck and replace it with health care policies that work for you.
Did the president talk about what you wanted to hear during his State of the Union Address last night? I’ll be chatting with Politico’s Mike Allen about the president’s speech this morning – watch our conversation live online at 7:40 am CT. 
What do you want to hear from President Obama during his State of the Union Address tonight? Tweet me at @RoyBlunt or share your thoughts in the comments below.
The House has passed dozens of jobs bills. As we prepare for the State of the Union tonight, the president should call on Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow votes on these bills and other bipartisan legislation. Watch my comments during today’s GOP leadership stakeout and share your thoughts below.
I joined Judy Woodruff on PBS NewsHour last night to talk about President Obama’s upcoming State of the Union Address. What do you hope to hear from President Obama tonight?
When the President delivers his State of the Union address this week, he has a lot of explaining to do. If all he has to offer is more of the same, or if he refuses to acknowledge that his own policies have failed to work – the President is simply doing what many failed leaders have done before him: trying to set one group of Americans against another group of Americans. We don’t need more class warfare, and we don’t need more interference from Washington. No government program can replace what a good job means for the future of a family. I hope President Obama will use his so-called "year of action" to have a little less talk, and a lot more action. Please watch my thoughts during the GOP Weekly Address and let me know what you hope to hear during the President's State of the Union in the comments below.
Enjoyed catching up with Jamie Allman live in-studio this morning at 97.1 FM NewsTalk in St. Louis.
Great to see so many Missourians at this morning’s March for Life in Washington as we keep fighting to protect every human life.
I visited two child advocacy centers in Northwest Missouri today to talk about ways that we can better protect our nation’s most vulnerable children. Congress can start by reauthorizing the Victims Of Child Abuse Act.
As we mark MLK Day today, we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., an American hero who fought to change the nation and give everyone the freedom to succeed.
I think you should know when your tax dollars are spent on advertising for ObamaCare or other government programs. Watch my discussion with Neil Cavuto on Fox News about the Taxpayer Transparency Act and share your thoughts below.
I spoke on the floor again today to share your stories about the impact of ObamaCare. You can send me your questions, thoughts, and concerns about this law in the comments below or on my website at bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
It’s not surprising that young people in Missouri and across America are running away from the ObamaCare train wreck. Share your thoughts below on the president's health care law.
I’m very concerned about the reports surrounding the plane that landed at the wrong airport in Southwest Missouri last night. I’ve landed at this airport before, and it’s tough to navigate in small planes – let alone an aircraft this size. People have every right to assume that they will arrive at their correct destination. As a member of the Senate Commerce Committee, I will insist that federal regulators do a thorough investigation to find out exactly what happened.
We’re a week into 2014 – how has ObamaCare impacted your health coverage thus far? Share your story in the comments below or by visiting bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
I’m proud to co-sponsor Senator Kelly Ayotte’s bill to restore military retirement benefits. This is a common-sense solution to help keep our promise to these brave servicemen and women and their families.
NA
Happy New Year - hope you and your family have a healthy and happy 2014.
The Obama Administration's HHS mandate is an egregious and blatant violation of the religious freedom that Americans have enjoyed for more than 220 years since the ratification of the First Amendment. No American should be forced to surrender their religious freedom or abandon their deeply held religious beliefs. I applaud Justice Sotomayor's move to block this onerous government overreach, which violates Americans’ constitutional rights.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas. Especially thinking of our nation's servicemen and women who are stationed around the world this holiday season - our thoughts are with you and your families.
Approximately one in four adults suffers from a diagnosable mental health disorder each year nationwide, according to the National Institute of Mental Health. Last week, the Senate Finance Committee passed an important bipartisan bill that I co-sponsored to help improve our nation's mental health care system. We have a model that works. Now is the time for Congress to act.
It was great to visit Ozarks Food Harvest today as they welcomed a larger than usual poultry donation to help those in need for the holidays
Millions of Americans are being forced off their current health care plans, losing access to their doctors, and facing higher premiums and deductibles thanks to ObamaCare. I want to hear how this flawed law is impacting you and your family. http://bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts
Few have done more to advance human rights and democracy than Nelson Mandela. Today the world lost one of the most courageous leaders of our time.
Good to join David Oliver in-studio on KOLR10 in Springfield last night. Watch our conversation here.
While many of us will spend this Thanksgiving with our family and friends, I would like to take a moment to recognize our servicemen and women who are separated from their loved ones in order to protect our nation. As you and your family reflect on what you are thankful for this year, please join me in honoring our men and women in uniform, and their families, for all they do for us.
The Obama administration announced yet another ObamaCare delay today - further demonstrating this law is fundamentally flawed. We need to repeal and replace this train wreck with common-sense health care solutions. #ObamaCare #BrokenPromise
President Obama’s health care takeover is crushing millions of Americans, and Missourians are speaking out about the impact of this disastrous law.
By failing to protect religious freedom, the Senate guaranteed that the courts would have to act. I'm pleased the Supreme Court has decided to hear this important case. The HHS mandate is an enormous government overreach and it violates Americans' constitutional rights. Employers should not be forced to choose between giving up their business for their faith or giving up their faith for their business.
When one political party decides to do something all by themselves, there is a long-term price to pay. Americans are paying the price for the health care law that President Obama and Democrats passed by themselves. Now Leader Reid and Senate Democrats have decided to break the Senate rules in order to jam through President Obama’s controversial nominees and agenda all on their own.   Watch my conversation with Chuck Todd on MSNBC this morning about this very important topic.
The St. Louis region is home to a skilled workforce with deep roots in the aviation industry and is an ideal production site for Boeing’s new 777x aircraft project. I’m pleased that Boeing is considering St. Louis as a top contender for this initiative, and I’ll be working hard to make the case to our friends at Boeing that St. Louis is the best place to build this aircraft.
This power grab by Leader Reid and Senate Democrats to break the rules of the Senate is simply an attempt to shift the focus away from the disastrous ObamaCare roll-out. The Democrats decided all on their own to involve the government in every American’s health care. Now, the Democrats want to make decisions all on their own about every federal judge. Neither of these things will produce a result the American people deserve.
Military sexual assault is totally unacceptable and we must hold the right people accountable while protecting the victims of these crimes. I spoke on the Senate floor today about amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act that I am supporting to help prevent these tragedies from happening in the military.
As the Senate considers the National Defense Authorization Act, I have introduced and supported several important amendments that will help protect military facilities in Missouri, promote religious freedoms among religious minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia, protect sexual assault victims in the military, and ensure the safety of our servicemen and women. To learn more about these amendments, visit my website by clicking on the link below.
As we mark the 150th Anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, we reflect on President Lincoln’s lessons that what unites us as Americans is much greater than what divides us.
Less than a week after President Obama proposed a temporary Band-Aid to his botched health care law, a new Washington Post – ABC survey shows Americans’ disapproval of ObamaCare has hit a record high. The fact is Americans don’t want this train wreck and I’m committed to dismantling it.
The president’s announcement today is literally the least he could do in the wake of his broken promises. Unfortunately, millions of Americans will still find themselves facing fines without any realistic way to get health insurance as the president essentially shifts the blame to states and insurance companies.  Americans deserve better than the ObamaCare train wreck, which is why I'm still fighting to replace this disastrous law with a system that puts patients and doctors in charge of their own health care -- not Washington bureaucrats.
Today I spoke with the White House to continue urging the president and his administration to secure the release of Pastor Saeed Abedini, an American who has been imprisoned and subjected to horrific treatment by the Iranian government.
I've heard countless stories from Missourians who are rightly concerned about the impact of the president's health care law, and I shared some of these stories on the Senate floor today. Across America, people are suffering from higher health care costs, dropped coverage, and reduced hours at work thanks to ObamaCare. I hope you’ll continue sharing your questions or concerns by visiting my website at http://bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
Fewer than 800 Missourians have successfully signed up for the president's health care plan while millions of Americans are being forced to lose their current coverage. That's appalling, and it simply confirms what we already knew: ObamaCare is a train wreck.
NA
Unbelievable. Fewer than 50k people have been able to sign up for ObamaCare while millions of Americans are being forced to lose their current coverage. Even former President Bill Clinton is calling on President Obama to keep his promise and let people to keep their current health care plan. Share this message if you agree.
As we mark Veterans Day today, please join me in thanking our nation's veterans, active duty servicemen and women, and their families for their commitment to keep America safe. We owe these brave men and women a great debt of gratitude for their selfless sacrifices.
Happy 238th birthday, U.S. Marines. Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
President Obama stated yesterday that he was sorry that millions of Americans being forced off their health care plans, “are finding themselves in this situation based on assurances they got from me.” If the president truly regrets these broken promises, I hope he’ll work with Congress to ensure all Americans can keep their health care.
Many of you have sent me your questions and concerns about the impact of ObamaCare. Today I shared some of these stories on the Senate floor and discussed how President Obama’s health care law is forcing millions of Americans to lose their health care coverage. Share your story by visiting http://bit.ly/ObamaCareImpacts.
“I received a letter from my health care provider I have had for over 10 years saying as of January 2014 they will no longer be my health care provider.  I am now forced to find other insurance on the exchange.  I loved my old insurance and wonder why they cancelled me, but the machine message only says due to new health care regulations they are being forced to drop some of their older clients.” –Greg, Poplar Bluff, Missouri
President Obama promised the American people “if you like your health plan, you can keep it.” Yet millions of Americans are now receiving cancellation letters from their insurance companies thanks to ObamaCare. If you’re a Missourian who is dealing with dropped coverage, I hope you’ll share your story by following the link below.
I am committed to fighting for Missourians who are being crushed by ObamaCare, but I need your input. Please share your story of how this costly law is impacting you, your family, and your community by visiting my website or by sending me a tweet using #MoObamaCareImpact.
Thanks to ObamaCare, many Missourians are being told if you like your doctor or your hospital, you actually can’t keep them.
NA
It was a great privilege to serve Missouri in the Congress with Ike Skelton and to benefit from his friendship and advice. No member of the Congress was more dedicated to America's defense and those who defend us than Ike Skelton. He loved our country and its history and will be remembered for his contributions to both.
A small business owner from Wentzville discusses how he is losing his family’s health care plan thanks to ObamaCare. If you’re facing similar challenges because of ObamaCare’s broken promises and want to stop this train wreck, share your story below.
The Obama administration knew the ObamaCare website wouldn’t work, thousands of American families are seeing their health care costs increase, and now this administration is going so far as to tell private insurance companies not to disclose enrollment information.
Religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia are under assault, and recent reports of more frequent, targeted attacks against Christian churches and individuals in Egypt are deeply troubling. That’s why I joined Senators Corker and Alexander in calling for a U.S. response to these attacks while we continue to forcefully defend religious freedom throughout the world.
President Obama said today that ObamaCare is ‘much more’ than a website. American families who have seen their hours at work reduced, health care premiums go up, and insurance options limited agree that ObamaCare is more than a website with technical glitches. This law is a train wreck and I’m committed to working to dismantle it.
The ObamaCare exchange website won’t work because it’s based on premises that won’t work. Watch my discussion about this costly train wreck, the need to focus on reining in government spending, and tax and entitlement reform with Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday.
The federal government spends too much and borrows too much. Those must be the two main targets after today’s vote and until we get our spending under control. Debate priorities, set priorities, and live within our means; that’s what American families have to do and what our government must do.
Most Americans oppose the Senate Democrats' proposal to raise the debt limit without implementing real spending reforms. I agree. The federal debt stands at almost $17 trillion today. Washington needs to get serious about reining in out-of-control spending.
More than once during yesterday’s White House meeting, President Obama talked about things that Republicans should try to get done ‘in the regular process,’ rather than at times when the government must act during a crisis. As I've expressed to the president and others in the administration, there's no regular process because the Senate has failed to pass appropriations bills. The president’s refusal to negotiate is not the way to lead. Hopefully yesterday’s meeting will be the start of the president and Congress getting America’s work done.
President Obama’s war on coal is hurting families in Missouri and across the country. Read my op-ed in today’s St. Louis Beacon discussing my ongoing efforts to push back on the Obama administration’s burdensome regulations and promote smart policies that encourage more American energy and more American jobs.
Families of U.S. service men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedoms shouldn’t be impacted by this government shutdown. I’m working to urge the Pentagon to interpret the Pay Our Military Act as broadly as possible to take care of those family members. Any delay in payments is absolutely unacceptable.
Rachel from Columbia wants the government out of her health care decisions and states, “Don’t tell us what we should be doing, we can take care of ourselves.” Share this post if you agree with Rachel.
If President Obama is granting ObamaCare waivers for U.S. employers, why won’t he do the same for American families? Doris from Lexington calls for a delay of ObamaCare for all Americans.
My staff and I are all safe in DC. We’re very grateful for the courage of our U.S. Capitol Police officers and all our first responders.
I’m very disappointed Senate Democrats would rather continue waging a partisan battle than restore common-sense funding for our National Guardsmen and women, veterans' services, life-saving cancer research, and national parks and museums. Just as Congress passed legislation to ensure our men and women in uniform receive paychecks during the shutdown, it makes sense to ensure these operations continue until Congress can reach an agreement to reopen the government.
Welcoming Missouri Honor Flights on 10/2/13.
I know the government shutdown is creating a lot of uncertainty for Missourians. I'm keeping my offices open for you in order to ensure you still have a place where you can ask questions about federal services, benefits, and other issues. If you have questions or concerns, please call my staff or visit one of my seven office locations. http://1.usa.gov/LMKtv8
Earlier today, I spoke on the Senate floor calling on Senate Democrats to treat families in Missouri and across the country the same as businesses. Share this post if you want an ObamaCare delay for all Americans.
For the third time in a week, Senate Democrats moved the nation closer to a government shutdown in order to protect ObamaCare. Republicans have offered common-sense solutions while Democrats have fallen in line with President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Reid. Americans deserve better.
Majority Leader Reid and President Obama have intentionally forced the nation to the edge of a shutdown today - all in an effort to save ObamaCare. I spent the weekend working with my House colleagues to come up with a plan that keeps the government open and delays the implementation of President Obama's health care law. My colleagues in the Senate should pass this plan today.
My colleagues on the other side of the aisle face an important decision today. Senate Democrats can stand with the majority of Americans and vote to defund ObamaCare. Or they can stand with Majority Leader Harry Reid and President Obama and vote to restore federal funding for this flawed law. Join me in calling on Senate Democrats to work with Republicans to defund ObamaCare and replace it with common-sense health care solutions.
I spoke in the floor yesterday about my continued efforts to repeal and defund ObamaCare. Share this post if you agree Senate Democrats should listen to Americans and work with Republicans who are fighting to stop this flawed law.
President Obama’s health care plan is a train wreck and I’ll keep fighting to repeal, delay, and defund this flawed law. Join me in calling on Senate Democrats to join the fight and defund ObamaCare while keeping the government open.
I've repeatedly voted to defund, repeal, and delay President Obama's health care law and I believe there is growing evidence that it will not work. That’s why this week I will continue that fight by supporting the House-passed continuing resolution, which defunds ObamaCare and keeps the federal government open without increasing federal spending.
President Obama visited the Ford plant in Claycomo today and continued his latest “pivot” to jobs and the economy. I advocated for the expansion of the Claycomo Ford plant, and I'm glad to see these jobs come to Missouri. However, our country needs more than campaign-style speeches and “pivots” from the president if we're going to jump-start private sector job creation. Five years in office, and four years after the recession ended, most American families and businesses are still struggling thanks to this administration's failed economic policies. We need to work together to pass common-sense solutions that encourage job growth – starting with the permanent delay of ObamaCare and more American energy.
As President Obama ‘pivots’ back to the economy, he should explain to Americans why he has blocked the Keystone XL Pipeline for five years. This shovel-ready project will create tens of thousands of U.S. jobs and help reduce our dependence on foreign oil. More American energy means more American jobs, and President Obama should stop stalling on Keystone and approve this important project immediately.
Take a moment to watch the latest web video from Senate Republicans highlighting ObamaCare’s broken promises.
This morning I joined David Gregory on NBC's "Meet the Press" to discuss the civil war in Syria. Click on the link to watch our discussion and share your thoughts and questions in the comments below.
I was honored to spend time with Kansas City veterans visiting their WWII Memorial. We are forever grateful for the sacrifices these heroes made to protect our freedoms.
On this day and every day, let us never forget the innocent victims -- as well as their families and friends -- who sacrificed so much on 9/11.  Twelve years later, we still live in a dangerous world with enemies who wish us harm. We were reminded of this just one year ago, when four Americans were killed during a deadly terrorist attack in Benghazi.  We're forever grateful to our men and women in uniform and our intelligence professionals who work tirelessly each and every day to keep us safe from another attack.
After careful consideration, I will vote no on Syria. Read my full statement by clicking the link below.
Today’s disappointing jobs report shows a slowdown in hiring and that many Americans have stopped searching for work. This is another crucial reminder that defunding ObamaCare and boosting American Energy are the shortest path to creating economic certainty and increasing job growth.
After weeks of claiming he could and would make the decision regarding military action in Syria on his own, the president's announcement today marks an astonishing change of course. While congressional approval is the best course of action and the right thing to do, it would have been the right course of action months ago.
More American energy means more American jobs. I visited Missourians in Poplar Bluff and Cape Girardeau yesterday to discuss ways we can reduce energy costs for families and businesses in our state and nationwide.
It’s clear the administration’s policies regarding Syria have not worked. The president is the one who drew the so-called red line. And if the response isn’t adequate, we run the risk of sending the wrong message to the region – particularly to Iran. Troops on the ground would be a mistake, and measures that achieve no real results would also be a mistake.
On the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s March on Washington, we are reminded of the sacrifices made by so many to ensure justice and equality for all Americans.
A new government report found the IRS’s ObamaCare fraud prevention program has been plagued with implementation problems. This law is a train wreck. That's why I'm co-sponsoring Senator Ted Cruz's legislation to defund ObamaCare, and I continue to fight for a full repeal of this flawed law.
The founder and former CEO of Staples Inc., Thomas Stemberg, wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal this week applauding the bipartisan bill I introduced with Senator King to streamline and eliminate burdensome government regulations. Families and job creators in Missouri and across America deserve more economic certainty and less government intrusion.
We had a big crowd and a good discussion during my annual Agriculture Advisory Lunch at the Missouri State Fair last week. Thanks to Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler and Missouri Farm Bureau President Blake Hurst for joining us this year.
I’m proud to co-chair the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, and I always appreciate the opportunity to thank Missouri’s volunteer fire fighters and other first responders for their commitment to our communities and for their sacrifices.
One of the highlights of the State Fair this week – serving lunch at the Missouri Cattlemen’s Association Beef House.
I had a great time visiting with Missourians at the State Fair this week. Agriculture is a key economic driver for our state, and farm families need more economic certainty to succeed.
The Nahon family has been part of my life and career during all my time in public service. Paul’s grandmother, Sharon Nahon, ran my Springfield office when I was Secretary of State and for the 14 years I served in the House of Representatives. I’ve known Paul since he was born, and he worked in my Washington office this summer, where he did an outstanding job – as was the case in everything he pursued. From tennis, to academics, to his friends and family, Paul was a young man with limitless potential. I talked to the Nahons last night, and along with my entire family, I am thinking about them as they deal with this tragedy.
Today's front page of the Springfield News-Leader highlights my recent discussion with Missourians about gas prices. More American energy means more American jobs.
KY3-TV reported on my visit to the the Fast & Friendly Fuel Stop in Ozark today to discuss my boutique fuels bill and the need to pursue more American energy.
The St. Joseph News-Press wrote about my letter calling for HHS to increase transparency and release data on ObamaCare premiums. This law is flawed, and that’s why I’m co-sponsoring Senator Cruz’s legislation to defund it.
By delaying the release of critical health insurance premium information, the Obama Administration is limiting the amount of time families and job creators have to plan and budget for substantially higher insurance costs. That’s why I’m calling on HHS to immediately release all of the data it has collected on health insurance premiums in 34 states, including Missouri.
Happy 192nd birthday, Missouri!
My staff and I are closely monitoring the recent flooding in South-Central Missouri and I urge area residents to continue paying close attention to weather conditions, heed all instructions from local officials, and contact my office if they need any assistance. To stay updated on road closures, shelter options, evacuation orders, volunteer efforts, and other important details, please visit MoDot.org or contact the Red Cross at (573) 364-3947.
You deserve more accountability and transparency from Washington. The House took a step in the right direction today by passing legislation to end government abuse – including passing two bills I introduced in the Senate last week. Share this if you agree we need to restore accountability and put the government back in your hands.
Missourians and job creators nationwide are burdened with too many confusing, inefficient, and duplicative government regulations that continue to stifle economic growth. I introduced a bipartisan bill today to streamline regulatory burdens and help job creators, entrepreneurs, and innovators grow and hire more people. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/16hyWzM
The federal government works for the people it represents, not the other way around. Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins and I wrote a joint op-ed in the Joplin Globe explaining our efforts to stop government abuse by empowering Americans.
NA
In the wake of the egregious IRS targeting scandal, I introduced a bill to empower Americans and stop government abuse.
President Obama needs to stay focused on private sector job creation. Watch my conversation with Bill Hemmer on Fox News this morning discussing the president’s latest jobs pivot.
Watch and share to tell President Obama that private sector job creation should be our #1 domestic priority.
I also joined Carl Quintanilla on CNBC today to talk about President Obama’s latest messaging “pivot” to private sector job creation.
I spoke to Chuck Todd on MSNBC this morning about President Obama's upcoming economic speech in Warrensburg as part of his latest "pivot" to jobs. Watch our discussion and share your thoughts below.
Check out my latest web video with CEO of CKE Restaurants, Andy Puzder, discussing business owners' serious concerns about the impact of ObamaCare.
I spoke on the Senate floor today about my hold on President Obama’s EPA nominee and reiterated my calls for the Obama Administration to end the bureaucratic bickering that has stalled progress on the St. Johns Bayou-New Madrid Floodway Project.
Americans need relief from high gas prices. Someone traveling across the state of Missouri could fill up with one blend of fuel in St. Louis, and a different blend of fuel in Kansas City. If one blend is in short supply, the other blend is not acceptable as a replacement – forcing consumers to pay more for gas in different locations. That’s why I’ve reintroduced the GAS Act to help reduce pain at the pump and provide more flexibility for families in Missouri and nationwide.
Roy Pearson from Springfield asked if ObamaCare will be repealed or delayed. Here’s why I believe we need to stop President Obama’s government takeover.
Thanks for all of your questions last week on ObamaCare. Here is my first response for James Hunter who asked, “Will the individual mandate be suspended like the employer mandate?”
NA
I'm proud that President Obama signed the bill I co-sponsored naming a new St. Louis bridge after Stan "The Man" Musial. He was a hero both on and off the field.
The Obama Administration announced the  delay of ObamaCare mandate for job creators, but that’s not enough. We need a permanent delay of this government takeover for all Americans. That’s why I joined Senator Ted Cruz today to cosponsor the ObamaCare Repeal Act, which will defund this flawed law.
My colleagues and I are calling on President Obama to permanently delay ObamaCare for all Americans. I hope you’ll watch my remarks and share your questions below.
As I travel across our state, I continue from Missourians who are concerned about the cost and impact of President Obama’s health care law. Do you have a question about ObamaCare? Post your question below, or tweet me at @RoyBlunt using #AskRoy, and I will post responses.
I spoke on the Senate floor today about the need for a permanent delay of Obamacare for everyone.
Between now and the fall, millions of American students are trying to decide whether or not they can afford to go to college. That’s why I’ve co-sponsored the "Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act,” to give students more certainty and access to lower rates. This long-term solution is very close to the president’s proposal and I hope Majority Leader Harry Reid will bring this bill to the floor for a vote immediately.
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Fourth of July. Always remember, freedom is not free.
As I travel across the state, Missourians continue to express real concerns that President Obama's massive health care overhaul will hurt small businesses and stifle job creation. The Obama Administration's announcement today that it will delay the implementation of the ObamaCare employer mandate is a clear admission that this law is simply unworkable and costs too much. Now more than ever, it's clear we need to replace ObamaCare with common-sense solutions that provide Americans with access to quality and affordable health coverage - not a so-called "train wreck" that puts Washington bureaucrats between patients and their doctors.
As we approach the Fourth of July, take a moment to read my column honoring our men and women in uniform and their families for making tremendous sacrifices to protect the freedoms that make America great.
Millions of American students are borrowing between now and the fall, and they’re trying to decide whether or not they can afford to go to school. The House has passed legislation to reduce student loan rates, and the Senate has a bipartisan plan that is very close to the president’s proposal. I hope Majority Leader Harry Reid will allow a vote on this common-sense solution immediately when the Senate is back in session.
Today marks one year since the U.S. Supreme Court decided the individual mandate – the core of ObamaCare – is a tax. And in light of recent the IRS targeting scandal, the last thing Americans need is for the IRS to have more involvement or greater access to Americans’ personal information. I’ll keep fighting to repeal the most onerous parts of ObamaCare and replace it with solutions that put patients in charge of their health care – not Washington bureaucrats at the IRS or elsewhere.
I voted against the Senate immigration bill today because it doesn’t adequately prioritize border security and it fails to address the nation’s “other border” – the hiring desk. Please watch my floor speech earlier today and share your thoughts below.
NA
Talked with veterans visiting the WWII Memorial in Washington, D.C.
The Obama Administration is admittedly waging a ‘war on coal,’ which will hurt families and job creators in states like Missouri that rely heavily on coal for accessible and affordable power. Unfortunately, the president continues to block and delay the job-creating Keystone XL Pipeline, and now he’s proposing a plan that will lead to higher energy costs that further stall economic development. Share this post if you agree Americans can’t afford higher energy costs.
Congress has one shot to address immigration reform the right way today, and we had better get it right. Any legislation that reaches the president’s desk must address border security first and foremost. Unfortunately, I can’t vote for this bill because it fails to prioritize border security first.
I voted against proceeding to the Hoeven/Corker amendment today because I’m concerned it doesn’t adequately put border security first, which must be our top priority. Read my statement below and share your thoughts on this important debate.
Enjoyed visiting Mercy R&D in Springfield last week as they unveiled an incredible medical breakthrough to protect and repair wounded warriors’ eyesight. Check out KOLR10’s report.
Visiting Mercy Research & Development to discuss their groundbreaking research project that will help protect & repair wounded warriors’ sight.
Our first priority must be securing the border. That's why I was proud to co-sponsor Senator John Cornyn’s RESULTS amendment, which put border security first. Very disappointed the Senate voted to block this important provision.
The death tax is a devastating blow for farm families in Missouri and nationwide who are planning for the future and transitioning from one generation to the next. That’s why I’m co-sponsoring Senator John Thune’s bill to permanently eliminate the federal estate tax on family farms, ranches, and small businesses.
Amid a slew of recent controversies, including the targeting scandal at the IRS, the Obama Administration’s credibility gap continues to grow. We need more accountability and transparency from our government.
Wishing a happy Father's Day weekend to all the dads out there.
NA
Happy Flag Day and Happy 238th birthday to the U.S. Army. Share this post to thank the troops who sacrifice for our freedoms.
NA
Enjoyed meeting with several Missouri FFA students from Carl Junction, Pierce City, East Newton, Cassville, & Sarcoxie today.
The "Affordable Care Act" really isn't affordable. The Associated Press noted today that health care costs could increase for low-income workers.
I am co-sponsoring several immigration amendments that are central to strengthening our nation’s border security. Click on the link below to learn more about these important amendments and please share you questions in the section below.
NA
I voted to move forward with debating legislation re: immigration reform because it’s a crucial problem that must be addressed, but that does not change the fact that I still have very serious concerns about the underlying Senate bill. I believe there are ways to improve the base bill, with an eye toward meeting three important goals: first securing our borders, then fulfilling our legitimate workforce needs, and determining how we deal with people who come to the country illegally or overstay. I plan to co-sponsor several amendments during this debate that would help meet these goals. However, I will not vote for final passage of any immigration legislation that fails to meet these critical objectives.
Read my op-ed in USA Today calling for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow stand-alone votes on mental health legislation before another mental health crisis results in senseless loss.
Great to catch up with Speaker Tim Jones and his family in my Washington office yesterday afternoon.
I’m glad the Senate passed the Farm Bill today, which will give families in Missouri and nationwide much needed economic certainty. Learn more about this important legislation by clicking the link below.
The new jobs report continues to demonstrate the nation’s economy is still stagnant. Jumpstarting private sector job creation must be our top domestic priority.
Whether they’re spying on farmers or leaking personal information, the EPA is clearly targeting farm families, and this has to stop. I joined my colleagues in a letter demanding answers immediately regarding what the Obama Administration is doing to stop this clear intrusion into privacy.
69 years ago today, brave American heroes stormed the shores of Normandy to protect the world from tyranny. We’re forever indebted to these D-Day heroes who fought to protect our freedom.
Did you know that 69% of families who claimed the adoption tax credit were audited by the IRS last year? Ongoing IRS targeting hasn't been limited to political organizations. We must continue to investigate the IRS’s abuses and enact comprehensive reforms to prevent this type of activity from occurring again — before the IRS gets its hands on Americans’ health care coverage.
KOLR10 reported on my calls for military leaders to explain what they are doing to stop sexual assault during yesterday’s Armed Services Committee hearing.
During an important Senate Armed Services Committee hearing today, I pressed top military leaders for answers on what they are doing to prevent sexual assaults. This absolutely must stop.
I’m pleased President Obama has finally joined the bipartisan efforts to fix our nation’s mental health policies. Instead of pushing for legislation that fails to address the tragedies we witnessed in Newtown, Aurora, and Tucson, I hope the president will work with Congress to improve how we identify and care for Americans who suffer from diagnosable mental illnesses before a mental health crisis results in violence.
Missourians, stay safe this evening. Several reports of severe weather across the state and the region.
NA
We can all agree that every young American should have the opportunity to achieve a college education. Yet while President Obama appears more interested in staging campaign-style events to stir up partisan divisions in Washington, I believe we must work together to achieve a bipartisan solution that will provide permanent reform to help young Americans avoid a higher interest rate on their student loans.
Due to heavy rains that have pushed many areas above flood stage in the lower Missouri River basin, the Kansas City Army Corps of Engineers has declared a flood emergency for the Kansas City region. Please stay alert and be cautious of flash floods and flooded roadways.
The sequester grew out of political impasse, and now thousands of critical jobs are threatened by furloughs. My op-ed in Reuters today explains why Congress must take bipartisan action to replace the reckless sequester with targeted spending cuts instead of raising taxes on hard-working American families.
I talked to several small business leaders at the Independence Chamber of Commerce yesterday who told me they’re concerned that ObamaCare will reduce the number of full-time employees in Missouri and nationwide. Check out KMBC’s report on these discussions.
Wrapping up several meetings in the Kansas City region today. Small business leaders and health care providers across Missouri have serious concerns about how President Obama’s health care takeover will impact the local economy and patient care.
Great to spend this morning at the National World War I Museum at Liberty Memorial in Kansas City. On my way now to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fountain.
On this day and every day, we honor the soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. We also thank their families, who's selfless commitments make it possible for us to enjoy freedoms that make America great.
NA
We’ve seen remarkable recovery efforts in Joplin during the two years since the deadly tornado. Watch my remarks on the Senate floor today marking the 2-year anniversary.
More American energy means more American jobs. Missouri relies overwhelming on coal as a safe and affordable power source, which is why I joined my Missouri colleagues in the House to call on President Obama to stop targeting new construction of coal fired power plants.
As we mark the 2nd anniversary of the devastating Joplin tornado today, my heart goes out to all the victims and their families in Oklahoma. Americans are resilient, and I’m confident we will rally together to help those impacted by the Oklahoma tornado.
Missourians are heading to Oklahoma to help the families impacted by the devastating tornado. Learn more about how you can help the victims, or donate immediately by texting REDCROSS to 90999.
My prayers go out to the tornado victims in Oklahoma.
As Americans to learn more about the IRS targeting scandal and the deadly attack in Benghazi, I joined Fox News this morning to discuss the need for transparency and accountability from the Obama Administration.
Tell President Obama the buck stops with him.
I am extremely troubled that the IRS is set to play a dominant role in implementing ObamaCare. We must replace this flawed law with solutions that will put doctors and patients in charge of their own health care, instead of government bureaucrats who clearly can’t be trusted.
Watch my remarks on unfolding IRS targeting scandal and share this post if you refuse to tolerate this atrocious behavior.
If the reports are accurate that Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller knew about the agency’s egregious targeting of conservative groups last year and he misled members of Congress, he should step down or be removed immediately. It’s become increasingly clear this was not limited to the actions of a small group of lower level employees, which is why I join my colleagues in support of any and all congressional investigations to uncover the truth behind these shameful activities.
The IRS is targeting conservative groups. The president called the deadly Benghazi attacks a “side show.” The Secretary of Health and Human Services is fundraising for ObamaCare from the very industries that she regulates. And now the Department of Justice is going after the Associated Press. Is this President Obama's second term agenda?
Happy Mother's Day.
I am outraged that the IRS played politics and wrongfully targeted conservative organizations during the election cycle. I join my colleagues in calling on the Obama Administration to conduct a transparent review and ensure this type of behavior is not tolerated moving forward and Americans’ first amendment rights are protected.
I spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon to discuss continued concerns and opposition to President Obama’s health care “train wreck.”
Last fall, I was one of the first to call on the Obama Administration to allow Congress to talk to people who were actually on the ground in Benghazi. Nearly eight months later, we're still uncovering the facts surrounding this terrorist attack. I appreciate the powerful testimony from Greg Hicks and other whistleblowers who testified during yesterday's House Oversight hearing.
Welcome home to the Missouri National Guard 935th Aviation Support Battalion. We owe you and your families a debt of gratitude.
Very important House Oversight Committee hearing happening today on last year’s deadly Benghazi attack. The American people deserve to know the truth.
The number of skeptics of President Obama’s health care law is growing. Find out which of my Democrat colleagues have serious concerns about the implementation of ObamaCare.
NA
Turns out the Obama Administration once again over-sold the impact of sequestration - this time on FDA inspections. Instead of threatening to make cuts in a way that hurts the economy, the president and his administration should be searching for ways to cut wasteful spending. Here's an easy place to start: http://bit.ly/CutWastefulSpending.
As demonstrated by the recent FAA furloughs, President Obama is trying to make sequestration unnecessarily painful for average Americans. All of this is avoidable. Read my take in today's Washington Post.
It’s been two years since the Army Corps of Engineers breached the levee at the Birds Point-New Madrid Floodway in Southeast Missouri. Yesterday I toured the reconstruction efforts and received an update from local residents and the Army Corps on the progress. We must use the lessons learned from the 2011 floods and involve more local input when we’re responding to future disasters.
Enjoyed visiting my grandchildren at their school in Jefferson City this morning.
NA
No wonder some of my colleagues across the aisle have dubbed ObamaCare a “train wreck.” The Wall Street Journal notes that 89% of Missouri’s small businesses could see their insurance premiums increase thanks to this government overhaul. Meanwhile, a new Kaiser poll today noted that the popularity of ObamaCare has steadily dropped since the fall, and 49% of Americans say they don’t have enough information to understand how the law will impact their own family.
As I’ve long said, we can rein in federal spending in more targeted ways that don't hurt the economy or punish average Americans. This is a step in the right direction.
Enjoyed Skyping with Westminster College students studying National Security today. Here's the view from the classroom.
I spoke on the Senator floor yesterday about the Obama Administration’s intentional mismanagement of sequestration and needless FAA furloughs for air traffic controllers. This decision has caused unnecessary airport delays for travelers nationwide. Take a moment to watch my remarks and please share any stories about your own travel delays below.
One of my top priorities has always been to hear questions and concerns directly from Missourians, and I hope this Facebook page is a resource for you to join the conversation online. There are a lot of important issues facing America today, and in a democracy, there will be times where we disagree. That being said, let’s be respectful to each other and use this opportunity for constructive conversations and debate.
The Obama Administration’s failure to plan for sequestration is simply irresponsible. Instead of protecting travelers from unnecessary delays, President Obama and his cabinet agencies are making American families pay the price for the Administration’s poor planning.
Congratulations to all our law enforcement, intelligence professionals, military, and first responders on a job well done in Boston.
My prayers are with the victims, their families, and the first responders impacted by the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Tx.
I voted to protect Missouri’s 2nd Amendment rights today.
In the three years since the president signed his health care takeover into law, it’s become increasingly clear that this flawed plan will only deliver more broken promises and more bad news for families and job creators nationwide. Take a moment to read my op-ed in today’s Springfield News-Leader highlighting why we must defund ObamaCare and replace it with common-sense health care solutions.
Had a great chat with Jamie Allman from FM NewsTalk 97.1 during his trip to Washington, D.C. Check out our discussion.
I introduced an important bill yesterday to protect private sector jobs and public safety by ensuring “essential” federal employees continue to provide vital services.
The American flag flying at half-staff over the U.S. Capitol to honor the victims of the Boston Marathon tragedy.
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the Boston Marathon victims and their families.
Instead of infringing on Americans’ constitutional rights, we must enforce current laws and focus on improving the way we care for and treat people with mental illness to prevent tragedies like the events that occurred in Newtown, Aurora, and Tucson.
Always enjoy talking with Tom Bradley on 93.9 The Eagle in Columbia. Take a moment to listen to our conversation about the bills I’m co-sponsoring to improve mental health screening and treatment to prevent violence like we saw in Newtown, as well as the impact of sequestration on the Columbia airport and other parts of our economy.
I voted to block Leader Reid's gun bill today because it restricts law-abiding citizens’ Second Amendment rights, and it would not prevent tragedies like the events that occurred in Newtown, Aurora, or Tucson. We must have a national discussion about improving the ways that we identify and care for people with mental illness. We also must educate and empower members of the community to share information and intervene before someone does something that tragically impacts their lives and the lives of others. I’ve co-sponsored a number of bills to help achieve these goals.
Hope everyone is staying safe after last night's storms in Missouri. If you or anyone you know needs assistance, the United Way and the Red Cross will be providing services to those impacted by these severe storms.   Red Cross: 1-800-RED-CROSS (733-2767)  www.redcross.org  United Way: 1-800-427-4626 http://www.211helps.org
I’d really hoped President Obama’s budget would include real solutions to get our economy back on track – especially after he delivered it to Congress two months late. But instead of proposing policies that would help rein in spending and put more Americans back to work, President Obama’s budget includes almost $1 trillion in new spending, $8.2 trillion in new debt, and $1.1 trillion in new taxes.
President Obama will reportedly unveil his latest budget today, which comes two months after the legal deadline. Like & share this post to tell the Obama Administration it’s time to cut wasteful government spending in order to boost economic growth.
Missourians rightly have serious concerns about the cost and economic impact of President Obama’s burdensome health care law. That’s why I’ve voted to defund ObamaCare.
I'm urging President Obama to show leadership and address Russian President Putin’s blatant pattern of intimidation and repression.
I'm very sad to hear about the passing of Margaret Thatcher. Her work with Ronald Reagan & Pope John Paul II changed the world.
NA
An interesting recent study found that Senate Republicans “are the most prolific social media users in Congress.” Thanks to all of you for being part of the conversation online.
Wishing everyone a happy Easter.
The Wall Street Journal editorialized on my budget amendment to protect American families and small businesses from higher energy costs.
I won’t support President Obama's proposals that infringe on Americans’ constitutional rights and fail to prevent tragedies like Sandy Hook. Instead, I’m committed to finding ways to prevent senseless acts of violence by focusing on improving mental health policies to ensure we’re spending federal dollars more wisely when it comes to identifying, treating, and caring for people who are mentally ill.
NA
Take a moment to listen to my conversation with Mark Reardon in-studio at KMOX about the need to cut wasteful spending & my amendment to protect public safety & American jobs.
I joined Jamie Allman in-studio on NewsTalk 97.1 FM in St. Louis this morning to discuss my amendment to protect food supply and jobs from unnecessary sequester furloughs.
Today marks three years since President Obama’s government health care takeover was signed into law. And in the past three years, it's become increasingly clear that the president's flawed plan continues to deliver more broken promises and more bad news for the American people.   I'll continue fighting to repeal the most flawed components of this law so we can replace it with common-sense reforms that put patients and doctors in control of their health care – not Washington bureaucrats.
I voted against the Senate Democrat's budget because it taxes too much, spends too much, increases the debt, and never balances.
It’s time the government understands that death should not be a taxable event.
I voted today for Senator Ted Cruz’s amendment to repeal ObamaCare. Nearly three years after this government takeover was signed into law, I'm still fighting against President Obama’s broken promises.
I spoke on the Senate floor to discuss a few budget amendments that will encourage charitable giving, eliminate the unfair death tax, and reduce regulations that drive up cost of American energy.
The Senate is debating a budget for the first time in nearly four years. I’ve introduced or co-sponsored several amendments to help boost economic certainty and reduce costly and job-destroying regulations.
With U.S. debt at $16.7 trillion and climbing, Senate Republicans launched a new website today highlighting ways that we can cut wasteful government spending. Learn more and share with your friends.
I’m very pleased the Senate unanimously passed my amendment today, which will help protect every family from paying higher food costs, and ensure hardworking Americans who make a living at these food inspection facilities don’t see their wages cut.
I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday in support of Senator Jerry Moran’s amendment that will protect Americans’ air travel and private sector jobs from across-the-board sequester cuts.
I've introduced a bipartisan amendment to protect private sector jobs in Missouri and nationwide. By solving a funding gap for America’s food inspectors, this amendment ensures that every meat, poultry, and egg processing facility is not forced to shut down for up to 2 weeks as a result of sequester furloughs. We have 148 meat packing facilities in Missouri. This is a big issue where we live, and it impacts families who really work hard to make a living. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this common-sense, bipartisan amendment.
NA
After nearly four years without a Senate budget, I’m disappointed the Senate Democrats’ proposal fails to cut wasteful spending, address deficit reduction, or enact meaningful entitlement reform. Instead, the Majority’s budget hurts job creation in Missouri and includes more tax hikes and reckless spending, which has led us to a record $16.7 trillion debt. Learn how this plan specifically impacts Missourians by clicking the link below.
We should do everything we can to protect Americans’ safety and private sector jobs. That’s why I introduced an amendment today to provide the Obama Administration with the flexibility to ensure “essential” federal employees continue to provide vital services, including meat inspections, control tower operations, and border security.
I just voted for Senator Ted Cruz’s amendment to defund ObamaCare. Americans can’t afford this job-destroying law in an already fragile economy.
I spoke at the Republican leadership press conference today about what I hope to see in the Senate Democrats’ budget, which they have had 1,413 days to prepare. After near four years, Senate Democrats must be producing a budgetary masterpiece.
My staff hosted 19 Listening Post meetings across Missouri this week. Visit my web site to find a meeting in your region and share your questions, thoughts, and concerns with my staff on the issues that matter most to you.
Senator Paul is right: the Obama Administration should answer these very legitimate questions about the use of drones against America citizens. Two years ago as a member of the Intelligence Committee, I raised my concerns about the use of drones, and I applaud Senator Paul for highlighting this important issue on the floor yesterday. I still have very serious concerns about the Obama Administration’s use of drones against U.S. citizens, and I will not support John Brennan's nomination for CIA Director.
Today I voted against Caitlin Halligan’s nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court. Halligan’s well-documented record of judicial activism and her extreme positions on a number of critical issues facing America make me seriously question her ability to impartially apply the law and uphold the Constitution.  The D.C. Circuit plays an important role as a check against the Executive Branch by directly reviewing the decisions and rulemakings of many federal agencies and it’s critical that President Obama nominate someone who will apply the law fairly and objectively.
I’m looking at legislation to protect the economy and public safety by allowing the Obama Administration to apply the same standards to furloughs that they apply to “essential” federal employees who are required to work during occurrences of inclement weather or other government shutdowns.
Joined David Oliver in-studio at KOLR-TV yesterday to discuss the impact of sequestration and why the Senate should finally pass a budget.
I spoke on the Senate floor earlier today about tomorrow’s sequestration deadline. Watch my remarks about why we need targeted cuts to rein in spending here.
Spending cuts will happen. President Obama has the ability to minimize the impact of sequestration on our nation’s economy and national security.
The last time the Senate Democrats passed a budget nearly four years ago – no one had an iPad, Instagram didn’t exist, ObamaCare had not passed, and Brett Favre still played in the NFL. Watch my remarks on the Senate floor today discussing the need for the Democrat-controlled Senate to finally pass a budget.
A lot has happened in the 1,400 days since the Democrat-controlled Senate passed a budget. Tell the Majority that we must rein in reckless spending by sharing our latest web video.
Senator McCaskill and I are demanding answers from Obama Administration on the St. Johns Bayou & New Madrid Floodway Project. This is another outrageous example of the government arguing with the government while nothing is accomplished.
President Obama first proposed sequestration. He insisted it become law, and even threatened to veto a bill that would have replaced the sequester late last year. These spending cuts are going to happen. The question is whether President Obama will offer achievable, targeted spending cuts.
Today marks 1,400 days – nearly four years – since the Democrat-controlled Senate passed a federal budget. Tell Senate Democrats it’s time to work together and pass a plan that reins in Washington’s reckless spending.
I also spoke with Mark Reardon on KMOX today about the potential impact of sequestration. Take a moment to listen and share your thoughts below.
Good to talk with Renee Hulshof and Mark Farnen on KFRU this morning about the potential impact of sequestration why we need the Democrat-controlled Senate to finally pass a budget.
NA
Keeping all who were impacted by tonight's devastating fire in Kansas City in my thoughts & prayers.
I had a good conversation with Dana Loesch this afternoon about the need to improve screening and treatment for mental health issues.
Happy President's Day. I'm proud to occupy the office in the Senate that was once used by Missouri's own President Harry S. Truman.
Great new web video from Republican Senators highlighting the need to rein in reckless spending and help boost job growth.
It has been 1,387 days since the Democrat-led Senate passed a budget. Meanwhile, the federal debt has skyrocketed to $16.5 trillion. That’s simply unacceptable. I’m co-sponsoring a Balanced Budget Amendment for my 6th time in Congress because it’s time to get serious about balancing the federal budget.
Sat down with Politico’s Mike Allen this morning to discuss President Obama’s State of the Union address. Take a moment to watch my comments and share your take on last night’s address below.
This was the eighth time in four years the president said 'it’s now time to focus on the economy.' Darn right it’s time to focus on the economy. We need to focus on the private sector, on energy, on job creation – that really will help make America what America can be.
I strongly believe we must protect victims of domestic abuse and violence, which is why I voted for Senator Grassley’s VAWA reauthorization bill. Unfortunately, the bill the Senate considered today has been politicized and includes elements that are irrelevant to the core purposes of VAWA, including an unconstitutional provision related to tribal courts.
Watch my questions for Deputy Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and the Joint Chiefs of Staff at today’s Armed Services Committee hearing about how the looming sequestration cuts will impact jobs in Missouri and nationwide.
I spoke with Bill Hemmer on Fox News this morning about the impact of potential sequestration cuts and the need for presidential leadership. The President first proposed the sequester, then he claimed last year during the campaign that it “will not happen.” Republicans have already passed two bills that would replace the sequester in a smarter way. The president needs to step forward and outline a plan to rein in spending without raising taxes on middle class Americans and job creators.
NA
Take a moment to listen to my interview on KMBZ Radio this morning discussing my opposition to Senator Hagel for Secretary of Defense, yesterday’s Benghazi hearings, and legislation I’ve cosponsored to help identify and treat people who are mentally ill.
I questioned Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey at today’s Armed Services Committee hearing about the deadly attacks in Benghazi last year.
Many of you have recently asked about my position on Egypt. I have great concerns about the direction that the Egyptian government is heading under President Morsi’s oppressive leadership. That's why I'm cosponsoring a bill introduced by Senator Inhofe to delay the distribution of F-16s to Egypt until President Obama certifies to Congress that the Morsi regime will uphold its previous commitments under the Camp David Peace Accords, provide proper protection to U.S. Embassies, and bring stability to the country. http://1.usa.gov/WRKSDX
Happy birthday to President Reagan. His legacy of principled conservatism and his work to empower our nation by reducing the size of government will never be forgotten.
Another year, another budget deadline missed by President Obama. At a time when America needs a clear and responsible economic blueprint to rein in reckless federal spending, President Obama has missed the required budget deadline more than any other president before him.
I also appeared on MSNBC’s Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd to discuss my decision to vote against Senator Hagel. Please share your thoughts and questions below.
Take a moment to watch my interview with Martha MacCallum on Fox News today regarding my decision to vote against Senator Hagel for Secretary of Defense.
Senator Hagel’s answers before the Armed Services Committee yesterday were simply too inconsistent, particularly as they related to Iran and Israel. The idea that we can contain a nuclear Iran and his view that we should not have unilateral sanctions are just wrong and are too dangerous for us to try. I admire Senator Hagel’s service to our country, but for this job at this time, his views do not reflect the kind of leadership that we need from our Secretary of Defense. That’s why I will vote against him in committee and on the floor if there is a vote of the full Senate.
In case you missed it, watch my 2nd round of questions for former Senator Chuck Hagel on the potential impacts of sequestration & Israel.
President Obama needs to respect the constitution. Read my op-ed in Reuters today discussing these unconstitutional NLRB appointments and the legislation I’ve introduced to correct President Obama’s blatant overreach.
I questioned former Senator Chuck Hagel during today’s defense secretary confirmation hearing. Watch my questions and share your remarks below.
Unbelievable. Our nation’s economy shrank during the last quarter of 2012 for the first time since the recession ended, national unemployment is still hovering near 8 percent, and more than 12 million Americans are still looking for work. Yet President Obama is giving up on his Jobs Council after it only met four times since 2011 – the most recent of which was almost a year ago.
I also spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon about the NLRB’s decision to blatantly ignore the recent court ruling stating President Obama’s so-called “recess appointments” are unconstitutional.
I introduced legislation today to eliminate the salaries of President Barack Obama’s unconstitutional National Labor Relations Board appointees and block the board from taking any action until these appointees are legally confirmed. Take a moment to watch my interview on “Your World with Neil Cavuto” on Fox News discussing this important topic.
I really enjoyed Skyping with nearly 100 students at Bowling Green High School this morning during their mock legislature. Thanks so much for your insightful questions and keep up the great work.
I’m considering legislation to stop pay for the unconstitutional National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) appointees. Watch my remarks from today’s Republican Leadership Stakeout on this topic.
KY3 reported on my meetings with Southwest Missouri defense contractors in Springfield who are concerned about the ways in which potential sequestration cuts will impact the region.
It’s been said that failing to plan is planning to fail. Yet that’s exactly what Senate Democrats have done as they have failed to pass a federal budget for almost 4 years. Read my op-ed in Politico today about the need for the Senate to rein in reckless spending.
While my preference was that we did not change the Senate rules, we successfully stopped the so-called ‘nuclear option’ from going into effect. This solution is manageable and will preserve the minority party’s ability to debate any bill.
We must do a better job of identifying mental health issues in order to prevent senseless acts of violence. That’s why I've cosponsored bipartisan legislation to help boost training programs and raise community awareness about mental health. Learn more about this bill by clicking on the link below.
There’s no doubt that Washington is living outside its means. Our federal debt has skyrocketed to a record $16.43 trillion and President Obama racked up more than $5.8 trillion of that total in just his first term. It’s time for President Obama and the Democrat-controlled Senate to get serious about working together to solve the fiscal crisis that we’re facing today.
I took a few minutes today and joined Senator McCaskill to honor the life of Stan Musial on the Senate floor. What was your favorite memory of Stan “The Man” Musial?
If you don't have an agenda, you become defined by crisis. It's been 1,364 days since the Democrats who control the Senate managed to pass a budget. The president and his party must work with Republicans to lay out specific, achievable solutions that will rein in reckless spending and help solve the problems facing our country today.
Remembering the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. today and grateful for his tireless work in pursuit of justice.
I enjoyed talking to Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday this morning and discussing the need for leadership from President Obama in his 2nd term. Watch the video and share your thoughts below.
I heard from Antoinette Triplett today about the great work she's doing as Director of Homeless Services in St. Louis.
NA
Thanks to everyone who has shared their thoughts on President Obama’s guns proposals by sending letters, calling my office, and posting comments on Facebook and Twitter. It’s very important for me to get your feedback and I appreciate everyone who reached out. I continued to discuss this important issue on KWTO Radio in Springfield this morning. Please take a moment to listen to my comments and share your thoughts below.
I really enjoyed stopping by the National WWI Memorial in Kansas City yesterday to discuss my role on the Armed Services Committee and major issues facing the 113th Congress.
Any weapon can cause great damage if it’s in the hands of the wrong person. We must work to improve mental health policies to prevent acts of violence and continue to protect law-abiding Americans’ Second Amendment rights.
Good to talk with military chaplains Captain Brown, Captain Poe, Lieutenant Commander Doney & Arthur Schulcz yesterday about my role in the Senate Armed Services Committee and the need to protect religious freedom for all serving in the military.
As the father of a young son and the grandfather to six young children, I was outraged and saddened by the Sandy Hook shooting. Unfortunately, the president's proposals today fundamentally fail to address ways that we can prevent tragic events like Sandy Hook, and instead, he's attempting to restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans.
I’m pleased to see the Corps has heeded my calls and continues to take positive steps in the rock removal process to help prevent a crisis on the Mississippi River. This is a step in the right direction, and I urge the Corps to continue monitoring water levels and to ensure the maintenance of commercial navigation.
NA
I enjoyed talking to Dana Loesch in-studio this afternoon about my new role in the Senate Armed Services Committee and the outrageous Russian adoption ban.
I wrote an op-ed in today's St. Louis Post-Dispatch about Russia's outrageous adoption ban, which shamefully uses children as political pawns. There are more than 700,000 Russian children in orphanages today — many of whom are ill or have other special needs. This move demonstrates just how weak Putin’s regime is that it chooses to punish America by preventing loving families from helping Russia’s neediest children.
Congratulations to Joplin School District Superintendent CJ Huff on being named one of four finalists in the 2013 American Association of School Administrator’s National Superintendent of the Year program. So glad CJ and his wife Jennifer were able to stop by my office yesterday.
I enjoyed talking with EJ & Ellen on KMBZ this morning about the recent fiscal cliff agreement and the critical need to cut spending. Listen to my remarks by clicking on the link below.
I look forward to serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee and fighting to sustain Missouri’s historic role as one of the most important states in national defense. This committee will be faced with a number of critical challenges and responsibilities this year, including dealing with the sequestration cuts. We must rein in Washington’s out-of-control spending, but those cuts should be targeted in a way that does not jeopardize our national security or military readiness.
The Senate unanimously approved a resolution that I introduced with Senator Landrieu condemning Russian President Putin for using his nation's children as political pawns. By blocking American families from all Russian adoptions, President Putin is creating an international dispute and demonstrating behavior that is not worthy of the credit we just gave the Russians when we granted them Permanent Normal Trade Relations last month.
Congress passed the bill I cosponsored to help Kansas City remain a focal point in the study of World War I. Missourians are deeply proud of our World War I heroes, and it is only fitting to make the site of America’s World War I Museum the home base for the Centennial celebration.
Having worked hard to get these tax policies passed in 2001 and 2003, I'm glad that this vote protects middle class families and small business owners from tax hikes. This bill permanently protects 99% of taxpayers from a tax increase, provides permanent tax relief and economic certainty for every American, and ensures the vast majority of farm families and small businesses in Missouri will not face the unfair death tax.
