Many of the proposals in my conservative reform agenda involve transferring power that has concentrated in Washington D.C. back to the states.
Merry Christmas from my family to yours!
If there is any single group of people in the entire country whose equal opportunity to pursue happiness we should make sure to protect, it is our ultimate entrepreneurial and investor class: America’s moms and dads. The family has emerged as perhaps the most important institution in our economy.  It is an incubator of economic opportunity, an indicator of economic success, and grows more economically important every day.
It’s time for the American people to expect more. Don’t settle. Expect Congress to vigorously defend its institutional authority and the constitutional rights of the American people.
"It’s true that the last few weeks of Congress have perfectly represented everything that is wrong with Washington. But change is coming.  "The final weeks of the 113th Congress followed what has become a sad and predictable pattern: Several massive bills were cobbled together secretly by a small collection of political and economic insiders and then hastily forced through Congress before anyone could discover all the special-interest favors tucked inside.  "And yet, as we approached the culmination of this miserable process, something remarkable happened.  "A small but resolute group of representatives and senators from both sides of the aisle spoke out against this un-republican, undemocratic process. Their numbers began to grow.  "Members of both parties — conservatives and liberals — stood up for the American people against a failed status quo that forces those who work hard, play by the rules and live within their means to subsidize political and economic elites who don’t.  "And while our bipartisan efforts may have come up short this year, I believe they prove that what we have witnessed these past few weeks represents the last gasping throes of a discredited Washington status quo."
The Constitution gives the Senate the responsibility to give the president advice about his executive nominations and ultimately consent. My advice is this: The president should not proffer a nominee for the job of executing our immigration laws who affirmatively supports subverting those very same laws. That's exactly what the president has done by nominating Sarah Saldana to be in charge of Immigration and Customs Enforcement within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and submitting her to the senate for confirmation, and I cannot and will not give my consent.
When we are being asked to fund a $4 trillion government it's not too much to ask senators to work through the weekend rather than recessing 72 hours before getting back to their job. As an outgoing senate majority leader, it would have been political malpractice for Senator Reid to adjourn without getting the president's nominees confirmed. Not one person will be confirmed who would not have been otherwise confirmed simply because the Senate spent a few extra days debating a 1,600 page $1.1 trillion dollar spending bill:
I had a chance to discuss yesterday's vote on the #CRomnibus with Shannon Bream earlier today. I think the American people deserved to have us take a vote to signal how we feel about the president's executive amnesty. I hope there will be other votes moving forward in which we will have the opportunity to exercise the power of the legislative branch to signal our disapproval of what the president did.
Since last night when the #CRomnibus was taken up in the House of Representatives, supporters of this bill have couched their support in the language of compromise. “This isn’t a perfect bill,” they say.  But on the contrary, it is perfect. As a representation of everything wrong with Washington, D.C,  and as an example of exactly the kind of unfair, unrepresentative legislating that triggered successive electoral waves of bipartisan condemnation in 2006, 2008, 2010, and again in 2014 – the CRomnibus is perfect.  Nor do members of my party have the luxury today of blaming this latest failure on the outgoing Senate majority. No. This one is on us.  Americans just last month thought they went to the polls and voted for change to stop this kind of thing – unread, thousand-page bills written in secret, filled with hidden favors for special interests while funding the lawlessness of an out-of-control president.  Americans looking for that change won’t find it in this bill.
I am planning to vote against the 2015 NDAA.  As the title suggests, the National Defense Authorization Act is supposed to be a relatively straightforward, largely noncontroversial bill. It is the primary legislative instrument for Congress to exercise its constitutional power – granted in Article I, Section 8 – to “provide for the common Defence.”  This bill – the NDAA for fiscal year 2015 – is a legislative hodgepodge that includes those straightforward, noncontroversial items that almost all of us support, but also numerous other provisions that are unrelated to national defense.  Most egregiously, the drafters secretly added 68 unrelated bills pertaining to the use of federal lands – the so-called “lands package” – into this bill without any opportunity for debate or a vote.  None of these bills were included in the version of the NDAA that the Senate Armed Services Committee debated and voted on in May of this year... because, had any member tried to include them in the normal process, they clearly would have been ruled out of the committee’s jurisdiction.  Another outlier in this legislative grab bag is a provision reauthorizing a Defense Department program to train and equip “moderate” Syrian rebels for the next two years.  Now, we have testimony from some of America’s top military leaders warning us of the immense risks involved with this program. They have told us that there is no way to guarantee that these efforts won’t backfire, further embroiling the United States military in volatile and unpredictable Middle East conflicts.  Yet here we are, forced to reauthorize this risky program in order to provide for our troops and the Defense Department.  We can do better. The American people – and especially those serving in uniform – deserve better. And as we saw in the recent elections, the American people demand that we do better.
I will be holding a tele-townhall tonight.  You can find links to participate here:
From Utah Politico Hub:   "With a rule that ignores the geography of the Intermountain West, the EPA seems to be ignoring common sense, science and a willingness to work with the states to account for their unique issues. Instead, mountainous states of the west face the very real possibility that they may be penalized for failure to comply with impossible standards. What exactly that penalty might be is unclear: the EPA hasn’t stated a specific penalty and it’s uncertain what penalties the EPA could legally apply."  Should states like Utah be forced by the EPA to lower ozone levels below the naturally occurring level?
What do you think about attaching dozens of unrelated lands bills to the National Defense Authorization Act during a lame duck session of Congress?
I appreciate all the hard work done by my interns. You can learn more about becoming an intern for my office at lee.senate.gov.
"The first step should be to send over the right bill, with the right policy, and give Senate Democrats and the President an opportunity to weigh in and be put on the record." #ExecutiveAmnesty
Today the national debt rose above $18 trillion dollars.  In the op-ed I wrote a few weeks ago, I shared what I think Republicans need to do to restore a budgeting process that will draw on our consensus principles to avoid the fiscal avalanche that is coming if we don't change course.
I would like to thank everyone who submitted photos to my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  This is now the first thing I see when I step out of my office in DC.  I am grateful for the service and sacrifice of our veterans and their families, and I look forward to sharing this display with those who visit my office.
Lame duck sessions of Congress create a dangerous environment for bad legislation to be passed.  For this reason, I will fight to consider only legislation that has gone through a full process that is open and transparent to the American poeple.
Much to be thankful for today - freedom, family, friends, and yes, good food too.  Gratitude is an empowering and inspiring virtue.  The absence of gratitude has cost many a man, community and country the things that matter most.  Gratitude lifts us all to higher ground and brings out the best within us.  Have a wonderful day of thanksgiving.
In a desperate attempt to remain relevant, the President has decided to defy the American people, ignore the election results, and usurp the legislative process.  This act demonstrates he respects neither election outcomes, nor the rule of law.  It will make the humanitarian crisis at the border worse, and could potentially create a constitutional crisis within our republic. Congress must respond to restore the proper checks and balances to our constitutional order, and it must do so quickly and forcefully.  I hope and expect there are a number of Democrats who are tired of being asked to protect the President, often at great political cost.  It’s time for them to stand with the American people.
I appreciated being able to participate in this immigration roundtable with business leaders and community leaders in Utah.  Republicans are ready to move forward to correct what is broken in our immigration system through a process that respects the rule of law.
In 2013, the country learned that the government, specifically the National Security Agency, had been collecting and storing enormous amounts of information about American citizens, and that the data collection was not limited to those suspected of terrorist activity.  Many were very concerned about how much and what kind of data was being collected and whether or not the information could be or had been abused by government officials.    Today, proponents of the metadata program claim that it cannot be used to identify ordinary Americans.  But earlier this year, researchers at Stanford University proved that the type of metadata collected under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act could be used to uncover a lot of information, including a person’s politics, what medications you’re on, where you go to church, and more.   This USA Freedom Act is bipartisan legislation that ends bulk collection of metadata by the NSA, and helps address the problem of the American government spying on its citizens without cause.  It also improves transparency for the data NSA collects.  It has the support of the intelligence community, the Department of Justice, civil liberties groups, the National Rifle Association, and tech companies.   Opponents say it will impair our national security.  They say this bill will keep our intelligence community from protecting us.    What opponents of this bill fail to appreciate is that most Americans are deeply concerned about the collection of their personal information, and this bill is an opportunity to strike a good balance between protecting Americans' privacy and our national security.    While I believe there are very good people working in our intelligence community, I think we should heed James Madison’s warning against giving unchecked power to men in Federalist 51: “If men were angels, no government would be necessary.  If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary.  If framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.”   I am disappointed that the Senate voted against addressing this issue now.  The provision of the PATRIOT Act authorizing this kind of data collection expires just after Memorial Day next year, and it’s important to adopt a compromise well ahead of this deadline that all interested parties can accept.
Congress is going to stand up to the president, and the American people expect us to do that. Seventy four percent of those who voted in last week's election oppose unilateral executive amnesty by the president. I think even if he doesn't respect elections, he at least needs to respect the rule of law.  I discussed this an other topics with Bob Schieffer this morning on Face The Nation.
We should throw open the doors of Congress, and restore genuine representative democracy to the American republic. No more ‘cliff’ crises.  No more secret negotiations.  No more take-it-or-leave-it deadline deals.  No more passing bills without reading them.  No more procedural manipulation to block debate and compromise.  These are the abuses that have created today’s status quo—the status quo Republicans have been hired to correct.
You can still join my tele-townhall.  It is streaming now:
My tele-townhall is happening now.  Click here to participate on Facebook: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Jonathan Gruber, one of the architects of #Obamacare, said lack of transparency, is a huge political advantage.  This is exactly the kind of thing we need to change in Washington. Obamacare was passed without anybody reading it, and sadly, this sort of thing is far more common than it should be. The very first thing we need to do is restore the trust of the American people by having an open process where members of both parties get to produce amendments and have those amendments discussed, debated and voted upon.  Restoring this process is one of the reasons why I'm looking forward to a change in leadership in the Senate next year.
There is still time to sign up for tonight's tele-townhall. There have been many recent developments that I am looking forward to discussing with you. I am also looking forward to discussing my plan to fix Congress with Republicans in control of the Senate. The event starts at 7:00 p.m. MT, and you can sign up here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
I want to find out where Loretta Lynch stands in whether she believes the president may extend amnesty to illegal immigrants in violation of the law.  I do not believe the president has this authority, and if she believes he has this power, I would like to see the legal theory she uses to come to this conclusion.   What do you think the Senate needs to learn about Loretta Lynch before she is confirmed to replace Eric Holder as the next attorney general?
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Tim Hallows. Pictured in this photo is his father, Brice Hallows. Brice is from Aurora, Sevier Co. Utah and was drafted into military service January 3, 1945.  Brice completed basic training and Marine training at Camp Joseph H. Pendleton at Ocean Side, California.  His group boarded a troop transport ship (U.S.S. Admiral C.F. Hughes) heading for the island of Guam in the Mariana Island group.  After a brief tour on Guam he boarded another ship sailing to Okinawa, the largest island in the Ryukyu chain.  On Okinawa Brice was exposed to constant rifle fire, large artillery embattlements, explosions and fighter planes over head.  He dug many fox-holes for survival and protection, strung wires for field communications, blasted caves, carried out wounded men, had his rifle shot from his hands, and participated in the largest amphibious assault in WWII history on the Ryukyu Peninsula, for which his regiment received the Presidential Unit Citation with Battle Star.
During the last few weeks I have been collecting photos and stories of Utah veterans.  I have already shared many of these photos on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter.  This album is a collection of submissions that I haven't shared yet.  As you look through this album, you will meet many of the brave Utahns who have made great sacrifices defending our country through several generations.  I would like to thank everyone who shared a submission to my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  I know that countless Americans have been inspired by your photos and stories.  We are working on a physical display in my DC office that will highlight all of these submissions, and I look forward to sharing this display when it is ready.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Bret and Teresa Gledhill. The photo was submitted with this caption: "David Eames Gledhill was 17 years old when he joined the Navy.  He went to Camp Pendleton in San Diego for boot camp.  He was eventually assigned to a ship headed to Guam.  While on Guam, David spent about a month clearing a section of jungle.  He was then assigned to the USS Black, a destroyer.  The ship sailed all over the Pacific, landing in many places, including China and  Japan.  David served about a year at sea, eventually arriving back in San Diego where the USS Black was decommissioned and he was discharged." I am deeply grateful for David's service to our great nation and for his inspiring story.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Pete Gordon from St. George, Utah. The photo was taken at the Veterans Memorial Park in Boulder City, NV. Pete submitted the photo with this caption: "It was quite by accident that this photo was taken. I was paying attention to the Flag and the sunset and did not realize that I had captured the family walking toward the base of the flagpole. The photograph captured the silhouettes of a toddler, the mother and an unborn child of an American serviceman who was overseas serving this great land. With Americans like this, is there any doubt we live in the greatest country on earth? I am humbled every time I view it."
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by a proud mom and Utahn, Roxann Malarsie. This is a photo of her son, Michael Malarsie of South Jordan, Utah. The photo was submitted with this caption: "Michael was blinded by an IED in Afghanistan in 2010. Four servicemen lost their lives in that same attack. When Michael learned of their deaths, he committed to honor their sacrifice by living a life of purpose and gratitude. Michael was blessed to receive a guide dog, Xxon, from Fidelco, a non-profit company in Connecticut and now travels nationwide on his own with confidence. Since being retired from the Air Force, Michael continues serving by working with Fidelco raising funds to provide other blind veterans with canine companions to enrich their lives. He hosts an internet podcast, How To Be Blind, discussing various topics of interest to blind and sighted listeners."
"Higher education reform offers a huge opportunity for Republicans. It is an arena in which misguided federal policy causes many families great anxiety and exacts enormous costs — and where conservative principles put into practice could make for great improvements."
Here is a photo of Boyd Dee Smith and his Wife "Iggy,” submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Tim Smith. The photo was submitted with this caption: “My father’s brother, Boyd Dee Smith, went to sea on the USS Dorado, as a Radio Technician.  The Dorado, we believe, was sunk by friendly fire off the coast of Florida.  The USS Dorado has not been found to this day.”
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Sherry Burton. This is a photo of her husband, Ralph Burton, while serving in Vietnam. The photo was submitted with this caption: "My husband Ralph Burton served in the Army from 1966-68.  He was in Vietnam as a convoy driver at a helicopter air base on a 13 month tour which included the 68 Tet Offensive where he spent two weeks in a bunker." Thank you for your service and for fighting to protect our great country.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Utah resident Brent H. Laurence. Brent is a retired US Army Colonel. He served two tours in Vietnam and in Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm. I am deeply grateful for his service to our great country in the US Army.
We need to make sure the president doesn't lead us from behind into a constitutional crisis.  Republicans need to be prepared to exercise the power of the purse to prevent #ExecutiveAmnesty.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Shirley Coyne. This is a photo of her husband, Spec. 5 William J. Coyne. Shirley submitted the photo with this caption: "My husband immigrated to this country from Great Britain with his family in 1963, he was fifteen years old. Bill loves the United States and feels a deep sense of loyalty to it. He enlisted during the Vietnam Era conflict even though he wasn¹t a citizen of the United States. In Vietnam (1968 - 69) he was stationed with the Army Corp of engineers doing land clearing so the infantry could do their jobs. He also built floating bridges and was shot at many times as he sat in the open cab of a crane doing vital work to get the supplies line reopened. Death was all around him and his best friend was severely wounded. This picture shows that he was able to become a naturalized citizen and he was very proud of that."
"This seems like just the right way to think about the opportunities and the challenges Republicans will have in the wake of this election." #AmericaSpoke
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Jayrene B. Nielsen. This is a photo of her father Willard J. Barney. He served in the Army in World War II. I am deeply grateful for heroes like Willard who have selflessly served this great country.
As a frequent critic of my party’s strategic timidity—and as incoming chairman of the Senate Steering Committee, whose job it is encourage bolder thinking and action—I thought it incumbent on me to offer some concrete, early, and hopefully constructive suggestions about how the new Republican Congress might be steered toward unity and success.  As the reader will see, the ideas below are not really policy goals. (I have my own ideas about what our party’s reform agenda ought to be, and I will spend most of the next two years advocating them.)  Rather, these are five suggestions to my Republican colleagues to help repair the dysfunctional legislative branch we have inherited, rebuild Congress’s reputation among the American people, and by extension slowly restore the public’s confidence in the Republican Party.   What do you think Republicans should prioritize in Congress? #AmericaSpoke
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by US Navy veteran Bruce Carter Hiatt. Bruce served in the United States Navy for 20 years from 1955 until 1975, and during the Vietnam Conflict. He served as Leading Quartermaster and Pilot Navigator on board the USS Bennewah (APB 35) as the Flag Ship of TF 117 in the Mekong Delta.
The health of our republic depends on an active citizenry that participates in the political process.  I hope you all find time to vote in today's election and make your voice heard.
This is Wayne Harvey Bennion with his future wife Reva. He was attending Utah State when WWII broke out and he was drafted.  During his physical they said that he had bow legs and couldn't serve in the infantry so they put him in the medical corps.  He was in California for part of the war working in an office processing wounded soldiers coming home and then he was transferred to Georgia.  He met Reva in Georgia where he finished out his service. #honorutahveterans
A good analysis of the conservative reform agenda by Holly Richardson:
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Lisa Cannon-Albright. The photo was submitted with this caption:  My Dad, Lt. Col. J. Parry Cannon joined the Army during WWII and served 25 years in Italy, Germany, Korea, Thailand and in the US. My Mother, Shirley Howard Cannon served with him all those years and raised 3 children. They are shown here in Germany. My brother continues our family's service in NCIS, his son is a Lt. in the Army. My father died (30 years later) from Hep C that he contracted from a MASH blood transfusion after injury in Korea. He gave his life for our great country and inspired a life of service in all of his descendants
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Robert Sarlo. Robert served in the Vietman War. He is 18 years old in this photo in Kon Tum, Province. I am deeply grateful for Robert's service and for the service of all of our veterans. Dated: 1968, Vietnam.
I am collecting photos of Utah veterans to display in my office for veterans day.  You can see many of the great submissions I have received so far by looking up #honorutahveterans on Facebook or Instagram.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Dave Christensen. Pictured here are the Utah Honor Flight World War II veterans folding a flag which was flown over Ft. McHenry in Baltimore, Maryland. Thank you for your loyalty and selfless service to our great country.
This photo was submitted to my #honorutahveterans gallery by Clifford Eike.  The picture was submitted with this caption: “America’s crack Armored Division along with our Infantry are the ones who got here just a little too late to prevent this from happening. This is only a few of the victims.” Dated: Ohrdruf, Germany – April 8, 1945
"For too long – at least since the presidency of Ronald Reagan – conservatives have failed to make our case to young people. We have failed to explain how the conservative view of politics is truly distinct from – and superior to – the progressive view.  "The most important disagreements between conservatives and progressives today are often over the biggest things: our conception of justice and the common good, our understanding of the good life and human flourishing.  "But I think the most clarifying way to bring out these differences between the Right and the Left is to compare the visions of American life underlying our immediate political and policy agendas.  "These visions represent the basis for how each side understands the present and what they hope for in the future... they inform how we diagnose a problem and they shape the solutions we propose.   "One of the clearest and most revealing illustrations of the progressive vision of American society that I have ever come across was the Obama campaign’s web slideshow from the summer of 2012 called 'Life of Julia.'  "Anyone remember it? For those fortunate enough to have avoided it, the 'Life of Julia' was a series of animated slides telling the story of a fictional woman who was meant to represent the average American woman. Viewers could scroll through the slides and see how, at every stage of life from age 3 to 67, Julia was not just enriched – but fulfilled – by a federal government program.  "When I saw it, I wasn’t sure if I should laugh or cry... I think I did both."  You can read the rest of the speech that I delivered last night to the students at Hillsdale College here:
From my speech today at Hillsdale College: "Americans are moving in a direction of greater individual and community empowerment – while public policy is moving in the opposite direction, toward consolidation and centralization. It’s going to be up to America’s next generation to decide which way we go.   "So the answer to the first question – why should young people care about politics – is, on a certain level, pretty straightforward: politics matters because it will in many ways define the world you inherit and set the parameters of the good you can do in it."
I will be speaking to the students at Hillsdale College tonight at around 8:00 p.m. ET.  You can watch the video stream of the speech here.
This is 1st Lieutenant Lynn Taylor, who has defended our country piloting the A-10 Thunderbolt II.  This picture was taken before his first training flight to drop his first live 500 lb. bombs. #honorutahveterans
A great op-ed that mentions the Transportation Empowerment Act:   "All 50 states have Departments of Transportation. More than 70% of all transportation spending in this country is already financed and spent at the state and local level. Each state has very specific infrastructure needs, and those needs are most effectively addressed at the local level, where those making the decisions are held most accountable by the taxpayers.  "The federal gas tax is just another layer of taxation that finances another layer of unnecessary bureaucracy. When the money is sent to Washington, the politicians spend it and then borrow even more."
This is Gsgt. Richard J. Muhlbach USMC. He passed away on January 25, 1989 from complications of mesothelioma. He served 23 years active service in The Corps and several more in the reserves. His family and his country are very proud of him. #honorutahveterans
I had a great meeting with many members of the Utah legislature today.  I try to meet with them on a regular basis to find ways that we can work together to solve problems facing Utahns.  Many proposals I have recently introduced focus on decreasing Washington's power and increasing the role of the states.
Operating in the vital space between the isolated individual and the oppressive state, the free market and civil society are where ordinary Americans come together to meet each other’s needs, improve each other’s lives, and meet common challenges... as husbands and wives; parents and children; teachers and students; neighbors and neighborhoods; volunteers and congregations; bosses and employees; businesses and customers; clubs, teams, and associations.  Government’s job isn’t to create this space or replace the service-based institutions within it. Government’s job is to protect this space, and ensure that everyone has equal access to the networks of opportunity that thrive there.   So restoring equal opportunity in America is about restoring equal access to the institutions of our free-enterprise economy and voluntary civil society for all the individuals and communities from whom it has been unfairly taken.   This must begin with the first and most important community of them all: the family.
I would like to thank John P Kolb, jr. for his service in the USMC.  #honorutahveterans
Even though I won't be live-streaming my tele-townhall tonight, you can still sign up to participate over the phone by clicking the attached link.  I am looking forward to a great discussion.
In 1861, Abraham Lincoln told Congress that the “leading object” of American government was:   “to elevate the condition of men – to lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the paths of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a fair chance, in the race of life.”  In a single sentence, Lincoln explains precisely what poverty is, and what government ought to do about it.  As Lincoln knew first hand, true poverty was, for most people, not an absence of money, but an absence of opportunity – a lack of access to those social and economic networks where human opportunities are created.
This is Wesley Craig, who proudly served in the Navy during WWII and the Coast Guard in the Korean War. #honorutahveterans
Today I joined a group of 13 Republican senators in urging House Speaker John Boehner to protect Congress’ power of the purse and prohibit the Obama administration from dispersing unlawful risk corridor payments that expose taxpayers to an #ObamaCare bailout.
This is a picture of Brent Glines as a proud 2nd Lieutenant upon finishing initial F-4 training at Homestead AFB, Florida around 1978.  36 years later, He is still in the Air Force, although He is no longer in the cockpit.  He is currently a civil service software engineer at Hill AFB, developing F-16 software.  He will retire in December, 43 years after He first enlisted in the USAF in 1971. #honorutahveterans
Despite trillions of taxpayer dollars spent to eradicate poverty since the late 1960s, the poverty rate across the country has hardly budged. And nearly every strategy we have employed in this “war on poverty” – dealing with everything from health care to criminal justice – has failed to achieve genuine change in our most vulnerable communities.  In that same time, participation in civil society, marriage, and religion have deteriorated in poor neighborhoods – compounding economic hardship with social isolation.  All of this might lead some to the depressing conclusion that America’s war on poverty has failed. But the evidence proves nothing of the sort.   On the contrary, I believe the American people are poised to launch a new, bold, and heroic offensive in the war on poverty… if conservatives summon the courage to lead it.
Do you agree or disagree with the author of this article?  "This way of thinking about things is especially effective now, I think, because our public institutions and programs, in some cases designed before the middle part of the last century, are badly outdated and desperately in need of reform; because modern-day liberalism is sclerotic and reactionary, in the sense that “progressives” fiercely oppose adjustments to our entitlement programs, education system, tax code, energy policies, and much else; and because advocating reform allows conservatives to be agents of change, modern, responsive, and serious about governing.  "We’re seeing a collapse of confidence in the federal government; Americans understand it’s not aligned with reality (including demographic trends, advances in technology, and globalization) or our contemporary needs. Which means conservatives have an opportunity to reconceive the role of government in the 21st century, to do so in bold (but not radical) ways, and do it in a way that is a little less theoretical and a lot more practical, by which I mean showing how conservative policies are going to improve, on a daily basis, the lives of middle-class Americans." 
Another group of Utah veterans visited DC on an #honorflight this week.  Members of my staff went to welcome the group to our nation's capital.  I am confident that this group of WWII veterans had a memorable experience visiting the memorial built to honor their service.  #honorutahveterans
I have introduced the Higher Education Reform and Opportunity Act to enable states to create their own accreditation systems that will compete against the rigid system we have now.  This flexibility and competition will create an environment that will make it easier and more affordable for good teachers to teach, willing students to learn, the economy to grow, and civil society to flourish.  How would you improve our higher education system?
Here is another submission for my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  This is Doug Williams, Msgt. USAF.  He served for 31 years.  This picture was taken years ago during a training exercise in the Wendover desert.
Another example of why Congress shouldn't delegate its lawmaking authority to the executive branch.  I highly doubt you could ever get enough legislators who must actually face voters in an election to vote in favor of a rule like this.
I am grateful for the service of Lt. Carl Buckendahl.  He gave his life defending our freedom on Feb.12, 1944 in a battle at the Saar.  He received a Purple Heart, a Bronze Star, and a Silver Star. I would like to thank his daughter for submitting his picture to my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.
This article contains some good analysis of the tax reform plan that Senator Marco Rubio and I have proposed.  Why do you think our tax code needs to be reformed?
This is one of the first entries for my #honorutahveterans photo gallery.  This was shared by Maj Terry "Rowdy" Richards, who proudly served in the USAF.  He is the pilot flying the F-16 in the rear in this picture.  You can learn more about submitting your own photo by visiting lee.senate.gov @usaf_pics
This is an op-ed that I wrote with Senator Marco Rubio that was published in the The Wall Street Journal today.  Perhaps no function of the U.S. government is more antiquated and dysfunctional than its tax system, so we are joining together to propose a federal tax-reform plan that will remove obstacles to investment, innovation, growth and opportunity.  The current tax code taxes too much, taxes unfairly, and conspires with our outmoded welfare system to trap poor families in poverty, rather than facilitate their climb into the middle class. Our reforms seek to simplify the structure and lower rates. How? By consolidating the many existing income tax brackets into two simple brackets—15% and 35%—and eliminating or reforming deductions, especially those that disproportionately benefit the privileged few at everyone else's expense.  In addition, our plan would eliminate the well-known marriage penalty, which imposes higher taxes on married couples than if they had filed individually. It would also take aim at another pernicious distortion—the parent tax penalty—that is more prevalent, if less understood, even by its victims.
Utah is home to over 150,000 veterans.  While each veteran has their own unique experience in serving our country, our appreciation for their service is universal.  As we approach Veterans Day on November 11, I am creating a photo gallery display in my Senate office memorializing the service of Utah’s veterans.  If you are one of the brave Americans who has served or is serving, or if you are the friend or family member of a veteran - you are invited to share a photograph on Instagram under #HonorUtahVeterans that captures their commitment to country and their willingness to sacrifice. (Photos may be historical from their period of active duty or a present day picture showcasing their spirit, pride, honor and legacy.)  Please help me remember and honor those who have stood tall for freedom and inspire the next generation of Americans to do the same.  For more information, click here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/utvetmil
Yesterday I voted against the Continuing Resolution that is a product of a dysfunctional law-making process.  One of the most important and solemn duties we have as members of Congress is to authorize the use of military force and ask the brave men and women in our armed services to put their lives in harm’s way.  It is a gross dereliction of that duty – and an insult to those men and women – to tack on a military authorization to a must-pass spending bill, just so members of Congress can hurry back home.  If the United States is going to escalate our involvement in a brutal conflict overseas, if we are going to send American troops to arm and train Syrian rebels for their fight against ISIS, we need to debate that decision on its own merits, not as a condition of funding the government. This is the only way for this issue to receive the careful attention and robust debate that it deserves.  I asked the Senate to debate this measure separately from the CR, and my request was denied.
As recently as fiscal year 2006, Congress passed eleven free-standing appropriations bills. That’s more than Congress has passed for all fiscal years since then, combined.  The power of the purse is a power that belongs to the American people to be exercised by their elected representatives.  Why do you think that since 2007 Senate Democrats have chosen to forfeit this power instead of exercise it?
At some point today or tomorrow the Senate will hastily consider and likely pass a massive, hodgepodge spending bill to fund every last department and program within the federal government.  We will fund even those programs we know don’t work. The alternative is to deny funding for every last department and program within the federal government - even those we know are essential.  All or nothing: these are our only options. Government on autopilot or government without an engine.  When forced to vote for or against an all-or-nothing spending package, Congress has essentially no opportunity to exercise its power of the purse.  In the CR we will vote on today, there are several provisions that deserve their own consideration and debate.  Examples include reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, extending the Internet Tax Freedom Act, and authorizing military action in Syria. None of these measures – and certainly not something that could put American lives at risk – should be hurried through on an all-or-nothing vote.
This week I was honored to be selected by my colleagues as the next Chairman of the Senate Steering Committee.  The Committee is essential in ensuring Republicans remain dedicated to growing the economy, protecting individual liberty, maintaining a robust national defense, and protecting the space for institutions of civil society to grow and flourish.  As Chairman, I will work to develop, promote, and build consensus around policy solutions based on fundamental conservative principles.   Over the past year, I have introduced a series of reforms aimed at alleviating the economic concerns of working families.  These proposals – collectively called the Conservative Reform Agenda – are focused on improving economic mobility, strengthening middle-class security, and eliminating cronyist protection at the top of our economy.  For each issue I follow what I like to call the “Utah Model” – a way of approaching problem solving that maximizes freedom, fosters community, and delivers results. As your representative, I see this as a unique opportunity for Utah to play a major role in the future prosperity and security of our nation and I look forward to hearing from Utahns about their ideas to fix the problems we face. I am excited to take on this challenge and am incredibly grateful for the support of my colleagues in the Senate.
Americans are sending a consistent message to those who want to regulate the internet: Don't break the Internet! #DontBreakTheNet
I will be giving away a special something for those who come by my office today at 3:30 for Jell-O with the Senator.  Happy Constitution Day!
If you missed the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing today about the president's strategy for dealing with ISIS by arming Syrian rebels, this clip contains many of the important highlights: 
I have had concerns for the past year with the proposed tactic of arming Syrian rebels after hearing testimony from our own Intelligence and Defense leaders that what we refer to as the "moderate rebels" are fragmented, decentralized, lacking in common goals or leadership, and their memberships are fluid.  President Obama hardly a month ago called the idea of arming Syrian rebels "a fantasy" that was "never in the cards".   Now he is seeking authorization to arm them.  When asked about the President's comments, Secretary Hagel did not have an explanation of what had changed about these rebels in the past month for President Obama to completely change his mind on the issue of arming them.
According to the CBO, prison sentencing reform would reduce prison costs by over $4 billion. The targeted changes that Senator Dick Durbin and I have proposed to our harsh mandatory minimum sentencing laws will strengthen our country by reuniting nonviolent drug offenders who have paid their debt to society more quickly with their families, and the CBO report shows that doing so will cost us less in the long run.
Watching the Senate debate on SJ Res 19 this week has been a useful lesson.  Senate Democrats say Congress can be trusted somehow to impose "reasonable" limits and restrictions on political debate and core political activity.  Look no further than this debate occurring on the floor of the Senate to see what the majority thinks reasonable debate looks like.  What it looks like here is a "take it or leave it" vote with no opportunity to provide amendments, no opportunity to for discussion about the intricate details of the proposal, and very, very little discussion.
During a town hall I recently held in Draper, a woman who had lost dear ones in the September 11 attacks asked me what steps we can be taking to protect ourselves from future attacks in a world where such threats continue to lurk.  Her question has stuck with me, and like all Americans, I continue to mourn the loss of family, friends, and fellow citizens that resulted from those attacks.  I also committed to her that I would do what I can to ensure that our federal government can aggressively fulfill its constitutional obligation to protect us from threats to our national security in a way that doesn’t also threaten our rights and freedoms. #September11th should always be a day when we both remember those we tragically lost and reaffirm our resolve to keep America free and strong.
My tele-townhall is happening now.  You can join us here: 
Just a reminder - my September tele-townhall will start in about 15 minutes.  You can join the event here: 
Earlier this year, during hearings of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I had the chance to ask CENTCOM Commander General Lloyd Austin and the Director of National Intelligence James Clapper about the risks of arming and assisting rebel groups in Syria.  Their responses were very troubling.  As the president shares his plan for how to address national security threats in the Middle East, I hope to find his plan takes into account the concerns raised by these high-ranking officials.
During the series of town halls I held in August, many of you had questions about how our country should respond to growing threats abroad.  Many Utahns were concerned about the rise of ISIS in Iraq and Syria and Russian aggression towards Ukraine.  I responded to these concerns by asserting that as Commander in Chief, the president has the responsibility to come before Congress and the American people to present his strategy for dealing with foreign threats to our national security.  Tonight, President Obama is delivering a speech about his strategy for dealing with the turmoil in Iraq and Syria as a result of the growing power of ISIS.  His speech is scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m. MT, and this was the time that I was planning on holding my tele-townhall tonight.  Out of respect to the office of the presidency, I am planning to postpone tonight's tele-townhall by thrity minutes.  The event will now be held at 7:30 p.m. MT.  I look forward to discussing the president's speech with you along with any other topics you would like to discuss.  Sign up to attend the tele-townhall by phone here: 
Our political system isn't perfect, but it does keep us free.  But it keeps us free only to the extent that individuals are allowed to speak their mind without fear of retribution from the government.  It keeps us free only to the extent that individuals rich and poor alike are able to say what they want and join together to form voluntary associations for the purpose of influencing the outcome of elections.
The House of Representatives has passed over 340 bills that are waiting on Senator Reid's desk to be voted on in the Senate. I participated in this press conference today to call for the Senate to vote on legislation that would strengthen our border and prevent executive amnesty.
The target of the Democrats' proposal to limit freedom of speech is America and the institutions of civil society.  According to the text of SJ Res 19, rich and powerful individuals will still be free to influence our government and elections.  Everyone else will be barred from coming together and pooling their resources for that very purpose.
Congress is at this very moment in a debate over the issue of expanding the DACA program. The House passed a bill limiting the program just before Congress left for the August break and it is now the Senate's turn to consider this legislation. By suggesting that he plans to move forward on executive amnesty after the election regardless of what happens in the Senate over the next month, the president is signaling to the country that debate doesn't matter, senators' votes don't matter, and, most alarmingly, the voices of the American people don't matter. It is an outrageous act that threatens the very foundations of our democracy. 
Come join this great crowd that showed up for my St. George town hall.  I shared a link where you can watch the live stream in a previous post on my Facebook page.
My St. George town hall is scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You can watch it here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/lee-tv-live
I ate breakfast with the local officials in Iron county, and I had lunch with local officials from Washington county.  I appreciated the chance to get feedback from them on the local issues they face.
I have been traveling across the state over the last two weeks holding town halls and meeting with as many Utahns as I can.  The final town hall of this stretch of meetings will be held in St. George tonight.  Here is the information if you would like to attend:
We have been asked for far too long as Americans just to accept the fact that government has changed, but I’m here to tell you that you don’t have to accept this. I feel as Americans we should expect more rather than less and I’m here to invite you to join in the cause for a good government.
My Ephraim town hall is streaming now.  You can watch it here:
My town hall in Ephraim will be starting in about 30 minutes.  Here is the information if you are in the area and would like to attend:
My Layton town hall meeting is starting in a few minutes.  You can watch the live stream here:
My town hall in Layton is starting in about an hour.  We will be focusing on the needs of Utah's veteran and military communities, but all are invited.
This morning I met with Steve Young, head of VA medical centers in UT, and Jon Skelly.  We discussed wait times in the facilities, new VA legislation, and what I can do to help Utah Veterans obtain quality health care.
My town hall in Layton tonight will focus on the needs of Utah's veterans and military community.  If you are unable to attend, you can use this form on my website to submit your feedback or questions: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/UTVETMIL
My next town hall will be in Layton on Tuesday night.  All are invited, and we will be focusing on the needs of Utah's veterans and military community.  I hope to see you there.
"Millions of Americans are out of work. Many are long-term unemployed. Yet today, 1 out of 3 jobs requires a government license — government permission just to work.  "And once you do have a job, there are thousands of pages of, 'Don’t do this. Not like that. That’s not approved."
This is a collection of pictures from my visit to Cache County on August 19, 2014.
These rules and regulations do not protect the American people from themselves, they prevent the American people from being themselves, and they prevent the economy from growing and innovating accordingly.
We will be live streaming my town hall in Draper tonight.  It is scheduled to start around 7:00 p.m. MT, and you can watch it online here:
But there is one statistic worth highlighting. To my mind it’s a key to thinking about solutions to our regulatory problems.  The figure is: 51-to-1. This is the ratio of regulations issued by bureaucrats to laws passed by Congress in 2013.  A lot of people say the explosion of the regulatory state is a usurpation of congressional authority. But it’s more like subcontracting. Congress has given the executive branch this authority for its own convenience.  We get to pass laws and boast that they “did something.” But then if it doesn’t work out, we can join the public in outrage against those incompetent bureaucrats who messed up.   Seen in this light, helicopter government is actually a win-win for Congress: all credit, and no blame. After all, as legal scholar John Hart Ely put it, "Accountability is pretty frightening stuff." 
Tom Coburn was the keynote speaker at the Solutions Summit that I am hosting today with Gary R. Herbert and the Salt Lake Chamber.  He cited the study mentioned in this article:   "While the effectiveness of different rules can vary, this regulatory accumulation is hurting the U.S. economy. A study in the June issue of the "Journal of Economic Growth" – authored by John Dawson of Appalachian State University and John Seater of North Carolina State University – estimates that federal regulations have reduced economic growth by about 2 percent per year between 1949 and 2005. They find that if federal regulations were still at levels seen in the year 1949, current GDP would be $38.8 trillion higher."
"When you talk to people in the private sector – whether people in large corporations or very small businesses, non-profit groups, too – that word comes up again and again: stifling.  Government regulations have put up so many barriers that people today sometimes feel like they can hardly move.  And the effects on our nation are enormous. For instance, our economy is becoming less entrepreneurial. Business start-ups have been declining for years. This is dulling our economy’s competitive edge. That may be tolerable for some people fortunate enough to have already succeeded in life, but for young people just starting out, for poor families trying to work their way out of poverty, for middle class families facing increasing uncertainty... stagnancy is crippling." 
I am holding a town hall meeting in Draper tonight.  Here is the information if you would like to attend:
Today I am hosting the Utah Solutions Summit with @governorherbert and the Salt Lake Chamber to discuss how to alleviate the burden of growing government regulations.  Business owners from around the state have been invited to share their experiences with regulations, and we are looking forward to a great event. #SolutionsSummit #RegulationNation
NA
My live radio town hall with Rod Arquette is about to start.  You can tune in to 105.7 fm or 570 am to listen.  The event will run for the entire 5:00 hour. #utpol #utah
I will be participating in an town hall meeting with Rod Arquette and a studio audience during the 5:00 hour of his radio show.  You can listen here online or tune in to 105.7 KNRS.  I am looking forward to a good discussion.
We are about halfway through my Logan town hall.  You can watch it here: 
My Logan town hall meeting is scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you weren't able to make it tonight, you can watch the live stream here: 
Here's a final reminder for my Logan town hall tonight.  If you can't make this one, I have other town halls planned over the next several days.
NA
"The powers reserved to the several States will extend to all the objects which, in the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives, liberties, and properties of the people, and the internal order, improvement, and prosperity of the State. The operations of the federal government will be most extensive and important in times of war and danger; those of the State governments, in times of peace and security.”
A renewed commitment to reform can not only put America on the path to recovery, but reunite our nation after too many years of bitter division... and empower our people after too many years of falling behind.  A new generation of problems demands a new agenda of solutions: to answer Reagan’s challenge, and to once again remember America’s forgotten families.   
In addition to the live town halls I will be hosting throughout the state of Utah over the next few weeks, I will also be participating in a live radio town hall with Rod Arquette from 105.7 KNRS.  You can register for the event with the link below or tune in on August 20 @ 5:00-6:00 p.m. MT.
"Like Reagan’s, the agenda I am describing is based on something too often missing in our politics today: respect for the American people.  "As president, Ronald Reagan understood that the forgotten Americans were the people really in charge.  And they still are.  "The people – not billionaires on Wall Street - are the customers who decided which products and services and businesses would rise and fall.  "The people – not the activists and academics and celebrities – decide the values that guide our neighborhoods and define our culture.  "And Ronald Reagan was okay with that. He celebrated it.  "His agenda was designed to give ordinary Americans even more power to make those decisions. He respected them and trusted them, and thought the government should simply get out of the way.  He knew the answer was not to get America to trust Washington; it was to get Washington to trust America.  "Today, some see it as ironic that as Reagan decentralized power to a diverse, divided nation... we came back together. But it’s not ironic at all. It’s the tried-and-true genius of the American way of life that has sustained our exceptional republic for more than two centuries."
Today, I will deliver a speech at the Reagan Ranch to commemorate the 33rd anniversary of President Reagan signing into law one of his first major economic reforms, the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981.    While Reagan’s legacy may be best remembered by what he accomplished in office, such as passing the Recovery Act, it was in the years prior to becoming president where Regan built the foundation for his future policy successes.    Today’s conservatives should adopt this lesson from Reagan and develop a reform agenda based on conservative principles that addresses the most significant challenges facing America’s “forgotten families” today: immobility amongst the poor, insecurity in the middle-class, and cronyist protection at the top.  You can watch the speech in a few minutes here: 
Congressman Ron DeSantis and I wrote this op-ed to share the benefits of the HERO Act, which I have introduced in the Senate.  Rep. DeSantis has introduced this proposal in the house.    Instead of asking how Congress can help students pay off exorbitant loans, we should ask how Congress can reduce the cost of higher education so students won’t have to go so far in debt. 
The solutions to the immediate border crisis - and our longer-term immigration needs as well - begin with the president finally enforcing the law.   There is no amount of money Congress can spend... there is no new law that can solve this crisis if the president and the leadership of his party continue down their lawless path.
The Interstate Highway System is one of the great achievements not only in the history of the federal government, but in all of American history. It unified a sprawling, continental nation by investing in our common destiny. It simultaneously met the economic, social, cultural, and security needs of an emerging superpower. It was and remains a wonder of American innovation and self-government.  More than that, the Interstate Highway System was the daring, audacious work of a young nation, literally on the move, bristling with confidence in its future and its people. With the “Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956,” Congress threw off the yoke of the status quo and met the needs of a new generation.  Yet today, 58 years later, in a new century with new needs and new technologies and a new economy, Congress anxiously clings to that exact same policy like a tattered security blanket.  Six decades ago, federal highway policy represented a triumph of imagination. Today, our refusal to modernize that policy represents a failure of imagination.  So we’re here with the duct-tape and WD-40 trying to keep this 20th century bureaucracy in place rather than embracing the worthy challenge of building a new mobility policy for the 21st century.  That’s exactly what my amendment – the “Transportation Empowerment Act” – would do. 
My mobile office is visiting the veterans home in Ivins, UT today.  Come by if you are in the area to meet with my staff.
The protection of liberty afforded by the Fourth Amendment has only become more important as the government's ability to collect information has advanced.  I am the lead co-sponsor on the USA Freedom Act with Senator Patrick Leahy, which would limit the collection of bulk surveillance data of Americans by federal spy agencies.  I am optimistic that the Senate will vote on and pass this legislation sometime this fall.
My mobile office will be in Escalante, UT today.  If you are nearby, this would be a great opportunity to come meet with my staff: 
Congressman Paul Ryan gave a great speech at the American Enterprise Institute today on addressing our opportunity crisis.  He mentioned my proposal to reform higher education and my proposal for prison sentencing reform along with several interesting ideas of his own.  I welcome this debate on how conservative principles can be applied to solve some of the most pressing problems Americans face, and I plan to continue to be part of this dialogue.
This is the statue of Brigham Young, which is one of two statues from #Utah in the U.S. Capitol Building.  His statue was chosen to be displayed in part because of the role he played as he led the first Mormon pioneers across the plains to settle in the Salt Lake Valley.  Today Utahns celebrate the first arrival of this group of pioneers into the valley on July 24, 1847. #happypioneerday #thisistheplace
We honor best those pioneers who came before us by living our lives with excellence today.  Happy Pioneer Day, Utah!
The Highway Trust Fund in a nutshell: states send money to Washington DC, Washington takes its share (see graph which shows how much states get back from the Highway Trust Fund), then Washington sends money back to states with strings attached.  The Senate will vote on my Transportation Empowerment Act as an amendment to the bill to reauthorize the Highway Trust Fund.  My proposal will reduce the federal gas tax and give the states more power to fund, build and maintain roads.    The goal of this legislation is to increase America’s investment in infrastructure, by putting decisions in the hands of communities with the most to gain from better roads, highways, and transit, and by cutting out Washington’s middlemen. Under the current system, the federal Davis-Bacon Act adds an estimated 10% to the costs of federal construction projects, at a price of more than $10 billion per year. Federal environmental reviews are estimated to add an additional 8-10% to the cost and up to 8 years to the approval time for projects. My amendment will allow transportation dollars to be spent on steel and concrete, not bureaucrats and special interests, so Americans can get more roads and bridges for their buck.
Good news!  Senator Reid just announced that the Senate will vote on the Transportation Empowerment Act as 1 of 4 amendments to the Highway Trust Fund reauthorization bill: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=the-transportation-empowerment-act
Today’s ruling in Halbig v. Burwell is an important step for this case, which is probably headed to the Supreme Court.  Today the appeals court agreed with the plain language of the Affordable Care Act, which says that subsidies can only be offered in exchanges set up by the states, and that the Obama Administration’s IRS rule asserting otherwise was wrong.  Unsurprisingly, the Obama administration, one of the most lawless in American history, has already announced that it will ignore the ruling, so there will be little practical impact. But how this question is ultimately answered by the courts remains a critically important test not just for Obamacare, but for the future of the separation of powers and the rule of law.
My mobile office will be in Fillmore, Delta, and Richfield today.  My staff will be there to hear your feedback on important issues, answer your questions, and provide assistance if you need help working with federal agencies: 
This is the EPA's summary for this proposed rule: "After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC and Rapanos, the scope of 'waters of the US' protected under all CWA programs has been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty. The Act has a single definition for 'waters of the United States.' As a result, these decisions affect the geographic scope of all CWA programs. SWANCC and Rapanos did not invalidate the current regulatory definition of 'waters of the United States.' However, the decisions established important considerations for how those regulations should be interpreted, and experience implementing the regulations has identified several areas that could benefit from additional clarification through rulemaking. U.S. EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers are developing a proposed rule for determining whether a water is protected by the Clean Water Act. This rule would make clear which waterbodies are protected under the Clean Water Act."  It is worth noting that the Supreme Court limited the EPA's power in these decisions.  Because the agency's power isn't as broad as it had previously assumed, this limitation of its power has led to "considerable debate and uncertainty."  If the EPA believes it needs more clarification on how to implement its regulations, the EPA should seek this clarification through lawmaking by the elected representatives of the American people instead of through rulemaking by unelected bureaucrats.  The Supreme Court made it clear that Congress should clarify which waterbodies are protected under the Clean Water Act.  This is one of the many reasons the EPA needs to #DitchTheRule  You can leave your public comment on this regulation here: http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OW-2011-0880
An interesting development. Definitely worth sharing. #EndExIm
The recent attempt by Senate Democrats to restrict our First Amendment rights is disturbing on its face and raises questions as to where lines will be drawn.  The Democrats' proposed constitutional amendment is strikingly broad.  It would give Congress power to restrict the raising and spending of money in connection with any effort to influence the outcome of an election.  At the same time, the language of the proposed amendment provided that it would have no impact on the freedom of press.  Is it really an improvement to the Bill of Rights to single out one category of Americans -- those who own and operate media companies -- to enjoy the full protections of the First Amendment, while granting Congress broad discretion to restrict the rights of others?
The Davis-Bacon Act exemplifies how big government hurts the people it purports to help, gives unfair advantages to favored special interests, and squeezes the middle class. It crowds out low-skilled workers in the construction industry, preventing them from getting a fair shot at a job, and funnels taxpayer money to prop up big labor unions, which accrue windfall profits as Davis-Bacon removes the incentive for federal contractors to hire unskilled, non-unionized workers. I plan to offer this bill as an amendment to legislation that addresses the funding of our nation's highway and transportation systems.
This is the group of interns that has been working for my office in DC this summer. They have been a valuable resource to my office, and I hope they have enjoyed their experience.  If you, or someone you know, might be interested in an internship with my office, you can find more information on how to apply on my website: lee.senate.gov
Today the Senate is voting on the "Protect Women's Health from Corporate Interference Act." The most extraordinary feature of this bill is the incongruity between its title and its content.  The title—the “Protect Women’s Health from Corporate Interference Act”—is clear and straightforward. It suggests the bill is aimed at the important and worthy goal of protecting women’s health.  But the text of the legislation plainly demonstrates that the true objective of the bill is to circumscribe Americans’ religious liberties within the narrow confines of the Democratic Party’s partisan agenda and the whims of politicians and bureaucrats.  While maintaining the appearance of preserving all the current legal protections of religious freedom in America today, this proposal quietly adds to them a subtle, yet deeply problematic and inappropriate, qualification: the federal government will not prohibit the free exercise of religion…until the federal government decides it wants to.   Under this bill, your religious liberties stop at the doorstep of the Democratic National Committee.  The authors of this bill know all this. They know the American people reject their intolerance of diversity and indifference to the First Amendment. We know their bill cannot become law. Indeed, we know this for a fact, because if the regulations they support were actually written in the law, Obamacare itself never would have passed. It was slipped in after the fact, by bureaucrats not subject to public accountability.  This legislation is more than an insult to the people it would target; it is an embarrassment to the party leadership that has embraced it. #NotMyBossBusiness #HobbyLobby
This is one of the areas in my office where we are displaying the winners of the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest.  I would like to thank everyone who submitted their amazing pictures of #utah to the contest.  We have another set that is being printed, so if you were chosen as a winner and don't see your picture here, it will be featured in a future post. @utahgram
Share this if you agree:  "Instead of governing by emergency fiat and continually kicking the can down the road, conservative reformers have an opportunity to focus their colleagues and their constituents on a real solution — putting more of this authority in the hands of states and localities and actually reforming highway policy."
This is a pretty wide-ranging interview that dives into more than whether we should keep the Export-Import Bank.  You should check it out when you have a few minutes.
"Meanwhile, there is a reasonable argument for the federal government to get out of transportation infrastructure funding altogether. The states actually own and operate the sections of the national highway system within their borders, and states typically have a lot of leeway when deciding how to spend federal tax dollars used to fund highway projects. Conservative Republicans like Utah’s Mike Lee ask, why not just leave the responsibility for funding transportation systems with the states as well?"
Today in Judiciary Committee we voted on S.J. Res. 19: a constitutional amendment that would give Congress power to curtail Americans' First Amendment right to free speech.   It doesn’t take a complicated constitutional exposition to see what this proposed amendment is really about: power…giving it to sitting Members of Congress and taking it away from the American people, including, not coincidentally, any potential candidate that might like to challenge a sitting Member of Congress.  As we have seen in the unfolding scandal at the IRS, there is a permanent temptation facing those in power to muzzle dissent and a permanent inclination to deceive oneself into thinking that such a temptation does not exist.  This is precisely why we have a written Constitution that checks those in authority and prevents the kind of proposal I voted against today.
"Instead of scrambling to keep the love of Big Business, Republicans should accept Schumer’s framing: The Democrats are the party of Big Business and Big Government."
We're about halfway through tonight's tele-townhall.  You can join us here: http://vid1.teleforumonline.com/video/video.php?client=7907
My tele-townhall is starting now. You can join us here:
You are invited to attend my July tele-townhall tonight at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you click the link below, you can find more information on how to sign up if you haven't done so already.  You will also find a list of some of the notable issues that could be a topic of tonight's discussion.  I also look forward to having a dialogue about any of the other issues you would like to discuss.
As the president's go-it-alone immigration strategy spirals out of control, it is becoming increasingly clear that the only path for real immigration reform is a step-by-step process that starts with securing the border.  Once the government has regained the faith of the American people, Congress and the president should work together to modernize our visa system and reform legal immigration.   This is a process that will require several steps and a handful of different pieces of legislation in order to succeed.  The president's wish to have 100% of what he wants in a single comprehensive bill would make a bad process worse.  Choosing to ignore Congress altogether is turning a frustrating situation into an unmitigated disaster
For those of you in the Bear Lake area, my mobile office will be in Garden City today.  Come stop by and visit with members of my staff.  They would love to meet with you.
I enjoyed spending the morning celebrating Independence Day with my wife and daughter at Provo's Freedom Festival parade.
Happy Fourth of July!  "For those of us who are concerned about the perpetual dysfunction and unsustainability of today’s government, it’s important to remember that advocating for the revival of America’s founding principles does not mean that we should return to the government we had 200 years ago.   "Our founding principles are not an answer key, but a road map—an eternal reference point to guide us as we attempt to solve contemporary social problems. To fix our big, broken government, we must turn for guidance to these principles and figure out how to apply them to the great challenges of our generation.  "Rather than focus only on reducing the size of government, we need a comprehensive reform agenda to address the increasing immobility among the poor, insecurity in the middle class, and special-interest privilege among well-connected Washington insiders.  "An anti-poverty, upward mobility, and anti-cronyist agenda would replace our distant, unresponsive, bureaucratic government programs with policies that build on, rather than crowd out, the institutions that are best suited to solve our social problems: a free enterprise economy, voluntary civil society, and local and state governments.  "Guided by the wisdom of the Declaration, such an agenda would make government more accountable to the people and better able to fulfill its primary purpose of securing the rights of the citizens."
No regulation without representation! #DitchTheRule
West Point City is just one if the locations where you can visit my mobile office today in Davis county.  Visit lee.senate.gov to find the other locations.
Now the Left, they see Big Government’s consolidation and redistribution of economic opportunity as a feature, not a bug. Liberals have no problem privileging special interests, so long as they’re liberal special interests. And if and when it all blows up in their faces, they can always advocate… even bigger government.  This kind of corporatism, by which large, established players in government, industry, labor, and special interests work together to “manage” the economy, has always been part of progressive ideology. Herbert Croly, one of the intellectual founders of progressivism, put it bluntly over a century ago, when he wrote: “In economic warfare, the fighting can never be fair for long, and it is the business of the state to see that its own friends are victorious.” That’s how liberals today still think. #EndExIm
My mobile office will be making multiple visits in Davis County on Tuesday and Wednesday this week.  A visit to my mobile office is a great opportunity to meet with a member of my staff.  If you are needing help working with a federal agency, or if you just want to share your ideas you are welcome to come by and add your voice to the issues of the day.
Today's decision in Burwell v #HobbyLobby marks an important victory for religious liberty. Americans do not shed their religious freedoms merely by going into business.  The Court's ruling upholds and strengthens the rights of individuals and the rule of law, while protecting the Constitution.
"This is part of the whole theory of George Bush that he can make laws as he's going along.  I disagree with that.  I taught the Constitution for ten years.  I believe in the Constitution, and I will obey the Constitution of the United States [applause]" - Barack Obama in 2008
Not every case in which the president has exceeded his authority has made it all the way to the Supreme Court. The fact that his track record is as bad as it is in the Supreme Court is yet another indication of the fact that we’ve got a president who is playing fast and loose with the Constitution.
I just came out of the Supreme Court where the justices determined in a 9-0 decision that President Obama violated the Constitution when he made recess appointments when the Senate wasn't in recess.  Here is why this decision should be important to all Americans. #scotus
Today I introduced an amendment to the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act that would cut the Department of Labor Secretary's budget if the Department failed to produce and make public required evaluations of taxpayer-funded programs.  The amendment was defeated as it only received 40 votes.  I am disappointed that we couldn't pass this good governance measure to ensure that programs we fund actually work.
Today, in Riley v. California, the Supreme Court by a 9-0 vote ruled that police officers may not search the data on cell phones seized incident to an arrest.  While law enforcement officers may hold a phone seized at the time of arrest, they must get a warrant before accessing the content stored on the phone, including text messages, photos, and emails.   In the opinion, Chief Justice John Roberts noted that a 16-gigabyte cell phone can hold “millions of pages of text, thousands of pictures, or hundreds of videos,” and that such a large amount of data in such varied formats presents significant consequences for privacy.  These concerns are magnified in the context of the limitless storage capacity of email and cloud computing, an area where law enforcement is able to access content older than 180 days without a warrant.     I believe the Supreme Court’s unanimous decision demonstrates the shift in the expectations of privacy we have for our digital information.  This case underscores the need to extend similar protection to the information we store in our email and in the cloud.  The Leahy-Lee ECPA Amendments Act, S. 607, would require that the government get a warrant to access documents and content we store in the cloud and in our email accounts, eliminating the antiquated 180-day rule.
Is it truly an "all of the above" energy strategy when you complicate the process of energy resource development through permitting delays, regulatory uncertainty, and making it really difficult to build energy infrastructure like pipelines?
I hope these heroes enjoyed their #honorflight to DC. It was a pleasure to meet with this group of Utah WWII #veterans at the WWII memorial.
I am pleased that #SCOTUS has made clear that the EPA may not regulate all forms of greenhouse gas regulations.  Under this administration, the #EPA has consistently pushed the limits of its already broad powers.  The Court’s decision shows that the judiciary will impose at least some limitations on that power, but much remains to be done and Congress must continue to carefully oversee the executive branch’s use of regulatory power.
ECPA reform has majority support in the House.  The Senate version of this bill that I introduced with Senator Patrick Leahy has bipartisan support.  Over 100,000 of you signed the petition for the White House to indicate whether they support requiring law enforcement officials to get a warrant to read your email, and the White House hasn't responded yet.  They did, however, find time to respond to the petition about whether Justin Bieber should be deported.  Tech industry leaders support this reform.  When most Americans learn why this reform is needed, they are shocked to find out how far their privacy rights have eroded after decades of big government overreach.  Why do you think leaders in Congress and the president don't push for the passage of this reform that enjoys such wide support in Congress and among the American people?
Is it fair that salaried workers and government workers have the advantage of comp-time but hourly workers do not?  Should we be giving the government a competitive advantage in hiring?  I have introduced the Working Families Flexibility Act to level this playing field.  
"Twenty-one years after the completion of the interstate highway system, the special interests in both parties still believe we should continue running the transportation policy of all fifty states from Washington. Despite the fact that each state has a unique geography, topography, and population density, they must rely on K Street lobbyists for their transportation needs. Obviously, such an inefficient infrastructure policy has engendered so much waste that the politicians are always looking to increase taxes in order to keep up with the quicksand of federal transportation policy."
I delivered this speech today to outline the bigger picture of the conservative reform agenda.  I have noticed when I share information about specific proposals of this agenda, that many of you wonder why I am focusing on transportation funding, workplace flexibility, prison sentencing reform, and other issues, when our country is facing so many big challenges.  This speech is an answer to those concerns.  To fix our broken government it’s not enough simply to roll back ineffective policies that concentrate power in Washington—we must also roll out bold conservative reforms that empower the people closest to the problems to test and refine solutions that work best for their communities.
Here is more background on my amendment to bar the use of funding to implement, administer, or enforce the Obama administration’s proposed rule on Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing.  It is worth noting that Rep. Paul Gosar's amendment mentioned in this article passed, and I am hopeful that my amendment will be considered as the Senate debates the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill as well.
I joined a press conference today to talk about solutions the Senate could consider to help American families that are struggling in our sluggish economy.  I discussed the Working Families Flexibility Act, which would give employers the choice to offer comp time to employees that work overtime.  This bill has already been passed by the House of Representatives, and would be a great bill for the Senate to pass to give working American families more choices in how they choose to maintain work/life balance: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/working-family-flexibility
I am planning to offer an amendment to the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act that would block funding for a regulation that allows the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to dictate local zoning requirements in any community across the country.   If funded, the “Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing” rule would empower federal officials to assert the authority to force any community that receives a Community Development Block Grant to comply with zoning plans written in Washington.  This rule effectively allows HUD to carve up the country, block by block, according to its own priorities and preferences.
Local officials from Iron, Beaver, and Garfield counties stopped by my office today.  Rural counties with high levels of federal land ownership face serious challenges, and I appreciated the dialogue we had about the importance of local control in a wide range of issues facing their counties.  Many proposals in my conservative reform agenda aim to give power that has been concentrated in Washington back to state and local officials.  This group of officials is who I want solving problems for the citizens in Iron, Beaver, and Garfield counties.
Our criminal justice system has evolved to the point where its financial and social costs are too high to be sustainable.
More computer "glitches" from the Obama Administration.
The USA Freedom Act is a good step in the right direction to reverse some of the erosion of privacy rights that have experienced.
My tele-townhall is starting now.  You can join here: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Today, Rep. Rob Bishop cosponsored the House version of the HERO Act that was introduced in the House by Congressman Ron DeSantis.  I have sponsored this higher education reform legislation in the Senate, and I am encouraged to see momentum building behind the idea that we need to make higher education more affordable and accessible.  We can do this by shrinking the federal government's footprint in higher education and expanding the role of the states. #BankOnStudents #CollegeOpportunity
The toughest vote I'll cast today.  These are some of the pictures that my staff and I are voting on for the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest.  We are narrowing over 850 entries down to 28 to be displayed on the wall you see behind me.
I am looking forward to answering your questions in my next tele-townhall.  It will be on Wednesday, June 11, at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You can sign up here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
After attending the Senate Armed Services Committee briefing today on the Bowe Bergdahl trade, I still have serious questions about why the five released Taliban leaders were suddenly no longer considered dangerous.  I am also worried that their return to Afghanistan could result in undermining over a decade of American work in that country that cost the lives of thousands of our service members.  I will continue to push for answers to these questions and ensure that these decisions are being made more responsibly and with greater oversight.
Leaders in Washington have been discussing #CollegeOpportunity this week.  I would enjoy discussing the HERO Act, my proposal to make higher education more accessible and affordable, with you in my upcoming tele-townhall.  You can find a link to sign up for the event in my latest enewsletter:
This is a great article that discusses how land is managed differently in the West than it is in other parts of the country.  The author also points out how restrictive policies pioneered in the West can and will be used to erode the liberties of all Americans.
To maintain and upgrade our transportation infrastructure, we need every dollar to go as far as it possibly can.  For this reason, we should cut the federal gas tax and let states fill this role of building and maintaining the majority of our roads.
The president’s new #EPA regulations are just more crony capitalism - twisting government policy to transfer wealth and opportunity from working families and small businesses to well-connected corporations and special interests. These expensive new mandates will serve only to drive up the cost of basic necessities, like food and electricity, and create instability and vulnerability in our electric grid, while having little or no global environmental benefit.
Providing for the national defense is a power that rightly belongs with the federal government, and we as a nation need to come together to correct the shortcomings at the Department of Veterans Affairs.  In light of these shortcomings, I am hopeful that Congress will engage in a robust and open debate on how we can reform the system designed to take care of our veterans in a way that gives those who have fought on our behalf and their families the support they need.  I have already cosponsored a bill that was introduced by Senator Marco Rubio that would bring greater accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs, and I look forward finding other ways that I can add the voice of Utah's veterans to this debate.
We have received over 200 new submissions today.  If you are on Instagram, you should go look through the amazing pictures of Utah that are tagged with #RoadLessTraveledUtah.  Be sure to "Like" the pictures that you like the best.  While you are there, be sure to also follow @SenMikeLee and @Utahgram.  Of course, you also have until 2:00 p.m. MT today to enter your own submission.
If you haven't shared your #RoadLessTraveledUtah photos on Instagram, you still have time.  The deadline is tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. MT: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/roadlesstraveledutah-photo-contest
Last night, I hosted a dinner to honor high school graduates that I personally nominated to attend U.S. military academies.  These students go through a very rigorous interview process, they have impeccable grades, outstanding test scores, and they've also demonstrated an aptitude for leadership and high performance in every aspect of their lives.  I expect great things from this bright young group of students, and I am grateful that they are choosing to apply their talents in the service of our country.  Of the seven high school graduates from all over the state of Utah that have been accepted into these academies, four are going to the Naval Academy, two to West Point, and one to Air Force Academy.  I wish them the best in their future endeavors.   Read more here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/utah-first?ID=0a99debc-181e-4166-afff-174988e5f96b
I was the only member of the Senate Armed Services Committee to vote no on reporting the National Defense Authorization Act out of committee largely because of a provision that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide a broad range of assistance, including lethal aid, to opposition forces in #Syria.   When senior members of the president’s national security team cannot guarantee that assistance won’t fall into the hands of our enemies, or that the people we train today won’t be fighting alongside al-Qaeda tomorrow, we should be very careful in considering approaches that could assist extremists in that conflict. This could be like pouring gasoline on a fire.
Almost every American thinks that it is frightening that we have a law that suggests that the government has the right to read your email after only 180 days. It’s an easy issue in which to achieve bipartisan compromise and consensus.  This article provides a good summary of why we need to update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Don't forget to submit your photo of a Utah road to the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest. The deadline is May 30, and you can find more details at lee.senate.gov.
On my very first campaign brochure in 2010 are the words, "That which we forget, our children may never know.  What our children do not know, our grandchildren may never realize.   When we become casual in our commitment to the principles of freedom and liberty, those around us may begin to wonder what we know, what we believe and what we are determined to do.  Freedom often falters in the face of forgetfulness.  Commitments that were once concrete, can quickly crack and then crumble through simple neglect and forgetfulness.   Casualness or neglect by one generation can rapidly spiral into apathy in the next. We must never forget how vital it is for us a nation to remember to remember!   I salute the memory of those who have died in service to our nation on this #MemorialDay and suggest we all would do well to spend some time today remembering the principles, freedoms and liberties they fought to defend.  By taking a few moments to properly remember and revere those who have “given the last full measure of true devotion,” we may just remember what unites us as a nation and what we must do to preserve our way of living.   A wise man once said, "We honor best those who have gone before by living our lives with excellence today."  That which we remember, our children will certainly know.  What our children know and remember, our grandchildren will thankfully realize.
"With Memorial Day weekend this weekend, take some pictures of places you visit and enter the contest.  Utah has a lot to offer and this is a good opportunity to share Utah with the world." #RoadLessTraveledUtah  This article from The Petroglyph features two of the submissions that have been entered so far.  If you have an Instagram account, you should go check out the rest of the entries and submit your own.  I hope you have a great Memorial Day weekend!
I have been really impressed by all the entries so far in the #roadlesstraveledutah photo contest.  I would like to thank you all for sharing your creativity.  There is still plenty of time to enter a photo if you haven't yet.  Go to lee.senate.gov for more info.
I #standwithRand in opposing the nomination of David Barron to U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
There have already been some amazing entries for the #RoadLessTraveledUtah Instagram photo contest I am hosting with Utahgram.  If you are on Instagram and you have great pictures of Utah's roads, we would love to see your pictures.  The contest runs until May 30, so there is still plenty of time to join the fun and showcase the beautiful state of Utah and the roads we use to enjoy it.
Last Saturday, staff members with my mobile office went to the Bonneville Salt Flats for the @NASA Student Launch where teams of students participated in a rocket launching competition.  What a great location for this event! #science #rocketscience #utah
Too many in Washington have convinced themselves that special-interest privilege is wrong only when the other side does it. But not surprisingly, they have not convinced the public. Americans intuitively understand that crony capitalism is not a form of private enterprise; it’s a form of public corruption.
NA
"It does not follow that because something ought to be done the National Government ought to do it." -Calvin Coolidge
Utah has over 43,000 miles of public roads.  These roads connect communities, pass through some of the most beautiful landscapes in the country, and they enable Utahns to enjoy an enviable standard of living.  I would like to showcase an outstanding collection of Utah’s roads in my Washington DC office.  You are invited by Me and Utahgram to submit your photographs of Utah’s roads to this Instagram photo contest.  In addition to photos being displayed in my office, I will also send a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol to the three entrants whose submissions receive the most likes on Instagram.  Here are the rules:  1. Be safe.  Pictures taken by drivers while driving will not be considered. 2. The photo has to contain a road in Utah. 3. Only 1 photo per person.  Multiple photos will be selected for the display, but only 1 photo per person will be selected. 4. For communication purposes*, you must be following @SenMikeLee and @Utahgram on Instagram. 5. Use this tag for your entry: #RoadLessTraveledUtah 6. Winner info: Representatives from Senator Lee’s office will select up to 28 photos to be displayed in Senator Lee’s office.  In addition to the 28 photos that will be selected for display in Senator Lee’s office, a flag that has been flown over the US Capitol will be given to the top three entrants whose photos receive the most likes during the contest.   7. Contest ends on May 30, 2014 at 2:00 p.m. MT.                                                More information is available at lee.senate.gov  *Those whose submissions are selected will be asked to provide a larger file size image, so it can be printed for display.
The implementation of #Obamacare has been an unmitigated disaster under HHS's previous leadership. It is critical that before the next HHS Secretary is approved, we have a frank and open discussion about how the administration plans to relieve the pain and confusion caused by this law.  So far, Ms. Burwell's testimony has been less than forthcoming and suggests she plans to follow the lead of her predecessor in blocking Congress's ability to do proper oversight for the American people.   Senator Ted Cruz and I have sent Ms. Burwell a letter in an attempt to finally get answers to simple questions that the American people have been asking repeatedly about this law.  The Senate shouldn't move forward on her nomination until these questions are answered.
From the article: "Every Republican publicly decries the growth of the federal government, but many decline to divulge which functions they would eliminate other than rooting out waste and fraud.  Senator Lee’s bills on education and transportation provide conservatives with a solid opportunity to advocate limited federal government, federalism, and changing course from decades of failed policies by the federal government." 
I believe the rule of law means that individuals have a right to know beforehand the laws to which they are subject and that they will not be made subject to the whims of individual men and women who enforce legal norms in an unpredictable manner.  Yet even under this basic definition, it seems that—to an uncomfortable degree—our federal, criminal administrative state is not a system subject to the rule of law.  Rather, at least at the federal level, we appear to be living in a system of executive discretion whereby that branch of government may pick and choose from an endless array of laws and regulations the rule of the day that they will enforce (or as seems more recently the case, not to enforce).  This state of affairs is the result of Congress criminalizing all or nearly all conceivably harmful conduct, much of which had already been criminalized at the state level. 
Here's how to #RebuildAmerica: 
My tele-townhall is starting now.  You can tune in here:
The president gave a speech today in front of a busy bridge today to announce that we need to #RebuildAmerica by having Congress authorize $300 billion for Washington to spend on infrastructure projects.  Instead of announcing a vision of the new roads, bridges, ports, and pipelines that he would plan to build, he announced that he would be rebuilding a website to help those who will hopefully someday build these projects navigate the permitting nightmare in Washington DC.  Clearly, there are other ways to rebuild America's infrastructure besides funneling $300 billion through Washington.  I will be on Cavuto tonight on Fox Business at 8:00 p.m. ET to discuss the Transportation Empowerment Act, which would cut the federal gas tax and empower the states to manage their own infrastructure.  
I have recently shared several links to speeches and op-eds that I have written to build support for an anti-cronyism and free market agenda.  I have introduced or co-sponsored six bills that fit within this agenda.  I look forward to discussing these six bills and other ways that we can make economic opportunity available to all Americans in my upcoming tele-townhall.    If you haven't already signed up to attend my monthly tele-townhalls, you can join my tele-townhall this Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. MT and be a part of the discussion and dialogue.  Click on the link below to learn more about these bills and to find more information on signing up for my tele-townhall.
The #washingtonmonument is now open again after years of repairs due to earthquake damage.  This is an old picture from a few months ago when it was enclosed with scaffolding.  You should add this to your list if you are planning to visit DC.  Utahns can also contact my office to have a member of my staff arrange a fantastic tour of the Capitol Building. #touristseason #DC
This article ignores another solution for the highway bill. Today, the federal highway program is funded by a gasoline tax of 18.4 cents on every gallon sold at the pump. That money is supposed to be going into steel, concrete, and asphalt in the ground. Instead, too much of it is being siphoned off by bureaucrats and special interests in Washington.  Congressman Tom Graves and I introduced the Transportation Empowerment Act. Under our bill, the federal gas tax would be phased down over five years from 18.4 cents per gallon, to 3.7 cents. Highway authority would be transferred proportionately from the federal government to the states.  Under our new system, Americans would no longer have to send significant gas-tax revenue to Washington, where sticky-fingered politicians, bureaucrats, and lobbyists take their cut before sending it back with strings attached. Instead, states and cities could plan, finance, and build better-designed and more affordable projects. #RebuildAmerica
I wish all mothers everywhere a very happy Mother's Day!
#ActOnClimate Cronyism: Borrow money from China to give money to a Chinese-backed windmill project that Americans don't want: 
Michelle Fields and Next Generation TV came by my office today to do an interview about my bill to end all energy subsidies.  I will share a link to the interview once they post it online.
This is a wide-ranging interview with Philip Klein, where we discuss several aspects of my conservative reform agenda.  We had a great discussion where we were able to explore many aspects of this agenda in depth.  I appreciate the feedback I have received for these proposals, and I invite you to let me know what you think.  You can comment below or share your responses here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/conservative-reform-agenda 
Our higher education system – and especially the federal policies that govern access to it – is failing the two-thirds of Americans who never get a B.A., and the large minority of Americans who never set foot on a college campus.  Those Americans need access to skills that current colleges aren’t teaching, at prices that four-year residential institutions can’t afford, on timelines the academic calendar can’t accommodate. And the lower a student’s income, the greater the need.
Eliminating cronyist privilege is essential to get the economy growing again by creating opportunity and driving down the inflated costs of many of the staples of middle class aspiration and security: housing, education, health care, and child-rearing.  Anti-cronyist reform should never be confused with the cheap, ugly populism of class warfare. We want successful Americans to succeed. All we ask is that they earn their success on a level playing field, subject to the judgment of the market – as truly successful Americans always have.
This week I delivered a speech urging Americans to unite in a fight against policy privilege and crony capitalism.  In the speech I identified several proposals and bills that have been offered by conservatives in Congress as part of this fight, and yesterday in the Senate I introduced a bill that eliminates all tax credits for renewable and traditional energy sources while reducing tax rates to ensure no new burdens are added to the responsible development of America’s energy resources. 
For three years now, since my rambunctious class of legislators arrived in Washington, establishment leaders have challenged anti-establishment conservatives to accept political reality, engage the politics of addition, and produce a viable plan to make principled conservatism appealing and inclusive — to grow our movement into a majority.  Well, here it is: a commitment to economic fairness and competition at the top of our economy to help restore jobs, growth, mobility, and opportunity to the poor and middle class.  Though what I propose is a change, it’s not unfamiliar. http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/4/opportunity-cronyism-and-conservative-reform
We are subjecting the American people and our economy to nearly $2 trillion dollars a year in regulatory compliance costs.  By doing nothing to alleviate this burden, we continue through our past, recklessly broad delegation of authority to subject the American people to a lot of laws that are legislated without any elected official being involved in the process.  In this Joint Economic Committee hearing, we discuss some solutions to this problem.
Free enterprise works – morally and materially – because it aligns the interests of the individual and society. It’s a system governed by an “invisible hand” that rewards the creation of value, and by an “invisible foot” that punishes complacency, especially at the top.  Like and share if you agree.
I wanted my speech on crony capitalism today to start a conversation on how we can address the opportunity crisis that is created by cronyist privilege.  I appreciate the analysis in this Utah Politico article that recognizes that this isn't necessarily an issue of left vs. right.  This is instead a conflict between the political establishment in Washington D.C. and everyone else.  I invite you all to join the discussion on this topic. #Cronyism #EndExIm
"And so, just as a new Conservative Reform Agenda should seek to once again allow the poor and middle class to compete on a level playing field, it must once again force the wealthy and well-connected to do so as well. The level playing field works only when it works for everyone.  And I mean everyone, including the rich. Make no mistake: conservative, anti-cronyist reform should never be confused with – or descend into - the cheap, ugly populism of class warfare. We want successful Americans to succeed. All we ask is that they earn their success on a level playing field, subject to the judgment of the market – as truly successful Americans always have.  Just as the real victim of the baseball steroids scandal was the marginal player who never got a fair chance because he didn’t cheat, the true victims of crony capitalism… are the true capitalists: honest entrepreneurs, employees, consumers, and investors who are today unfairly forced to play uphill in a rigged game.    So it seems to me, given the scope and consequences of America’s Opportunity Deficit – and of the benefits of reform - the only option for conservatives today is a clear and simple zero-tolerance policy toward cronyist privilege of any kind."  This is a passage from my speech on cronyism that I delivered at The Heritage Foundation today.  You can read the full text below.  My purpose in delivering this speech today was to start the conversation about how we can unite to end policy privilege in Washington.  I hope you will help me share this and engage others in joining this conversation.  If you have specific ideas on how we can fight cronyism, you can share them here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/anti-cronyism-and-free-market-agenda
My anti-cronyism speech is starting now.  You can watch it here:
I am practicing my anti-cronyism speech.  I will be delivering this speech at the Heritage Foundation in about 30 minutes.  This speech will start an important conversation about how conservatives can unite to oppose policy privilege and cronyism in Washington.
Tomorrow at The Heritage Foundation, I will be delivering a speech on the moral and economic imperative of rooting out cronyism, corporate welfare, and special-interest privilege from public policy. The speech will start at 12:30 p.m. ET, and you should be able to watch the event from the link below:
"Conservatives’ relative quiet on the issue of poverty cedes too much of the field to those who would use the issue as an excuse to put an ever-larger share of the economy under political discipline, which would leave the country and, not incidentally, the poor substantially worse off."  Read this article for more insight into why conservatives need to play a bigger role in creating and promoting policies that provide a pathway out of poverty.
The president's announcement that he is unilaterally changing immigration enforcement policies is yet one more reminder why reforming our immigration laws needs to occur on a step-by-step basis.  The right way to do immigration reform is to address specific issues – like border security, visa reform, interior enforcement, and workplace verification – in targeted bills, then implement each reform and report on its progress before moving on to the next step.  However, in order to do any of these steps effectively, you need to have a president who will faithfully execute the laws that we pass.
This is from a few weeks ago, but if you have concerns with the Endangered Species Act being used as a tool to prevent the utilization of our abundant resources, then you need to pay closer attention to why Republicans united to oppose the nomination of Rhea Suh to be Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. #TransferPublicLands #BiggerThanBundy 
I enjoyed participating in the "Pizza and Politics" event at Salt Lake Community College today.  I also appreciate those who participated in our discussion on higher-education reform.
I met with Salt Lake County Sheriff Jim Winder today, and we had a great conversation about the Smarter Sentencing Act.  I appreciated his positive feedback on our need to reform our criminal justice system.
Did you know that the unemployment rate in #Utah is 4.1% vs. 6.7% nationwide? After meeting with the Board of Governors for the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce, I am convinced that Utah will continue to outperform when it comes to innovating and creating economic growth.
I hope you will watch this and help me share it.  People are starting to pay attention to the problems that come from the federal government's excessive ownership of land in the West.  I participated in Ken Ivory's public land summit last week with other elected officials from around the country, and I am encouraged by the attention this issue is receiving. #TransferPublicLands #BiggerThanBundy
Congress has made it very clear that the Air Force needs to protect religious expression.  The Air Force needs to revise its policies and implementation to comply with the Constitution and current statutes that protect religious liberty:
I was pleased to participate in this conference, where I explained that public education in Utah and elsewhere is suffering as a result of bad public land management policies: 
Great questions from a great crowd in West Jordan tonight. #utah #utpol
You can watch the live stream of my West Jordan town hall here.  I am looking forward to a great event!
My West Jordan town hall will be starting in about ten minutes.  If you aren't planning on attending, we will be streaming it from my Facebook page. #utah #utpol
I had a great town hall meeting in Ogden on Tuesday, and I am looking forward to my next town hall that will be in West Jordan tonight.  I hope to see you there.
Before my town hall in Ogden last night I had great meeting with the Youth Councils from North Ogden and Plain City at Kirt's Diner.  In one of the pictures, I am presenting the owners of the diner with a certificate of recognition for the 50 years of service they have provided to their community.  Afterwards, I was able to have a discussion about the Constitution, federalism, and other topics with the AP U.S. History and AP Government classes from Ogden High School. I appreciated their insightful questions and their willingness to come back to school in the evening.
Here is a a final reminder for my town hall in Ogden tonight.  I hope to see many of you there.  If you can't make it to Ogden, I will be streaming the event on my Facebook page.
I have two town hall meetings scheduled this week.  I will be in Ogden on Tuesday and West Jordan on Thursday.  This article has some highlights from past town hall meetings I have held.  I am looking forward to continuing the discussion we have already started, and I also want to give you a more extensive overview of my conservative reform agenda.  Help me spread the word about this event.
NA
No single person could have implemented #Obamacare successfully, and no single person is going to be able to fix it. I think that the repeal of obamacare is ultimately going to be something of an inevitability because it was built almost to fail. It can't succeed. The question is simply when. I would like to hear what you would add to the conversation I started with Greta Van Susteren last night about the resignation of Kathleen Sebelius.
The final stop for my mobile office today.  If you are near Mt. Pleasant, you can stop by the city offices from 3:30-5:00 to meet with a member of my staff. #utah
There are three principal reasons why we should start making crony capitalism part of the debate right now.  First, we should do this to fix the economy. Nearly all net job creation comes from firms that have existed for five years or less. But cronyist policies tilt the playing field against those very firms and make it next to impossible for them to succeed, grow, and create new jobs.  Leveling the playing field creates competition in both directions: it allows smaller, younger firms to compete, and it forces larger, older firms to do the same.  That dynamic competition is what creates new jobs, growth, and opportunities up and down the economy.  Second, it’s a matter of basic justice.  The American people have a fundamental right to equal opportunity under the law, and it’s government’s job to protect it.  If the people who “work hard and play by the rules” are forced by government to bail out, prop up, and subsidize elite insiders who don’t, then the land of opportunity isn’t.  Third, as those who most support free enterprise and equal opportunity, Republicans must bear the burden of reform. We believe in the power of free markets and a voluntary civil society to expand opportunity, lift people out of poverty, and support a secure and prosperous middle class.  So it’s our responsibility to follow through on our convictions and close our own branch of the Beltway Favor Bank: 
Next stop for my mobile office.  My staff will be at the Gunnison City Hall from 1:00-2:30. #utah #utpol
My mobile office is in Nephi today from 10:00-11:30.  You can meet with members of my staff at the Juab County Courthouse. #utah
There is still 30 minutes to go in my tele-townhall. Come join us: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Tonight's tele-townhall will be starting in a few minutes. You can participate on Facebook using the link below.  See you soon.
Today the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on the Comcast/Time Warner merger.  This is my opening statement from the hearing.  If you are following the developments of this merger, I would be interested to hear your thoughts about it:
It isn't too late to sign up for my tele-townhall tonight.  You can sign up for the event here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings  You can also attend the event online and on Facebook starting at 7:00 p.m. MT.  I am looking forward to continuing the dialogue we have been having about the issues that are important to you.
Yesterday, I tried to offer an amendment to the Paycheck Fairness Act to remove federal restrictions that prevent employers from offering flex time as an option to their employees.  Unfortunately, Senator Reid and Senate Democrats blocked this amendment that would give working parents the same option that federal government employees have to spend more time with their families. 
Obamanomics has delivered record corporate profits but sagging middle-class wages and an anemic, jobless recovery. It has promoted and exacerbated inequality. It has isolated the poor and squeezed the middle class.  It has also exposed the president’s party to extreme political vulnerability.  But to seize this opportunity — to fix what’s broken in Washington and our economy — a still-distrusted GOP first must end cronyism in our own ranks. The GOP has to close its branch of the Beltway Favor Bank and truly embrace a free-enterprise economy of, by, and for the people.  Impossible? That’s what they said about earmarks.  Too radical a change? These are principles we already espouse.  Imagine a reformed Republican party seizing the moral high ground against political corruption and economic dysfunction. Imagine its leaders, advocating populist, free-market reforms to restore jobs, growth, and fairness to the economy. Faster than you can say “TARP,” we could pin the Left between their egalitarian facade and their elitist agenda, and force them to choose between K Street and Main Street.
I wrote this op-ed with Ben Sasse from Nebraska about the president's "mission accomplished" moment in the Rose Garden on Tuesday:  "The good news is that the final chapter on the president’s disastrous health insurance takeover has not been written. Conservatives are making a strong comeback with concrete proposals that, if enacted, would create real progress toward better healthcare outcomes for all Americans.  "Conservatives should have an honest conversation with the American people about the problems with the president’s health care law and the solutions we have to fix them." #Obamacare #FullRepeal
Congratulations to Noelle Pikus-Pace on winning the US Olympics moment of the Olympic Games! Utah is proud of your accomplishments. #BestofUS
Utah had great representation in the 2014 Winter Olympics.  Today I met with Sage Kotsenburg, Chris Fogt, Faye Gulini, Keith Gable, and Sarah Hendrickson, who are all from Utah.  I also met Stacey Cook and Brita Sigourney who train in Utah.  They were also accompanied by Larry Probst (chairman of the US Olympic Committee) and Scott Blackman (CEO of the US Olympic Committee).  I was honored to meet this inspiring group of athletes, and I join all Americans who are proud of their accomplishments.
Health care has become less affordable as a result of #Obamacare. The law itself has been changed over and over by the president. It’s been a dismal failure in almost every respect, so I do find it very, very frustrating that anyone is trying to celebrate this law as a victory for the American people.
From a recent Deseret News editorial: "A system of laws must provide a way for an individual’s crimes to be weighed by a judge, whose duty it is to measure out appropriate punishment. Perhaps fearful of excessive leniency by some judges, in the past generation state legislatures and the federal government embarked upon a 'mandatory' path, largely stripping this discretion from the judge.  "As noted in the Deseret News report,'in the mandatory minimums regime, all the discretion previously held by judges now belongs to the prosecutor. Federal prosecutors have a fearsome 98 percent win rate at trial. Combined with extreme sentences, this gives them enormous leverage. Plead guilty and implicate someone in exchange for a lighter sentence. Maintain innocence and refuse to offer up other targets, and face a stiff minimum sentence when you lose.'  "This unfortunate combination puts bad incentives in front of accused criminals. And it does no credit to our system of justice. We commend the Senate Judiciary Committee for acting on SB1410, the Smarter Sentencing Act, and urge its passage by the full Senate and the House."
This group of students came up to DC from Liberty University.  We had a great discussion about defending the Constitution and the danger of excessive regulations.  This was one of the highlights of my day, so I am glad they made the trip.
Last year an amendment I introduced as part of the National Defense Authorization Act was adopted to clarify that unless it could have an adverse impact on military readiness, unit cohesion, and good order and discipline, the Armed Forces should accommodate individual expressions of belief.  The instance cited in this story reflects why this amendment was needed.  It appears we have a ways to go towards ensuring that the religious liberties of our military personnel are protected in these instances.
The government shouldn't be able to force you to violate your religious beliefs.  Today the Supreme Court heard oral arguments for the Sebelius v. #HobbyLobby Stores, Inc and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius. I had a good conversation with Doug Wright earlier today about this Supreme Court case and the impact this case will have on our religious freedoms. 
This wall of photos I have taken with each of my interns is mentioned in this article.  You can learn more about how to apply for internships with my office by visiting lee.senate.gov.
What often passes for compromise in Washington isn't really compromise at all.
I was asked this question in my last tele-townhall: "We tell you what we're concerned about, but we want to know what you're concerned about?"    My response is that we have lost sight of the Constitution's single most important feature.
As a former federal prosecutor, I have seen firsthand the impact of too many federal laws that have done too much to change our criminal justice system.  Momentum is building for prison sentencing reform in the Senate.  In order for America to reemerge as an opportunity society, we need to work on undoing some of the harmful effects of federal laws that disproportionately and adversely affect America's poor.  This is one of the better articles I have read on why this issue should concern all Americans. 
Yesterday I was invited to visit the Center for Constitutional Studies at Utah Valley University.  One of the topics I discussed with the students was the importance of the Constitution's vertical and horizontal separation of powers.  Naturally, I posed with several attendees of the event in front of a picture of Montesquieu, whose ideas informed the importance of separation of powers in our Constitution.  This quote from Montesquieu is as relevant today as it was in the 1700s: "When legislative power is united with executive power in a single person or in a simple body of magistracy, there is no liberty, because one can fear that the same monarch or senate that makes tyrannical laws will execute them tyrannically."  What are your favorite quotes from Montesquieu?
I believe that maintaining a strong relationship between my office and our state government is crucial.  For this reason, I sent my mobile office to hold regular hours at the State Capitol during every day of the legislative session.  Several hundred Utahns—elected officials, advocates, families, and countless students—interacted personally with me and my staff at our mobile office, which was a few feet from the Capitol Rotunda.  I received valuable feedback from those who engaged with us, and I also received important insight into many important issues facing our state and our country.   My mobile office will soon be releasing a schedule of upcoming visits.  You can sign up for updates by clicking on the link below:
This is an at-length discussion of my conservative reform agenda with Uncommon Knowledge's Peter Robinson.  This interview format allows for a more in-depth look into the issues than shorter interviews.  If you are interested in learning more about how conservative solutions can help us solve America's opportunity crisis, I hope you will watch this interview and let me know what you think.
I enjoyed meeting with @mayorbenmcadams today in his office to discuss transportation issues in Salt Lake County.  While we met in his office this time, maybe next time we can meet in his mobile office (pictured behind us).
"An agenda for our time must meet the challenge of our time — and of this generation. That challenge is America’s growing opportunity deficit."
Last fall, Republicans fought to protect Americans from the harmful effects of #Obamacare by trying to convince Democrats to delay implementation of individual mandate and other parts of the law.  But the president delayed only the employer mandate, protecting large businesses while unfairly forcing everyone else into Obamacare’s unstable and unsound system. As a result, millions of Americans received cancelation notices for their current insurance policies and were forced to purchase more expensive policies from a website that didn’t work.    It was painfully obvious at the time that the individual mandate would also have to be delayed, but President Obama and his Democratic allies in the Senate chose to engage in a standoff to defend the individual mandate, which led to the government shutdown.   Fast forward five months: We now learn that the president has in fact acted to delay the individual mandate on his own.  That means that instead of sparing millions of Americans the uncertainty, frustration, anger, and fear of losing their health insurance, and acting when he had the opportunity to help the country, the truth is that the president chose to fight for partisan political gain – only to flip flop a few short months later.    But this is all too little too late.  While these exemptions and delays provide temporary relief, they are a lifeline thrown from a sinking ship. The uncertainty that Obamacare has created for insurers, employers, care providers, and patients has now become a permanently entrenched fixture of the Obama economy.  The president’s unwillingness to work with Republicans to protect Americans from this disaster is an indictment of his vision of big government and will forever scar his presidency.  
"Since parents face very different circumstances from one community to the next, a decentralized program with more parental involvement, as envisioned by Senator Lee, should be much more flexible and effective than the current, calcified, Washington-based system."  The Obama Administration's own studies recognize that any benefits of Head Start disappear by 3rd grade.  Like and share if you agree that local communities and parents should play a bigger role in early childhood programs than Washington does:
#LeeTownhall selfie
My tele-townhall is starting now.  I hope you will come join us.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking this link: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
If you have never attended one of my tele-townhalls, you can watch my response to a question I was asked about #CommonCore during last month's tele-townhall to see how these events work.  It isn't too late to sign up for my tele-townhall that will be happening tonight at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you don't want to sign up to participate by phone, you can always watch the event as we stream it on Facebook: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Have you signed up for my tele-townhall yet?  I will be holding my March tele-townhall Wednesday, March 12 at 7:00 p.m. MT: 
A conservative reform agenda speaks to the middle class, and to the poor in America. It helps us shed the label that has been designed by us for those on the left - the sort of caricatured label that says we are somehow the party of the top one percent. These things simply aren’t true. We’re conservative not in spite of our compassion, we are conservative because we are compassionate.   Learn more about the conservative reform agenda in this Real News interview.
My father, Rex Edwin Lee, died eighteen years ago today after a courageous, nine-year battle with cancer.  I still find myself missing him every single day.
"Obama simultaneously could ruin Putin’s day and brighten the lives of millions of Americans. All Obama needs is the courage to tell the environmental Left to let him do the right thing."  Today is the last day for the public to comment on whether the State Department should approve a presidential permit for the #KeystoneXL pipeline.  This article should give you some ideas of things to include in a comment.  Here is where you can leave your comment: http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=DOS-2014-0003
A new generation of conservative ideas must come from a new generation of conservative leaders, and for the first time in a long time, they are.  Leaders like my friends, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Rand Paul, Senator Marco Rubio, John Cornyn, John Thune, Tim Scott… and Congressman Mike Pompeo, Jim Jordan, Jeb Hensarling, Congressman Tom Graves, and Paul Ryan, among others are developing policies that, taken together, are delivering a new, conservative reform agenda to once again clarify and unify the Republican Party.  We have concrete, specific proposals to help lower-income families overcome welfare, improve education and job training, and rescue at-risk communities with too few jobs, too few fathers, and too little hope.  We have solutions to end cronyist privilege and corporate welfare, to close the Beltway Favor Bank, and put America’s political and corporate elites back to work for the rest of us.  And we have introduced legislation to rescue America’s working families from the middle class squeeze. To make it more affordable to raise and educate their kids, and afford health insurance and a home of their own: 
"The work remaining before us, this year and for the next three years, is the most important work conservatives have faced in a generation. It is the work of redefining our movement, rebuilding our party, and rescuing our nation.  "That work will not be easy, or fun, or glamorous. Most of the time it won’t even be noticed. But it is essential to our success.  "If conservatives do not do this work, we will lose in 2014, and 2016, and beyond. We will lose, and we will deserve to lose.  And whether the people at this podium are willing to do that work depends on whether the people in this audience – and conservatives in communities around the country – demand it."  Watch my full #CPAC2014 speech here:
I am delivering a speech at #CPAC2014 in a few minutes (I will be speaking right after Senator Marco Rubio).  You can watch it live here:
The crisis in Ukraine shows us that it is in our national security interests and it is in the interests of our allies who are dependent upon Russian natural gas to increase our energy production and exporting capacities.  Congress and the President should lift burdensome regulations that prevent these capabilities and give our friends an alternative and more stable source of energy. 
First line of the article: "The Obama administration announced Wednesday that it will let people keep health insurance plans..."  Instead of being a free choice that is made between you, your doctor, and your insurance company, the decisions you  make about your health care are now limited to whatever the Obama administration decides to "let" you do.
Patent reform isn't a conservative or a liberal issue.  All Americans should support reforms to the patent system that will prevent litigation abuse and bad faith demand letters while protecting legitimate intellectual property and encouraging innovation.
Our current higher education system is failing the two-thirds of Americans who never get a B.A., and the large minority of Americans who never set foot on a college campus.  I suspect the results of the study mentioned in this article would be different if students enrolling in MOOCs were receiving credit for their efforts.    You can learn more about my proposal to increase innovation in our higher education system here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=higher-education-reform-and-college-opportunity
Whenever government gets too big, it begins to trample on institutions of civil society. We must continue to ensure that the free exercise of religion remains uninhibited.
"There is no point to Republicans’ setting any goal lower than the creation of a new majority that will govern more constructively, and more conservatively, than the last Republican majority did. Republicans ought to start building the case for conservative governance of our country now, this spring, today." 
Today is the last day to share your comments with the IRS regarding their proposed rule to use the vast power of their agency to target Americans for exercising our First Amendment right to free speech.  If this rule is approved, maybe the IRS should change their logo to the design below where the scales of justice are tipped instead of balanced.  Even if you choose not to leave your own comment, you should at least go see what your fellow Americans think of this proposed rule and share this with your friends.  We shouldn't let one of our fundamental constitutional rights be redefined by unelected bureaucrats in the IRS: http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=IRS-2013-0038
Today, the president has offered a transportation plan to the country that should be familiar by now: send more money to Washington where the special interests get their cut, the politicians get the credit, and future generations get the bill. Unfortunately, his proposal is more about preserving a dysfunctional system than improving our roads. His plan to #RebuildAmerica is a top-down, DC-knows-best approach to do to our transportation infrastructure what Obamacare has done to our health care.  Conservatives have a fresh approach that will save money, reduce commuting times, grow the economy and create jobs, and allow state and local officials, who are ultimately responsible for infrastructure projects, to respond more quickly to the transportation needs of each state.  The Transportation Empowerment Act creates a new system where Americans would no longer have to send significant gas-tax revenue to Washington, where politicians, bureaucrats, and lobbyists siphon off precious resources before sending it back to the states with strings attached. Instead, under this proposal, states and cities could plan, finance, and build better-designed and more affordable projects.  You can leave your feedback on the Transportation Empowerment Act here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=the-transportation-empowerment-act
The wireless market is a success story that illustrates what can happen when government stays its regulatory hand and allows the free market to respond to the needs of consumers.
Did you see Senator Marco Rubio's floor speech on Cuba's role in the crisis in #Venezuela?  It is definitely worth your time: 
The following link contains video clips of my addresses to the Utah House of Representatives and the Utah Senate.  You will also find an online version of my 2013 Annual Report that I shared with Utah's legislators.  I think it is important for senators to stand accountable to their state legislatures on a regular basis.  I appreciated the opportunity to update the Utah Legislature on what I am doing in the Senate.
"Underscoring the first-term Republican's remarks to the Utah House and Senate was his core belief that states should be empowered as the primary sources of law."  I was honored to present my annual address to the Utah Legislature today.  I highlighted several of the proposals I have recently introduced that would return power that has been increasingly concentrated in Washington back to the states and to individual Americans.
After addressing @utahsenate I took several questions.  It looks like my bills to reform our higher education system and welfare system have caught the attention of this group, and I appreciated the opportunity to discuss these proposals with them. #utah #utleg #utpol
I am delivering my annual address to the Utah Legislature today.  You can watch my address to the Utah Senate here, which will start in a few minutes: #utpol #utleg
I had the opportunity to meet with many of Utah's county commissioners today.  I would like to thank all who came to participate in this meeting.  We had a great discussion about the fight to strengthen PILT and I appreciated the open and honest feedback they provided about the burdens of extensive federal land ownership.
We can't ignore the fact that we have a president who is acting as if he's got a government of one simply because he can't always get exactly what he wants from Congress.
I will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow to discuss the legality of the president's unilateral changes to Obamacare.  Check your local listings and be sure to tune in.
Greta: A number of states already have this? Me:  Yes, a number of states already have it. And so what we want to do is to make this system-wide within the federal system, create more transparency among the states and make the whole program more effective and efficient so it doesn't have to be so big. Greta: What's the response from the the democratic side of the aisle? Me: There hasn't been much of one yet which I'm taking to be a good sign. It's difficult for them to push back on something that helps people to get out of poverty. That's the whole purpose of our welfare system in the first place is to alleviate poverty. We want to get people out of poverty, they are going to have a hard time contending against that.   Watch the rest of the interview below:
We hit most of these topics during tonight's tele-townhall.  I appreciate everyone who participated in the event.
You can still participate in the last 30 minutes of my tele-townhall.  Come join us here: 
My February tele-townhall is starting now. You can participate on Facebook here:
I had the opportunity today to question intelligence and military leaders on threats to national security.  I am greatly concerned with America's involvement in Syria, and our assistance to rebels could be used by terrorist groups that are targeting the United States.  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper confirmed to me that the Al-Nusra organization and other extremist groups operating in Syria harbor desires to attack the United States, and that these extremist groups are working with the moderate groups that the United States is assisting.   Director Clapper did not know the whereabouts of U.S. assistance that had been captured by extremists in Syria last year, nor did he know if any American aid is being utilized by terrorist groups.   I think Americans would agree that terrorist organizations with intentions of attacking the United States should not be able to access or benefit from assistance paid for by the American taxpayer.  If the administration cannot guarantee that U.S assistance in Syria is not getting into the hands of terror organizations, the assistance pipeline must be shut.  
Today we made our Jell-O with water from Stansbury Park, UT.  Representatives from Stansbury park were in town to claim their award for the 2nd best water in the National Rural Water "Best Water in the Nation" contest. #BestJelloEver #Utah
Poverty is not just the absence of money, but also the absence of opportunity. Today’s poverty programs place artificial restraints on those who are trying to get ahead, build careers and provide better lives for themselves and their families. Successful welfare programs are those that make poverty more temporary, not more tolerable, and we need to move current policy in that direction. The Welfare Reform and Upward Mobility Act, which I introduced today, will give all low-income Americans the opportunity to earn a good living and build a good life.
My February tele-townhall will be held on Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. MT.  If you haven't signed up to participate, you can do so here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
"It was last July that I got a text message from my office that the president wanted to call me. My first thought was, The 'President of what?'  "This was right in the middle of the fight about defunding the Affordable Care Act.  "I had just published a book explaining how Chief Justice Roberts had botched the individual mandate case.  "They didn’t say what he wanted – just that I should stay near a phone. It was a little like being back in school and told to see the principal… except the principal had the nuclear launch codes.  "Add to that, neither the president nor myself are what you’d call glad-handing, back-slapping politicians like a Bill Clinton or Ronald Reagan.  "In short… this was shaping up to be one of the all-time awkward conversations in the history of the telephone..."  Read the rest of my remarks on criminal justice reform here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/speeches?ID=4708f70b-e254-4009-9092-2ff03c58045e
Starting now, you can watch my remarks at The Heritage Foundation's #ConservativePolicySummit.  I will be discussing my higher education reform bill: 
I highly recommend tuning into the The Heritage Foundation's 2014 Conservative Policy Summit.  It will be streaming all day today.  Representative Matt Salmon will be speaking about electronic communications privacy.  Jim Jordan will speak about welfare reform.  Senator Ted Cruz will discuss energy.  Tim Scott and I will discuss education reform.  Congressman Tom Graves will discuss transportation policy.  You can also hear from Represenatives Price, Roe, Hensarling, and Labrador as they discuss healthcare, housing, taxes, and religious freedom.
President Obama will sign the farm bill today.  Read and share my op-ed on why this is a bad deal for America and a very bad deal for states in the West.
I am hoping the best for the 15 Utahns and all of the US Olympic Team who will be competing in the #Sochi #WinterOlympics:
"Think about that for a second. Obamacare increased taxes by $1 trillion over ten years. Democrats have passed several other tax hikes under President Obama. And yet all of that planned new tax revenue has been offset by the poor economic growth that the President’s tax hikes, in part, have engendered.  Some on the right complain that Obamacare is a scheme for wealth redistribution. In truth, Obamacare is a scheme for wealth destruction."  Do you agree with the White House that when #Obamacare drives millions of Americans out of the workforce, that this will be a good thing?
Rather than increasing coercion, we should be demanding that further interference by the U.S. Department of Education with respect to state decisions on academic content standards be eliminated.  Read the resolution that I cosponsored with several other colleagues that outlines our concerns with #CommonCore.    I also want to hear your feedback on how we can improve our education system: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=higher-education-reform-and-college-opportunity
My vote against the Farm Bill today was a vote to rescue Utahns from second-class citizenship, and local communities in my state from permanent dependence on the whims of faraway politicians.  To compensate local governments for the tax revenue Washington unfairly denies them, Congress created – as only Congress could - the PILT program, which stands for Payment In Lieu of Taxes. Under PILT, Congress sends a few cents on the dollar out west every year to make up for lost property taxes. There is no guaranteed amount. Washington just sends what it feels like.  Imagine if a citizen operated this way with with the IRS.  Local governments across the western United States, and especially in counties like Garfield, Daggett, and Wayne, Utah, completely depend on Congress making good on this promise.  Given this situation, there are three possible courses of congressional action.  First, Congress could do the right thing and transfer the land to the states that want it.  Second, Congress could compromise and fully compensate western communities for the growth and opportunity current law denies them.  But in this bill, it’s neither. Congress chooses option three: lording its power over western communities to extort political concessions from them, like some two-bit protection racket.  “That’s a nice fire department you got there,” Congress says to western communities. “Nice school your kids have. Be a shame if anything should happen to it.”  These states and communities are looking for nothing more than certainty and equality under the law. Yet Congress treats these not as rights to be protected, but vulnerabilities to be exploited.  I have been on the phone with county commissioners for weeks, who feel they have no choice but to support a policy they know doesn’t work. This bill takes away their ability to plan and budget with certainty, and forces them to come back to Congress, hat in hand, every year. County Commissioners know this is no way to run a community. I share their frustration, and I applaud their commitment to their neighbors and communities.  I’m convinced that in the long run, the best way to protect these communities is to find a real, permanent solution that gives them the certainty and equality they deserve.  
The Farm Bill is a monument to every dysfunction Washington indulges to bend our politics and twist our economy to benefit itself at the expense of the American people.  The topline talking point among defenders of this bill is the word “compromise.” “The Farm Bill,” we are told, “may be imperfect, but it’s a compromise we can all live with.”   They said, “Negotiators from both houses and both parties came together and hammered out a deal.”  They said, “This is how you get things done in Washington.”  There is some truth in this. But it’s more of a half truth. There absolutely is compromise in this thousand-page, trillion-dollar mess. But it’s not a compromise between House Republicans and Senate Democrats.  No, it’s collusion between both parties against the American people, it benefits the special interests at the expense of the national interest.  This bill does not demonstrate how to do things in Washington, but how to do things for Washington.  
During Utah's legislative session, you can visit my mobile office in the Utah State Capitol every weekday from 10:00 a.m. - 2:00p.m. #utleg #utpol
Today, Sharon and I are praying for Deputy Greg Sherwood and the family of Sgt. Cory Wride are in our thoughts and prayers.  Deputy Sherwood and Sgt. Wride courageously defended our communities and are heroes to us all.
This is a follow-up discussion about my exchange from yesterday with Attorney General Holder regarding the President's abuse of executive power. If enacting his agenda requires unprecedented and lawless exercises of executive power in order to bypass Congress and the American people, then perhaps his agenda is too radical for the American people.  
Watch and Share: Attorney General Eric Holder can't explain constitutional basis for President Obama's executive orders.
I will be questioning Attorney General Holder in a Judiciary Committee Hearing today.  What questions would you like to hear him answer?
"In the few minutes I have tonight — I’d like to speak especially to those Americans who may feel they have been forgotten by both political parties."
Getting ready to give my response to the State of the Union.
If you want to watch my response to the president's State of the Union speech, you can watch it from this link.  It should be starting soon. #SOTU
Here's a sneak peak of my response to the State of the Union that I will be sharing after the president's speech. #SOTU
I would like to thank everyone for the feedback you provided for my State the Union response.  I am planning to incorporate many of the issues and concerns that you shared. 
I am looking forward to delivering the official tea party response to President Obama's State of the Union address.  It looks like the president plans to focus on several issues that I have been addressing while rolling out my conservative reform agenda.  If this speech is anything like his past speeches that I have attended, he will call for massive expansions of government power to address these issues.  I am looking for ideas to incorporate in my response.  Tell me in the comments how you would respond to his speech and invite your friends to join the discussion. #SOTU
On this, the 41st anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision, I reaffirm my commitment to protecting life. Since Roe v. Wade, approximately 55 million babies have been aborted in the United States. Abortion is a heartbreaking assault on the defenseless, and I am grateful for the many individuals who are standing up and continuing to fight for restoring America’s respect for life. #ProLife
Can you answer Senator Klobuchar's question at the end of this clip?  In which state are you most likely to go from the bottom 20% of the income scale to the top 20%?  Once you hear the answer, I would like to hear your thoughts on why you think this state is number one.
"Utah can provide a good example for the rest of the country. A combination of smart, efficient government, an active and faithful civil society and perhaps the most successful private welfare system in the world has made Salt Lake the most upwardly mobile region in the country. And we have one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country to show for it.  That’s why I have begun and will continue to pursue a reform agenda in Washington that begins to lift the artificial weights imposed by government."  Read the rest of my op-ed on how we can increase economic opportunity and social mobility here:
Tom Coburn has become my trusted friend over the last three years.  I deeply admire him for his intellect, decency, and genuine commitment to the cause of good government.  His presence in the Senate will be greatly missed when he retires at the end of this year.
100,000 people signed the petition to reform #ECPA and require the government to get a warrant to read your email even if the email is older than 180 days.  The White House still hasn't responded.  They did respond to the Jimmy Kimmel Live petition though.  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/response/what-we-have-say-about-jimmy-kimmel
Privacy isn't something we give up to have security. Privacy is a form of security. #NSA
I kicked off my tele-townhall on Wednesday by discussing the problems with the omnibus spending bill.  I voted against this bill last night.
Local governments receive federal payments under the PILT program to help compensate for the loss of property tax revenue due to non-taxable federal lands within their boundaries.  These funds are used to pay for law enforcement, schools, and infrastructure in states with high concentrations of public land.  The omnibus spending bill spends hundreds of millions of dollars on international climate change programs, but it doesn't fund PILT.  I fully support Senator John Barrasso's amendment which requires the federal government to uphold the promises it has made to public lands states instead of sending the tax dollars of hard working Americans to international climate change programs.
I need your feedback.  Our higher education system has traditionally been a gateway to middle class security and economic opportunity.  While it's true that college has never been for everyone, as we transition from an industrial economy to an information and service-based economy, post-secondary eduction of some kind or other is no longer a luxury for the select few.  Higher education and #CollegeOpportunity need to be at least an option on the table for just about everyone who graduates from high school.  I recently introduced a proposal that will remove many of the barriers that are preventing Americans of all education levels from participating in our higher education system.  While my proposal focuses primarily on our higher education system, I recognize that our entire education system is intricately connected.  I am confident that with your feedback, the proposals I am developing will be stronger.  If you have ideas on how we can improve our education system, I hope you will join this dialogue.
You can still catch the second half of my video tele-townhall that is happening now: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Join my monthly tele-townhall.  It just started: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
How to spend $1 trillion dollars with one piece of legislation.
On September 5, 1787, at the Constitutional Convention, they were discussing the public land related authorities in the Constitution, including the authority that has now been included in what's often referred to as the Enclave Clause, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17. One of the delegates to the Federal Convention of 1787, Elbridge Gerry, a delegate from Massachusetts, stood before the convention and made an astute observation. Mr. Gerry expressed concern that, “this power [that is, the power of congress over federal public lands] might be made use of to enslave any particular state by buying up its territory, and that the strongholds proposed would be a means of awing the state into undue obedience into the general government.”  Then, as now, wise observations often came from the state of Massachusetts. Then, as now, we have a grave risk associated with the fact that when the federal government owns this much land, the federal government has this much power. This was on the minds of the delegates to the Convention of 1787, that one of the things they needed to protect against was the concentration of too much power in the hands of the few, especially the concentration of too much power within the federal government. They understood, and each of them had a mission to protect the sovereignty of their respective states. They understood that if Congress had too much power to simply buy up too much land in any one state, disproportionately in some states, the federal government would have too much influence within that state.  Now, I would ask you, when you look at the map in this clip, does that look equitable? Does that look like an equitable distribution of federal landownership? We have to keep in mind that just as there are benefits associated with some of our public lands, there are also burdens attached to those benefits. And when you look at those burdens, it's difficult to say anything other than that they are disproportionately allocated into a certain region of the United States. They're overwhelmingly located within the Rocky Mountains and areas west of the Rocky Mountains.  And so to the extent that these benefits benefit everyone in the United States, then the burdens ought to be shared by everyone in the United States as well. And yet, they are not. PILT, again, is woefully inadequate as it is. But now, Congress is trying to withdraw funding for PILT. And even though some may say we'll fund it later this year, we have no guarantee of that, and we should be funding it right now.  This is one of the several problems with the omnibus spending bill currently being considered by Congress.
"Some reformers might want to go even further – to open up the market with a national system based in Washington, or blow up the status quo altogether.  But housing alternative accreditation in the states accomplishes three conservative goals at once. It will protect policy innovation from the monolithic cronyism that inevitably infects centralized power. It will allow competitive federalism to work its magic, as neighboring states check one another’s imprudence and inaction. And, finally, it will preserve and reward what does work at today’s colleges and universities."  What do you think needs to be done to make our higher education system more affordable, accessible, and effective? 
Getting ready for a floor speech with my trusty copy of James Madison's Notes of Debates in the Federal Convention of 1787.
Here's my 2014 tele-townhall schedule.  My first event of the year will be tomorrow night at 7:00 MT.  You can sign up on my website to be placed on my VIP call list to ensure that you are called for each event during the year.  I am looking forward to carrying the dialogue we started last year into 2014.
"You can't always tell in every case, but in some cases you can tell where the center of gravity is in the Court.  Today the center of gravity was rather clearly against the president.  This is for the simple reason that the text of the Constitution is clearly against the president."
We ourselves take an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States. This involves doing more than leaving it to the courts to iron out the details.  We need to be more open, more faithful, more forceful, and less partisan about the way we defend the Constitution of the United States.
After attending the NLRB v. Noel Canning oral arguments today, I believe #SCOTUS  will find that president Obama's controversial recess appointments were unconstitutional.
Behold my display of the 2013 Federal Register.  It contains over 80,000 pages of new rules, regulations, and notices all written and passed by unelected bureaucrats.  The small stack of papers on top of the display are the laws passed by elected members of Congress and signed into law by the president.
Our current higher education system is controlled by the iron triangle of regional accreditation organizations, the schools and federal bureaucrats.  As a result, the higher education system is falling behind on its ability to meet the higher education needs of today's students in a way that is affordable and accessible.  Today I introduced the HERO Act to expand higher education opportunities to low-income and middle-class families.
Tomorrow, Weber State celebrates their 125th anniversary.  My office and I are getting ready.  We will be serving grape #Jello tomorrow in my weekly "Jell-O with the senator" event.  If you are in DC stop by my office to celebrate the contribution this fine institution makes to our community.
Mandatory prison sentencing reform is an issue that enjoys bipartisan support in Congress.  Do you think Senator Reid should allow more votes on smaller pieces of legislation that enjoy bipartisan support and that are passed through regular order through the committee process, or do you think the country is better served by Congress passing last-minute deals that are thousands of pages long with very little time for public scrutiny?
Why is the leader of the free world picking a fight with nuns?
How do you think our country would be different if the federal government still owned the Louisiana Purchase?
This last year has been a great year on social media.  I started the year with 15,000 followers on Twitter, and early this morning I surpassed the 100,000 follower mark.  My followers on Facebook have grown from 8,570 to 157,492.  As you read through this list of my most popular tweets from 2013, you will see the reason for this explosive growth.  We have all been engaged in a robust debate about the future of our country.  You will find a list of issues where we have come together to #MakeDCListen, and I believe we are making a difference.  I hope you will take the time to read this post, and if you are on Twitter, you can retweet your favorites.  I also encourage you to continue to engage in this dialogue, invite your friends and family to participate, and let's make 2014 a year where ignoring the American people is no longer an option for the ruling class in Washington, DC.
Merry Christmas from my family to yours!
The #NDAA is one of the most important pieces of legislation annually considered by Congress, authorizing the funding of our armed forces and setting forth the policies to ensure that our nation is secure. For nearly 50 years, both sides of the aisle and both houses of Congress have put partisanship aside to carefully consider the best way to ensure that our military has adequate resources and our citizens are safe.  In the past decade, regardless of which party was in power, the NDAA has been considered in the Senate for an average of nine days with an average of 130 amendments considered each year. But this year, after just two days of considering the bill and voting on only two amendments, Reid filed a motion to end debate on the legislation and block any other senator, Republican or Democrat, from offering further amendments. This is a dangerous and unnecessary new precedent to set when it comes to our national security.  Refusing to allow the normal debate process to work as it has for almost five decades violates the rights of the American people to have this legislation debated and amended through their elected officials.  I cannot vote to support this legislation until my colleagues and I are allowed to debate and amend it in a way that respects the normal democratic processes that have worked well for almost 50 years.    Please help share this.
Come join the last 30 minutes of my tele-townhall:
My tele-townhall is starting now.  You can come join the conversation Facebook here:
Due to a scheduling conflict I had to reschedule last week's tele-townhall.  I am planning on hosting my monthly tele-townhall on Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. MT. I look forward to having a discussion about your questions and concerns, observations and insights.  Here is a list of major developments from the last year that I hope we can touch on during our discussion:
One sentence in this article inadvertently sums up the tens of thousands of pages of legislative and regulatory text of #Obamacare:   "Although the steps are meant to reduce problems, insurance companies say they might actually make things worse by confusing consumers and complicating the industry’s process."
On several occasions in recent months, including in hearings before the Judiciary Committee, I have noted that the NSA’s metadata program raises serious constitutional issues that are not resolved by Smith v. Maryland, a Supreme Court case that was decided almost a quarter-century ago.  Today’s decision highlights the constitutional concerns I have been raising, as well as other troubling aspects of the program.  I continue to harbor strong concerns regarding the government’s indiscriminate collection of personal data on all Americans.  This case will undoubtedly be appealed, and it will take time for it to make its way through the courts.  Meanwhile, I will continue to push to improve oversight of the federal government’s surveillance activities that implicate core constitutional concerns.
Under the Mineral Leasing Act, the federal government leases federal land for the development of energy, minerals and other materials, and shares the revenue with the states in which the leases are held.  The revenue is currently split evenly between the states and the federal government.  Section 302 of the recent budget deal decreases the portion the states receive and leaves the federal portion intact. That would mean a total reduction of $415 million for the states, with roughly $32 million coming from Utah.     It is unfortunate that the budget targets the mineral leasing program. Many of Utah’s rural communities depend on this funding and we shouldn’t be pulling the rug out from under them when there are so many other wasteful and ineffective programs in the federal government to reform.
Tune into County Seat on ABC channel 4 this morning at 8:30 a.m. MT.  They will be airing an interview I did with them recently about issues related to public lands management in Utah.
I can't vote for a bill that I disagree with. I can't vote for a bill I think is going to make our budgetary situation worse rather than better.
"I want to emphasize that this is about so much more than just a website. In many respects this administration would like us to focus more on the website because the website is the thing that can be most easily fixed. The bigger problems relate to the fundamental unfairness of the law - the fundamental unworkability of the law. It's what is behind the website that is most troubling, that is causing millions to lose their health coverage."
This petition needs 100,000 signatures by the end of the day in order to receive an official response from the White House.  I have co-sponsored bipartisan legislation with Senator Leahy that would require the government to get a warrant to access the content of your email.  If you agree that your electronic communications shouldn't be viewed by government agencies unless they have a warrant you should sign this petition and share it with your friends.
I will be voting against the House-Senate budget deal that was recently introduced.    Rather than enacting reforms to make government more efficient, the budget deal makes more government more expensive. Sequestration is far from ideal, but at least it forced Congress get serious about excessive spending. This deal cuts into the modest gains taxpayers have won since 2011 by trading concrete spending reductions over the next two years for theoretical spending cuts a decade from now. In the meantime, the deal raises taxes on all air travellers, so that Congress can continue to ignore both waste in discretionary spending and the ticking fiscal time-bomb of our entitlement programs.  I do not envy House Republicans in their task of negotiating a budget with a Senate majority and president hostile to the very idea of having one. But the deal they have struck is not one I can support.  If there is a silver lining in this deal, it at least further confirms the need for Republicans to finally develop a comprehensive conservative reform agenda. Real reform involves not simply cutting dysfunctional programs, but fixing them so government doesn’t cost so much in the first place. And as Democrats continue to hide from those reforms at the behest of their special-interest clients, Republicans must begin to advance our ideas openly and transparently, not behind closed doors while up against artificial deadlines set by the forces of the status quo.   Tell me what you think about this budget deal in the comments.
My mobile office is a great way to keep in touch with my staff.  If you need help with a federal agency, if you want to learn more about internships at my office, or if you just want to come by and share your ideas, visiting my mobile office is a good first step.  Today my mobile office will be in Murray and Sandy.  You can find the details here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/11/december-2013-mobile-office-schedule
Successful small business owners often have ownership stakes in several small businesses.  Many more small businesses will be subject to the #Obamacare employer mandate than Americans have been led to believe.  I continue to hear from small business owners that the biggest thing that is preventing them from growing their business is the uncertainty they face from having to comply with the byzantine regulations of Obamacare.
I will be holding my monthly tele-townhall this Wednesday at 7:00 p.m. MT.  I greatly appreciate the thoughtful feedback and questions I receive during these events.  You can sign up to participate in my upcoming tele-townhall here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings  If you don't want to sign up for the event, you can watch it online as well.  Here is a highlight from last month's event where I was asked if it was possible to fix #Obamacare without repealing it.
During one of my town hall meetings last summer, I was asked if I support raising the minimum wage.  Small businesses will soon face substantial increases in the cost of hiring employees as they brace for the impact of the #Obamacare employer mandate.  Increasing the minimum wage will only increase the pressure that businesses already face when hiring employees.  I have recently introduced proposals that I think will work better to reduce poverty, and you can read about these proposals here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/11/bring-them-in  This is a key passage that I think is relevant to a discussion about the minimum wage:   "In the same way, poor children today do not lack the ability to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to flourish in our market economy and civil society. But they absolutely lack the same access to the networks of human opportunity where that knowledge and those skills are acquired.  "Properly considered, then, the war on poverty is not so much about lifting people up. It’s about bringing people in. And so the challenge to conservatives today is to rethink the war on poverty along these lines, to bring into our economy and society the individuals, families, and communities that have for five decades been unfairly locked out.  "Nineteen-sixty-four wasn’t the year Americans started fighting poverty; it was the year we started losing that fight. To start winning again, conservatives are going to have to lead the way - not simply by offering criticism, but alternatives. Our job is to identify the obstructions that impede Americans’ access to our market economy and civil society and clear them."
"Bottom line: both parties recognize that inequality and lack of opportunity are growing problems in American society today. Perhaps the biggest. The only question is whether a bigger, or smaller, federal government can better address the problem."  You can learn more about my conservative reform agenda to address our crisis of unequal opportunity here: www.lee.senate.gov/conservativereformagenda
RIP Nelson Mandela, a champion for liberty and justice, and one of the great heroes of our age. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family, the South African people, and friends of freedom everywhere.
I would like to thank the representatives from the Utah Department of Work Force Services, the Calvary Baptist Church, the Utah Food Bank, the 4th Street Clinic, United Way, and Standing Together for participating in my roundtable to reduce poverty.  A lot of great ideas where shared, and this meeting confirmed my belief that we can make changes in federal and state policy to remove barriers that trap people in poverty and prevent upward mobility.
"With troubling and increasing frequency, bad actors leverage the complexity of our patent laws to extort illegitimate fees from unsuspecting businesses. Start-ups and small businesses that do not have large litigation budgets are hit particularly hard by this devious practice.  Of course, large companies and retailers are also negatively affected. Confronted with meritless litigation, these businesses must choose between doling out large payments to settle a frivolous case or paying significant lawyers’ fees to fight back. These unnecessary costs mean American consumers pay more for the products they buy.  No one disputes the value of intellectual property. But the recent abuses we have seen do not protect legitimate intellectual-property rights or the interests of inventors. Instead, they serve only to enrich opportunistic litigants or 'patent trolls,' who have no interest in innovation or patents."  Learn more about the bipartisan, bicameral effort to prevent abuse of our patent system:
The Senate has confirmed more of President Obama's judicial nominees in the first five years of his presidency than were confirmed during the first five years of President Bush's presidency.  Tell me in the comments whether you think it was a good idea or a bad idea for Senate Democrats to break the rules of the Senate to change the rules, so that they can confirm more of the president's nominees.
Happy Thanksgiving!  I hope you all have an enjoyable holiday spending time with those you love and expressing gratitude for the many great blessings that we share.
It concerns me that we have already agreed to loosen our sanctions on #Iran when their government's record of violating previous agreements, refusing to cooperate with the international community, and continuing to export terrorism casts doubts on how sincere their leaders will be in keeping to this agreement.  The administration must ensure Congress and the American people that they can clearly verify Iranian compliance; history does not inspire much confidence in holding Iran to its word.
Today's decision by the Democrats to break the rules of the Senate is a partisan attack on the very purpose of this institution.  The Senate protects the American people from authoritarian one-party rule by requiring at least some consensus to move anything through this body.  The Democrats have just done great damage to this principle by putting politics and partisanship ahead of the interests of the American people.
I had a good discussion with TheBlaze about the conservative reform agenda that I have been promoting recently.
ICYMI - I was a guest on Greta Van Susteren's show to participate in a discussion with her about the failed rollout of #Obamacare.  One of the highlights was when we discussed how it appears this law was designed to fail.  At this point it appears that Obamacare will collapse and I think it is destined for collapse, and I think most people in the administration acknowledge it's going to collapse. The difference is that a lot of people within the administration and people like Harry Reid have acknowledged that not if but when it does collapse, they hope that we will quickly move towards a single payer healthcare system. That's one of the many problems with this law is that it was built to fail.  It was built to fail, knowing that it would fail, and as it failed it would harm many millions of americans:
My constituents continue to express their concerns with various UN treaties that are under consideration.  I was asked specifically about the UN Arms Trade Treaty in my most recent tele-townhall, and you can watch my response below.  You can also visit my Sovereignty First page on my website to share your feedback on this issue: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/sovereignty-first
In her confirmation hearing, Secretary Jewell confirmed to me that it was her belief and the belief of the Obama Administration that national monument designations should not be made without significant support from the local communities, officials, and stakeholders.  She might as well have said, "If you like your multiple-use federal land, you can keep it."    She recently made comments that suggest she would advise the president to designate national monuments  if Congress "fails to act" in accordance with the Administration's wishes.  I would suggest that if Congress fails to act it is because the local support that she claims exists for these monument designations does not in fact exist.  Like and share this if you agree that the president should not unilaterally designate new national monuments unless called for by an act of Congress.
Today we commemorate the #GettysburgAddress on its 150th anniversary: "The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they here gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."
Congress has a constitutional responsibility to ensure that our system of intellectual property "promotes the progress of science and the useful arts."  Our patent system must protect legitimate property rights and encourage innovation.  Recently, we have seen increased abuse of the patent system in a way that actually discourages innovation and growth of the economy.  Learn more about the legislation I introduced with Senator Patrick Leahy today to protect businesses and innovators from abuses in the patent system:
The president's announcement yesterday that he is going to rewrite #Obamacare, yet again, is too little, to late.  His proposed changes won't undo the damage this law has caused.  Every time this law is rewritten, either by the Supreme Court or the President, it becomes even more impossible to implement.  The sooner Senate Democrats recognize that this law cannot be fixed, the sooner we will be able to work together to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a market-driven, patient-centered alternative that empowers individual Americans to purchase health insurance based on their own personal needs and preferences.
I have been finalizing several proposals that I recently introduced as part of a conservative reform agenda.  Today I introduced the Transportation Empowerment Act.  Under this bill, the federal gas tax would be phased down over five years from 18.4 cents per gallon, to 3.7 cents. And highway authority would be transferred proportionately from the federal government to the states.  Congressman Tom Graves introduced a version of this bill in the House of Representatives, and Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Ted Cruz have co-sponsored my bill.  You can learn more about this bill and leave me your feedback here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=the-transportation-empowerment-act
I would like to thank those who have shared their experience with #Obamacare.  I was able to share a few of these on the Senate Floor today:
I would like to thank everyone who is taking the time to participate in my tele-townhall.  You can learn more about how to participate in these events by visiting lee.senate.gov #utah
My monthly tele-townhall is starting now.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking this link: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
Today I delivered a speech at The Heritage Foundation's anti-poverty forum to introduce several new proposals that could be part of a conservative anti-poverty agenda.  I believe the American people are poised to launch a new, bold, and heroic offensive in the war on poverty… if a renewed conservative movement has the courage to lead it.  The United States did not formally launch our War on Poverty in 1964, but in 1776: when we declared our independence, and the self-evident and equal rights of all men to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  For more than two hundred years, the United States – through trial and error, through good times and bad – has waged the most successful war on poverty in the history of the world.  Upward mobility has never been easy. It has always and everywhere required backbreaking work, personal discipline, and at least a little luck. But if upward mobility was not universal in America, it was the norm. From our very Founding, we not only fought a war on poverty – we were winning. The tools Americans relied on to overcome poverty were what became the twin pillars of American exceptionalism: our free enterprise economy and voluntary civil society.  You can read the rest of my #BringThemIn speech here: http://www.scribd.com/doc/183919000/Bring-Them-In-Senator-Lee-Outlines-Conservative-Anti-Poverty-Agenda
I will be holding my monthly tele-townhall tonight at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You will be able to participate online, or if you would like to sign up to participate by phone, click here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Millions of Americans have received notices that their health insurance plans have been canceled.  Thousands have been able to sign up for #Obamacare.  I am hoping to share #YourStory of how you have been impacted by Obamacare in a Senate Floor speech this week.  You can submit your story by clicking the link or posting it in the comments to this post.  If you know others who have been affected, be sure to share this with them as well:
I am always amazed by the generosity of Americans, and Utahns in particular.  Here is the page for the Red Cross response effort for the recent typhoon in the Philippines if you are wanting to help those affected by this storm:
"This wouldn’t be the first time that a health care entitlement was repealed.  The same thing happened in the late 1980s with catastrophic coverage for seniors.  Because seniors were made to pay for their benefits under that scheme, the uproar forced Congress to repeal the measure barely a year after it went into effect.  #Obamacare looks to be on the same political trajectory, and for the same reason.  Obamacare represents the crisis of big government; the limits of administrative government have finally been breached."  Comment whether you AGREE or DISAGREE with this author's assessment:
Today, as in Reagan’s generation, conservatives must reapply our core #conservative principles to fit the challenges of our time. We need to be aggressively pro-reform and show Americans we have alternatives – superior alternatives – to unaffordable and unfair big government.  Specifically, and most especially, this new conservative agenda must speak to the challenges and aspirations of those Americans too often ignored by both parties: the poor and middle class families and communities that big government is leaving behind.  Read and share the rest of this op-ed that I submitted to RedState:
May God continue to bless those who have blessed our nation with their service and sacrifice.
One of my roles as a United States Senator is to consider treaties signed by the President for ratification.  Treaties are an important tool for creating conditions in the world that are favorable to the security and economic prosperity of the United States.  However, many of the treaties recently negotiated by President Obama or considered in the Senate put international interests above the interests and sovereignty of our country.  The United Nations the Law of the Sea Treaty (LOST), the Convention for the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD), the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT), and the New START treaty with Russia contain provisions that diminish our defense capabilities, undermine important constitutional rights and processes, and erode our national sovereignty.    I have found that many Americans care passionately about the role we play in the world, and I want to hear your thoughts about the United Nations, treaties that are being considered by the Senate, and what aspects of American sovereignty need to be vigorously defended:
The president now acknowledges that people relied on his promises about #Obamacare to their detriment.  The president also now regrets that he misled the American people.  While an apology is a good first step, it doesn't help those Americans who lost the insurance policies they liked.  It doesn't help those who have seen their hours cut or their positions eliminated because of this law.  It also doesn't help those who are seeing their premiums and other costs increase.  We will now have to see what action he is willing to take to protect those who have been harmed by this law.  I suggest that we suspend Obamacare in its entirety, since Obamacare in its entirety is harming people.
The president lied to the American people, and those lies are harming millions of people.  The hearings with Secretary Sebelius yesterday confirmed our worst fears about #Obamacare, and it is unfortunate that the president is resorting to scripted acts of deception to mislead the American people about this law instead of doing what needs to be done to protect Americans from Obamacare: http://youtu.be/_W6yt5So9Gg
The Harvest Dance at Parowan High School is coming up, and Kirtlyn Hunt asked Tim Byl (tallest guy in the picture) to the dance.  While visiting my office as part of a Close Up - Washington DC group, Tim enlisted my help.  As any good senator would, I called into the high school to let Kirtlyn know over the school intercom system that Tim's answer is "yes."  I hope they have a great time at the dance.
I have been asked some good questions about my tax reform plan, and I posted responses to some of the frequently asked questions about this bill on my website.  You can learn more about my pro-growth, family-friendly tax reform here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=family-fairness-and-opportunity-tax-reform
I have received some great feedback for the Working Families Flexibility Act.  I hope you will join the discussion if you haven't already: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/11/feedback-for-the-working-families-flexibility-act
As we watch the #Obamacare train wreck unfold, it is worth remembering that the Gang of 8 immigration bill is the #immigration version of Obamacare.  We can fix the problems in our immigration system through a step-by-step process.  Many Americans oppose the Gang of 8 immigration reform bill, but many Americans also want to see common sense reform measures that enjoy wide bipartisan support passed.  I would greatly appreciate any feedback you could provide on the subject of immigration reform, and what you would like to see happen as Congress continues to debate this issue:
While everyone is aware that the #Obamacare website is a disaster, personal stories like this one effectively illustrate what is wrong with the law once you get passed the technological problems:  "Before the Affordable Care Act, health-insurance policies could not be sold across state lines; now policies sold on the Affordable Care Act exchanges may not be offered across county lines.  "What happened to the president's promise, 'You can keep your health plan'? Or to the promise that 'You can keep your doctor'? Thanks to the law, I have been forced to give up a world-class health plan. The exchange would force me to give up a world-class physician.  For a cancer patient, medical coverage is a matter of life and death. Take away people's ability to control their medical-coverage choices and they may die. I guess that's a highly effective way to control medical costs. Perhaps that's the point."
For many families, especially with young children, their most precious commodity is time.  But today, federal labor laws restrict the way moms and dads and everyone else can use their time.  For decades, Congress has given a special exemption from these laws to government employees. This is unacceptable. The same work-life options available to government employees should be available to private-sector workers, as well.
 
 I introduced legislation this week that would correct this unfairness.  Let me know what you think: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/working-family-flexibility
I had the honor to meet with a great group of Utah veterans today during their #HonorFlight visit to DC.  
 
 There are more pictures here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/blog?ID=88afe9d6-83ad-4d78-a3dd-192e04d59779
If our generation of conservatives wants to enjoy our own defining triumph, our own1980 – we are going to have to deserve it. That means sharpening more pencils than knives. The kind of work it will require is neither glamorous nor fun – and sometimes it isn’t even noticed. But it is necessary.  To deserve victory, conservatives have to do more than pick a fight. We have to win a debate. And to do that, we need more than just guts. We need an agenda.    I am looking forward to leading the debate on how conservative principles can be applied to resolve America's crisis of unequal opportunity.
Today, working families' take-home pay is flat, but the staples of middle-class security and opportunity - health care, education, home ownership, work-life balance, and children - are becoming harder to afford.
By November of 2016 we will be as far from Reagan's election as Reagan's election was from D-Day.  Now is the time for a great debate in the Republican Party to craft a conservative reform agenda to match the needs, desires, and hopes of a new generation.
From my speech from earlier today: "We need a new, comprehensive anti-cronyism agenda to break up the corrupt nexus of big government, big business, and big special interests."
I am delivering a speech today at The Heritage Foundation to discuss what's next for conservatives.  The speech starts at 2:30 p.m. ET, and you can watch the live stream of the speech from the attached link.
A few weeks ago, I presented the Family Fairness and Opportunity Tax Reform Act at the American Enterprise Institute as part of a series of proposals that I am putting together to address the crippling problems of immobility at the bottom of our economy, insecurity in the middle class and cronyist privilege at the top.  You can learn more about the tax reform proposal in the attached article.  I am planning on introducing additional proposals as part of this conservative reform agenda tomorrow in a speech at The Heritage Foundation.  Stay tuned for details.
We have been operating in an odd way in Washington for 4½ years. The regular process involves passing a dozen appropriation bills to fund different aspects of government to go category by category to fund defense, transportation, agricultural programs; but when you operate with a continuing resolution as we have for the past four years, you lump everything together.  The problem with doing that is you put members of Congress in a position of colluding. It’s not really compromise, in my opinion, to pass a continuing resolution again and again. It’s not really good for the people we serve. It’s sometimes only good for the political establishment. Just passing something to keep government funded at current levels is touted as a compromise, but it’s really an act of collusion in the sense that they know this isn’t good for the people.
HHS Secretary Sebelius recently acknowledged that they are finally bringing in the A-team to fix the #Obamacare website.  Unfortunately, many of the inherent problems of Obamacare that are leading to the systemic failure of the website are also manifesting themselves in other symptoms of systemic failure: Increased premiums, reduced coverage, cancelled coverage, reduced hours, lost jobs, and degradation of the medical profession.
I am going to be on Sean Hannity's TV show tonight to talk about the problematic launch of the #Obamacare exchanges.  Tune in tonight if you can.  If you can't, I wanted to remind you that you can subscribe to my youtube channel.  I will post the clip of the interview there after the show.
My Facebook page recently reached 100,000 followers.  Thank you for following me.  It is always helpful to read your comments and feedback.  I also appreciate everyone who takes the time to share posts and discuss the important issues facing our nation with friends and family.    Our country is facing significant challenges, but I remain convinced that for America the best is yet to come.  We have recently seen how hard Washington will fight to prevent change, yet I also see evidence every day that Americans are becoming more engaged in the dialogue about the future of our country.     I know we share the same passion and commitment to improve the nation we have today and to maintain the guarantee that the America of tomorrow will be bright for generations to come. So our work together has really just begun.    My dialogue with you over the coming months will include a number of issues I have been working on that are vital to our future:  - We must reform our byzantine tax code to make it more fair for working, middle class families.   - We need to fix our immigration system in an incremental, step-by-step fashion to keep the American Dream alive for those who want to come contribute in our great enterprise.   - We have to end the opportunity crisis in our system of higher education that is becoming a ticket to a years of indebted servitude instead of a ticket to the middle class.   - We must remain vigilant in protecting our constitutional rights by limiting the amount of information our government can collect and store about our private lives.    - We  need to recognize that our national debt just surpassed $17 trillion, and Americans are overwhelmingly united in demanding that we rein in the government spending.    I look forward to continued discussion with you, your friends and family on these and other important issues in the days and weeks to come.   Our challenges are great, and I need your help to get the results we all want.  I think 100,000 followers is an important milestone, but it is only a start.     To paraphrase William Morris:  "One man with an idea in his head is in danger of being considered mad: two people with the same idea may be foolish; ten sharing an idea begin to act, a hundred draw attention, a thousand and society begins to tremble, a hundred thousand… and the cause has victories tangible and real; and why only a hundred thousand? Why not a million and more…? You and I who agree together, it is we who have to answer that question."
#ButWaitTheresMore "In the meantime, here are the tales of many, many, many real Americans. Share this with your friends. Every time some Statist nincompoop extols the virtues of Obamacare; every time they insist that the 'Affordable Care Act' has done nothing but 'help' low and middle income families; every time they babble incoherently about how #Obamacare isn’t 'perfect' but it’s still 'better' than what we had before — show them this. Challenge them to read what is happening out there. This isn’t abstract. It isn’t academic. It isn’t a matter of ideology. It isn’t even an issue of constitutionality (although it’s that, also). This is about people. People with kids, and bills, and health problems. This is about people who can no longer afford their health coverage, their mortgages, their lifesaving medication. This is about doctors and nurses leaving medicine behind, driven away by destructive bureaucratic interference. This is about moms and dads losing their jobs so that their employers can compensate for the financial burden of Obamacare. This is about people without insurance because of Obamacare, now being fined for not having insurance because of Obamacare. This is about business owners driven to the edge of bankruptcy. This is real. We heard a lot of fantasies about what Obamacare was 'supposed' to accomplish, now it’s time to talk about what it’s actually doing.  "So when they say you are 'heartless' for opposing Obamacare, show them why it’s heartless to support it.  "Sure, the President, the media, Hollywood and the DC elite have touted some 'success stories.' But they are few and far between — and they come at a cost. This is that cost. For every person thanking his lucky stars for this new healthcare entitlement, thousands of low and middle income families are suffering.  "Is that fair? Is that compassionate? Is that moral?"
This article provides a complete analysis of the effort to defund #Obamacare, why it was necessary, and why it ended the way it did:
I have received many questions about what is happening with #immigration reform in Congress.  I wrote this op-ed with Senator Jeff Sessions to explain various approaches Congress could take.  I hope you can read and share this article, so the American people can know what to watch out for as the House decides what it plans to do with the Gang of 8 bill.
"We've got to launch this website to find out what is in it"
We are not going away. Neither are the many millions of Americans who joined this dialogue and who made their voices heard by Washington, D.C. Not only are we not going anywhere, but they aren't either. Their numbers are growing. More people are hurting as a result of #Obamacare every day. As they continue to call in and ask for help, we'll continue to do everything we can to help them.
Here we are again.    Another unnecessary crisis. A proposal that maintains the status quo.  Very little time to read and evaluate the bill.  No time to explain it to our constituents.  This is Washington.  It is exactly the kind of thing the American people are fed up with and exactly why several of my colleagues and I began this effort to defund and delay #Obamacare back in July.  It appears that this particular fight will end much the same way Obamacare began: in a last-minute deal, negotiated in back rooms, then forced on Congress and the American people.    The Washington Establishment can’t bring itself to believe that this is why Congress has a poor approval rating – because Washington doesn’t listen to the American people.  It ignores them.  And when the American people can no longer be ignored, the administration shuts down national parks, blocks veterans from going to their own memorials, uses the IRS to target certain groups, and holds hostage critical funding for cancer research, low-income women and children, veterans’ health benefits, border security, and our National Guard.  It is shameful how Washington treats the American people and the people are right to be upset about it.  The media keeps asking, was it worth it?  My answer is that it is always worth it to do the right thing.  Fighting against an abusive government in defense of protecting our individual rights and freedoms is always the right thing.  Some say we shouldn’t have fought because we couldn’t win.  But this country wasn’t built by fighting only when victory was certain.  In fact, some of the most important victories in our history were the result of fighting battles against significant odds.  And even if victory seemed difficult or impossible, that wouldn’t excuse me or anyone else from doing the right thing.  Avoiding difficult battles is how we ended up in this mess – $17 trillion in debt, out-of-control spending, a broken entitlement system, a tax code no one understands – all because Washington is willing to act only when there is guaranteed political gain.    When the avoidance of political risk becomes our dominant motivation, only the Washington establishment wins.  And the American people lose.  Furthermore, in Washington, victories are rarely immediate and very few are permanent.  Obamacare wasn’t enacted overnight and it won’t be repealed overnight.  We must remind the American people of the harmful effects of this law at every opportunity if we are ever going to see it repealed.  The best case against Obamacare is proving to be Obamacare itself.
I answered several questions about #Obamacare, the shutdown, & what you can do to make a difference during my last tele-townhall. Here are some of the highlights:
The experience of this Utah blogger echoes many of the complaints about #Obamacare that I am receiving in my office.  Americans do not want to be forced to purchase something they can't afford from a website that doesn't work.  They do not want to entrust sensitive personal information to a technological system that is failing on every front.  Insurers are throwing their hands up in the air, because they have no idea if the registration information coming through is even valid.  If you want to #MakeDCListen and share how you have been personally impacted by Obamacare, you can go to http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
Read and share the letter I signed with 49 other senators to announce our opposition to the ratification of the UN Arms Trade Treaty.  We sent this to the president today to let him know that the U.S. Senate does not intend to ratify this treaty.  This treaty poses a threat to our 2nd Amendment rights and undermines our national sovereignty.  With a bipartisan group of 50 senators opposed to this treaty, it is unlikely that it will be ratified anytime soon.
For too long, Republicans have put off the difficult work of developing a modernized, principled conservative reform agenda to meet many of the new challenges of the 21st century.  There are many reasons why this is so. But I think the biggest is that in this city, conservatives often fall into a trap – defining ourselves by what we are against: Big government, debt, higher taxes and regulations, Obamacare. But we haven’t invested nearly as much time and energy in communicating what we conservatives are for.  I’m talking about more than simply the policies we advocate. Conservatism is not about the bills we want to pass, but the nation we want to be.  The real goal - what conservatives are really for - is not an agenda for government. It’s a vision of society. A view of the world we want to build, together. “Together.” That word, “together,” is an essential – and too often overlooked – part of what we conservatives believe.  We’re all committed to bedrock principles of individual liberty, individual rights, and personal responsibility.  But the reason we fight for individual freedom is the strength, vitality, and value of the communities free individuals form.   The alternative to big government is not small government.  The alternative to big government is a thriving, flourishing nation of cooperative communities – where your success depends on your service. It’s a free enterprise economy where everyone works for everyone else, competing to see who can figure out the best way to help the most people.  And it’s a voluntary civil society, where free individuals come together to meet each other’s needs, fill in the gaps, and make sure no one gets left behind.
Today Rush Limbaugh read one of my e-newsletters on his radio show.  If you haven't done so already, you can sign up for my e-newsletter here:  http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/signup
The House has currently passed 14 measures that would open parts of the government for which there is broad bipartisan support.  Democrats continue to refuse to compromise, and the Administration continues to intentionally make life difficult for Americans.  Of course these measures are in addition to the continuing resolutions that the House passed to fund the entire government while defunding Obamacare.  The Democrats continue to insist that we can't fund anything unless we fund everything.
My tele-townhall is happening now.  Invite your friends to like my Facebook page and participate:
My monthly tele-townhall will be starting in a few minutes.  Click here if you want to participate on Facebook: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
The Obama Administration calls the complete systemic failure of the HealthCare.gov website a glitch.  As more Americans find out what is in #Obamacare, they want to hit the reset button on the entire law.  It's no surprise the president is trying to change the subject.    Yet, the president and the Senate Democrats refuse to negotiate.  They would rather force you to purchase something you don't want at a price you can't afford from a website that doesn't work.
"The House of Representatives cannot only refuse, but they alone can propose the supplies requisite for the support of government. They, in a word, hold the purse—that powerful instrument by which we behold, in the history of the British Constitution, an infant and humble representation of the people gradually enlarging the sphere of its activity and importance, and finally reducing, as far as it seems to have wished, all the overgrown prerogatives of the other branches of the government. This power over the purse may, in fact, be regarded as the most complete and effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the immediate representatives of the people, for obtaining a redress of every grievance, and for carrying into effect every just and salutary measure."  -James Madison, Federalist No. 58  Pass it on.
Over the past week or so, it has become apparent that certain federal agencies have, in a number of instances, acted rather intentionally to cause what I would consider undue hardship for the purpose of making a political point.  Another aspect of this problem is that there are some states that are by their very nature far more susceptible to this kind of manipulation and this kind of intentional infliction of pain than other states. While most states have within them less than 10 percent of federal land, meaning that while in most states less than 10 percent of the land is owned by the federal government  In 11 Western states, including my own, the government owns more than 50 percent of the land. In my state—the state of Utah—the federal government owns roughly 70 percent of the land. And while some may praise the benefits of public land, it’s clear that the federal government can and will use its immense power as a political tool. And I would add to this—public land becomes very unlike public land when it is closed by people who arbitrarily say “because of a shutdown we’re going to exclude you.” It becomes government land at that point, and that’s the point they seem to be making.  The bottom line here is that federal land management agencies exert enormous amounts of influence over the country, an influence that’s not often recognized by those outside the western United States. This influence is not just in the national parks, it’s felt in many aspects of every day life in states like mine. It’s felt in how we fund public schools, how we maintain our police and our fire services, and how we develop our infrastructure. And as we’ve seen over the past week, these agencies are willing and able to wield tremendous influence in a manner that serves the political ambitions of the few, at the expense of the many. This raises a number of questions about the nature and extent of federally owned land, questions we need to address here in Congress.
The Obama Administration’s behavior during the first week of the shutdown has been the best argument against Obamacare anyone has ever made.      The American people do not want #Obamacare, and they are demanding that Washington act to protect them from the harmful effects of this unfortunate law.  The president’s response has been to ignore them, allow the government to shutdown, and then use his power to close national parks and monuments, stop paying veterans’ benefits, and cut off cancer research.  This is exactly why we should not expand the government’s power over our health care choices.  What power the government has, it will use – and misuse – to advance its own interests, even if that means punishing the American people along the way.  The message behind the Administration’s shutdown bullying is the same message sent by his IRS’s abuses of political opponents: do what I say, or else. This is the abusive, partisan, unaccountable bureaucracy that, under Obamacare, will soon be running America’s health care system.  President Obama is not just using the vast powers of his office as leverage against Republicans – he is abusing his powers as leverage against the American people.  The scenes of World War II veterans being shut out of a monument built in their honor should be a bright red flag warning the American people what an out-of-control federal government is capable of.  Each day brings a new and more vivid example of why it is critical that we not allow Washington to reach even further into our most personal and intimate decisions.  We now see how determined the president is to expand the power of the federal government and his willingness to use that power to harm the country to get what he wants.  Congress cannot allow this to stand and should continue to work to end the #shutdown and protect the American people from Obamacare.  Add your voice to the effort to defund Obamacare, and share this with your friends: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
I delivered this speech earlier this afternoon, because I wanted to draw attention to the important work being done by the House of Representatives.  Not only is the House of Representatives passing bills to fund areas of the government that the president asked us to fund, they are doing so with significant bipartisan support.  I think that we in the Senate owe it to the country to show that we can do the same thing:
As was warned and expected, the rollout of #Obamacare has revealed many of the core promises that were made to sell Obamacare are turning out to be false.  Many Americans are now learning that they don't get to keep their previous healthcare plans.  Many are finding increases in premiums for decreased benefits.  They are being forced to buy coverage they don't need.  Meanwhile, Democrats are becoming the "Obamacare Party."  It is the only thing that matters to them.  They are willing to deny benefits to veterans, keep national parks closed, and stall cancer research unless Obamacare is fully implemented.  If you are finding that Obamacare isn't living up to its promises you can let me know by visiting: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
President Obama and Democrats in the Senate won't even consider passing bills to fund veterans benefits, cancer research and our national parks unless #Obamacare is fully implemented.  The president has issued veto threats on funding for the things he asked Congress to fund because the bills don't include Obamacare:
Normally, under regular order of appropriations, Congress will vote on and ultimately approve a dozen or so separate segmented appropriations measures to make sure that we address each area within our federal government separately. This way there's adequate time to consider what it is that we're spending money on. This is a big government that spends between $3.5 and $4 trillion a year, and it's important that we break these spending decisions up into pieces. But, over the last 4 1/2 years or so, we've been operating on the basis of back-to-back continuing resolutions.  The problem with these measures is that they basically require us to fund everything or fund nothing. And so what this proposal does, what the Republicans in the House of Representatives are quite wisely doing is saying, "Let's start with those areas as to which there is the most broad-based bipartisan consensus.  Let's keep government funded at current levels, as a continuing resolution would do within those areas, and let's build consensus.  Let's start funding the government in those areas where there isn't significant objection.  Two of the bills in the House of Representatives that have been passed in this fashion have received substantial bipartisan support, and I expect that the rest of them will receive bipartisan support as well. In the middle of an unfortunate government #shutdown and surrounded by all this divisive rhetoric, Republicans and Democrats came together in the House and approved these bills overwhelmingly. I think we owe it to the country to show that we can do the same thing in the Senate.
The House has acted to begin the end of this unnecessary government shutdown. It is currently on the path to approving the president’s request to fund veterans’ benefits, the National Guard, the National Institutes of Health, and to keep our national parks open.  The Senate should immediately take up these bills and pass them unanimously.  We proved on Monday that this can be done quickly when Senator Harry Reid allowed the military pay bill to pass by unanimous consent in a matter of minutes.  There is no moral or political justification for holding up these critical priorities.  I hope Sen. Reid will exhibit the same courage as Speaker Boehner, listen to the American people, and put an end to the president’s government shutdown.
Late Saturday night, the House of Representatives passed a bill to ensure that all active duty military personnel, the brave men and women in uniform, will continue to get paid. Yesterday, the Senate took up that measure and passed it unanimously. It did so in a matter of minutes, in a seemingly effortless legislative act.  I think we can do the exact same thing with a number of noncontroversial spending bills that fund aspects of government that Americans overwhelmingly support, that Americans acknowledge that we need, and that are completely unrelated to #Obamacare.  My plan, in other words, would involve setting up segmented continuing resolutions, appropriations measures that would keep the funding going at current levels to various areas within government, including the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, military construction, C.J.S., which includes funding for the Department of Justice, the federal court system, the F.B.I., NASA, and the national weather service, for example.  We can act. We should act. We must act today to resolve this. There is absolutely no reason why this noncontroversial aspect of our federal government's operation should continue one more day or even one more hour, for that matter, without being funded.
Yesterday we saw Republicans and Democrats in the Senate unanimously approve pay for full-time active duty military personnel.  I think this can be a model for us to fund other areas of the government and avoid a prolonged #GovernmentShutdown.
The Senate did the right thing and passed a bill that  guarantees active duty military members will get paid in the event of a government shutdown.  The president should sign this law right away.    Now it is time for the Senate to do the right thing and protect the American people from the #Obamacare train wreck:
If #Obamacare is the law, then why won't the president follow it.
"The american people understand that they are the sovereigns in this country. They are not subjects. We, the people, are citizens. The government works for us even though it sometimes has started to feel like it's the other way around. All these things show what happens when the political elite, not we the people, pretend to be in control. This is not about any one person or even any one policy or any one political party. This is about this town and it's about the american people, what they deserve, what they demand, what they expect and what they have a right to, which is the right to live free of undue interference from their national government. This vote is not the end. It's not even the beginning of the end. This is simply the end of the beginning. Washington may appear to have the upper hand at this moment, but it's essential that we remember that the american people will always have the final word." #MakeDCListen
On my way to the Senate Floor with Senator Cruz to make the final case to #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen
Senator Marco Rubio is exactly right:  "But certainly, the American people are more aware today than they were 24, 48 hours ago about why ObamaCare is so bad and the dangers of it.   “And now everyone here will have to vote and they’ll have to explain -- if they vote against defunding ObamaCare, when this thing goes through and it starts hurting people, like it already is, they’re going to have to explain to their constituents why they voted for this and why they keep funding it." #MakeDCListen
Senator Jim Inhofe has been a valuable ally in the effort to #DefundObamacare.  He is also leading the fight to ensure that the Senate doesn't erode our 2nd Amendment rights by ratifying the UN Arms Trade Treaty.  I would recommend liking his page if you haven't already.
I am encouraged by the increasing number of my colleagues who have been calling me to commit their support in the upcoming vote to #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen
Republicans have the votes to prevent Sen. Harry Reid from reinstating funding for Obamacare in the House continuing resolution if they will stay unified:
Right now this is fight:  Senate Republicans have the votes to prevent Sen. Harry Reid from reinstating funding for #Obamacare in the House continuing resolution if they will stay unified.  Republicans voting “YES” on cloture will likely find themselves aligned with a united Democratic caucus on a procedural vote that would allow Sen. Reid to gut the House bill and fund Obamacare.    Now is the time to #MakeDCListen
I would like to thank Senator Ted Cruz for his extraordinary effort to #MakeDCListen
I spent the night on the Senate Floor with Senator Ted Cruz working to #MakeDCListen.  This is from one of our exchanges:   "There have been those who have argued that if you want to support the continuing resolution passed by the House of Representatives … that you must vote yes on the cloture vote on the bill.  Well, that's an interesting take on it because notwithstanding the fact that some in my party have been making that suggestion, it's anticipated that… senator reid and 53 democratic allies -- as I understand, will all be voting for cloture on that bill. That begs the question, are those same people who are suggesting that if you support the House -- the House-passed continuing resolution, the one that funds government, keeps government funded while defunding obamacare -- that you would have to vote yes on cloture on the bill, does that mean that Harry Reid and the 53 democrats likely to follow him are supporting the House-passed continuing resolution, the one that keeps government funded while defunding obamacare? I find that a little strange. I find it a little counterintuitive…"  Part of the reason we are doing this is to help Americans understand how the process in the Senate can be used to gut the House-passed CR.  When you are done watching C-span,  take a few minutes to watch this clip and share it with your friends, so that everyone can be informed about this important, upcoming vote:
I appreciate the many Americans who have added their voice to the effort to #DefundObamacare.  As I have joined Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate Floor to #MakeDCListen, I have enjoyed sharing your feedback.  You can add your voice to this effort by visiting this page on my site: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
I was honored to join Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate Floor today to #MakeDCListen to the American people and #DefundObamacare.  He is planning on speaking for as long as he can, and I will be joining him throughout the evening.
I will be joining Senator Ted Cruz and others today on the Senate floor to #MakeDCListen.  Share this with your friends and join the effort to #DefundObamacare: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Last night Greta Van Susteren asked me how we can prevent Senator Reid from stripping out the part of the House-passed CR that defunds #Obamacare.  You can watch my answer below if you want to understand how this process will work in the Senate:
Right now only one party has voted to fund the government.  It is time for the Senate to act and vote to fund the government but defund #Obamacare.  Share this if you agree that Harry Reid should be required to get 60 votes to strip the language that defunds Obamacare from the CR that passed the House last Friday.
Great op-ed by Senator Ted Cruz:  "Not one more American should lose their job, wages, or health care plans because of this disastrous, train wreck of a law.  "If President Obama, his big corporate friends, and members of Congress and their staffs don’t have to live under #Obamacare, then no other Americans should, either.  "Some argue the law should be delayed. Defunding delays it for everyone, not just the ruling class in DC. In essence, defund exempts everyone from the law. Defund gives a waiver to everyone.  "Whether or not Senate Republicans defeat cloture, the question will be whether Harry Reid will demand a government shutdown to force Obamacare on every American. We should not shut down the government, and I hope Reid and President Obama do not do so."
When we initially proposed to #DefundObamacare, the Washington establishment attacked it.  Some said it is not physically or legally possible to pass a bill that funds government but defunds Obamacare.  We've seen all those things are untrue.  We've seen the American people are rallying around this idea.  They have seen the president acting to protect big business, big unions and other special interests, and they want to be protected, too.
I was honored to participate in the ceremony at Hill AFB today to celebrate the delivery of their first F-35.
The House of Representatives listened to the American people and just passed a CR that will fund the government but #DefundObamacare.  Be sure to take time to thank your Representative today if they voted to defund.  It is now time for the American people and the Republicans in the Senate to unite and do everything they can to prevent this train wreck.
I will be holding a public speaking event at Weber State University this afternoon.  All are invited to attend.  Here are the details:  Weber State University Wild Cat Theater  Shepherd Student Union Building  September 20, 2013 1:00 – 3:00 pm (MST)
Republicans in the House and Senate are uniting in the effort to #DefundObamacare.  Please like and share this if you appreciate the efforts of Representative Matt Salmon and others to use the power of the purse to prevent the unaffordable and unfair Obamacare train wreck.
Senator Ted Cruz and I spent some time with Sean Hannity tonight to discuss recent progress in the effort to #DefundObamacare.  Here is the full interview.  The House Republicans have chosen to vote on a CR that will fund all the functions of government but defund Obamacare.  This is great news, and now is the time for all those who oppose this train wreck to unite in an effort to delay Obamacare by voting to defund it.  Be sure to share this with your friends, so they can be aware of these recent developments:
Just a reminder, my tele-townhall for September will be held next Wednesday, September 25, at 7:00 p.m. MT.  You can sign up to participate here:
 http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Today, I announced a tax reform plan that replaces today’s complex tax system with a new, simple structure that provides solutions for America’s ongoing opportunity crisis.  The “Family Fairness and Opportunity Tax Reform Act” incentivizes social mobility, promotes middle-class economic security, and improves opportunity for all Americans.  I delivered the following speech at the American Enterprise Institute today to introduce this plan.
I have been working with Senator Leahy to craft legislation to address abusive practices in the American patent system. Our legislation will increase the transparency of patent ownership, protect the customer of a patented product when the manufacturer should really be the defendant and improve the process for reviewing patents at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We are coordinating closely with other members of the Senate Judiciary Committee from both sides of the aisle and with Bob Goodlatte, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee.  I will keep you updated on the progress of this common-sense, bipartisan legislation.
Earlier this week, I went on Mark Levin's show to discuss recent efforts in the House to #DefundObamaCare.  More and more Americans are standing up against this law, and there is now a bill introduced by Tom Graves in the House that will fund all the functions of the federal government except ObamaCare.  Share this if you agree that the House should pass the Congressman Tom Graves bill and send it to the Senate.
Congressman Tom Graves introduced a bill yesterday that would continue to fund all the functions of government and protect the American people from ObamaCare for at least one year. The House should pass this legislation immediately and send it to the Senate. The president has delayed the implementation of ObamaCare for big business, unions, and his special interest supporters. Congress should act to delay it for the rest of the country, as well.
The president has not convinced Americans that the Syrian civil war represents a vital national security threat to the United States.  Neither has he adequately explained how the U.S. would achieve the limited objectives his plan seeks to accomplish.  According to the administration, even after the limited military action, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would continue to have access to the chemical weapon stockpile and the ability to carry out further attacks.  My greatest concern remains the likelihood that the proposed strike would leave Assad in power with access to these weapons and lead our country further into war.  The better path for the president would be to continue to work with our allies to secure Syria’s chemical weapons and ensure they do not proliferate throughout the region.
We will #NeverForget the victims of #september11, the heroic first responders, and those who keep us safe and bring our enemies to justice.
During my recent town halls, it was clear that my constituents had many questions and concerns about military intervention in #Syria.  This week my office has received numerous phone calls, emails, and letters about this issue, and 1.7% of those contacting my office support military intervention.  An astounding 98.3% of my constituents that are reaching out to me do not want to see the U.S. military involved in the Syrian conflict.
If you live in southern Utah, can you help me spread the word about this:  Unfortunately, my town hall that was scheduled for Kanab tonight will have to be rescheduled since I had to return to Washington for the Syria briefings.  I apologize if you were planning to attend this event.  If you would like to be notified when we reschedule the event, I encourage you to sign up for my enewsletter: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/signup
The administration has indicated its goal is to use limited military action to significantly degrade Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s ability to use chemical weapons against his own people and to deter future attacks.  After hearing from the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs in a top-secret briefing, I do not believe that the range of options the president is considering will accomplish this military objective, and therefore I cannot now support intervention into the Syrian civil war.   First, it remains unclear how the president’s plan to execute limited strikes would prevent Assad from using chemical weapons again or even make it less likely.  Second, it is entirely possible that ineffective U.S. strikes would embolden Assad to become even more ruthless towards his people.   Finally, I am greatly concerned that in order to achieve the president’s goal, the U.S. would be required to become much more deeply involved in the Syrian civil war than the administration is willing to commit.   The real threat to U.S. credibility is not what happens if we don’t intervene, but what happens if we do without a plan for what comes next.  The risks of the president’s strategy far outweigh the possible gains.  We cannot ask our men and women in uniform to engage in a military conflict that does not present a national security threat to the United States.  Instead, the U. S. should work vigorously to identify and neutralize any real threats to our national security – such as the proliferation of chemical weapons.  We must work to ensure that chemical weapons in Syria do not get into the hands of groups that will use them against American or western targets.”
ICYMI: My discussion with Greta Van Susteren about the possibility of U.S. military strikes on Syria.  I am heading back to DC to participate in tomorrow's Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on military intervention in Syria.
I am deeply saddened by the tragic death of Draper City Police Sergeant Derek Johnson.  My wife, Sharon, and I are praying for the family and for our law enforcement community as they begin to cope with this loss.  Days such as this are a reminder of the commitment, courage and sacrifice so often displayed by those who protect and defend our neighborhoods and cities.
I am pleased president Obama has chosen to seek congressional authorization before proceeding with military action in #Syria.  Although I have yet to hear a persuasive argument that intervention in Syria is necessary to protect U.S. national security, today's decision will give the President the chance to make that case to Congress and to the American people.
Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution gives the president power to convene Congress under "extraordinary" circumstances.  If the president thinks our national security interests require military intervention in #Syria, he should convene Congress immediately, make his case, and request authorization for such intervention.
The use of military force is the most serious exercise of our national sovereignty, and it should not be taken without support of Congress and the American people.   Using it in Syria for the sake of credibility is not a strong enough reason to intervene.  Until recently the President has been cautious in his approach to this situation.  I hope he will refrain from any decisions to push the United States further into this conflict, and that he makes the security interests of the United States his utmost priority.
My Farmington town hall is happening now.  You can watch it from my Facebook page by clicking the ustream tab. #utah #utahgram
My town hall in Farmington is scheduled to start in a few minutes.  If you aren't able to make it to the event, you can watch it online here: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senator-mike-lee-tv
I am expecting another great town hall meeting tonight in Farmington.  Here is the information if you would like to attend.
I believe the situation in Syria is not an imminent threat to American national security and, therefore, I do not support military intervention.  Before taking action, the president should first come present his plan to Congress outlining the approach, cost, objectives, and timeline, and get authorization from Congress for his proposal.
In another stop in my series of visits with large employers in #Utah, I had a great discussion with the employees of UPS.
I am looking forward to two more town hall meetings this week.  I will be in Tooele tonight and Farmington tomorrow.  You can visit my website for more information: http://lee.senate.gov  You can also watch the live stream of these events on my Facebook page.  Just click on the Ustream Live tab.
ATK is one of northern Utah's largest employers.  I had a great meeting with this large group of rocket scientists who are concerned that our tax code is too complicated.  We also discussed the economy, #Obamacare, and the conflict in Syria.
Share this clip of Senator Ted Cruz if you are part of the grassroots tsunami:
I have had some great discussions with some of Utah's largest employers about immigration, healthcare, tax reform, and other important issues.
After the great turnout in Spanish Fork last night, I am looking forward to another great town hall tonight in Plain City at 7:00 p.m MST.  If you can't attend, you can watch the live stream on Facebook by clicking on my profile page and clicking the Ustream Live link.
Full house at my Spanish Fork town hall tonight.
We had to start my town hall meeting in Spanish Fork a little late tonight.  So many people arrived, we had to move to a bigger location.  It is streaming online now:
I enjoyed meeting with a great group of Utahns that showed up to my town hall tonight.
My town hall in Spanish Fork will be starting at 7:00 p.m.  If you are unable to make it, I will be broadcasting it live on my Ustream channel: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/senator-mike-lee-tv
Everything is ready to go for my town hall tonight in Spanish Fork @ 7:00.
#Obamacare was passed without a single Republican vote.  Republicans that are now in Congress ought not contribute their vote to fund it.
"We have to reject the false choice placed before us by those who are powerful.  We are currently being presented with a false choice that we must choose between funding #Obamacare and on the other hand shutting down government.  The truth is, we have every capacity to fund everything else in government without funding Obamacare."  Join me in one of my upcoming town halls: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=0d7297b1-94b1-4df9-a007-ab28c60bdba4
Thousands of Utahns across the state participated in my tele-townhall last week.  There was great concern among the participants that #Obamacare was going to cause more harm than good, and in some cases this unfair and unaffordable law had already resulted in negative consequences.  If every Republican refused to fund Obamacare, we could protect Americans from the negative consequences of this law.  You can sign up for my Tele-Townhalls here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings  I will also be holding several town hall meetings over the next few weeks.  You can learn more about these events here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/townhall-meetings
I am looking forward to hosting several town hall events over the next few weeks across the state of Utah.  Click on the link below for locations and times.
"Congress can disallow funding for ObamaCare and effectively stop the implementation of the law.  Yet doing that will require resolve. President Obama, along with all the Democrats, will accuse Republicans of trying to shut down the government by giving the president a spending bill that he must veto. But there is no "must" about it. If the president opts to shut down all of government instead of just ObamaCare, that will be his choice, not the wish of conservatives.  The truth is rarely a factor in today's political battles, though. Much of the media will echo the White House talking points about Republicans shutting down the government. Seniors will be told that Social Security and Medicare are in jeopardy if ObamaCare is not funded, the poor will be threatened with loss of benefits—well, you know the rest.  This is why some Republican leaders and consultants are pleading with conservatives in the House and Senate not to pick a fight with the president over ObamaCare. The Republican old guard warns that any fight could jeopardize the GOP's chances of taking the majority in the Senate in 2014 and keeping the House majority. Their do-nothing strategy? Allow ObamaCare to be fully implemented so the American people will see what a mess it is.  The problem with this logic is that once ObamaCare is fully implemented, it will destroy what's left of our personalized, free-market health system and make it very challenging to bring affordable, high-quality health care to Americans. The bureaucracy and the costs of national health care will grow dramatically, becoming increasingly difficult to dismantle as they grow.  ObamaCare will destroy the private-insurance market, incentivize businesses to cancel current health coverage for their employees, create physician shortages, and force Americans and states into total dependency on the federal government. After all that, it will be difficult, if not impossible, for the free market to resurrect a private health-care system built on doctor/patient decision-making."
I met with Rod Decker today in my Salt Lake office to discuss the effort to #defundobamacare.  Tune in to Channel 2 News this evening to watch the interview.
On Monday, the New York Times reported that an #Obamacare rule restricting out-of-pocket insurance costs for consumers, such as co-pays and deductibles, would be delayed until after next year’s election.   This provision was originally billed by the administration as a major cost saver for patients, particularly those with chronic disease.  But the cap was leading to huge premium increases, particularly for young families and students.  Faced with the obvious and predictable consequences of the caps, the administration again faces another embarrassing delay of this unworkable and unfair law.  The president realizes the political consequences of allowing the insurance premiums of voters to skyrocket over the next twelve months and is choosing to lay the burden on the chronically ill and most vulnerable Americans.  It is a desperate and shameful political move.  The best way to delay Obamacare is to defund it.  Once Congress returns from the August work period, the House should act quickly to pass a continuing resolution that funds the government, but not Obamacare.  It is the only responsible course of action to protect Americans from this ill-conceived and poorly crafted policy before it is too late.
"You mean to suggest that we shouldn't fight simply because we are so afraid of being blamed for it.  This is how we get into this mess.  When we say, 'well were afraid that the other side isn't going to cave, so we have to.'  So we cave, and we cave, and we cave, and we get Obamacare, and we get new entitlement programs that never go away.  This is how we get into trouble.  What we are dealing with here are the lives of individual Americans.  Fifty-seven percent of all Americans believe that Obamacare will make their family's healthcare situation worse, not better.  If we don't do everything we can - even if we think there is a risk that the other side will try to blame something bad on us - then we are not serving the American people.  The fact remains, good politics follow good policy.  Good policy here is to do everything we possibly can to #DefundObamacare."  Share this if you agree:
Obamacare math: Company X has 40 full-time employees working 40 hours per week, along with 20 part-time employees working 15 hours per week. The 20 part-time employees are counted as 10 full-time equivalent employees. Company X has 50 full-time employees and is subject to the employer shared responsibility provisions.  Share this if you agree that we should create jobs and restore economic growth by defunding #Obamacare.
Some opponents of defunding ObamaCare point to a report from the Congressional Research Service that claims a government shutdown would not defund ObamaCare. This report answers a question no one is asking. We all know the government will be funded. The question is whether or not we fund ObamaCare.  Congress controls the power to appropriate funds, so defunding ObamaCare is simple.  The House can add language to the next spending bill, known in Washington as a "continuing resolution," that says Congress will fund all the functions of government — the military, veterans benefits, Social Security, entitlement programs, etc. — except ObamaCare.  After the House passes that bill, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., and Senate Democrats will have a choice: Fund the government or shut it down to protect ObamaCare.  The only responsible choice now is to protect the country from ObamaCare's looming disaster, start over and finally begin work on real health care reform that works for everyone.
Today, I voted against President Obama’s nomination of Samantha Power as Ambassador to the United Nations.  The United Nations is in need of swift and sweeping reform, and I do not believe Ms. Power is the right person to lead this effort.  While the Obama administration has paid lip-service to the idea of UN reform, it has not done nearly enough to fight for the needed changes to end waste, mismanagement, corruption, and bias against the United States and Israel.     The administration has used the United Nations to pursue goals that are controversial and divisive in the United States.  Issues such as environmental regulations, gun rights, and the use of military power should be left to our federal, state, and local governments; not an unaccountable body of international bureaucrats.  These efforts can be seen in the push for ratification of the Law of the Sea Treaty (LOST) and Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD), and the pursuit of the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT).   Such treaties do not provide any economic or security benefits to the United States, and they undermine U.S. sovereignty.   Ms. Power has made a well-known career advocating for the use of American power to intervene in foreign conflicts for humanitarian purposes.  This includes her support of and reported influence on the American intervention in Libya is 2011 and her role as the head of President Obama’s Atrocities Prevention Board.  I opposed the President’s intervention in Libya, and do not believe he had the necessary authorization from Congress to do so.   Ms. Power’s nomination signals the President’s intention to continue using the UN to circumvent Congress on important issues while neglecting the need for effective and wide-ranging reforms.   We can no longer tolerate business-as-usual at the United Nations, and I will continue pushing for the changes needed in the U.S.-U.N relationship.
#Obamacare can only be funded in the next continuing resolution if there are Republicans who vote to fund it.
Those if us who support the effort to #defundobamacare held a press conference outside the U.S. Capitol today.  Remember that Obamacare can only be funded if a small number of Republicans vote to fund it.
"RUSH:  When you say Big Business doesn't have to comply, you're talking about the one-year waiver on the employer mandate?  LEE:  That's correct.  The president's selectively enforcing the law in a way that he doesn't have the authority to do.  RUSH:  Isn't that a tantamount admission that the law's punitive and he doesn't want it to be punitive going into an election?  LEE:  Yes.  It's punitive, so he looked at that aspect of the law that is the most unpopular with those who can afford lobbyists, the most unpopular with those who have contacts that can get into the White House and get an audience, and so that's what he's doing, is he's throwing this bone out there so that he doesn't get attacked as much within the business community and the lobbyist community.  Meanwhile, he's throwing the rest of us out into this wasteland that is the world of Obamacare."  Read the rest of the transcript here:
"We need a new direction. To succeed globally, we need to educate locally."  Like and share if you agree with this op-ed that I co-authored with Senator Rand Paul.
Talking to Rush Limbaugh about the effort to #defundobamacare.
Outside of Washington #Obamacare isn't controversial, it is despised.
We always knew Obamacare was going to be unaffordable.  Now we know it's going to be unfair.  When the president decided not to enforce the employer mandate, he was admitting that the law is not ready to implement.  But instead of protecting all Americans from this train wreck, he's choosing to protect only big business, while unfairly forcing everyone else into Obamacare's unstable and unsound system.  If the president is not ready to implement the law, the American people shouldn't fund it.
Here's a @FoxNewsSunday sneak peak.  Check your local listings to watch the whole segment. #defundobamacare
I will be on Fox News Sunday today to discuss the effort to defund ObamaCare.  Check your local listings for the time.
I was honored to present a posthumous Purple Heart today to Brad Anderson.  In the fall of 1918 his grandfather, Walter Anderson, was wounded in a gas attack while fighting for our country in World War I.  After an extensive effort by Brad and some members of my staff, we were able to locate the required records to verify that Walter Anderson had indeed earned the Purple Heart.  It was an exciting and overwhelming moment to present this award today and officially recognize the sacrifice that Walter Anderson made for our country. #utah #utahgram
Another union opposes ObamaCare:
Add your name to the letter that several of my colleagues and I have sent to Senator Reid to tell him we will not support any continuing resolution that provides funding for ObamaCare: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/dont-fund-it
Today, President Obama - for the eighth time in five years - officially "pivoted" his attention back to the economy.  Here is my response to the speech he delivered:  "There are three great crises in our economy today, each a crisis of fairness and equality - each caused in large part by the very policies President Obama supports.  First, there is the crisis of upward mobility. In America today, people born in poverty are often trapped there. It's not the free market that forces poor kids into underperforming schools, punishes single parents for getting married, and penalizes people for hard work - it's big government.  Second, there is the crisis of cronyism. If the economy seems rigged these days, that's because it is. Big government, big business, and big special interests manipulate the rules to profit at everyone else's expense.  Companies succeed not by serving customers, but politicians and bureaucrats. In Barack Obama's economy, Wall Street gets a bailout, Solyndra-gets a hand out, liberal interests get a carve-out, and everyone else gets left out.  And finally, there is the crisis of the middle class: stagnant wages, inequality, insecurity, and the exploding costs of housing, health care, and education. Contrary to the president's rhetoric, all of the above are directly tied to federal policy.  Wages rise when small businesses grow. But small businesses can't grow when crony capitalism protects large corporations from smaller competitors. And it's not a coincidence that the industries that have seen the worst inflation - housing, health care, and education - are the very industries controlled by government!  It is liberal big government - Barack Obama's government - that today ensnares the poor, privileges the rich, and squeezes the middle class.  It is time for us as Republicans to finally make a pivot of our own. It's time to become once again the Party of Lincoln and Reagan, the party of opportunity, and of ideas."
Happy Pioneer Day to all of the Utahns who are celebrating the day that Brigham Young first entered the salt lake valley and said, "This is the Place."  I am honored to represent the great state of Utah.
The coalition to block and defund ObamaCare is growing.  Share this to keep up the momentum:
I recently went on Mark Levin's show to explain why Republicans in Congress should only vote for a continuing resolution to fund the government that eliminates funding for ObamaCare.  The president has already moved to temporarily protect businesses from the damaging effects of this law.  The number of Republicans in Congress that recognize that all Americans need to be protected from this law is growing.  Please share this if you agree that since the President has admitted that he can't follow his law, then Congress shouldn't fund it.
It’s taken a while for Americans to realize that their emails are not private. The government can gain access to them without warrants after they reach the age of 180 days. And that’s a problem. Senator Leahy and I are trying to fix that with a broad bipartisan effort to fix this and to bring our law back into conformity with the times.
Those of us in Congress who recognize that ObamaCare has serious problems need to put our money where our mouth is and say we are not going to fund it.
The export-import bank, or ex-im as it is commonly known is an example of everything that's wrong with washington today. It is big government serving the interests of big corporations at the expense of individuals, families, and small businesses throughout america.
"Anyone showing this type of willful disregard for the law and ambivalence toward America’s essential principles of democracy should not be considered for a top post in any administration."
Share this if you agree: "Republicans in Congress must now stand up for the individuals and families who do not have the money, lobbyists, and connections to get this Administration’s attention.  And we should do so using one of the few constitutional powers Congress still guards – its power of the purse. As long as President Obama selectively enforces Obamacare, no annual appropriations bill or continuing resolution should fund further implementation of the law.   In other words, if the president won’t follow it, the American people shouldn’t fund it."
I am looking forward to Jell-O Wednesday today.  All are invited to come by my DC office, Senate Hart Building 316, at 3:30 to eat Utah's official state snack with me.
Americans are becoming increasingly concerned about Obamacare as they find out that the promises that were made about this legislation are turning out not to be true.
Should the federal government have to pay local property taxes on the hundreds of millions of acres of land that it owns?
I opened my tele-townhall from Wednesday night with a discussion on the need to defund Obamacare.  You can sign up to participate in future tele-townhalls by clicking this link: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
I opposed the Budget Control Act, the legislation that created the so-called “sequester” which led to the furloughs. Instead, I supported several deficit reduction plans that made targeted cuts to inefficient and wasteful federal programs, as well as reforms that would generate savings by returning certain government functions back to the states. If these measures had been implemented, Congress would have had plenty of time to find responsible spending reductions and make necessary reforms. However, those plans were rejected by the president in favor of allowing the irresponsible across the board Defense cuts to take place.  Even with the sequester in place, President Obama still has discretion to determine where the budget should be cut. But rather than slow the growth of federal spending on programs with lower priorities, the president is choosing to put our national security in jeopardy by threatening high-priority programs and hollowing out our defensive forces, while crippling DOD civilian families who will be seeing a 20 percent reduction in salaries through the end of the fiscal year.
Tonight is the night of my monthly tele-townhall.  If you would like to participate on Facebook, click the following link:
I am encouraged that FBI Director nominee, James Comey, agrees that for 4th Amendment purposes there is no discernible, constitutionally significant distinction between an email that is 179 days and one that is 181 days old:
Delaying the employer mandate and exchange verification rules is the latest and most damning admission by the administration that ObamaCare was poorly crafted, remains unworkable, and, if implemented, will hurt American families, businesses, and our economy. The only solution is to fully repeal ObamaCare and start over with a more sensible, practical approach to fix our health care system.   Short of full repeal, however, those of us who care about the health care and security of the American people still have a duty to act. If the president has decided he won't enforce his law as it is written, then Congress should not fund any further implementation of it at all.
Highlights from Senator Lee's 2013 Independence Day celebrations.
The Declaration of Independence, the founding charter of our nation, is one the greatest assertions of human rights and dignity ever written. Its moral argument for liberty, equality and responsibility rings as true today as did in 1776.  Properly considered, independence, liberty and equality are not simply moral principles; they are moral challenges. So you're free — what are you going to do with your freedom?  This is a question I hope we can contemplate as we celebrate our freedom today.
The American people deserve the same protection as businesses.  I am planning to introduce legislation when we get back in session next week to delay Obamacare for individuals too.
"The Founders knew that, over time, either the people would control the government or the government would control the people."
Read and share the letter I signed with 25 other senators that was sent to Director of National Intelligence Clapper to ask him to publicly provide information about how secret government surveillance programs have exposed how secret interpretations of the USA PATRIOT Act have allowed for the bulk collection of massive amounts of data on the communications of ordinary Americans with no connection to wrong-doing.
Watch the latest hearing I had with Interior Secretary, Sally Jewell.  We discussed ways to improve public land management in Utah.
I just voted no on final passage for the Gang of 8 comprehensive immigration reform bill.
I delivered a floor speech earlier today to explain why I will be voting against the #Gangof8 bill.  Here is the Twitter version of this speech.  If you are on Twitter you can help me spread the message about the problems with this bill.
As a proponent of immigration reform, my problem has been sequencing and the fact that it's not a good idea to try to attack the entire problem at once. That's how you end up with a 1,200-page bill.
I will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow to discuss the immigration bill.  Be sure to tune in.
It's interesting when I have individuals and groups come through my office telling me they'd like me to support this bill, I ask them, of course, why. Inevitably, they'll point to usually just one or two of the countless provisions in this thousand-page bill.  It's almost always because of one very discrete component they like. Perhaps they like the high-skilled visa reform. Perhaps they like the low-skilled visa reform. Perhaps they like some piece here or there. But it's always one or two, very discrete provisions. That's what causes them to say, “I want you to vote for this thousand-page bill.”  Inevitably I will ask them have you read the whole bill? If you haven't read the whole bill have you at least studied the whole bill, studied each of the constituent parts? Have you studied the implications of all the other provisions you'd be asking me to vote for? Inevitably, the answer is no.
Share this if you think Senator Reid runs the Senate more like a banana republic as opposed to running it like the constitutional republic envisioned by our founders.  "I find it repugnant to the system of government under which we are supposed to be operating. I find it even repugnant to Article 6 of the Constitution, which makes it clear that there's one kind of constitutional amendment that is never appropriate. You can't amend the Constitution to deny any state its equal representation in the Senate. And if at any moment we end up with a situation in which we have second-class senators, senators that may commit and propose for debate and discussion and a vote, an amendment, and if we have to go to the majority leader and say 'mother, may I,' then perhaps we have lost something. Perhaps we have lost the environment in which each of the states were supposed to receive equal representation."
Megyn Kelly: So what is it about the Corker/Hoeven amendment that does not yet satisfy you?  Me: Well, I have yet to see the text of it.
The conflict in Syria has been going on for over two years, yet there are many questions surrounding the composition and goals of Syrian opposition groups and the interests of U.S. national security that need answers.  Any military involvement in Syria, including the arming of Syrian rebels, needs to be authorized through Congress, where concerns can be publicly debated and the American people can have a say. We have to ensure that we are not arming extremist groups who seek to cause chaos in the region and harm the United States and our allies. The long-term objectives of increased involvement in Syria are vague, as are the necessary commitments and costs.The United States cannot be involved in more nation building in the Middle East.
Learn more about how the Republican members of the Gang of 8 are joining with the Democrats to block meaningful improvements to the comprehensive immigration reform bill.
I enjoyed speaking to the "Audit the IRS" rally today in Washington.  I am planning to discuss the rally tonight on Greta.  You can tune into Fox News at 10:10 p.m. EST to watch.
Congress should have to approve DHS border security plans. Cutting out Congress means cutting out American people.
Republican and Democratic administrations have failed to enforce our immigration laws and secure our border.  I introduced Amendment 1208 to the immigration bill to require fast-track congressional approval of DHS border security plans.    Opponents of my amendment have argued that they would be unwilling to rely on a majority of Congress to approve the border security plan as a condition for allowing the Registered Provisional Immigrant period to open and to proceed. But has it ever occurred to them that it might be precisely because the majority of Americans won't approve the border security plan, or at least that they might not approve of it? Or perhaps it's not a good idea to move forward on sweeping new policies that will affect generations to come without the support of the American people?   It is, after all, the American people who have to deal with the consequences of a dangerous and unsecured border. They will have to deal with cross-border violence. They will have to deal with the heartbreaking stories of human trafficking. They will have to deal with the drugs that are imported in to their communities. They will have to deal with the economic effects and the added costs of public services associated with an ongoing unsecure border. Therefore, it is the American people who should be the ones who get to say whether or not the border is secure, not the unelected unaccountable bureaucrats who have a long track record of failing fully to implement objectives established by Congress embodied in law.
The president announced today that he intends to further reduce America's nuclear arsenal below the levels set by the New START Treaty.  I am disappointed by the president's lack of transparency to Congress and the American people in this process.  The Senate was only notified of this major strategic decision the evening before it was announced to the world, despite numerous questions from senators about nuclear modernization, the implementation of New START, and the status of U.S-Russia talks that have remained unanswered for months.  Only three years ago, we were told that the force level required under New START was precisely what we needed for our nuclear deterrent.  It is unclear what has changed since then, but the world is certainly not a safer place.
I had several people submit questions through Crowdhall that I answered during my last tele-townhall.  Here is a response to one of those questions.
"If we are going to have military involvement in Syria, there needs to be an act of Congress authorizing that. Unlike the quasi notice that congress was given when we went to Libya, where it was sort of a drive-by, after-the-fact notification of four members of Congress."
Our servicemen and women put their lives on the line everyday in order to protect our constitutionally guaranteed rights, including the expression of our beliefs.  Congress must ensure that we are protecting them as well.
Here is a version of my last tele-townhall where each question is broken down into its own video clip:
There is wide support in Congress for updating privacy laws for electronic communications:  "Whether they occur online or offline, our private communications should be protected. And that’s why we, a bipartisan group of representatives — Kevin Yoder (R-Kansas), Tom Graves (R-Georgia), and Jared Polis (D-Colorado) — have come together to introduce the Email Privacy Act. We’ve already gained a bipartisan group of 94 co-sponsors, and pleased to join with our colleagues in the Senate, Senators Patrick Leahy and Mike Lee, who are pushing companion legislation that would modernize the ECPA.  Simply put, this bipartisan legislation would affirm what most Americans already assume — and have every constitutional right to believe — that their privacy is protected from unwarranted government intrusion."
I joined Senator David Vitter and several other colleagues today in sending a letter to President Obama to announce our opposition to any national monument designations that don't receive approval from Congress.    Unilateral monument designations are a direct affront to democracy. At the very least, Congress should have to approve the designations because the people’s representatives are better situated to know whether or not the citizens of a state approve of or oppose the designation.  Monument designations under this administration deserve particular scrutiny.  After revelations that the IRS targeted political opponents of the president before the last election, we are now hearing that far-left environmental groups are expecting rewards for their support of the president.  Lands are not the spoils of political battles.  How public land can and cannot be used directly affects the local and state economy, and the ability to fund things like education and infrastructure improvements.
If you were unable to attend my tele-townhall last night, you can watch a recording online.  We focused on immigration, and there were a lot of great questions:
My monthly tele-townhall will be starting in just a few minutes.  You can click the link below to participate on Facebook.
Aside from taking inadequate steps to secure the border, the "Gang of 8" immigration proposal has several other problems.  It diminishes Congressional oversight over how the reforms will be implemented.  The bill surrenders control of immigration law to the Secretary of Homeland Security and other unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats.  This bill is inherently unfair to the many who have tried to navigate our current broken immigration system.  Also, supporters of this bill have refused to do a cost analysis of this bill, and taxpayers deserve to understand what the costs of these reforms will be.    I am well aware that if this bill does not pass the Senate, we will still have an immigration problem the very next day.  That’s why I have been encouraging Members of Congress to support a step-by-step approach to immigration reform.  Let’s not hold hostage the things we can get done today because we are unable to iron out every contentious issue.    There are more than 40 individual pieces of immigration-related legislation that have been introduced in this congress alone – half of which I have sponsored, cosponsored or could support.  The only reason immigration reform is controversial is because the Senate refuses to take it step by step.
I voted against proceeding to the Gang of Eight immigration bill.  There are many important immigration reforms that could pass with bipartisan support through both houses of Congress if we were to adopt a step-by-step approach.  Those who have read the comprehensive immigration reform bill know that this legislation doesn't live up to the hype of its talking points.  As the Senate debates this bill on the floor, the American people will become informed of its many problems.  If you have questions about this bill or immigration reform in general, I invite you to participate in my Crowdhall event:
Read and share my latest op-ed that explains why I think the only way to truly reform our immigration system is through a step-by-step process: http://www.deseretnews.com/article/765631727/The-Gang-of-Eight-bill-is-an-immigration-version-of-Obamacare.html
I joined Senator Jeff Merkley to introduce a bill which will declassify certain substantive legal interpretations made by a secretive surveillance court without jeopardizing national security.    In order to preserve the power of the people to monitor and prevent government abuses of power, we need robust Congressional oversight.
For my tele-townhall that is coming up on Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. EST, I am soliciting questions through Crowdhall.  Crowdhall is an online tool that let's you submit questions and vote for the questions you would like to see answered. I am specifically looking for your questions about immigration reform, but you are welcome to submit questions on any topic.  Click the link below if you want to participate in this event.  This tool will also work the best if you invite your friends to participate, so I hope you will spread the word.
"Like the president's health care law, the 'gang' bill was negotiated in secret by insiders and special interests, who then essentially offered it to Congress as a take-it-or-leave-it proposition. It grants broad new powers to the same executive branch that today is mired in scandal for incompetence and abuse of power. Total cost estimates are in the trillions. And rather than fix our current immigration problems, the bill makes many of them worse.  "However well-intentioned, the 'Gang of Eight' bill is just an immigration version of Obamacare.  "That is why true immigration reform must be pursued step by step, with individual reform measures implemented and verified in the proper sequence. Happily for immigration reformers like me, this appears to be the approach being pursued by the House of Representatives. It is the only one that makes sense."
"We are being presented with a choice between the Gang of eight bill, or nothing.  Common sense, recent history, and the ongoing legislative process of the House of Representatives confirms that is a false choice.   There is another way, a more sensible and successful way.  We can do better than another thousand-page mistake. Haven’t we learned our lesson? Isn’t it time we tried?   Rather than fix our current immigration problems, the Gang of Eight bill will make many of them worse. It is not immigration reform. It is big government dysfunction."
I recommend the latest op-ed by Senator Rand Paul, on the NSA cell phone surveillance.    I agree with Senator Paul's sentiment in this statement: "If the president and Congress would simply obey the fourth amendment, this new shocking revelation that the government is now spying on citizens' phone data en masse would never have happened. That I have to keep reintroducing the fourth amendment – and that a majority of senators keep voting against it – is a good reflection of the arrogance that dominates Washington."
"The abuses resulting from this court order illustrate the reasons why I have opposed, and continue to oppose, controversial provisions of the Patriot Act and the FISA Amendments Act that are inconsistent with the Fourth Amendment"
Today, I introduced legislation to repeal the authority of the Export-Import Bank of the United States and create a defined process for the phasedown of the bank.  Justin Amash introduced companion legislation in the House of Representatives.  The Export-Import Bank is a source of corporate welfare that puts taxpayers at unnecessary risk.  Instead of subsidizing exports, which encourages an international corporate subsidy bidding war, we should be using multilateral agreements to eliminate business subsidies in all nations.  The Ex-Im Bank has outlived its usefulness and it’s time to end the Bank’s market distortion and political cronyism.
The NSA surveillance of Verizon cell phone data illustrates why I voted against the Patriot Act and the FISA Amendments Act Reauthorization.  Please share this if you think the government should have to get a warrant to access your private information.  This video is a floor speech I delivered almost 2 years ago to join Senator Rand Paul to share our concerns about the erosion of Americans' Fourth Amendment rights.
Recent reports indicate that two IRS employees who are overseeing the implementation of Obamacare were put on administrative leave for accepting lavish gifts at a conference.  The IRS is out of control, and it is time to rein in the power this agency has.  I invite you to read the two page piece of legislation that I recently introduced that would gut the expansion of IRS power that resulted from the passage of Obamacare: http://www.scribd.com/doc/145950161/S-560-Individual-Mandate-Shall-Not-Be-Construed-as-a-Tax
Read and share the letter I signed along with fellow Judiciary Committee members, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Chuck Grassley, and Senator Jeff Sessions, to express our concerns with the comprehensive immigration reform bill to our colleagues.  We don't have to pass another thousand-page bill full of loopholes, carve-outs, and unintended consequences in order to reform our broken immigration system.
Today President Obama announced three additional nominations to the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.  The D.C. Circuit is among the most important federal appellate courts in the country, but it is also one of the least busy.  For this reason, both Democrats and Republicans have long agreed that the D.C. Circuit does not need additional judges.  In fact, in 2006, a group of Democratic Senators sent a letter strongly arguing against filling an available seat on the D.C. Circuit.  That letter stated that an additional nominee "should under no circumstances be considered—much less confirmed—before we first address the very need for that judgeship."  In 2006, Democrats refused to consider the nomination of Peter Keisler—an eminently qualified nominee who enjoyed bipartisan support—for an open seat on the D.C. Circuit.  Since that time, the D.C. Circuit’s caseload has decreased, making additional judges even less necessary for that court.  For this reason, I am an original cosponsor of S.699, the Court Efficiency Act, which will reallocate unneeded judgeships from the D.C. Circuit to other federal appellate courts whose caseloads are many times higher.  The President’s refusal to respect Senate precedent regarding the D.C. Circuit and his opposition to legislation that would distribute judgeships to courts that actually need them makes clear that today’s nominations are nothing more than a political ploy to advance a partisan agenda.
There were several questions about immigration reform during my last tele-townhall.  My next tele-townhall will happen on Wed. June 12 @ 7:00 p.m. MST.  You can sign up to participate here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Private First Class Cody J. Towse, one of Utah's finest, was killed last week when his patrol was hit by an improvised explosive device in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.  I would like to thank PFC Towse for his honorable service in defense of the Constitution and our freedom.  I would like to convey my condolences and profound gratitude to Cody's parents, Jim and Jamie, his brothers Will and Christian, and his sister Callan.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you.  It is my solemn hope that we will always remember the tremendous sacrifice, laid upon the altar of freedom, of our brave soldiers and their families.
Should the OMB be required to track and report the billions of dollars that we send to the U.N. each year?
This is more footage of the floor debate from last week where Senator Rand Paul, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Marco Rubio, and I justified our efforts to prevent the budget conference report from being used to increase the debt ceiling.
We don’t face just one big immigration problem, our immigration system is a complex puzzle with dozens of interconnected parts and pieces, and some reforms must be completed before others can begin.  For this reason, a comprehensive bill will likely make the problem worse.
Everyone needs to read and share this op-ed by Jonathan Turley about the rise and growth of the administrative state.  Many will read this article and wonder what can be done to reverse this disturbing trend.  A good start would be for Congress to stop passing laws like the Gang of 8 comprehensive immigration reform bill that enlarge and empower the administrative state.  Here are some relevant passages:   "Our carefully constructed system of checks and balances is being negated by the rise of a fourth branch, an administrative state of sprawling departments and agencies that govern with increasing autonomy and decreasing transparency.   "[...] This exponential growth has led to increasing power and independence for agencies. The shift of authority has been staggering. The fourth branch now has a larger practical impact on the lives of citizens than all the other branches combined.  "The rise of the fourth branch has been at the expense of Congress’s lawmaking authority. In fact, the vast majority of 'laws' governing the United States are not passed by Congress but are issued as regulations, crafted largely by thousands of unnamed, unreachable bureaucrats. One study found that in 2007, Congress enacted 138 public laws, while federal agencies finalized 2,926 rules, including 61 major regulations."
NA
What does $50,000 mean to you?  If we don't balance the federal budget, in ten years each American household's share of the national debt will increase by $50,000.  You can visit http://www.lee.senate.gov/my50k to share what you would rather do with the $50,000 that Washington wants to spend for you.
I hope you have all had an enjoyable weekend. May we remember those who have died in service to our nation on this Memorial Day as well as family members and friends who have past away.  I also think we would do well to spend some time remembering the principles, freedoms and liberties so many have fought to defend.  By taking a few moments to properly remember and revere those who have “given the last full measure of true devotion,” we may just remember what unites us as a nation.
"For sixty-two days, several of my colleagues and I have objected to the majority’s request for unanimous consent to circumvent regular order to go to conference with the House on the budget.  They want permission to skip a few steps in the process, and jump straight to the closed-door back-room meetings.   There, senior negotiators of the House and Senate will be free to wait until a convenient, artificial deadline and ram through their compromise – un-amended, un-debated and mostly un-read.   And with the country backed up against another economic 'cliff' crisis, we are concerned they will exploit that opportunity to sneak a debt-limit increase into the budget."
I joined Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate Floor today to explain why we object to sending the budget to a conference report.  We will lift our objections as soon as Democrats provide assurances that they won't use this process to increase the debt limit:
Will the Democrats give us an assurance that they're not going to use the budget conference report to raise the debt limit?
"Obamacare? Expanded gun background checks? Comprehensive immigration reform? They’re all based on competent collection and ethical use of personal information coerced from the American people by the federal bureaucracy.  Today it’s your 501(c)4 application; tomorrow it’s your medical records.  Rather than chasing mid-level scapegoats, conservatives – especially elected conservatives – should be communicating the lessons of the Obama scandals to delay, defund, and repeal Obamacare, and to cut the huge Gang of Eight immigration bill down to a series of smaller, manageable, incremental reforms."
"When the IRS can harass tea-party groups, when the Department of Justice can monitor reporters’ conversations, when the EPA can adopt double standards for ideological allies and opponents, when Health and Human Services regulators can openly extort the businesses they regulate — in short, when there is no accountability — we are no longer citizens but subjects."
"This isn't about one particular person. It's not necessarily even about one particular party, although one party is in control of government right now and it's certainly to blame for what happened here. But this is bigger than that. When our federal government gets to be something that spends $4 trillion a year, it's unmanageable. This is one of the few moments I find myself agreeing with something david axelrod has said. He said yesterday that the federal government is just too vast for any one person, including the president of the united states, to be able to control. That means it's time to ramp it down. That means it's time to simplify. That means what we have is too dangerous to be trusted."
Today the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit became the 2nd court to rule that President Obama violated the Constitution by making "recess appointments" when the Senate was not actually in recess.  Please share this if you think it is time for the President to stop ignoring the Constitution:
I was joined by Senator Ted Cruz today as we expressed support for my resolution that governments at all levels have a compelling interest in preventing and punishing the practice of late-term abortions under unsafe, unsanitary, and illegal circumstances.
Help me share this: "The ballooning Obama scandals – IRS, HHS, DOJ, EPA – are not really about character or competence, but the danger of big government itself.  The more power any government has, the more power it will abuse. The more money it spends, the more money it will mis-spend. Dysfunction and corruption grow on government like mold on otherwise perfectly good bread."
I joined several colleagues and several groups that were targeted by the IRS auditing scandal to speak out against this abuse of government power.
Today I was honored to attend the National Peace Officers Memorial service at the U.S. Capitol with members of Ogden City law enforcement, Ogden city officials, and members of Officer Jared Francom's family. We owe a debt of gratitude to those who put their life on the line to protect our communities.
It would be a mistake for Republicans to view the latest IRS scandal as a typical partisan squabble between political parties.  The real lesson is that our massive federal government bureaucracy is inherently dysfunctional, corrupt, and intolerant regardless of who is in charge.  The IRS is a powerful agency that can influence nearly every decision Americans make through its authority to tax and regulate.  It is one of the primary beneficiaries of our out-of-control spending and runaway debt. Organizations and individuals that promote fiscal responsibility, balanced budgets, greater government accountability, and more local autonomy present a threat to the federal expansion that gives the IRS its power.  It should not come as a surprise, then, that the culture of the IRS would promote enhanced scrutiny of these groups.  At its core, the IRS scandal is not the result of one political party attacking another. It is the inevitable consequence of a federal government that has gotten too big and too expensive to control.  When an agency like the IRS can single out Tea Party groups; or the Department of Justice can monitor reporters’ conversations; or HHS regulators can openly extort the regulated; and there are no consequences – we are no longer citizens but subjects.   While it is important we get answers about how and why these groups were targeted by the IRS, firing a few employees will not solve the problem.  The long-term solution is for the American people to demand that government be less involved, less intrusive, and therefore less able to carry out these kinds of abuses.
Great op-ed by Senator Ted Cruz. "Simply put, a government that systematically misleads its people threatens the underpinnings of our democracy."
This is a good article about the letter I wrote with Senator Ted Cruz and Senator Lindsey Graham to Chuck Hagel to request that he honor the religious freedom of our service members:  "I know religious community, worship opportunities, prayer and access to pastoral care are key to the resilience of our war fighters and directly affects their capability to carry out the mission bestowed upon them by their country. That is why I am so disturbed and appalled at what appears to be an increasing effort to restrict the free exercise of religion within the military and completely secularize the public square.  The situation has become so serious last week that Republican Sens. Mike Lee, Ted Cruz and Lindsey Graham felt compelled to send a letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel imploring him to ensure that our military members’ freedom to express religious beliefs be protected. They did this in response to recent reports that one or more of the armed services may be considering changing regulations to severely restrict that right."
The Gosnell case has always been about more than one man. It’s about an unaccountable industry that for too long has preyed upon the vulnerable and the innocent. We must take steps in coming months and years to end the decades of corruption and violence in America's late-term abortion industry. Whatever our views on abortion rights, we can all agree no one has the right to operate an unsanitary, unsafe abortion clinic, and government at all levels has a compelling interest in protecting innocent women and children from anyone who would.
The IRS audit scandal should not be dismissed as just another conflict between left and right; it is a conflict between the federal government and the American people, who -- regardless of their political leanings -- should be free to exercise their constitutionally protected rights without fear of political retribution from the world's most powerful tax-collection agency:
I share the outrage that many have expressed concerning the recent news that the IRS has been deliberately targeting conservative organizations for exercising their 1st Amendment freedom-of-association rights.  I support any efforts that will shed light on this deplorable abuse of power.  I agree with the concerns Senator Ted Cruz has expressed about the broad powers that have been extended to the IRS in enforcing Obamacare.  In addition, I would like to remind you, your friends, the friends of your friends and anyone else you can share this with that I recently introduced a law to update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act to prevent agencies like the IRS from accessing your private, personal emails without a warrant.  The actions of the IRS suggest an unfortunate reality that power-hungry federal agencies need constant oversight to ensure that they are not undermining your Constitutional rights.  I invite everyone to watch and share this clip about reforming ECPA and protecting your 4th Amendment rights:
My monthly tele-townhall meeting will be starting shortly.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking the following link:
It is difficult to imagine why anyone would object to a non-binding resolution calling on Congress to investigate the alleged disturbing, horrific, and illegal abortion practices committed by Kermit Gosnell and others.
Should Senator Ted Cruz be considered a "bully" for blocking Senator Reid from authorizing a secret back room budget deal that could have increased taxes or increased the debt ceiling?
The facts of the Gosnell case are disturbing and heartbreaking.  It should be a wake-up call to all Americans. The lack of oversight at abortion facilities puts women’s lives at risk and leads to the kind of unconscionable practices we have seen recently.  The Senate should formally recognize that this is a problem in our country and we have a responsibility to investigate the causes, review the effects of certain public policies, and determine what we can do to prevent any woman from being subjected to these reprehensible practices again.
This opinion editorial by Jeff Hunsaker, provides some excellent analysis of why we need to update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act to ensure the privacy of our online communications:   "Unfortunately, as the Internet becomes a more central part of our lives, attempts to regulate it have often been ill conceived and harmful. Right now, outdated legislation crafted in Washington, D.C., threatens to suffocate this climate of innovation, jeopardizing local businesses and countless jobs in the process.  The Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) should be of particular concern to not only the tech industry in Utah, but to all Americans. Technology has made significant advancements since ECPA was signed into law in 1986, and yet the act remains largely unchanged. As the law currently stands, authorities only need a subpoena, not a warrant, to look at private information stored in the cloud after the information has been accessible for 180 days. As such, the law in its current state fails to ensure that certain forms of modern communication, most notably emails, are granted the privacy protections guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. This is in no way a challenge to law enforcement, but an attempt to amend the ECPA such that it creates a win win for all logical parties."
My latest op-ed in the Deseret News explains my position on immigration reform.  "Trying to fix all the problems at once is the surest way to avoid fixing any of them well. Few legislators — and perhaps fewer citizens — actually understand everything in such bills. And no one can even pretend to comprehend all the moving pieces and how they will actually work in practice. Such wide-ranging legislation inevitably produces a host of unforeseen effects and unintended consequences."
"Last night, the Senate passed legislation by unanimous consent that clarifies the FAA’s ability to responsibly implement sequester spending reductions.  This bill ensures that the FAA can adopt a 'Cut this, not that' approach to prioritize its spending at a time when all agencies can and should be finding areas of wasteful, non-essential spending to eliminate from their budgets."
Here is Wired's coverage of the Leahy-Lee Electronic Communications Privacy Amendments Act that passed out of the Judiciary Committee today.
If anyone gets any good pictures of the Y on Y Mountain tonight as it is lit up for graduation, tweet them to @SenMikeLee.  I want to show them to Joe Manchin, since he had questions about the Y in this committee hearing today.
Government agencies like the IRS believe they don't need a warrant to access personal emails that have been stored for longer than 180 days.  Today the Judiciary Committee favorably reported legislation that I have coauthored with Senator Patrick Leahy to protect the privacy of emails, texts, and social media posts. You can learn more about the Electronic Communications Privacy Amendments Act here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/4/senate-judiciary-committee-approves-leahy-lee-electronic-communications-privacy-amendments-act
Even after the sequester cuts, the FAA still has $9.2 billion  to work with to cover the $6.5 billion they need to prevent air traffic controller furloughs and control tower closures.
 
 http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324874204578438913145965432.html
I am delivering a speech at The Heritage Foundation at Noon EST today.  The speech will be about "What Conservatives are For."  You can listen here:
The FBI has asked Americans for help with identifying these suspects.  Spread the word.
Many Americans in Boston and West, TX are suffering in the aftermath of unimaginable tragedies.  I join a nation that is united in prayer for those who have been affected.
I voted no on the Toomey/Manchin background check amendment to the gun control bill.  This amendment failed to reach the required 60 vote threshold.  I would like to thank all who have added their voice to protect the 2nd Amendment and defeat this gun control proposal.
"Gun-control advocates point to polls that show support for expanding background checks. But members of Congress do not get to vote on broad poll questions. They have to vote on specific legislation. If we are trying to minimize the burden on law abiding gun owners while taking significant steps to prevent the next Sandy Hook, the Toomey-Manchin amendment fails both elements of that test."
The Senate will be voting on several amendments to the gun control bill today.  I appreciate all who have added their voice to protect the 2nd Amendment.  If you haven't added your voice yet, now is the time to make yourself heard.
It is predicted that the comprehensive immigration reform bill will be at least 1500 pages.  I strongly encourage my colleagues to read the bill and then decide whether this reform will accomplish what proponents are promising.
From my appearance yesterday on Meet the Press:  "Toomey/Manchin does contain some carve-outs. But we know that today's carve-outs are tomorrow's loopholes. And that's of concern to us. This bill, I believe, would do more to limit the rights of the law-abiding than it would to actually prevent violent crime. And that's why I can't support it."
Last Thursday the Senate voted to proceed to debate a bill that wasn't available for us to review at the time.  Next week the Senate will move forward with debating the gun control legislation.  I will keep you updated on the proceedings.  I will also continue to look for ways to ensure that the voices of those who want to protect the 2nd Amendment become an important part of this debate: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
A little after 6:00 p.m. EST last night, my office received the completed language of the Toomey-Manchin background check amendment to the gun control bill.  As this language will become the core focus of the debate over gun control that will happen over the coming days, the Senate should have waited until this language was available before holding any votes on this legislation.  I have included a link to this legislation on the Protect 2A page of my website, and I invite everyone who wants to be part of this debate to go review this bill and submit your feedback through the Protect 2A page:
The Senate is voting now on a gun control bill that senators haven't been able to read yet.
Do the American people "deserve a vote" in the Senate for legislation we haven't seen yet?  “I think people should have the opportunity to vote if they know what they’re voting on,” Begich said in an interview with the News-Miner. “I might be one of those that at the end of the day that doesn’t vote for cloture, because anyone can talk about amendments, but we haven’t seen one of them yet.”
During the  Mark Levin show this evening we discussed the thousands of Americans who have added their voice to protect the 2nd Amendment.  Shortly thereafter, my Senate site was flooded with so much traffic that it crashed the server.  The site should be up now, and I apologize to those who tried to submit their entries during this time.  I hope you will still visit the site and add your voice to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
My tele-townhall, has just started.  You can participate on Facebook by clicking this link: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
I will do everything I can to ensure that the voices of those who want to protect the 2nd Amendment are heard in Washington.  Add your voice to the cause: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
I will be holding my monthly tele-townhall tonight at 7:00 p.m. MST (9:00 p.m. EST).  If you haven't signed up to participate in these events, you can participate online with this link: http://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
I am headed to the Senate floor right now to share some of the submissions from those who have already added their voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment.  The millions of Americans who understand the need to protect the 2nd Amendment need to add their voice.  I need your help to spread the word: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
The debate to protect the 2nd Amendment in the Senate is happening now.  I delivered this speech today in defense of the 2nd Amendment.  I will be returning to the floor later today to read many of the submissions of those who have added their voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment.  If you haven't added your voice yet, you can do so here: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
Listen to Senator Ted Cruz defend the Constitution and the 2nd Amendment.
These have been flooding into my website all day, and I look forward to receiving more.  Americans understand the importance of the 2nd Amendment, and they are extremely skeptical towards any effort that would restrict these rights: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
I would like to thank all of those who have added their voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment.  Senator Reid has announced that he will file the motion to proceed to consider deeply flawed gun control legislation this evening.  Now is the time to add your voice: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
Here is a list of the bipartisan group of 50 Senators who recently voted to require 67 votes for any bill that restricts 2nd Amendment Rights.  Add your voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
"Just recently, 50 senators, including six Democrats, voted to require a supermajority to pass any new gun legislation.    If the president believes there have been no votes or debate on gun control in recent weeks, I’d ask him to take note of what is going on in the country.  Our effort to require a 60 vote threshold is an attempt to facilitate greater debate about the specific piece of legislation that will come to the Senate floor.  By objecting to the motion to proceed, we guarantee that the Senate and the American people have at least three additional days to assess and evaluate exactly how this particular bill will affect the rights of law-abiding citizens and whether it will have any significant impact on crime.    The president again is trying to rush legislation through Congress because he knows that as Americans begin to find out what is in the bill, they will oppose it.  Our job in Congress is to do everything in our power to ensure the public understands these bills and how these bills affect their rights as citizens.”
SHARE THIS with your friends and family. The universal background check legislation we are considering in the Senate doesn't explicitly create a national firearm registry.  It just authorizes Eric Holder to create one.  Add your voice to the filibuster to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
Yesterday Senator McConnell announced that he would be joining the effort to protect the 2nd Amendment. Although it sounds good on the surface, the gun control legislation that is currently under consideration in the Senate is problematic. A filibuster will provide the American people the extra time they need to understand what is contained in these bills and defeat an aggressive effort to infringe their right to bear arms. Add your voice to the effort to protect the 2nd Amendment: http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/protect-2a
We now have 13 senators who have signed our letter to protect the 2nd Amendment. I am encouraged by the increasing number of senators who are recognizing the threats that current gun control proposals create for our 2nd Amendment rights. These proposals serve primarily to limit the rights of law-abiding citizens, while doing little – if anything – to reduce violent crimes. Senators have an obligation both to uphold the Constitution and to promote solutions that effectively address national problems. The current gun control proposals fail both tests.
Margaret Thatcher was an inspirational leader, who will be remembered as one of Great Britain's finest prime ministers.  My thoughts and prayers go out to her family, her countrymen, and all who were inspired by her leadership.
The momentum to protect the 2nd Amendment continues to build.
The universal background check bill that we are debating in the Senate doesn't keep guns out of the hands of criminals, it potentially turns every law-abiding American with a gun in their hand into a criminal.   As Americans learn more about what gun control advocates mean when they say "universal background check," the more Americans will recognize that these proposals punish and restrict the freedom of law-abiding citizens.  Please share this article with your friends and family members who have been led to believe that the universal background check proposals we are considering in the Senate don't violate their individual liberty.  They do violate your liberty, while doing nothing to keep guns out of the hands of criminals.
The White House that is closed for tours to the general public is still open for A-list celebrities.  Meanwhile, the administration is using the sequester to cut cancer treatment for Medicare patients. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/04/03/cancer-clinics-are-turning-away-thousands-of-medicare-patients-blame-the-sequester/
Like and share this article by Senator Marco Rubio that explains his opposition to the gun control proposals that have been proposed in the Senate.   From the article: "Washington’s primary role is to protect the rights of law-abiding citizens, not to restrict them in pursuit of political agendas that, by their own admission, don’t actually solve the problem they set out to fix in the first place.  When they began their current terms, the president and members of Congress swore an oath to protect the entire Constitution, including the Second Amendment. This includes defending parts of it that they – for whatever reason – may disagree with. We don’t get to pick and choose which parts we’d like to protect, nor do we get to recast the intentions of the original text to fit our own ideologies."
The fight to protect the 2nd Amendment is escalating on several fronts. Fortunately, enough Senators support Sen. Jerry Moran's S. Con. Res. 7, which would prevent the ratification of the UN Arms Trade Treaty. I have joined 34 of my colleagues to signal to President Obama that the Senate won't be complicit in his efforts to undermine our Constitutionally protected rights and our sovereignty through international treaties.
Like and share if you agree: "What's wrong with a universal background check?  In a word: everything.  First, it won't work. The federal government has trouble delivering the mail. It literally can't keep its trains (Amtrak) running on time. It wastes hundreds of billions of dollars every year.  There is no reason to believe a government $17 trillion in debt has the competence to cast a net of paperwork that will catch every single gun sale in a country of 300 million people and 300 million firearms. And even that ignores the fact — always inconvenient when designing gun laws — that armed criminals don't obey laws in the first place.  The only way to make a universal background-check system come close to working is to create a national database capturing ownership information of every single gun in the country.  To track all the gun sales, you first have to track all the guns. Otherwise it won't work.  And this is the crux of the problem.  The federal government has no right to surveil innocent citizens exercising their constitutional rights."
"Their approach is carefully orchestrated, and they are operating on the premise that taking a principled constitutional stand with a little dramatic flair will rally people to their cause. Properly executed, they hope the upcoming filibuster will refocus the gun-control debate, which has been mired in technical details, on the meaning of the Second Amendment. "
Sharon and I would like to wish a Happy Easter to all who are celebrating today.  May you all have a peaceful and joyous day with your loved ones.
In this video clip I further explain my reasoning for opposing the gun control measures that have been introduced in the Senate.    The point I make in this statement about universal background checks is important.  A universal background check system cannot fully function without a national gun registry.  The federal government has no business creating massive surveillance programs to monitor how Americans choose to exercise their Constitutionally guaranteed rights.  The federal government has no business monitoring where and how often you go to church.  It has no business monitoring what books, magazines, and newspapers you read.  It also has no business monitoring the lawful exercise of your 2nd Amendment rights.  The Constitution was written to maximize the convenience of government.  It was written to protect individual liberty.
Please share this post with your friends and family if you agree that the gun control debate is about more than magazine clips and pistol grips. It is about the purpose of the Second Amendment and why our constitutionally protected right to self-defense is an essential part of self-government.  Last week during the vote on the budget, a bipartisan group of 50 senators voted for an amendment I introduced to require a 67 vote threshold to pass legislation that would restrict 2nd Amendment rights.  This amendment was defeated, but it signaled that there is bipartisan support for protecting the 2nd Amendment.  Since that time the momentum has been building in the Senate to prevent the passage of gun control legislation in the Senate that would restrict the rights of law-abiding gun owners.  It is up to the American people to ensure that this momentum continues to build.  I will continue to work with Senators Paul, Cruz, Rubio, and Inhofe to increase the number of senators in both parties who support our effort to prevent the passage of this legislation.
According to Senator Marco Rubio, "We should look for ways to keep firearms out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill prone to misusing them, but I oppose legislation that will be used as a vehicle to impose new Second Amendment restrictions on responsible, law-abiding gun owners."
From the release:  “The proposals the president is calling for Congress to pass would primarily serve to reduce the constitutionally protected rights of law-abiding citizens while having little or no effect on violent crime,” said Senator Lee, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. “It is deeply unfortunate that he continues to use the tragedy at Newtown as a backdrop for pushing legislation that would have done nothing to prevent that horrible crime.”  “Along with my colleagues Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas, I have informed the Majority Leader that we will exercise our procedural right to require a 60-vote threshold in order to bring any of the president’s proposals to the floor.  We have done this for three reasons:  “First, as we saw last week with a vote on my amendment to establish a two-thirds requirement for the passage of any new gun legislation, virtually all Republicans and at least six Democrats believe that new gun legislation should have overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate before it becomes law.  “Second, this debate is about more than magazine clips and pistol grips. It is about the purpose of the Second Amendment and why our constitutionally protected right to self-defense is an essential part of self-government. Any legislation that would restrict our basic right to self-defense deserves robust and open debate.  Requiring a 60-vote threshold helps ensure that we have that debate rather than skipping directly to the back room deals, horse trading, and business-as-usual politics that typifies the way Congress passes legislation today.  “Finally, many of the current gun proposals are constitutionally problematic.  Altering the application of constitutional protections should require approval by a supermajority of Congress.  With a 60-vote threshold, we are seeking to ensure that a bare majority does not jeopardize the basic rights of the American people.    “The Senate — and the American people — have an important debate ahead of us.  I look forward to this debate and hope that others Senators join me, Rand Paul, and Ted Cruz in demanding that our discussions take place in full view of the American people.”
"Whenever there is a Constitutional right at stake, I think it is important for us to utilize every procedural tool we have at our disposal to make sure those rights are not taken away from the American people casually."
Senator Ted Cruz makes some great points about assault weapons bans and universal background checks in this video.  He also explains why he joined Senator Rand Paul and I in sending a letter to Senator Reid to indicate that we will be requiring a 60-vote threshold on any legislation that will restrict Americans' 2nd Amendment rights.
Here is a great interview I had with Emily Miller about the letter Senator Rand Paul, Senator Ted Cruz, and I sent to Senator Reid to inform him that we intend to ensure that gun control bills require at least 60 votes for passage.  From the article:  "The purpose of their opposition is to force Mr. Reid to get bipartisan support when attempting to abridge a constitutional right. 'Limiting the Second Amendment rights of our citizens should go forward only if we have substantial, bipartisan consensus, rather than just enough votes to get around the majority party’s dissenting viewpoint,' the Utah Republican told me."
"Lee staged a test vote on the issue during consideration of the Senate budget last week. He tried to amend a point of order against gun control legislation to the budget but fell short. It needed a three-fifths supermajority and failed 50-49, needing 60 votes to pass. But the final tally emboldened Lee, Paul and Cruz because they were so close to a majority and a filibuster takes just 41 votes to sustain."
The Senate Democrats passed a budget early Saturday morning for the first time in four years.  Four democrats voted against this budget that does nothing to reduce deficits or our national debt.  However, it does raise taxes to provide funds for increased spending.  I delivered the weekly Republican response to President Obama's weekly address to explain how we can do better than this budget that barely passed the Senate.
Spread the word: "Lee’s amendment, which his office provided to CQ Roll Call, features a broad definition of gun control and seeks to require a 67-vote supermajority threshold for passage of a number of the proposals that are expected to be debated on the floor next month.  "The amendment, for example, seeks to require the supermajority for any bill that 'prohibits specific firearms or categories or firearms' or 'limits the size of ammunition feeding devices,' an apparent reference to the assault weapons ban (S 150) sponsored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.  "It would also require a supermajority for any bill that 'requires background checks through a federal firearms licensee for private transfers of firearms,' a reference to a proposal (S 374) by Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y., that has been the subject of weeks of bipartisan negotiations and also will be included in the April floor debate."
The United States Senate is famously referred to as the “world’s greatest deliberative body.”  For the first time in four years, this great institution will live up to its reputation, as it moves to debate a federal budget.  The budget is the one bill every year to which any Senator can offer an amendment on almost any topic.  I am glad we all have this opportunity to introduce amendments that reflect the concerns and priorities of our constituents.  I look forward to staying as long as necessary to ensure that each senator can participate in this process, and I hope the Senate can become a body where this kind of debate happens more frequently.  I have prepared several amendments that I plan to introduce as part of this budget resolution.  Here is a list of several of the amendments that I am introducing:
I joined Senator Leahy this week to introduce legislation that would strengthen the 27-year-old Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) and better protect digital privacy rights.  The bill eliminates the outdated “180-day” rule that calls for different legal standards for the government to obtain email content depending upon the age of an email, and it requires that the government notify an individual whose electronic communications have been disclosed within 10 days  of obtaining a search warrant. You can learn more about it here:
Today in a Judiciary Committee hearing on domestic drone use I referenced this quote from a recent Supreme Court opinion by Justice Alito: "In the pre-computer age, the greatest protections of privacy were neither constitutional nor statutory, but practical."   As we get closer to the possibility of widespread use of domestic drones for surveillance purposes, the practical limitations that have prevented constant government surveillance of American citizens will disappear.  We must now have a discussion to clarify what limits the 4th Amendment creates for domestic drone surveillance, and what statutory limits need to be created to protect Americans' privacy.  Please share this video and become part of this discussion.
It is unfair to make states with large amounts of federal land pay the opportunity costs of maintaining that land when this land creates benefits that are enjoyed by all Americans.  PILT payments simply do not come close to making up for the revenue shortfalls that counties in western states face when the federal government owns most of the land in these counties.
In its simplest form, the conservative message is that we want people to prosper.
We apologize for the technical difficulties that led to a delay in the start of my teletownhall.  It should be streaming live now if you want to participate: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
My "Let's Talk" Tele-townhall event will be starting in about an hour (7:00 p.m. MST).  Use this link to participate on Facebook: https://apps.facebook.com/videoteleforum/video.php?client=7907
We were promised Obamacare would save money. Now we know it will cost money. In just two short years, the projected ten-year cost of the federal government’s health care takeover has ballooned from $940 billion to $1.76 trillion. We were promised it would help a struggling economy. Now we know it will smother the economy.
We should make it a priority to keep the commitments we have made to those who have sacrificed the most for our freedom before we make new commitments that we can't afford.  Defunding Obamacare is one of the best places where we can cut government spending.  Obamacare is slowing economic growth through higher taxes and regulatory uncertainty.  Contrary to the president's promises, healthcare premiums continue to rise.  The federal reserve is warning that businesses across the country are reducing their labor forces as they brace for impact.  As we debate the continuing resolution to fund the federal government, I have partnered with Senator Ted Cruz to ensure that the negative impacts of Obamacare continue to inform the discussion of what we need to do to fix Washington.
More and more Republican are signing on to the Cruz/Lee amendment to delay the funding of Obamacare.  Senator Ted Cruz does an excellent job of explaining why it is so important that we have this vote.
I will be holding another "Let's Talk" tele-townhall event this Wednesday at 9:00 p.m. EST.  You can visit this page on my website to find several ways that you can participate.  Be sure to fill out the form if you would like to participate via telephone:
While we need to have a broad discussion about the cost, role, and purpose of federal agencies like the Department of Agriculture, it should at least be easy to recognize that we should cut lavish food tasting extravaganzas for agency employees before we cut food inspections.
"The White House's shark-jumping moment has given these efforts new attention and threatens to take the sequester debate to a place this overconfident administration never imagined. The whole point of the White House's effort to make the cuts hurt was to convince Americans that they couldn't live without big, sweeping government. Now Americans are asking how the White House justifies living with it."
I have submitted several questions to Sally Jewell that I would like to see answered on behalf of my constituents before I can vote to confirm Sally Jewell to be the next Secretary of Interior.  I was encouraged by her commitment in her hearing today to advise the president to work with local stakeholders before designating national monuments.
Despite the sequester's cuts to my office budget, we have prioritized our budget to continue offering staff-led tours of the U.S. Capitol.  I would also like to recognize the Library of Congress, the Supreme Court, the National Archives, and the Bureau of Engraving and Printing for prioritizing their budgets to continue offering tours to the public.
This is what I was doing this morning at 12:18 a.m.  I would like to thank the thousands of Utahns who have contacted my office to show their support for Senator Paul and his filibuster.
As Senator Paul was beginning his filibuster of John Brennan, I was asking Eric Holder some questions about recent claims from the administration that they possess the authority to conduct targeted killings of U.S. citizens with drones.
According to the Democrats’ own standards – and particularly when there are judicial emergencies in other courts across the country – now is not the time to confirm another judge to the D.C. Circuit.  And it is certainly not the time for us to consider confirming a controversial nominee with a record of extreme views of the law and Constitution.
We should get rid of agencies that have no acting commissioners, no executive director, and no general counsel before we start cutting things like White House tours.
The Fish and Wildlife Service needs to extend the comment period of the Gunnison sage-grouse.  This listing will reduce the rights of property owners in San Juan County, and local officials should be allowed a seat at the table to influence the process of protecting this species.
As the dialogue in Washington shifts from discussing the short term effects of the sequester to the long term effects of our out-of-control spending, I am hopeful that over the next few weeks we can identify and eliminate the wasteful government spending that is threatening our ability to fund essential government services.
The federal government spends billions on regulatory enforcement, which then sucks trillions of dollars out of the economy.  We should look at reducing this burden before we start closing national parks.
I enjoyed discussing "Cut This, Not That" with Greta last night.  Americans overwhelmingly recognize that much of the federal government's spending is bloated and wasteful.
Under our Constitution, responsibility to authorize and spend money is Congress’s job, not the president’s. The American people expect Congress to do its job and get our budget under control.  I introduced legislation months ago that would have replaced the sequester, as well as a balanced budget proposal.  They both contained tough choices and specific spending priorities.  Unfortunately, Washington isn’t willing to listen to the American people.  I appreciate the work my colleagues have done to address a bad situation, but I cannot support ceding our authority to the president on the one hand or postponing the cuts and raising taxes on the other. The federal government wastes billions of dollars each year.  Congress can and should target, reduce, and eliminate wasteful and redundant programs in order to protect our real spending priorities.
Let's cut improper food stamp payments before we reduce aircraft carrier deployments.
Today marks 1,400 days since Democrats in the Senate have passed a budget.  The Senate Republican Conference put together this site to draw attention to this negligence, and to highlight Republican efforts to introduce and pass reasonable budgets and structural spending reforms.
With a government that spends over $3 trillion dollars a year, we can find other areas to cut besides border security.
Secretary Duncan is holding a press conference right now threatening to fire teachers.  With an annual budget that is almost the size of the economy of Germany, I think the federal government can find other places to cut besides teacher salaries that are mostly funded with local tax dollars.
We should cut the governmentwide improper and abusive use of premium class travel by government employees before we cut the hours of air traffic controllers.
NA
I enjoyed participating in a discussion on public lands last weekend with Chad Booth, Kane County Commissioner Heaton, and Representative Ken Ivory.  I have found that there is a widespread ignorance within Congress that the federal government owns 30% of the land in this country and almost 2/3s of the land in the state of Utah.  They don't understand how this massive amount of federal land makes it difficult to fund local government and school districts while also causing substantial economic harm.
My 2012 Annual Report is now available online.  We are also having an annual report scavenger hunt.  On the linked page there are 7 questions, whose answers can be found in the report.  The first 100 people to enter the correct answers in the form will receive a signed copy of the annual report.
My colleagues and I still have strong concerns with the Hagel nomination.  It would be better if the president could withdraw this nomination and nominate someone who will enjoy broad bipartisan support.
Yesterday, in my address to the Utah House of Representatives, Representative Cosgrove asked a good questions about immigration reform efforts in D.C.  I explained that sometimes working in Washington is like going into the grocery store and you want to buy bread, milk, and eggs and you are told that you can’t buy bread, milk, and eggs unless you buy a bucket of nails, a half ton of iron, and a book about cowboy poetry, and a Barry Manilow album.    We could make a lot of progress in Washington with immigration reform, if we would pass the 70-80% of ideas where there is strong bipartisan support.
Last September I hosted a Constitution Bowl, and a team of high school students from Cottonwood Heights were the winners.  It was an honor to host them in Washington, D.C. this week, so they could experience the history of our nation's capital.
This is the best link to participate in my tele-townhall event that is happening now.
I am starting my tele-townhall now.  You can participate right here on Facebook by visiting my profile page and clicking on the Ustream Live app at the top of my page.
I was honored to recognize my former chief of staff, Spencer Stokes, in this tribute that I delivered earlier today.  "When God looked down on the Senate, He realized that the senators alone could never keep things running. He said, 'I need a caretaker!' So, God made a chief of staff"  Thank you, Spencer!
In addition to questioning Secretary Napolitano on immigration reform today, I also introduced two pieces of legislation that should fix our broken immigration system: The Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants act would eliminate per country caps en employment-based immigrants.  The Dairy and Sheep H2A (DASH) Act would allo dairy workers, sheepherders and goat herders to apply for year-round positions through the H2A visa program instead of seasonal visas.  Both of these bill have enjoyed strong bipartisan support, and there is no reason why Congress shouldn't pass common sense solutions to our broken immigration system.
Last night the president laid out a plan to perpetually expand the role of the federal government.
This is the latest example proving that the Interior Department's mission under this president is to remove as much land as possible from state and private ownership.  Meanwhile, the economies of our local communities continue to suffer, unable to build small businesses, create jobs or generate revenue.  If the Interior Department continues to absorb the land around the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, it is only fair the department release immediately the lands the BLM has identified as suitable for disposal.
After a disappointing hearing with many unanswered questions and after his failure to comply with transparency requirements, I cannot support Chuck Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense.
Since the Interior Department controls a majority of the land in our state, I am looking forward to participating in Sally Jewel's hearing to be the next Secretary of the Interior to see how she will ensure Utah's economic prosperity, maintain open access to public lands, and involve state and local governments in land-use management decisions.
Former Senator Chuck Hagel said some troubling things in his confirmation hearing to be our next Secretary of Defense.
I am looking forward to serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee to ensure that Utah has a seat at the table when critical defense-related decisions are made.  Today I am participating in my first hearing on this Committee to determine if former Senator Chuck Hagel should be appointed as our next Secretary of Defense.
Here is the video clip of the questions I asked during today's hearing in the Judiciary Committee on gun control:
Yesterday I released this statement about the immigration proposal that was introduced in the Senate.  I was encouraged that the proposal contained many areas where there is strong bipartisan support to reform the system.  I have concerns that the guidelines of the proposal contemplate a policy that will grant special benefits to illegal immigrants based on their unlawful presence in the country.  Reforms to our complex and dysfunctional immigration system should not in any way favor those who came here illegally over the millions of applicants who seek to come here lawfully.  I will be formulating an approach that deals with points of agreement on several issues, with special attention to addressing border security and fixing our legal immigration system before we create special categories for those here illegally.
Sixty two senators voted against my amendment to require tiny spending cuts spread over nine years, so we could responsibly offset Sandy relief spending and avoid adding billions to our $16 trillion dollar debt.
"The power of a written constitution lies in its words. It is those words that were adopted by the people.  When those words speak clearly, it is not up to us to depart from their meaning in favor of our own concept of efficiency, convenience, or facilitation of the functions of government."
I am pleased that after careful review a federal court of appeals concluded that President Obama’s so-called ‘recess’ appointments were indeed unconstitutional.  When President Obama bypassed the Senate and unilaterally made key appointments at a time the Senate considered itself in session, he ignored the plain text of the Constitution and endangered the checks and balances essential to our nation’s system of government accountability.  As the D.C. Circuit rightly concluded, "Allowing the President to define the scope of his own appointments power would eviscerate the Constitution’s separation of powers."   Over the course of the last year, I have spoken out against these unprecedented and unconstitutional actions in numerous settings, including in meetings of the Senate Judiciary Committee, on the floor of the U.S. Senate, in a hearing before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in countless interviews in the press.  In protest of these unconstitutional appointments, I voted against President Obama’s judicial and executive appointments.  Today’s decision represents vindication of the principled stand I have taken against this President’s disregard of our nation’s Constitution.    The court’s ruling today is a sober reminder of how far detached this administration has become from our constitutional heritage and the rule of law.  By failing to follow the Constitution’s specified procedure for appointing executive officials, the President has created chaos and confusion for the business community, which has been left uncertain as to the validity of the many rules and regulations promulgated by officers that were not appointed according to the Constitution’s requirements.
All past efforts of Congress to limit spending have utterly failed. None of the existing restraints – the Budget Act, spending caps, the debt limit, the sequester – have gotten spending under control, and we have $16.4 trillion of debt to prove it.  Only a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution will permanently bind Congress and force both parties to live within the nation’s means.  Anything less will simply maintain our dysfunctional and unsustainable status quo.
The president doesn't want to discuss spending reform in association with the debt ceiling.  The budgets he introduces don't make any effort to reform spending, and they get 0 votes.  The Senate Democrats have completely given up on proposing and debating budgets through the normal deliberative processes of the Senate.  The mathematical reality of our fiscal situation is that we will have this debate to reform government spending at some point in the near future.  It would be less destructive to our economy and less catastrophic to those who rely on government services to have this debate now.
It is unfortunate that the president is using the tragedy in Newtown to advance a set of proposals that would do little, if anything, to prevent these kinds of shocking events.  Instead, his laundry list consists of demands that Congress limit the rights of law abiding citizens, executive orders that essentially affirm the status quo, and initiatives to increase federal interference into state and local law enforcement and educational institutions.  Without specific legislative language, it is impossible to evaluate the potential consequences of the president’s proposals. But I am deeply concerned that the president’s approach is inconsistent with fundamental Second Amendment rights and encroaches on the authorities of state and local governments.  As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I look forward to this debate and am committed to ensuring that the rights of citizens are not infringed and public safety is not diminished.
If you haven't already done so already, you should like the official Facebook page of Senator Ted Cruz.  As Senators we have to maintain official pages that are different from our campaign pages, and this is his new official page.
Our federal government collects more than enough revenue to pay the interest on our debt obligations and prevent a default.  The debate about the debt ceiling isn't about whether we are going to meet these obligations.  Instead, the debt ceiling debate is about whether we will structurally reform government spending to ensure the sustainability of government functions that Americans rely on.
The nomination of Jack Lew as Secretary of Treasury signals that the president will continue to pursue the same failed policies of the previous four years: higher taxes, more spending, and more debt.  It virtually guarantees the president will not compromise on entitlement reform, and assures that the White House will fight to maintain the status quo of our deeply dysfunctional system.  At a moment when the president could have shown a willingness to work with Republicans to fix the challenges that face the country, he has instead moved in a disappointing direction.
KUTV did a good piece that explains my vote against the fiscal cliff deal.
"The United States continues to face significant national security challenges and it is critical to have strong leadership at the Pentagon that can respond to our evolving and emerging threats.  The nomination of Senator Hagel presents an opportunity to discuss not only his qualifications for the position and his approach to defending the United States and her allies, but also the specific ways in which he would seek to strengthen, modernize, and reform our national defense. I look forward to hearing Senator Hagel’s answers to questions involving these important issues."
"In other words, the substance of the fiscal cliff deal is an endorsement of our failed status quo, with tax hikes on small businesses and working families thrown in for good measure.  Unfair and anti-growth -- this is what Washington calls a 'balanced approach.'"
One of the problems with the fiscal cliff deal was that we only had six minutes to read the bill.
