Here I am inspecting the craftsmanship of this unmanned aircraft at this morning's event in Boulder City, Nevada.
Coming from a state where over 85 percent of the land is public, I recognize the importance of the lands provisions included in the National Defense Authorization Act. The passage of this legislation would have a great impact across Nevada. Watch my speech urging my colleagues to join me in support of this bill:
Yesterday, I met with Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Microsoft has 1 of 3 regional operations centers in the world located in Reno, bringing top-of-the-line technological and economic benefits to the local community.
Lynne and I had a great time at the National Finals Rodeo in Las Vegas over the weekend. We ran into Kristi Noem and her daughter, Cassidy.
Congratulations to the 5 newly commissioned Second Lieutenants of the UNR Wolf Pack ROTC! I'm proud of you all.
In honor of National Miners Day, I want to thank all of our miners that provide for our state and the country. Mining is a crucial industry to Nevada, providing more than 60,000 jobs and producing over $200 million in tax revenue and nearly $10 billion in economic activity annually.  This work is invaluable, as it contributes greatly to powering our nation and providing necessary resources.
I am pleased to announce the House and Senate have agreed upon a package of long-standing public lands bills, which will contain eight Nevada public lands priorities, including the Lyon County Economic Development and Conservation Act (S.159), the Elko Motocross and Tribal Conveyance Act (S.1176), and the Fernley Economic Self-Determination Act (S.1983).  This is great news for the entire state of Nevada. I’ve worked tirelessly from my first days in the House of Representatives to take the lead and ensure these lands bills were top priorities. I’ve been committed from the very beginning and am glad to see the fruits of this labor. As this legislation becomes law, it will not only spur economic development in our state but enhance national security as well. Those are things we should all be proud to accomplish
Today, I addressed the need to safeguard sexual assault survivors in the military with real reforms that will give survivors a fair prosecution and eliminate loopholes that allow assailants to avoid justice.
Assemblyman Hansen’s past comments and positions on race, religion, and gender that have recently been reported give me great concern. These comments were insensitive, wrong, and extremely offensive and insulting. Statements like these do not have a place in public discourse.
The Senate passed comprehensive, bipartisan legislation providing a long-term solution back in 2013, and I supported it and continue to do so. What I don’t agree with is the use of the executive order nor do I agree with the Administration bypassing Congress. In utilizing an executive order, the President is being short-sighted and is merely offering a band aid for a much larger issue. This is not leadership. We need true comprehensive reform to fix our nation’s broken immigration system. The Senate already came up with a viable proposal. Now is the time for the President to work with Speaker Boehner to offer a realistic plan.
Recently, I visited with Gerri Willis on Fox Business to discuss the latest on defective air bags:
Today, I was presented with an Army Seal Plaque from Colonel McAleer. I am honored to be part of this long-standing tradition in Congress.
Today, our country comes together to honor the #veterans who so bravely fought for our freedom.   These individuals have made great sacrifices to give us the opportunities that we have today. I encourage everyone to take the time to remember their service and to thank those veterans around you, as well as recognize our service members currently defending our freedom.   I want to thank all of our veterans for their commitment to our nation.   Today, in honor of Veterans Day, the National Park Service is offering free entrance to over 2,000 national parks across the country.   This is a great opportunity for Nevadans to get out and enjoy the beauty of our great state.
Bracken Walter ES Elementary School is an exemplary part of Nevada's education system, utilizing innovative strategies that prepare our youth for a bright future. The school had a feature video done on it. Last year, it was named as a prestigious Blue Ribbon School in Clark County.   Check out the video for yourself.
Today, I joined with students at the Smith Valley School in Smith to sing "Home Means Nevada" as part of the state sing-along. I'd like to thank Deputy Superintendent of Lyon County School District, Wayne Workman, and Principal Mark Gradillas! #nevadasings
Lynne and I enjoyed attending the 4th annual Governor's Ball last night in Reno. Nevada Day is right around the corner, and we're excited to celebrate Nevada's 150 years of contributions to this great nation.
Great turnout at tonight's #ISTAND event at University of Nevada, Reno. I'm proud to see so many students joining in efforts to end sexual assault on campus.
Today, marks 50 years since Congress voted to designate Lake Mead, the nation’s largest man-made reservoir, as America’s first National Recreation Area. Since that time, Lake Mead has been a favorite spot for locals and tourists to boat, fish, camp, and hike. Over the past 77 years, Lake Mead has attracted almost 400 million visitors. As the water level of the lake has dropped dramatically over the past decade due to the severe drought in the West, I’m working hard in the U.S. Senate to ensure that Lake Mead is properly cared for and maintained, so that Nevadans and our visitors can enjoy it for many generations to come.
Over the weekend, I enjoyed spending time with members of the Smith Valley Historical Society.
As someone whose family has been touched by cancer, I would like to remind all Nevadans that October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Happy to be among so many small business owners and entrepreneurs at today’s Las Vegas Asian Chamber meeting. You are the backbone of our economy.
Happy to have helped shepherd Fish Springs Ranch Water Settlement legislation to the President's desk for signature:
Today, I met with Miss Nevada and Miss USA Nia Sanchez who will "take on teal" to raise awareness for ovarian cancer.
Congratulations to Rep Joe Heck on being promoted to Brigadier General. Joe has many titles: doctor, Congressman, and now General. However, my favorite is friend.
Thanks to Dr. Kate Zhong of the Women Against Alzheimer’s association for meeting today on Capitol Hill to discuss the important goal of ending Alzheimer’s by 2025.
Recently, I met with the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network - ACS CAN to discuss ways to help support cancer research for the 11,000+ Nevadans diagnosed each year.
Today, we remember those who lost their life on this day thirteen years ago #NeverForget:   http://www.heller.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=2402f3c3-9ca3-4449-a3c0-ae062529ac52
Today, I hosted a #vets roundtable with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to discuss ways to address the VA disability claims backlog.
It was great meeting with Nevada Principal of the Year Scarlett Perryman earlier today on Capitol Hill.
I spoke at a Senate VA committee hearing this AM about my commitment to address the #veterans disability claims backlog: 
My office is hosting a presentation on the Social Security Administration today in Gardnerville. Please join us for an overview of the SSA, as well as information about My Social Security Online; Retirement, Survivor & Disability; Supplemental Security Income (SSI); Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP); Government Pension Offset (GPO) and more.  Details: 1:00pm—2:00pm PT Douglas County Senior Center 2300 Meadow Lane Gardnerville, Nevada 89410
Israel must defend itself. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxnKJGDH32E&feature=youtu.be
Congrats to @kenzienimmo & my son Harris for the top trending and top music vine over the weekend with over 6M views: goo.gl/yp3LiH
Nevada veterans deserve better than what they are getting. #EndTheVABacklog http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=875En6ji-J4&list=UUTS6f940sIirkO6ICyx4ksw
The #slurpee has been around since 1965. Happy 87th 7-Eleven. #FreeSlurpeeDay
#TBT 1996: Racing in the Outlaw open class at Fuji Park Cc: The Nevada Appeal
Failure to lead by POTUS is making border crisis worse. Watch: http://bit.ly/1onmIeu 
Today is a great day. Lynne and I are celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary.
As Nevadans gather with their friends and family to celebrate America’s independence, we remember the great American heroes who laid the foundation of a country that affords freedom, hope, and prosperity to those who call our nation home. Our Founding Fathers fought to protect and preserve brighter futures for generations to come, and, today, brave men and women are fighting for that very cause at home and abroad. We must never forget these brave service members, past and present, nor can we forget their daily acts of valor. No doubt, we live in the greatest nation on earth. Happy Fourth of July to all of my fellow Nevadans.
Questioned U.S. Department of the Treasury Secretary today on Lois Lerner’s missing emails. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1mr42xo
Senator Jack Reed and I introduced a new #RenewUI bill today. Read about it here: http://1.usa.gov/1lNqSi8.
This year marks 95 years for the Reno Rodeo. Looking forward to attending. http://1.usa.gov/1soQQ0D
Happy birthday to my friend and fellow Nevadan, Congressman Mark Amodei. Mark - I would like to dedicate this #TBT to you.
NA
My thoughts and prayers are with the men and women of the LVMPD. I would also like to extend my sympathy to the families of the police officers who gave the ultimate sacrifice while serving this community, as well as the loved ones of the innocent civilian whose life was also lost. As so many unanswered questions remain, Las Vegas and the people of Nevada join you in mourning yesterday’s tragic events.
Today, we honor the brave Americans who risked their lives defending our liberty 70 years ago. I am humbled to be in France on behalf of my fellow Nevadans as we commemorate the brave actions that allowed the Allied troops to defeat tyranny. http://1.usa.gov/1q0Ewik
These brave Nevadans are on their way to Afghanistan. Wishing them a successful tour and a safe return. #BattleBorn
We are 150 days away from Nevada 150 celebrations.   Cc: Congressman Steven Horsford, Congressman Mark Amodei, Rep Joe Heck, Congresswoman Dina Titus.
Thanks to all Nevada seniors who contributed to the NV Silver Awards this year. #OAM2014 was a great success. I will continue advocating on behalf of seniors in Nevada and throughout the United States and will work hard to help enact policies that help seniors in the Silver State thrive.
Here is LuAnne’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
My full statement regarding the resignation of U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Shinseki:  "I have great respect for Secretary Shinseki’s service to our country. As a soldier and as a public servant in civilian life, he has dedicated his life to this great nation. However, as the VA has continued to operate on a 1940s system in the 21st century, problems plaguing the Department are far too serious to ignore. Veterans in Nevada and across the country deserve the best our nation has to offer, and they are entitled to a VA system that delivers the benefits that they earned. To date, the VA has not met this standard.   "Moving forward, we need to focus on restoring veterans' confidence in the VA system. Regardless of who replaces Secretary Shinseki, the issues throughout the VA will not go away without a dedicated and unrelenting approach to fixing them. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on a bipartisan basis to address issues such as the crippling backlog in benefits claims, veterans' access to the services they need, and quality care across-the-board," said Senator Dean Heller.
Had a great visit to the Washoe County, Nevada Senior Center yesterday. Thanks for having me and for all the great conversations. Always great to see Commissioners  Vaughn Hartung, David Humke, and Bonnie Weber.
Here is Bill’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Saddened by the passing of Maya Angelou. She will remain one of America's treasures and her words will continue to inspire.
Here is Catherine’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Yesterday we retired our flag and put up a new one in honor of #MemorialDay. Our boys, Harris and Drew, are home for the long weekend and helped us.
Remembering all of the men and women who have fallen in defense of our freedom. #MemorialDay http://1.usa.gov/TObYye
We have 300,000 veterans in Nevada. They deserve the best our nation can offer. 
Here is Jan’s safety tip #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Teresa’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Mike’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Bernice’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Mr. and Mrs. Dave McNeill’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Bob’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Congratulations to all #Nevada 2014 graduates. #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada #ClassOf2014
Here is Sunnee’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Damian’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
I want all of Nevada's U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and clinics to be thoroughly audited immediately.  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbYalIQbmpE
Here is Pam’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Happy #ArmedForcesWeek. Like this post if you support America’s heroes. #BattleBorn
Here is Anna’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
NA
Here is Robert’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is my mom’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors  Happy Mother’s Day! Thank you to all #BattleBorn mom’s for your tireless efforts and for all you do. #MothersDay
Here is Vincent’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Law enforcement’s commitment to service above self is the definition of heroism, as is their willingness to place the safety and welfare of others before their own.   WATCH: http://bit.ly/1uKWLfc
Here is Wayne’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Energy is one of Nevada’s greatest assets.   WATCH: http://bit.ly/1mK105c
Here is Carole’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
“The impact of tourism to Nevada cannot be understated.  It is truly is the lifeblood of our economy.”    Watch: http://bit.ly/1g09yGI 
Here is Charles’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Ofelia's safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Lynne, Emmy, and I joined some friends this weekend to support the Carson City Cancer Center. #RideForTheCure
Here is Anne’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Thanks to our law enforcement and your families for the sacrifices you make to keep us safe.
Here is Sarge’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Here is Nita’s safety tip. #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Today, as we kick-off Older Americans Month, I will begin to announce winners of the First Annual Nevada Silver Awards. If you know a Nevadan over the age of 65 who leads a healthy lifestyle and has good safety tips, please visit my website and nominate them for a Silver Award. Click here for more details: http://1.usa.gov/PUP4Cl  #OAM2014 #NVSeniors
Another successful trip for Honor Flight Nevada. Welcome home to some of the Silver State’s finest.
NA
U.S. Senator Dean Heller completely disagrees with Mr. Bundy’s appalling and racist statements, and condemns them in the most strenuous way,” said Heller spokesperson Chandler Smith.  http://www.reviewjournal.com/news/bundy-blm/racist-comments-bring-harsh-criticism-bundy 
Veterans vent new round of frustration over claims backlog via KTNV Channel 13 Action News. #KeepThePromise WATCH: http://bit.ly/1kuEq12
Thanks to everyone at the VA Southern Nevada Healthcare System for all you do for #Nevada veterans and for the tour this morning.
NA
I spoke with Bureau of Land Management Director Kornze this morning to express great disappointment with the way that the cattle roundup is being handled. I told him very clearly that law-abiding Nevadans must not be penalized by an over-reaching BLM. After hearing from local officials and residents, and receiving feedback from the Nevada Cattlemen's Association in a meeting this morning, I remain extremely concerned about the size of this closure and disruptions with access to roads, water and electrical infrastructure. I will continue to closely monitor this situation, and urge the BLM to make the necessary changes in order to preserve Nevadans’ constitutional rights. http://1.usa.gov/1iyufFw
#RenewUI passed the Senate yesterday. I urge the House to take action. Nevadans can’t wait. http://1.usa.gov/1qg953M
Attention students: This Saturday, the Nevada Delegation will host Academy Information Day to help provide information for receiving a Congressional nomination to one of our nation’s prestigious military academies. Please contact any of my offices for more information or to RSVP. http://1.usa.gov/1b6FW25
General Motors has a lot of explaining to do. We need to ensure that consumers are safe on the road. US taxpayers deserve answers. #GMrecall  WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdVlrtcDcAQ
Proud to have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to #RenewUI. I look forward to moving to this bill, passing it and working with the House to restore unemployment insurance benefits as we continue working to improve the health of the American economy.
The Military Order of the Purple Heart signifies the highest form of sacrifice & loyalty. Thanks to all of America’s brave heroes.
#RenewUI update:  Nevadans are hurting, and I hear every day how desperate so many are for some certainty from Congress on this issue. Today, the Senate overcame another hurdle and is one step closer to providing unemployed Americans some much-needed relief.  I am grateful to Senator Reed for his work up to this point and am extremely pleased that more Republicans joined us in today’s vote.  There is a lot of work to be done before these benefits become a reality.  With Democrats and Republicans working together, it is my hope that we can find a path forward that allows Congress to pass legislation that can be signed into law. I look forward to doing what I can to help make sure Nevadans are able to use these important benefits.   http://1.usa.gov/1jaG6Mv
It was an honor to meet Sharon Landsberry, Alisa & Andrea this morning. No doubt, Michael Landsberry was a courageous patriot. http://1.usa.gov/1lmpMeh
ICYMI: Senator Jack Reed and I spoke on the Senate floor today about the need to #RenewUI quickly. WATCH: http://bit.ly/OX90Ew
Today, 150 years ago, President Lincoln signed legislation which allowed #Nevada to become a state. Last week, I spoke on the Senate floor to recognize this milestone and #Nevada’s subsequent 150 years of statehood. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1jcn0It #NV150
You’ve done a lot of great work Rob Jones Journey. The #Nevada family is behind you every step of the way. #BattleBorn
I was fortunate to tour Alice Maxwell Elementary in the Washoe County School District yesterday with Superintendent Pedro Martinez. The school was recognized as a National Title I Distinguished School last year. No doubt, it takes a lot of distinguished teachers and students to make a distinguished school. Keep up the good work Bulldogs!
Congratulations to Amy Purdy for taking the bronze medal at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games. The Nevada family is proud!
Senator Jack Reed and I just announced an agreement to reauthorize emergency unemployment insurance benefits. Here are the details: http://1.usa.gov/1hgvys5
Amy Purdy from Las Vegas will compete tomorrow at the Sochi-2014.ru Paralympic Games. Like this post & wish her luck!
What a great family! It was an honor to recognize Richard Boulware at the Judiciary Committee nomination hearing earlier today. http://bit.ly/O2LnKE
Congratulations to my friend Ken Santor on being named the State of Nevada Veteran of the Month. #BattleBorn
ICYMI: Bill aims to cut backlog of VA benefits claims via Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/1g6CXMF  #EndTheVABacklog
Bob Casey, Jr., Senator David Vitter, Senator Jon Tester, and I unveiled our VA Backlog Report and legislation today.  WATCH: http://bit.ly/1gVFqaC  #EndTheVABacklog
The people of the United States have always taken care of our veterans when they come home. The backlog is tantamount to breaking our promise to our nation’s veterans and must come to an end. #EndTheVABacklog   Today Bob Casey, Jr., Senator David Vitter, Senator Jon Tester and I released the VA Backlog March 2014 Report. You can read that here: http://1.usa.gov/1ouXiMq
Yet another #ObamaCare delay. Clearly this law is bad and needs to be replaced. 
In honor of Women’s History Month, I would like to pay special tribute to one of my all-time favorites, Barbara Vucanovich.
Federal Reserve Board of Governors Chair Janet Yellen told me yesterday that Nevada faces a “long slog” towards recovery. She also said that the actual unemployment rate hovers around 13%. #ItsNotWorking 
The bottom line is gridlock in Washington must never impede helping our veterans receive the benefits they earned in service to this country. #KeepThePromise
NA
He did it! Reno's David Wise wins gold! #Sochi2014 #TeamUSA #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Welcome home to some of Nevada's finest! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Proud to cast my vote to restore retirement benefits for our nation’s heroes.
Happy birthday to Abe #Lincoln, the courageous President whose efforts brought about our #BattleBorn state.
Will be joining Senator Sherrod Brown on Crossfire tonight. Don’t forget to tune in to CNN at 6:30pm ET. #Crossfire
Yet another delay in #Obamacare. It’s clear that this law is bad for businesses at a time we need them to hire. http://on.wsj.com/1jr44oz
NA
The Military Justice Improvement Act makes our nation’s military even stronger. #PassMJIA 
ICYMI: “Congress, not the Federal Communications Commission, should set Internet policy” via op-ed by Senator Ron Johnson, Senator Kelly Ayotte and me.  http://bit.ly/1gNwjxb
Mark Zuckerberg and I agree on the need for a more open and transparent government when it comes to #NSA surveillance. WATCH: http://on.today.com/1lyp7Hy
Good luck CHAS GULDEMOND, Tim Jitloff and David Wise at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games. #TeamUSA #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Was honored to join Senator Mark Begich, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the American Legion, and veterans this morning at the #KeepYourPromise press conference. Our nation’s heroes and their families have made incredible sacrifices and we owe them our full support. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1lkfqw0 
NA
I welcome the news today that President  Barack Obama will move to end the telephone bulk collection data as it exists. This program is a form of government overreach that I believe crossed the line from protecting Americans to violating our Fourth Amendment rights. Several lawmakers shared these same concerns, which is why we joined together to introduce the USA Freedom Act last fall to end this program once and for all. Just as President Obama said today, the President and Congress must work closely together in order to strike the correct balance that allows our intelligence community to keep our nation safe without undertaking massive privacy intrusions.  Today’s speech is also the start of a new debate. Significant policy questions remain, including who should house this data. I have concerns that requiring private companies to shoulder the burden for the NSA could simply shift privacy intrusions from the federal government to private companies. Further discussions are needed in order to achieve a workable solution that protects Americans’ Fourth Amendment rights. http://1.usa.gov/1addmBy  You can read more about my perspective on the NSA’s surveillance programs in my Las Vegas Review-Journal op-ed here: http://bit.ly/LqwT6j
One of the best displays of sportsmanship and it comes straight out of Reno, Nevada.  http://bit.ly/1aagnT6
NA
Good luck tonight to the Nevada Wolf Pack and UNLV Athletics in the Governor's Series game! #BattleBorn #UNLVmbb
Congrats Master Chief Donn Sheldon on your award and thank you for helping Churchill County students succeed.
Happy New Year! Wishing Nevadans and all Americans the best in 2014.
Congratulations to Petty Officer Sara Dozier for being named Shore Sailor of the Year! http://bit.ly/1h2dCVN #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Clearly, I’m no Carrot Top, Kim Kardashian, Kanye West or Brittney Spears. Sorry you lost last night Rick Harrison. I thought your card looked good. #SomeOldDude #PawnStars  WATCH at 13:43 and 38:59 http://bit.ly/1gL0nsn
Today, I voted against final passage of the Ryan-Murray budget deal. It is a shame that Congress has decided to try to balance the budget on the backs of our nation’s wounded warriors and their fellow comrades. Despite calls for fiscal responsibility from Americans, Congress has yet again decided to pass another short-term deal that blatantly avoids tackling our long-term debt. This fiscal path that we are on is simply unsustainable, which is why Congress needs to act now to craft a long-term solution and make a determined effort to bring fiscal sanity to our great nation. http://1.usa.gov/1jj9gvj
ICYMI: Veterans in 9 cities have to wait more than a year for claims to be addressed via Washington Post: http://wapo.st/1fhXQSQ
Thanks to all of the volunteers who participated in Wreaths Across America this weekend at the Northern #Nevada Veterans Memorial Cemetery.
 Wreaths Across America - Official Page
Did you see this? PolitiFact names “if you like your plan you can keep it” #LieOfTheYear!  Article: http://bit.ly/1bIzuBy
ICYMI: Heller: Nevada veterans have longest wait for VA benefits via Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/JbHfoX
Manufacturing is critical to the American economy, and its continued strength is key to putting Americans back to work. WATCH: http://bit.ly/1iXY5b5
Would like to welcome my grandson, Zachary, to the world. Mom, dad, and big sister are all doing great.
Companies agree we need greater #NSA transparency.  Cc: AOL, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Twitter, Yahoo
Seventy-two years ago, enemies launched an unexpected attack that changed the American way of life. They senselessly killed thousands of brave men and women serving their country at Pearl Harbor. Today, we pay tribute to the heroes who died that day and we offer our gratitude to their families.   Following the attacks, members of our Armed Forces made tremendous sacrifices. They faced dangerous situations in order to protect Americans from harm, and led us to victory. What the Greatest Generation accomplished after those terrible attacks is a vivid reminder of the patriotism that makes this nation exceptional.
Today the world joins with South Africa to mourn the loss of Nelson Mandela, a transcendent hero, champion of equality & strength through peace.
It was a great privilege to hang out with some of #Nevada’s finest yesterday. Thanks again for having me! #BattleBorn
Today, I visited the Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center in Fallon, #Nevada. Thanks Admiral Lewis for the tour.
Emmy and I were proud to help out at the Harrah's Reno Thanksgiving Outreach Dinner.  VIDEO: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KxXN03LbEQ
This is a sad day for the United States Senate, and a scary day for Nevada. While today we are discussing nominations, what assurances are there that today’s changes will not apply to future legislation?  The Nevada delegation has prevented Yucca Mountain from moving forward, a policy that is already the law of the land. We have been able to accomplish this using every arrow in our quiver. When you are from a small state, you have to rely on every tool in your toolbox to protect yourself. Now, the opening of Yucca Mountain is a renewed risk. It’s clear that today’s actions by the Senate have made Nevada even more vulnerable to the will of the majority. #NuclearOption http://1.usa.gov/1dlsei2
Today, I filed two amendments to NDAA that will speed up the veteran disability claims process. Learn about them here: http://1.usa.gov/1h32DuU
Today, I announced my support for Senator Kirsten Gillibrand’s #MilitarySexualAssault legislation. #MJIA #passMJIA  http://1.usa.gov/1hV0iUl
Deployed US Seaman to marry high school sweetheart in Reno-Tahoe International Airport via ABC News: http://abcn.ws/1jhihjg
Based on these comments from @BarackObama, the American people have been misled. #ObamaCancellations
#TBT to 2007 when I met with Condoleezza Rice.
ICYMI: Yesterday, I shared Nevadans’ #ObamaCancellation stories. WATCH:
Today, I testified at a Senate Judiciary hearing about a #privacy bill Senator Al Franken and I introduced. You can watch my testimony below. #NSA
I agree with President Bill Clinton, if you like your insurance, you should be able to keep it.  WATCH: http://bit.ly/1cl5ERE #ObamaCancellations
Thank you to all who have served, who continue to serve and the families who support these veterans. #ThankAVet
Today, Americans join together to honor our country’s noble veterans who have made tremendous sacrifices to defend our nation. These men and women are responsible for spreading liberty and freedom throughout the world. I encourage every Nevadan to take a moment today to thank the veterans in their lives and also remember those currently serving in harm’s way. No doubt, we all wish them a safe return home.
 
 As we honor all of these brave men and women today, we also honor those who lost their lives defending the American way of life. Thank you to all who have served, who continue to serve and the families who support these veterans. I am humbled to have the opportunity to advocate on your behalf in the United States Senate, and remain committed to ensuring that our nation's veterans receive the benefits they have earned and deserve. http://1.usa.gov/19dwgAQ
A Nevadan has been nominated as Bureau of Land Management Director. I look forward to discussing land management in Nevada with him.  Roll Call: BLM Nominee Will Face Sage Grouse Questions: http://roll.cl/1bj5RVj
Want to share how #ObamaCare has affected you, your family, or small business? Tell us #YourStory by clicking below
ICYMI: USA Freedom Act would right a wrong  Click below to check out my op-ed in the Las Vegas Review-Journal about the #NSA and need for #privacy.
ICYMI: I spoke today about protecting privacy rights for millions of Americans. #NSA #Privacy WATCH:
Had a great time kicking off #NV150 last night with Rep Joe Heck, Congressman Mark Amodei, Congresswoman Dina Titus, and Congressman Steven Horsford.
As made clear by press reports worldwide, the federal government has established a practice of collecting enormous amounts of data with little to show for it. Protecting Americans from the very real threat of international terrorism is one of our government’s greatest responsibilities, but it must be done in a way that respects the privacy of law-abiding citizens. I am very pleased to join Senator Leahy in crafting this legislation and working with him to shore up additional support from my Senate colleagues. #NSA #Privacy Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/17qrNRj
Lynne and I had a great time in Carson City for the #NevadaDay Parade. It was great to see everyone! #HomeMeansNevada #NV150
It's a big day for football in #Nevada. Best of luck to both teams! Cc: Nevada Wolf Pack, UNLV Athletics
 #BattleBorn #RebelsUnited
Happy #NevadaDay to all of my fellow Nevadans! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada #NevadaProud #NV150
Our nation’s capital and Roll Call pay tribute to the victims of the #SparksMiddleSchool shooting.
Violence in all its forms should not be tolerated. Join UNLV's Take Back the Night tomorrow & unite against violence.
Thank you to the #SparksShooting first responders. My thoughts are with the victims, students, families & staff during this difficult time.
Spent my morning with the heroes of Honor Flight Nevada here in Washington, D.C. #BattleBorn
Please join my staff in Reno at the McKinley Arts and Culture Center today, October 3, 2013, for our Medicare 101 forum from 6:00-7:30 pm PT. The event, which his being held in partnership with the State Health Insurance Program, our office, and Senator Harry Reid, will feature professionals prepared to answer any questions you may have about the Medicare program.  The event is open to anyone interested in learning more. Please RSVP to Dena Miguel at 775.284.8989 ext. 231 or dmiguel@accesstohealthcare.org or Marilyn O’Connor at 775.284.1892.
It is extremely unfortunate that Congress was unable to make the tough decisions necessary to avert a government shutdown. This sort of governing by crisis is irresponsible, and Washington cannot continue down this reckless path.  The only reason we are in this situation is due to Washington’s inability to produce a long-term budget and pass all appropriations bills, which is why I introduced ‘No Budget, No Pay.’ No question, failed leadership and a crippling inability to come to an agreement are shared failures by both parties.   http://www.heller.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=b976ad9f-aff6-4007-ae1f-c997d25db5ba
It's Gold Star Mother's & Family's Day. Today we honor the families of the fallen who are brave beyond words.
I, like all of my Republican colleagues in the Senate, am and have been against #ObamaCare. While some may disagree, I personally view this first vote as a vote whether or not to keep ObamaCare intact. I voted no. Like this post and share it with your friends if you agree it should be defunded.
Another delay in #Obamacare. Like this post and share it with your friends if you support a permanent delay. http://politi.co/16Cly5J
ICYMI: Sen. Heller: Lawmakers shouldn't receive pay if they can't pass budget via The Hill Newspaper: http://bit.ly/1aoJyNQ
Today, I filed #NoBudgetNoPay as an amendment to the CR. The only reason this nation is yet again facing the possibility of a government shutdown is because Congress failed to do its job in the first place, which is to pass a long-term budget and appropriations bills. As a result, the American people are held hostage by Washington’s out-of-control spending and forced to observe as Congress jumps from crisis to crisis. #NoBudgetNoPay demands that Members of Congress either pass a long-term budget on time or forego their pay. It’s time to put a stop to this culture of congressional bailouts.
 Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/1fDfLF1
Too many service members and their families are already living paycheck to paycheck. Men and women who risk their lives to defend our country should not have to worry whether they can pay their mortgage or electricity bills on time just because Congress has failed to do its job. Congress should do the right thing for our military and ensure that our troops receive their pay on time no matter what.
Had a great time chatting with some of Nevada’s finest veterans at the Homeless Veterans “Stand Down." Thanks to the over 40 organizations who came to provide various services to our heroes in Northern Nevada. #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
100 days until you can sign up for the #Obamacare coverage programs. Like this post if you support a permanent delay.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau Nevada’s poverty rate has increased from 11.6 to 16.4 percent since 2008. #ItsNotWorking
Like this post and share it with your friends if you think President Barack Obama should be beholden to his flagship legislation that is #Obamacare. #NoExemption WATCH: http://bit.ly/18zI5Ra
Those who wrote #Obamacare should be beholden to it.
Happy Constitution Day to my fellow Nevadans! 
 
 Today, 226 years ago, our Founding Fathers signed the U.S. Constitution and put in place principles to strengthen our freedom and democracy through a system of limited government. Reflecting on the core of our American values is more important now than ever, which is why I was proud to cosponsor legislation that requires Congress to outline specifically how the Constitution allows for any legislation passed by this body. On this anniversary, I stand with Nevadans across the political spectrum united behind the ideals outlined in our Constitution.
 
 http://1.usa.gov/1gtAWH9
Please join us in Reno at the California Building in Idewild Park on Thursday, September 12, 2013 at 11:00am for our TRICARE/United Healthcare/VA Public Forum. The event will feature professionals prepared to answer any questions you may have and is open to anyone interested in learning more. RSVP required. For further information or to RSVP, please contact Samuel Crampton in Senator Heller's Reno office, at 775-686-5770.
It is impossible to forget what happened twelve years ago when America awoke to tragedy. On that day, enemies of freedom and equality targeted innocent Americans and completely altered our sense of security here at home. Today we honor those who lost their lives and remember the sacrifices made by our nation’s courageous first responders.
 
 Since that day, our men and women in uniform have been willing to stand up and defend the freedoms we enjoy amid incredible adversity. The resilience they have shown in an effort to spread freedom and democracy represents the very best of this nation, and we are all grateful for their service.
I OPPOSE military action in #Syria. Any strategic attack has the potential to become an act of war, and should be treated as such. Before I vote to put members of Nevada’s families in harm’s way, a full justification for war must be provided. After extensive discussions with The White House and those concerned about the constitutionality of military intervention, I do not believe a strategic attack on #Syria is in the best interest of the United States at this time.  Press release: http://1.usa.gov/14Iydo1
NA
Today's #jobs report shows far too many Americans are discouraged and have unfortunately stopped looking for work. Nevadans deserve better.
US Office of Personnel Management should clearly require ALL congressional staff, including Committee and Leadership staff, to go into #Obamacare exchanges when issuing the final rule. Congress and the Administration must play by the same rules as the American taxpayer. Read my letter here: http://1.usa.gov/14dRJZg
NA
This month’s decline in Nevada’s unemployment rate is promising, but it doesn’t change the fact that many job creators in the Silver State will walk into the office this morning worried about the toll ObamaCare is taking on their business. The delays in implementing portions of this law show just how flawed it is. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed, many employers have been forced to cut workers' hours or stop hiring altogether. Nevadans don’t need laws that discourage job creation; they need policies that will encourage growth and innovation. http://1.usa.gov/1453pkj
Consumer protection measures limiting out of pocket costs are delayed for one year. #ObamaCare is not working.
ICYMI: Heller objects to suggestion that Nevada “signed off” on waste shipments via The Nevada Appeal.
Please join us in Reno at the McKinley Arts & Culture Center on Tuesday, August 13, 2013 at 2:00pm for our Social Security Administration (SSA) informational event. The event will feature professionals prepared to answer any questions relating to Social Security and is open to anyone interested in learning more about the SSA. For more information or to RSVP please contact Senator Heller’s Regional Representative, Katie Pace, at 775-686-5770.
ICYMI: I asked U.S. Department of Energy chief to clear up discrepancies over nuclear waste via Las Vegas Review-Journal
#ThrowBackThursday #TBT #HomeMeansNevada #BatteBorn
 Cc: Congressman Mark Amodei
Happy birthday to my good friend and fellow Nevadan Brian Sandoval! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
NA
Learn about our bill to help #KeepTahoeBlue here: http://1.usa.gov/1clV1Br.
Pleased to cosponsor Tom Coburn and Senator Rand Paul's legislation to restore Constitutional limits in Congress. As the American people’s trust in the government is at an all-time low, there is no better time to remind Members of Congress which of their powers are granted by the Constitution, and which are not. By requiring Congress to specify how the Constitution permits any measure passed out of the legislative branch, this common sense approach will also remind Members that our founding fathers understood the need to limit the powers of the federal government.  Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/14IFPVM
Congratulations Caleb Harris. Your work on behalf of Nevada's veteran community is unmatched. Thank you.
I will continue to voice my opposition to nuclear waste being stored in Nevada. FOX5 Local. Las Vegas video: http://bit.ly/15vAViV
I don’t trust the IRS or the NSA, and I certainly don’t trust the federal government to manage nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain. Watch: http://bit.ly/15u3zkt
NA
Did you catch this in today’s Las Vegas Review-Journal?
 http://bit.ly/14b77nt
ICYMI: Earlier this week I spoke with 8 News Now about the new #NSA data storing facility and its threat to our liberties.
Asking celebrities to promote #Obamacare reminds me of the tactics used in the ‘50s and ‘60s glamorizing tobacco products.  Video: http://bit.ly/167DwR7
Congratulations Spc. Nathaniel Hill! #BattleBorn #HomeMeansNevada
Thanks Rep Joe Heck for joining me to help struggling homeowners in #Nevada.  Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/13bh3ON
Spoke at a Banking Committee hearing today about ways to bring certainty to Nevada homeowners. Watch: http://bit.ly/1bKkXGs
Thanks for stopping by the office this morning! #rrlegday
Saddened to learn LVMPD and Nevada lost a hero. Thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of officer David Vanbuskirk.
Thanks Governor Brian Sandoval for supporting the Mortgage Forgiveness Tax Relief Act.  
 Cc: Debbie Stabenow 
 http://1.usa.gov/1dSu9FF
Rep Joe Heck's leadership on the #ThreeKidsMine issue has been a tremendous help, and I am pleased the House passed a bill that will finally allow the site to be reclaimed. This legislation will not only improve safety around the toxic mine site, it will also create jobs and spur economic development. Passing the bill today will help provide momentum for next week’s hearing and I look forward to the bill becoming law.  Learn more about the #ThreeKidsMine here: http://1.usa.gov/12ZFliq
By putting partisanship aside, we can deliver a better America if we work together. 
 http://1.usa.gov/13qDPFv
ICYMI: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: Ideas for the VA: A bipartisan effort seeks to cut the claims
We are Americans first. We are Republicans, Democrats, Independents second. Thank you No Labels! #FixNotFight #MakeGovWork #ProblemSolvers
Great to join Senator Joe Manchin III on Morning Joe. Thanks Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough for having us. #MorningJoe
Senator Harry Reid can spend $12 million to defeat me, but I draw the line when he goes after USC Trojan football. #FightOn
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have joined forces to ensure our government’s responsibility to our nation’s veterans is fulfilled.
 Learn more about the VA Backlog Working Group here: http://1.usa.gov/1aeGq7d
I cosponsored legislation to defund #ObamaCare. Delaying the employer mandate is a clear admission that this is a deeply flawed law that cannot be implemented without devastating consequences. Stalling one part of this law adds confusion to an already complicated web of regulations, taxes and mandates that Nevadans simply cannot afford. To make a difficult situation even worse, the agency responsible for implementing portions of this law is under scrutiny for targeting conservative groups. Clearly, tax dollars should not be spent on this law. Press release: http://1.usa.gov/12uu4lc
Thanks to everyone who joined the conference call yesterday for an update on the Bison and Carpenter 1 Fires. I'm sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected and all emergency personnel battling the fires across Nevada. Stay Safe.
I am grateful that FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency granted Governor Brian Sandoval's request for assistance fighting the Carpenter Fire. This will hopefully provide some relief in the continued efforts to contain the blaze. My staff and I are monitoring the situation and are committed to working with the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, the state of Nevada and members of the community to help direct federal resources to the region. http://1.usa.gov/16kc2Ew
Staff received a briefing from officials battling the Carpenter Canyon Fire.
 
 My thoughts and prayers continue to be with everyone affected by all of the fires burning across the Silver State. Thanks to Nevada's emergency personnel for their continued efforts and bravery.
As Nevadans attend barbecues and picnics, and enjoy time with family and friends, let us be grateful for those who laid the foundations for what has become the greatest country in the world. This Independence Day also serves as a reminder of those who have fought and continue to fight for the liberties we enjoy today. It is because of the sacrifices of these brave patriots that we are able to provide a brighter future for generations to come.  Today I join my fellow Nevadans in celebrating a nation where bettering oneself and striking a new, independent path is a dream that has been realized by millions.  Happy 4th of July!
NA
NA
We can't wait to tackle America's broken housing finance system. #GSEReform
Had a blast at the Reno Rodeo last night. Always great to spend time with family and fellow Nevadans.
Pleased that both Democrats and Republicans have joined me to ensure the Southern Border Security Commission is as fully representative as possible. If the federal government fails to gain control of the borders, then the states most affected by that failure should be able to play a role in fixing the problem. By having a seat at the table, Nevada can make recommendations based on its unique experiences and location so the United States can finally solve the enduring problem of border security.
 http://1.usa.gov/14jqNrD
I will do everything in my power as a United States Senator to ensure the safety and well-being of Nevadans. For years, members of the entire Nevada delegation have put aside our political jerseys and worked together to ensure that the Yucca Mountain waste site would never open. It is important that Nevadans know that the inside-the-beltway debate about Senate rules could have very serious ramifications for Nevada and the opening of Yucca Mountain. http://1.usa.gov/16ekmHL
Nevada’s unique location and position as a world-class travel destination leave it highly vulnerable to our nation’s flawed immigration system. As a state that faces many of the same problems of other southern and southwestern border states like Arizona, Texas and California, Nevada deserves a seat at the table and should have a voice on the Southern Border Security Commission.   Today I filed my first amendment to the immigration reform legislation. The amendment expands the Southern Border Security Commission to include the southwestern state of Nevada.  http://1.usa.gov/15WUwb0
With the passing of Barbara Vucanovich, the Silver State has lost one of its finest and most well-respected Nevadans. During one of my first trips to Washington, Barbara took me, a complete stranger, to lunch in the Congressional dining hall. Ever since that day, I have admired her and valued her wisdom, experience and friendship. Barbara always stressed that constituent services and responding directly to Nevadans’ needs are the most important responsibilities of public service. Grateful for that advice, I took it to heart and have always tried to follow the high standard she set. Lynne’s and my thoughts and prayers are with Barbara’s family and friends as we join them to mourn the loss of this great Nevadan. 
 http://1.usa.gov/ZFxYKM
Nevada has been ground zero of our economic collapse. Watch:
Today, I introduced a bill designed to permanently eliminate a "blacklist" of American cities like Las Vegas and Reno from hosting federal agency and executive branch conferences and conventions. Nevada should not be a political target because of government misconduct. http://1.usa.gov/17rHrKJ
What sort of state are we living in? Wiretapping Verizon phones is yet another example of government overreach. Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/14jgDJi
Congratulations Mike Mader for being selected as the Nevada Veteran of the Month! Via The Nevada Appeal #BattleBorn
I've said it before, if you can't trust IRS to do your taxes, how can you trust them to oversee your healthcare?
Introduced a bill to measure the U.S. Small Business Administration's effectiveness. My number one priority in Congress is getting Nevadans back to work. Over the last four years, many small businesses - the lifeblood of our economy - have had to rely on SBA assistance programs in order to survive.  It is important to track whether this assistance has been beneficial to small businesses.  If the assistance programs are not working properly, Congress must take necessary actions to improve these programs. http://1.usa.gov/11BKveO
I’m pleased that President Barack Obama signed the Stolen Valor Act into law today. The brave acts of the men and women in our military should be honored and protected. Thanks to the hard work of Rep Joe Heck and those who joined us in support of this issue, the recognition that these men and women earned will be preserved. http://1.usa.gov/10UjDrx
Pleased to join Rep Joe Heck, Congresswoman Dina Titus, and Congressman Steven Horsford for Memorial Day events. Photo via KTNV Channel 13 Action News.
I spent Memorial Day with my fellow Nevadans paying tribute to all of Nevada's heroes. It was an extraordinary opportunity to show our gratitude for the sacrifices made by our nation’s military men and women. These American heroes set aside their individual needs and personal ambitions so that their fellow Americans could live in peace, safety, and security. While today we honored the memory of our fallen servicemembers, we must never forget their families, friends, and loved ones for their extraordinary sacrifices as well.
 
 As today comes to a close, let us be grateful for the sacrifices made by all of our men and women in uniform. Thank you to our veterans and military men and women for your service and everything you have given to this great nation. 
 http://1.usa.gov/1ar066j
Great news! The Stolen Valor Act passed the Senate late last night! 
 Our nation can never fully express our gratitude for all that our men and women in uniform have experienced on our behalf. Their acts of valor helped ensure the safety and security of our nation, and the honor of their awards should never be compromised. I would like to thank my good friend and fellow Nevadan, Rep Joe Heck, for his leadership in the House on this issue and look forward to the bill moving to President Barack Obama for signature.
 Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/11ZTs90
 Photo via Roll Call.
ICYMI: Senator Sees Farm Bill as Vehicle for IRS Health Care Law Issue http://bit.ly/168jzvY
They have violated the trust of the American people. Today I called for a special counsel to investigate the IRS Scandal.  Watch: http://bit.ly/10jewRp
I am deeply troubled that the IRS has been improperly targeting conservative groups. Public distrust in this agency is already at an all-time high, so providing the IRS with more power to enforce this flawed health care policy makes no sense. For these reasons, I have offered the “IRS Accountability Act” as an amendment to the Farm bill. Simply put, right now, we can’t trust the IRS to do its job.  Learn about my amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/12SSSFp
As Armed Forces Day comes to a close I would like to thank all our men and women in uniform for their incredible and brave sacrifices.
Congratulations to all University of Nevada, Reno and University of Nevada, Las Vegas graduates! Wishing you many more successes in the future. #BattleBorn #RunAsOne
ICYMI: More Questions about IRS Involvement in ObamaCare. http://1.usa.gov/17AvF09
Happy birthday to the fabulous Las Vegas!
I introduced the IRS Accountability Act today. My bill prohibits the IRS from receiving ObamaCare funding to be used for implementing the massive healthcare law. Simply put, right now we can’t trust the IRS to do its job.
 
 Learn all about it here: http://1.usa.gov/10yPHQf
ICYMI: Heller says IRS can’t be trusted to oversee Obamacare via Las Vegas Sun.
Did you know the President’s budget requested $440 million for new IRS agents to implement ObamaCare? I wrote a letter to U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about my opposition to this and I intend to introduce a bill to suspend IRS funding until behavior improves. 
 http://1.usa.gov/14khecn
From Elko Daily Free Press - "Sen. Heller takes IRS to task over targeting conservative groups" http://bit.ly/166Z6HB
Reports of the IRS deliberately targeting conservative groups are disturbing and contradictory to the fundamental American values of liberty and freedom - the very values the government is designed to protect. I and my colleagues are committed to holding those responsible for this behavior accountable.
What an exciting opportunity! Congrats Green Valley High School! CC: The Rolling Stones
Congrats Brigadier General! http://bit.ly/147fK4U
 Photo via Roll Call.
What a great thing my friend Kurt Busch is doing for our nation's heroes. Watch:
They call it the Great State for a reason. Like this photo if #HomeMeansNevada to you.
Today I joined Senator Sheldon Whitehouse to help end breast cancer.  It’s hard to find someone whose life has not been touched by breast cancer. By establishing a commission to help end breast cancer by 2020, it is my hope that we can help save the lives of countless women and unlock the answers to finally defeating this disease. This bill is a step in the right direction, and I am pleased that Members of Congress were once again able to come together in a bipartisan effort to help end breast cancer once and for all  Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/12RfuEH
Congresswoman Colleen Hanabusa and I introduced a bill today that will help Filipino Veterans receive benefits they are owed.  Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/YCVnOX
Honor Flight Nevada returned home last night to a great crowd in Las Vegas. #BattleBorn
This morning at the Hoff Peace Officers Memorial, we honored our fellow Nevadans’ heroic acts of courage. #BattleBorn
Congrats to all wildfire awareness training graduates! #BattleBorn
ICYMI: KTNV Channel 13 Action News takes a closer look at the VA claims backlog in Nevada and what's being done to solve the problem. #EndTheVABacklog Watch: http://bit.ly/ZxXmT5
Nevada veterans face a backlog of more than 10,000 cases. Today, Senator Bob Casey, Jr. and I joined 65 of our colleagues in sending a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to take direct action to help #EndTheVABacklog. 
 Read it here: http://1.usa.gov/11Shuh5
Joined my colleagues in commemorating April as "Month of the Military Child." Like this post and thank these #BattleBorn children for their service and sacrifice to our nation.
Yesterday's hearing on a hat trick of Nevada land bills was a success. 
 Photo via Reno Gazette-Journal.
If Congress is going to force #ObamaCare on the American people, then Members of Congress should be required to enroll. I’ve said so since day one.  Read my statement here: http://1.usa.gov/ZPySRD
I am concerned furloughs of air traffic controllers will negatively impact economic recovery in Nevada. The FAA should find other ways to slash spending.  http://1.usa.gov/11CK6fx
Thanks to the Nevada Patriot Guard and Blue Star Mothers for welcoming our heroes home.
NA
ICYMI: Nevada delegation urges speedier help with benefits for veterans: http://bit.ly/11GnJW7
Thanks Senator Harry Reid, Rep Joe Heck, Congresswoman Dina Titus & Congressman Steven Horsford for joining me in offering help to end the VA backlog in Nevada.
 
 Read our letter here: http://1.usa.gov/ZunltS
I will vote against the Senator Joe Manchin III - Senator Pat Toomey amendment. Read why here:   When it comes to national policy choices on issues such as Constitutional liberties, gun violence and public safety, the stakes could not be higher. The enormity of this issue has weighed heavily on me. While I was home this past weekend, my family and I ate at the Carson IHOP where four people lost their lives and several were injured. The survivors of that senseless shooting in the morning hours of September 6, 2011, deserve this debate.   I believe very strongly that our current background check system needs strengthening and improving, particularly in areas that could keep guns out of the hands of felons and the mentally ill.  At the same time, I cannot support legislation that infringes upon the Constitutional right to keep and bear arms.  Despite the good faith efforts of Senators Manchin and Toomey, the onerous paperwork and expansion of federal power mandated in this legislation are too great of a concern. I believe that this legislation could lead to the creation of a national gun registry and puts additional burdens on law-abiding citizens. For these reasons, I cannot vote for this legislation.  http://1.usa.gov/11eQxnq
Thrilled members of the Nevada Army National Guard's 593rd Transportation Company are home. Like this post and share with your friends to welcome them back to the Silver State.
Thanks Touro University Nevada for the opportunity to hold a town hall today. Had a great time.
Today, the Secretary of the Navy is set to announce a future joint high-speed vessel “USNS Carson City.” This will become a symbol of the community values and American principles shared by both Nevadans and the US Navy. http://1.usa.gov/110ZyAv
Let me be very clear. As a strong supporter and bold defender of the Second Amendment, I refuse to compromise Nevadans' constitutional rights. It is because of my solid support for the Second Amendment that I am not afraid of having this debate. I remain staunchly opposed to any proposal that would create a national gun registry or would infringe upon Nevadans’ ability to exercise their Second Amendment rights. At the same time, I do think it’s important to explore ways to keep guns out of the hands of felons and the mentally ill. As the deliberative body, let’s move forward with an open debate and give Americans an opportunity to better understand where their representatives in Washington stand on this issue. Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/10Zn6qe
Today, I sent a letter to Patty Murray and Paul Ryan asking them to conference to produce a bipartisan, bicameral budget. You can read it here: http://1.usa.gov/10TU3Sv
As a Senator from a state with a record number of veterans waiting to receive their benefits and a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, I want to do everything I can to help the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs clear this backlog. Today, I introduced a bill to let government agencies dealing with veteran claims know that it is unacceptable to delay the veterans’ claims process any longer. Nevada is home to countless selfless patriots to whom we all owe a debt of gratitude. This bill demands better collaboration between agencies so that our heroes receive the benefits they earned and deserve in a timely manner http://1.usa.gov/ZAtcRr
Over the years, UNLV basketball has become a blueprint for success, which never could have happened without Coach Tarkanian. He is no doubt a living legend whose story of leadership is echoed in the countless players he coached, guided, and mentored, as well as in his many fans. In fact, when I was elected to Congress, I brought a basketball Coach Tarkanian signed many years ago to display in my office as a reminder of the positive influence he and his wife, Lois, have had on our community. Congratulations to Coach Tarkanian on the well-deserved Basketball Hall of Fame induction. 
 http://1.usa.gov/Zd6EjE
The people of Great Britain, the United States and believers in small-government principles throughout the world lost an icon with the passing of Margaret Thatcher today. With her strength of character and unfaltering conviction, she forged a new path forward along with another hero of the conservative approach to government, former President Ronald Reagan. My thoughts and prayers are with her family and the people of Great Britain as they mourn the loss of their former prime minister.  http://1.usa.gov/12yTt30
Today’s jobs report proves yet again that economic growth is far too slow. The percentage of Americans participating in the labor force fell to the lowest in nearly thirty-four years. Nearly one-quarter of all Nevadans are either underemployed or have given up looking for work altogether. The status quo is simply unacceptable, which means Washington must be willing to take a critical look at current policies and make the hard decisions that will get our economy back on track. I remain committed to turning things around and look forward to working with members of both parties as we move forward to secure opportunities and a brighter future for generations to come. http://1.usa.gov/17h8hTQ
SGT Timothy Hall raises the flag at his new home. Thanks to Homes for Our Troops and The Nevada Military Support Alliance for making this happen.
NA
Don’t forget to tune in and watch my speech to the #nvleg, “Back to Basics.”  http://nvleg.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?event_id=493
Thanks to everyone at Nevada Wolf Pack for the tour! #BattleBorn
Welcome home from Afghanistan SPC Jessica McKim, The U.S. Army!
Had a great tour of the VA Southern Nevada Healthcare System. Thanks for having me!
A listing of the sage-grouse as an endangered species would have a devastating impact on Nevada’s economy.  Collaboration among the states, the federal government and other stakeholders will go a long way towards protecting Nevadans’ way of life as well as ensuring a sustainable sage-grouse population. Big thanks to Orrin Hatch, Senator Mike Crapo, and Jim Risch for your support. Video: http://bit.ly/WVaMIz Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/X1iP7y
Worked with Senator Jon Tester and Chris Coons on a vets amendment to the Senate #Budget that just passed!  Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/13k70Mu
Last night NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams ran a story about the backlog of veterans’ benefit claims. Keep in mind that Nevada has 10,000 claims pending.   To watch the NBC News segment click here: http://nbcnews.to/Z9h7yv  To read my latest efforts regarding this issue click here: http://1.usa.gov/WHrmdp  Like and share this post with your friends if you agree that Nevada veterans deserve better.
ICYMI: I just got back from the Senate floor where I urged support for my amendments to the budget.  You can learn about all of my amendments here: http://1.usa.gov/Z8vAL2
You can read my letter regarding low staffing levels at offices dealing with processing claims for Nevada veterans here: http://1.usa.gov/WHrmdp
#Hawthorne photo via RGJ.com
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families who lost loved ones in the Hawthorne Army Depot explosion, and the entire nation is grateful for the service of those whose lives were lost. I would also like to thank the first responders and medical personnel who are helping the injured, and wish those injured service members a speedy recovery. My staff and I will continue to closely monitor the situation.
You can read my letter to U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs regarding the more than 10,000 Nevada veterans facing claim backlog here: http://1.usa.gov/XUT5Z6
NA
The budget process is moving forward for the first time in four years! #NoBudgetNoPay
 Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/Wo55Bk
ICYMI: Today I questioned U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs about the VA Claim Backlog facing Nevada veterans. Video: http://bit.ly/ZmOrRA
CNN Travel names Ely, Nevada one of America's best small town comebacks. Check it out here: http://bit.ly/Y52Q3k
Andrew Gordon will make an outstanding District Court judge in Nevada and I am pleased the Senate confirmed him. Press Release: http://1.usa.gov/15Klzqf
The C-130 has landed! Welcome home to the Nevada Air National Guard's 152nd Airlift Wing!
Great picture of Congressman Mark Amodei on the front of Roll Call yesterday. #ToughenUp #BattleBorn
Proud to cosponsor Senator Richard Burr's bill to help veterans transition skills acquired through military service to civilian careers.  Considering we have the strongest military in the world, the skills and training that service members receive are top-notch. Allowing these men and women to put their skills to use immediately will lead to stronger communities and small businesses throughout the United States. I’m also pleased that this legislation includes measures to ensure surviving spouses and dependents are eligible for small business benefits after the death of a veteran, which I have also introduced along with Senator Joe Manchin III. Thank you to Senator Burr for his leadership on this common sense solution to help alleviate unemployment among our nation’s veterans. http://1.usa.gov/Wzbxrs
Today’s decrease in the unemployment rate is encouraging, and I hope this is a positive pattern for our economy. Considering this jobs report comes at a time when Nevada leads the nation in unemployment and our state’s gaming revenues declined as recently as January, we still have a long way to go towards securing the economic recovery the Silver State needs.   As Nevada and our nation continue to struggle with high unemployment, finding common ground to move our nation forward is more critical today than ever. Congress has not passed a budget in nearly four years, and our nation is nearly $17 trillion in debt. Just this week, I introduced a bipartisan jobs bill to help address the skills gap and ensure that workers are being trained for the jobs that are available. Common sense measures like this will not only place our country on the right economic path, but help get Americans back to work. http://1.usa.gov/16ejqUP
When the U.S. Department of the Interior Sneezes, Nevada Feels an Earthquake. Video: http://bit.ly/10dqsoD
As someone whose family has been touched by breast cancer, I understand the importance of early detection. Women in underserved communities throughout Nevada rely on mobile mammography units and in this economic downturn, their access should not be compromised. This legislation is a simple way to help mobile mammography units continue serving women in our communities in an effort to help eradicate this horrible disease. I am grateful for Senator David Vitter’s support as we push this legislation forward. http://1.usa.gov/13Jk5hI
Thanks Ceasar and Luke for your leadership in helping Nevada’s Filipino veteran community fight for deserved benefits. Via Las Vegas Review-Journal: http://bit.ly/YcOGfJ
If we are not going to budget, we are not going to move this country forward. #NoBudgetNoPay  Video: http://bit.ly/WtgMJa
ICYMI: I asked Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW members about issues important to Nevada veterans. Watch:
My thoughts and prayers are with the Nevada National Guard's 168th MEDEVAC as they head to Afghanistan. Like this post and thank them for their service.
Today I sent a letter to Senators Chuck Schumer and Pat Roberts asking them to consider auditing Senate operations and offering to work with them to identify areas of wasteful spending within the Senate budget. http://1.usa.gov/YJGi7d
Senator Joe Manchin III and I introduced the Veterans Small Business Protection Act to help grieving veteran families.  http://1.usa.gov/Z7jUH2
Want to hear my thoughts on today’s sequestration votes? Watch here:
ICYMI: I asked panelists at the Veterans’ Affairs Committee hearing about the backlog of U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs claims in Nevada.  Currently, the VA Regional Office for the State of Nevada is facing a backlog of more than 10,000 cases.
Congress has not passed a budget in nearly four years, and our nation is over $16.6 trillion in debt. The uncertainty caused from Congress’s consistent failure to set a budget threatens the future of our children and grandchildren, as well as the economic recovery that our nation and Nevada need.
 
 Clearly Washington is broken. Passing a budget every year is one of Congress’s basic responsibilities. More must be done to hold Members of Congress accountable for their failure to do their job. I’m pleased that President Obama signed ‘No Budget, No Pay’ into law, but Congress should move to make this principle permanent so that Congress is forced to pass a budget on time, every year. Everyday Nevadans work hard for their paychecks and Washington should be held to the same standard.
 http://1.usa.gov/YZzMLF
Had a great discussion with Rare Disease Legislative Advocates about rare disease research and prevention. Thanks for stopping by the office!
Even after sitting down with Senator Hagel in recent weeks, I still have concerns about his nomination to be Secretary of Defense. While I have great respect for Senator Hagel’s brave service in the Armed Forces, his statements and record on Middle East policy are particularly troubling.  It is in the United States’ best interest to stand firm as a friend to Israel and never waver in our opposition to the dangerous behavior of the current Iranian regime. Any nominee as Secretary of Defense must send a clear message to both Israel and Iran that these policies will continue, and unfortunately, Senator Hagel does not fit this criterion. http://1.usa.gov/YW5wA8
ICYMI: Today I questioned Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke about economic recovery.
Congratulations Wayne Willson for being awarded one of the Citizen Service Before Self Honors. Thanks for your unwavering commitment to Nevada veterans. 
 http://bit.ly/Yv79YE
Received some great questions from Silverado High School government students this morning. Thanks for having me!
Thanks Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW for endorsing the Stolen Valor Act. 
 http://1.usa.gov/WUMJHH
ICYMI: Today I spoke at my first Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee hearing. Video:
Had a great meeting with Senator Harry Reid, Rep Joe Heck, Congressman Mark Amodei, Congresswoman Dina Titus, and Congressman Steven Horsford yesterday. #HomeMeansNevada
Grateful for the opportunity to serve as Ranking Member on Commerce Subcommittee on Consumer Protection.  http://1.usa.gov/UfHVxh
Here are my thoughts on last night’s State of the Union Address. What did you think? Comment below.  As Nevada and our nation continue to struggle with high unemployment, finding common ground to move our nation forward is more critical today than ever. In order to make sure that America’s best days are ahead of us we must commit to problem solving and getting something done.  The state of Nevada is facing incredible challenges and I am certain that with the right policies in place, we can bolster economic growth and fix the uncertainty not only in in the Silver State, but across the country. There is no question that we will need to work together and compromise in order to solve the problems facing the American people.  Last night and in past addresses, President Obama has made promises about reducing our growing $16 trillion debt and bringing fiscal responsibility to Washington. To date, those have been empty promises. I hope this time the President is finally serious about reducing long-term spending and debt and working with members of both sides of the aisle on solutions that can pass Congress. http://1.usa.gov/YXbnqG
Proud to vote for VAWA. This bill provides much-needed help to those affected by domestic abuse. http://1.usa.gov/14QKsjA
Thanks DREAM Big Vegas for stopping by the office to discuss immigration reform.
Thanks to all who came out for the Northern Nevada Veterans Resource Center Grand Opening yesterday.
Look forward to serving as Ranking Member of the Banking Committee’s Subcommittee on Economic Policy. http://1.usa.gov/14Igxde
I joined Senators John Barrasso (R-WY), Mike Crapo (R-ID), Mike Enzi (R-WY), Orrin Hatch (R-UT), Mike Lee (R-UT), and Jim Risch (R-ID) in cosponsoring the Grazing Improvement Act. You can learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/V45DM3
Today I introduced the Federal Communications Commission Collaboration Act with Senator Amy Klobuchar to help streamline decision-making.  http://1.usa.gov/XXX6ak
Senate to debate VAWA this week. Proud to be a cosponsor. http://1.usa.gov/WEeYu9
Our military men and women continue to put themselves in harm’s way to protect American interests abroad. Congress must do all that it can to preserve the integrity of the decorations and medals awarded to those who have served our country. I’m grateful to Rep Joe Heck for his leadership on this issue, and look forward to working with Senator Jon Tester to pass this legislation into law. http://1.usa.gov/WUMJHH
Looking forward to watching Colin Kaepernick play in the Super Bowl Good luck! #QuestforSix
ICYMI: National Journal turns spotlight on Yerington lands bill, need for jobs & role of federal government.  http://bit.ly/VA5sai
Since my first several weeks as a Senator, I’ve fought to withhold pay from Members of Congress until they pass a budget. Interestingly, the last time we actually passed a budget, the iPad wasn’t even invented. Needless to say, I’m pleased that the Senate has embraced my idea, and has now passed ‘No Budget, No Pay’ legislation.  Congress still has an enormous amount of work to do to rein in spending, pass a long-term budget, and create certainty for Nevada’s families and businesses. While I was disappointed the Senate did not pass certain amendments that would have immediately reduced spending, ‘No Budget, No Pay’ is an important step forward towards transforming the budgeting process. I hope that Congress takes one step further, and makes the ‘No Budget, No Pay’ principle permanent. http://1.usa.gov/Xp6SE3
The 1/189th has returned home to the Great State! Like this post to welcome them home and thank them for their service.
Pleased to work with Senator Kelly Ayotte to prevent new taxes on Internet access. http://1.usa.gov/UDOuZn
Cosponsored an immigration reform bill to address a growing shortage of highly-skilled workers in the United States. Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/119fvmV
Had a great meeting with U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki. Looking forward to working with him to help Nevada veterans.
 http://1.usa.gov/118K3W3
It is encouraging to see President Obama, Senate Democrats and Senate Republicans commit to passing reforms that will create an orderly immigration process for those wishing to take part in the American Dream. For far too long, many in Washington have focused on the twenty percent where Democrats and Republicans disagree. We are making progress towards a proposal that focuses on the 80 percent where both sides of the aisle can come to an agreement.  Since November, I have had several conversations with Senator Rubio, as well as discussions with Senator Graham, Senator Flake and Representative Raúl Labrador about my views on comprehensive immigration reform. This bipartisan group of Senators has provided a reasonable starting point for Republicans and Democrats to work together. I support many of the principles included in this plan, and look forward to reviewing specific details in the weeks and months ahead. As the President prepares to release his own ideas for immigration reform, it is my hope that he looks to this bipartisan proposal as a blueprint for his plans moving forward. http://1.usa.gov/XaeLgr
Today I introduced a bill to provide much-needed tax relief for Nevadans. Learn about it here: http://1.usa.gov/VagEIy
Joined Senator Joe Manchin III, Senator Lamar Alexander, Senator Kelly Ayotte, John Boozman, John Cornyn, and Mike Enzi today to introduce No Budget, No Pay. If Members of Congress don't do their job, they should not be paid. Like this post if you agree.
ICYMI: I discussed No Budget, No Pay on Fox & Friends this morning.
My thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Cuaresma’s son, Silverio Cuaresma Jr., his friends and his entire family during this difficult time. As one of the WWII Mighty Five Nevadans, Mr. Cuaresma fought tirelessly to secure recognition for this nation’s nearly 24,000 Filipino WWII veterans. His service to this country remains an example of American heroism. We have a moral obligation to continue the fight to ensure that Filipino veterans, like Mr. Cuaresma, are honored for their sacrifices.
 http://1.usa.gov/Yja0WS
Today I join Americans across the country by gathering to witness the Inauguration ceremonies of the President and Vice President of the United States. On this day, we celebrate the strength of our democracy and recognize that Americans across the political spectrum stand united behind the ideals outlined in our Constitution.  As President Obama puts forward his vision for the next four years, we also pay tribute to the vision and life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Not only do we recognize Dr. King for his service, but we also remember him as both an inspirational leader and advocate of tolerance, peace, and equality. His vision for America stands as an example for us all and I join with everyone across this great nation in honoring his legacy. http://1.usa.gov/ULtCy7
Pleased to see support from Speaker John Boehner for my legislation, No Budget No Pay. It's a much-needed, common-sense approach.  Like this post and share it with your friends if you think House and Senate leadership should take up this legislation.  http://1.usa.gov/WMQuex
Had a great time at Exotics Racing in Las Vegas today. Thanks Romain Thievin and David Perisset.
Congratulations to Nevada Teacher of Year Adam Whatley.
Hiring Our Heroes and The American Legion National Headquarters are holding a job fair for Nevada’s heroes in Fallon. Click here to learn more: http://www.uschamber.com/hiringourheroes/fallon-nv
Lynne and I are looking forward to Governor Brian Sandoval's State of the State address tomorrow. You can watch online here: http://leg.state.nv.us/
I spoke with No Labels members this morning about my bill No Budget, No Pay. You can watch the video here:
Great job last night Colin Kaepernick! The Silver State is proud! #BattleBorn #QuestforSix 
Tahoe-area volunteers' efforts help in adoption of pancreatic cancer law.  http://bit.ly/VmWtKW
Soon we will discuss Washington’s out-of-control spending. Learn about my simple solution called the No Budget, No Pay Act here:
Congratulations Brian Polian for being named as the Nevada Wolf Pack football head coach. Welcome to the Biggest Little City! #BattleBorn
It has been an honor to work with Frank Fahrenkopf and to get to know him well over the course of many years.  http://1.usa.gov/109EzPQ
NA
Looking forward to serving on Banking and Veterans’ Affairs Committees and continuing to advocate for the Great State of Nevada.  http://1.usa.gov/WcdxPt
Our nation’s unemployment number remains far too high and Nevadans are continuing to struggle. With the debt ceiling looming dangerously close, Washington’s failure to act right now will result in devastating consequences for Nevada’s families and businesses. Earlier this week, I supported a bipartisan plan to make tax relief for the middle class permanent. Now, Democrats and Republicans must come together and put a stop to excessive spending. Reining in spending is the only way to lay the groundwork for economic opportunity for future generations. By working together, I am confident that we can propel this country to a time of greater optimism and success. http://1.usa.gov/S9nuCp
Definitely an interesting read. Tark is a legend.
It is truly an honor to serve Nevadans as a U.S. Senator and I am grateful for this opportunity. Times are tough, especially for the Silver State, and I remain focused on creating a bigger, brighter future for our children and grandchildren. In order to do this, Democrats and Republicans must commit to working together so that Congress can better serve the American people. Together, we can provide the certainty Nevada families and businesses have been so hungry for. I am looking forward to the coming years because I know that the Silver State’s best days are ahead.
Congress has had nearly a year and a half to work out a deal, but the Senate has waited until the final hours to vote on a proposal. This entire process has been an embarrassment, and I hope that Washington finally realizes that running the clock on last-minute, high-drama crises is no way to run a country. Moving forward, Democrats and Republicans must commit to working together so that Congress can better serve the American people.  Times are tough, especially for the Silver State, and ultimately the Senate did the right thing today by providing certainty for Nevada’s families and businesses. Today the Senate came to an agreement on a pro-growth solution that will allow Nevadans to keep more of the money they earned in their pockets. While I did not get everything that I wanted, this bipartisan compromise will allow businesses to start planning for the future and ensure that unemployment benefits are extended at a time when so many Nevadans are looking for employment.  http://1.usa.gov/VAOGpf
