NA
Year-End Accomplishments & Looking Ahead to the New Congress By Senator Mitch McConnell  December 18, 2014  Last month, the people of Kentucky elected me to be their Senator for the next six years and in the process helped me become Senate Majority Leader. I am deeply honored and humbled by the faith the voters have placed in me.  The message from the electorate in Kentucky and nationwide could not have been more clear: the public wants a change in direction and expects things to get done in Washington. I am pleased to report that just in the past several weeks, I have been able to fight for and secure a number of positive measures to help improve the lives of Kentucky families.  Before adjourning, Congress passed legislation that prevents a retroactive tax increase on many small businesses, farmers and individuals across Kentucky. One of the more important provisions allows small businesses and farmers to expense certain business investments—for instance, the purchase of new equipment—which will help spur economic growth and job creation in the Commonwealth.  Congress also passed a bipartisan bill I was proud to co-sponsor which will assist Kentuckians with disabilities and parents who have children with disabilities. The Achieving a Better Life Experience, or ABLE Act, authorizes families to create tax-advantaged savings accounts that can be used for education, housing and transportation expenses for Kentuckians who have family members with disabilities. National Down Syndrome Society Ambassador Lynn Braker of Lexington, Kentucky said of this measure: “This is a monumental, landmark bill for people with Down syndrome and our families. This bill will change the way that families, including mine, will save for all their children and adults with Down syndrome.” The same is equally true for families coping with other disabilities.  I also supported legislation in this Congress which will provide a steadier and more reliable funding stream for America’s veterans programs. We must never forget the noble sacrifices made by our nation’s veterans, and this provision helps us stay true to this pledge.  We also passed a provision that shields Kentucky’s new lawful industrial hemp pilot programs and related university research from interference by the Department of Justice. This is good for our Kentucky farmers who are increasingly looking to hemp as a potential cash crop and job creator. Similarly, another provision I supported blocks the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from implementing the burdensome “Waters of the U.S.” regulations on our farmers. Helping to get the Obama administration’s Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) off the back of Kentucky farmers will have a beneficial impact on the economy of our state.  Another provision I supported that became law will ease regulations on those in the coal industry by lifting a ground transportation restriction that negatively impacted the movement of this resource—one way we can help fight the Obama administration’s War on Coal.  In addition to these more broad-based measures, I was proud to support provisions that positively affect specific Kentucky concerns. For example, I helped ensure that National Guard drug interdiction programs, chemical weapons disposal efforts at the Blue Grass Army Depot, and clean-up efforts at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant were all fully funded.  While this is good progress, we have much more to do. After the holidays, a new Republican Congress will take over and move forward to aid our nation’s economy on several fronts, starting with passage of the Keystone XL pipeline bill. This measure will create thousands of new jobs right away. A Republican Senate will redouble efforts to combat the president’s War on Coal. And a Republican Senate will have the opportunity to push back on the president’s unilateral action on immigration and continue the fight to repeal Obamacare, even as we work to address the damage it continues to do to our country and our economy.  Kentuckians know that once I take over as Senate Majority Leader in January, I will continue to vigorously fight for them and their priorities. Until then I wish my fellow Kentuckians a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
NA
Senator McConnell praised by National Down Syndrome Society & Autism Speaks for his leadership on #ABLEAct 1.usa.gov/16tfog3 #Kentucky
McConnell-Sponsored Bipartisan Bill to Assist Kentuckians with Disabilities Passes Senate http://1.usa.gov/1DJlNCs  #ABLEAct
McConnell on Surgeon General Confirmation   ‘With America facing the challenge of Ebola and other serious health challenges, it’s unfortunate that the President chose a nominee based on the candidate’s political support instead of a long career delivering patient care and managing difficult health crises.’  WASHINGTON, DC – Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell issued the following statement today after the Senate voted to confirm Dr. Vivek Murthy as Surgeon General of the United States:  “The Surgeon General is known as America’s doctor and the men and women chosen to fill that role in the past have usually been highly qualified individuals with substantial experience in patient care. Unfortunately, Dr. Murthy’s nomination had more to do with politics – he was a founder in 2008 of a group called Doctors for Obama, and has been an outspoken political advocate of Obamacare and gun control – than his medical experience. With America facing the challenge of Ebola and other serious health challenges, it’s unfortunate that the President chose a nominee based on the candidate’s political support instead of a long career delivering patient care and managing difficult health crises.”  ###
NA
The following article appeared in the Sunday print edition of the Washington Post: Mitch McConnell had the Best Year in Washington. wapo.st/1vJu533 pic.twitter.com/y6dsaKrYfY #Kentucky
NA
Washington Post via @TheFix: Mitch McConnell had the Best Year in Washington.
Today, in his office in the U.S. Capitol, Senator McConnell congratulated and welcomed Senator-elect Bill Cassidy of Louisiana to the Senate
Barkley’s grandson praises Senator McConnell: As Kentuckians, I think we should all be excited about what Sen. McConnell’s new job will mean for us, and proud that one of our own has reached this lofty post. There is no doubt in my mind that my grandfather would feel the same. He and Sen. McConnell have much in common, and both are a good example for the rest of us regardless of which political we happen to belong.
Roll Call: McConnell Plots a Functional, Bipartisan Senate
Sen. McConnell's oped from this weekend regarding #Kentucky #coal printed in the Appalachian News Express in Pikeville.
On this 73rd anniversary of the Japanese attack on #PearlHarbor, join me in expressing admiration and respect for the Greatest Generation.
Saturday is Thank A Miner Day. It’s a good day to remember that the Kentucky coal miner is the heir to a long and storied tradition. In fact, coal mining goes back to before Kentucky was even a state.  Dr. Thomas Walker in 1750 was the first person recorded in history to discover and use coal in Kentucky. His discovery would alter the course of a Commonwealth, and change the lives of millions of Kentuckians he’d never meet.  Mining technologies have come a long way since the 18th century. But in a world that sometimes no longer seems to value sweat and hard work, today’s miners are still working hard every day. They’re putting food on the table and giving their families a better life.  Yes, coal mining provides many good paying jobs for Kentuckians. But for so many, coal mining is more than just a job. It’s a heritage worth protecting and preserving.
Thanksgiving is a time for Kentuckians to gather together and express gratitude for the freedoms we enjoy, the many blessings we have received, and the family and friends who enrich our lives.  Kentucky is also home to many brave servicemembers, here and abroad, and we’re grateful for their sacrifice.  Despite the challenges we may face in our daily lives, we know all Americans give thanks today for those many gifts, and for our country.  Have a Happy Thanksgiving.
"Thanksgiving is a time for Kentuckians to gather together and express gratitude for the freedoms we enjoy, the many blessings we have received, and the family and friends who enrich our lives.  "Kentucky is also home to many brave servicemembers, here and abroad, and we're grateful for their sacrifice.  "Despite the challenges we may face in our daily lives, we know all Americans give thanks today for those many gifts, and for our country.  "Have a Happy Thanksgiving."
Senator McConnell's statement regarding the resignation of Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel.
Saturday, November 22, is National #Adoption Day. Join me in thanking the many Kentuckians who have opened their homes through adoption. Check out Senator McConnell's op-ed on its importance
McConnell-Supported Bill to Update VFW Federal Charter Passes Senate; Now Goes to President for Signature  WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell announced today that the U.S. Senate passed a bipartisan bill he supported that would better reflect the service and sacrifice of women in the military by updating the federal charter for the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) of the United States. The bill now goes to the President for his signature.  Senator McConnell was the first Senate Republican to cosponsor the Senate version of the bill.  Senator McConnell worked with his colleagues and Kentucky’s VFW leaders in this effort to update the VFW’s Federal charter for our nation’s women veterans.   “It’s always an honor to secure passage of legislation to honor our nation’s heroes and I will remain committed, through my new role as Senate Majority Leader in the next Congress, to build on efforts to best assist the men and women who served in our military,” Senator McConnell said.  Senator McConnell has long been a leader in Congress for Kentucky veterans. He has been a vigorous advocate for Kentucky’s servicemembers and military families and has supported numerous pieces of legislation important to Kentucky’s veterans, including bills to reform the Veterans Administration (VA), reduce the VA claims backlog and increase cost-of-living-adjustment disability benefits for our veterans and their survivors.   ####
Senator Mitch McConnell's speech today on the President's immigration plan is here: http://t.co/DuMjeX33vn
#tbt University of Kentucky Coach John Calipari presented 2012 NCAA National Championship floor to UK alumnus Senator McConnell. It's going to be an impressive year for #BBN. #platoon
McConnell: ‘Congress Will Act’ if President Issues Immigration Order  ‘The action he’s proposed would ignore the law, would reject the voice of the voters, and would impose new unfairness on law-abiding immigrants — all without solving the problem. In fact, his action is more likely to make it even worse.’  WASHINGTON, DC – Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following statement today regarding the President’s proposed executive action on immigration:  “I’d like to say a few words this morning about President Obama’s proposed executive action on immigration.  “And I’ll begin with a quote from the President. ‘Democracy is hard,’ he said during a commencement speech in Miami three years ago. “But it’s right. [And] changing our laws means doing the hard work of changing minds and changing votes, one by one.”  “As someone who well understands just how difficult the work of changing minds and votes can be, I couldn’t agree more with the President’s statement.”  “Americans accept that democracy’s blessings are only made possible by the constraints it imposes — both its legal contours and those imposed by popular election. We accept democracy’s messiness. We accept that we may not always get all of what we want exactly when we want it. And based on more of what the President said in Miami, this is something he seemed to understand too.”  “He was talking about immigration that day, and here’s something else he said on the topic. ‘I know [that] some… wish that I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how democracy works.’  “Indeed, it isn’t.  “All of which makes the President’s planned executive action on immigration even more jarring.  “If the President truly follows through on this attempt to impose his will unilaterally, he will have issued a rebuke to his own stated view of democracy. And he will have contradicted his past statements on this very issue.   “The instances of President Obama saying that he does not have the power to do the kinds of things he now plans to do are almost too numerous to list. He tried to suggest otherwise last weekend. But a prominent fact-checker panned the spin as ‘Pinocchio-laden’ and clarified that the President has been asked ‘specifically…[about] the sorts of actions that he is contemplating now.’ The President’s previous answers seemed to be unequivocal: he lacked the legal authority to act.  “As just one example, President Obama said last year that executive action was ‘not an option’ because ‘[he] would be ignoring the law.’ ‘There is a path to get this done,’ he said, ‘and that is through Congress.’  “He’s right. The action he’s proposed would ignore the law, would reject the voice of the voters, and would impose new unfairness on law-abiding immigrants — all without solving the problem. In fact, his action is more likely to make it even worse.  “We’ve already seen the consequences of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, his most recent action in this area. It was a factor in encouraging young people to risk their lives on a perilous journey some would never complete.   “The effects of this action could be just as tragic.   “Just as the ‘Affordable Care Act’ had little to do with making health care more affordable, slapping the term “immigration reform” on something doesn’t mean it’s actually immigration reform.   “And just as with Obamacare, the action the President is proposing isn’t about solutions.   “It isn’t about compassion.  “It seems to be about what a political party thinks would make for good politics.  “It seems to be about what a President thinks would be good for his legacy.   “Those are not the motivations that should be driving such sweeping action. And I think the President will come to regret the chapter history writes if he does move forward.  “Because the plan he’s presenting is more than just, as the President himself has acknowledged, an overreach — it’s also unfair.  “What does the President have to say to the countless aspiring immigrants who’ve spent years waiting patiently in line? To the people who’ve played by all the rules?  “Where is his compassion for them?  “What does the President have to say to the millions of Americans who still can’t find work in this economy? The President can’t reach across the aisle to secure a serious jobs plan for them, but he’s willing to put everything he’s got into this one executive action?  “Where is the justice in that?  “There is a larger point here too.  “Some people seem to have forgotten this already, but we just had an election.  “Before that election, the President told us about his plan to act unilaterally on immigration.  “He reminded us that his policies were on the ballot.   “And then the people spoke.   “The President doesn’t have to like the result, but he has a duty to respect it.  “The American people sent a message. They said they want to see us working together. They said they want to see more serious ideas pass through Congress.  “What they didn’t say they wanted to see was the President sidestepping the very representatives they just elected.   “That’s why so many Kentuckians have been calling my office in opposition to this plan. I know phones have continued to ring off the hook all week in other offices across Capitol Hill.  “Our constituents want to be heard. President Obama needs to listen to their voices.   “If nothing else, perhaps the President will at least consider the views of the Democrat Senators and Members of Congress who’ve urged him not to do this. These Democrats understand the consequences of a President from a different political party citing this precedent in the future.  “Either way, he needs to understand something.  “If President Obama acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country, Congress will act.   “We’re considering a variety of options. But make no mistake. When the newly elected representatives of the people take their seats, they will act.  “Look: As the President has said, democracy is hard.   “Imposing his will unilaterally may seem tempting. It may serve him politically in the short term. But he knows that it will make an already-broken system even more broken.  “And he knows that this is not how democracy is supposed to work. Because he told us so himself.”  ###
‘The action he’s proposed would ignore the law, would reject the voice of the voters, and would impose new unfairness on law-abiding immigrants — all without solving the problem. In fact, his action is more likely to make it even worse.’
“Tonight, Senate Democrats once again stood in the way of a shovel-ready jobs project that would help thousands of Americans find work —  a remarkable stance after an election in which the American people sent a clear message to Congress to approve serious policies like the Keystone XL Pipeline and get the Senate working again. Unfortunately, many Senate Democrats failed to hear that message. But once the 114th Congress convenes, the Senate will act again on this important legislation, and I look forward to the new Republican majority taking up and passing the Keystone jobs bill early in the New Year.”
It's Tuesday, time for the Media Stakeout!
Thankful for #Kentucky #coal miners for their work to help keep Americans warm this season.
Senator McConnell: ‘Keystone XL is just common-sense. It’s a shovel-ready jobs project that would help thousands of Americans find work. It would increase our supply of North American energy. And it would do all that with minimal net climate impact. That’s why the American people support it. That’s why Republicans support it.’
Sen. McConnell: ‘And at a moment when the United States is conducting a military campaign to disrupt, dismantle and defeat ISIL, now is not the time to be considering legislation that takes away the exact tools we need to combat ISIL.’
“We’ve assembled a great leadership team that will focus on getting the Senate working again, and passing legislation to help create jobs, improve the economy and continue moving our nation towards energy independence,” said McConnell. “We are eager to work towards bipartisan agreements and to implement real legislative accomplishments.”
WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell issued the following statement on the agreement to hold a Senate vote on construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline:  “The American people have elected a new Republican Majority in the Senate and that has already made a difference. I was glad to see that Senate Democrats have finally backed off trying to obstruct construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, the single largest shovel-ready project in America. I hope this post-election conversion on Keystone signals Democrat cooperation on a whole host of other energy bills they have blocked, and whose passage would help to make America more energy-independent.”
'This unrealistic plan, that the President would dump on his successor, would ensure higher utility rates and far fewer jobs.’
Welcome, GOP Senators-elect!
NA
Sen. McConnell: "Today we celebrate Veterans Day and honor America’s veterans for their patriotism, love of country, and willingness to serve and sacrifice on behalf of the common good. From the freedom fighters of the Revolutionary War to today's veterans who fought bravely in Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere around the world, America has never lacked for brave men and women who were willing to stand for freedom. Today we give thanks for their service.  “Kentucky has a proud and venerable military history as home to both Fort Knox and Fort Campbell, with thousands of soldiers and their families. The Commonwealth also looks with great pride upon the scores of brave National Guard members and Reservists who have given much to defend our nation. And Kentucky is home to more than 330,000 veterans who have served bravely in uniform. They were willing to sacrifice their all for their country, and I’m proud to represent them in the United States Senate.  “So this Veterans Day, we recognize the service of every veteran who has served with honor and courage. We extend thanks to every man and woman in uniform. And we especially pay tribute to those who gave their lives for their country."
Happy 239th birthday to the United States Marine Corps. I have the deepest respect for those who have served this nation to protect its people & principles. Semper Fi.
Senator McConnell's op-ed in today's Wall Street Journal.
Senator Mitch McConnell and Representative Brett Guthrie meet with officials at Kentucky Bioprocessing in Owensboro, Kentucky to discuss their #Ebola treatment research using tobacco plants.
PADUCAH, KY – Today, Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) was named a Champion of Maritime by the American Maritime Partnership (AMP), the voice of the domestic maritime industry.  McConnell’s home state of Kentucky ranks fifth in the nation in per capita domestic maritime jobs, according to a recent study by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) for the Transportation Institute. The state’s 13,260 domestic maritime jobs pump more than $2.7 billion annually into the Kentucky economy and maritime worker income in the state totals more than $720 million.   “America’s maritime industry is critical to our nation and to Kentucky, which is home to over 13,000 maritime jobs,” said McConnell. “As a long-time supporter of our inland waterways industry and the Commonwealth’s inland waterways infrastructure like Olmsted Lock and Dam and Kentucky Lock, I was proud to help guide the recent WRDA bill through the Senate and into law this summer.  I am honored to be named a Champion of Maritime by the American Maritime Partnership here in Paducah, the heart of Kentucky’s inland waterways industry, and I will continue to advocate on behalf of Kentucky’s maritime jobs.”
Senator McConnell said he believes Nelson County’s HIDTA designation “will be a significant moment in this community’s ongoing fight against those who seek to benefit from the misery wrought by illegal drug use. I want to thank HIDTA Executive Director Frank Rapier for his leadership. I also want to thank our hosts, Chief Rick McCubbin and Sheriff Stephen Campbell. We are glad today to announce that Nelson County has been included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, or ‘HIDTA’ program.”
During an event in Bardstown, Kentucky, U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell announced Friday that Nelson County is now included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) program. A HIDTA designation provides agencies with coordination, equipment, technology, and additional resources to combat drug production and trafficking. Earlier this year, Senator McConnell spoke directly with the Acting Drug Czar Michael Botticelli to advocate on behalf of Nelson County’s HIDTA designation.    At the event, Senator McConnell said he believes Nelson County’s HIDTA designation “will be a significant moment in this community’s ongoing fight against those who seek to benefit from the misery wrought by illegal drug use. I want to thank HIDTA Executive Director Frank Rapier for his leadership. I also want to thank our hosts, Chief Rick McCubbin and Sheriff Stephen Campbell. We are glad today to announce that Nelson County has been included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, or ‘HIDTA’ program.”  Photo Courtesy of Fallon Glick of WDRB-TV
Sen. Mitch McConnell was on hand here Thursday afternoon to celebrate the addition of Madison County, something he lobbied federal officials to make happen.
Sen. McConnell joins local & state law enforcement to announce national anti-drug program for Madison Co, #Kentucky.  Sen. McConnell: "We are glad today to announce that Madison County has been included in the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, or “HIDTA” program. Far from just another federal government acronym, the HIDTA model is one that works. It couples federal law-enforcement personnel with state and local task forces, and supplies needed training and technology to this fight. That is why when Kentucky cops and prosecutors sought my assistance in getting Madison County included in the HIDTA program, I was all in."
Senator Mitch McConnell talking about his fight against President Obama's War on #Coal during a visit to Floyd County in eastern #Kentucky today.
#Kentucky home health care providers fear effects of cuts to Medicare via @WHAS11 http://www.whas11.com/news/politics/Ky-home-health-care-providers-fear-effects-of-cuts-to-Medicare-278053231.html
McConnell promises push to restore planned cuts to home health care - WDRB 41 Louisville News http://www.wdrb.com/story/26700861/mcconnell-promises-push-to-restore-planned-cuts-to-home-health-care#.VDL81YlLOLU.twitter
To expand Kentucky families’ access to 529 plans, and make it even easier for them to pay for their child’s higher education, I was proud to offer the Enhanced 529-Setting Aside for a Valuable Education, or Enhanced 529-SAVE, Act on the floor of the U.S. Senate last month.  The Enhanced 529-SAVE Act will make 529 plans more accessible by encouraging employers to contribute to an employee’s 529 plan. My bill would exclude up to $600 of an employer’s contribution from an employee’s gross income. This will help families and individuals save more for higher education expenses.  The Enhanced 529-SAVE Act will also help lower-income families and individuals save money for college by allowing the individual that contributes to the 529 plan to qualify for the Saver’s Credit, which is an income-based, non-refundable tax credit up to $4,000.  These are powerful savings tools that help students and their families afford college. 
NA
McConnell has also worked to secure federal grants for many community prevention and treatment efforts, and helped to successfully convince the FDA to take an important step toward limiting the abuse of generic crushable prescription pain pills.
Frank Rapier, executive director of Appalachia HIDTA, said McConnell’s advocacy was critical in adding Madison and Nelson counties. “Sen. McConnell has consistently championed the efforts of drug enforcement in Kentucky in the effort to fight the ravages of drugs in our communities,” Rapier said.
Nelson, Madison counties added to Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area WHAS11 Monday September 29, 2014 http://www.whas11.com/community/blogs/political-blog/Nelson-Madison-counties-added-to-Appalachia-High-Intensity-Drug-Trafficking-Area-277502121.html  The Office of National Drug Control added Nelson and Madison counties to the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area.  Mitch McConnell pushed for those counties in August.  The program provides agencies with coordination, equipment, technology, and additional resources to combat drug production and trafficking.    “A HIDTA designation allows us to efficiently leverage federal resources along with those of state and local partners to directly benefit particularly hard-hit counties such as Nelson and Madison,” McConnell said.
‘’Senator McConnell has consistently championed the efforts of drug enforcement in Kentucky in their efforts to fight the ravages of drugs in our communities. This would not have happened but for him,” said Frank Rapier, Executive Director Appalachia HIDTA and 49 year law enforcement veteran.
KSP Drug 'Take Back' Event Saturday By West Kentucky Star Staff HICKORY, KY - Kentucky State Police will partner with the Drug Enforcement Administration on Saturday to remove old drugs from home medicine cabinets.  This is the eighth national DEA 'Take Back' initiative the agency has participated in. According to a press release, since the program's inception in September 2010, KSP has collected over 5,600 pounds of prescription drugs. Collection activities will take place on Saturday from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm at the KSP Post 1 Mayfield, located at 8366 ST RT 45 North in Hickory.  KSP officials said the program is designed to be easy to use, and offered the following tips for those interested in participating:  Participants may dispose of medication in its original container or by removing the medication from its container and disposing of it directly into the disposal box.      -All solid dosage pharmaceutical products in consumer containers may be accepted.  -Liquid products, such as cough syrup, will not be accepted.  -Intra-venous solutions, injectibles, and syringes will not be accepted due to potential hazard posed by blood-borne pathogens.  -Illicit substances such as marijuana or methamphetamine are not a part of this initiative and should not be placed in collection containers.  Click the link below to find locations in your area: http://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/index.html
NA
“We greatly appreciate Senator McConnell being the first Republican Senate cosponsor of this important bill to update the VFW charter to more accurately honor the role of women veterans and servicemembers. Senator McConnell’s commitment to Kentucky’s veterans is unrivaled and we have no better friend in Washington,” said Brian J. Duffy of Louisville, VFW National Junior Vice Commander-in-Chief.
From the Clay County News:  “This legislation is about honoring the sacrifices of those on the front-line in protecting Kentucky communities, state and local law enforcement officers, and ensuring the surviving families of those killed in action are treated the same as federal officers,” Senator McConnell said. “I have heard from friends in Kentucky law enforcement who support this common sense measure and I proudly stand with them.”
"I want to congratulate Kentucky's Agriculture Commissioner James Comer and the University of Kentucky for today's harvest of the hemp crop from its pilot program. I was proud to include the measure in the Farm Bill that gave Commissioner Comer the go ahead to cultivate hemp for pilot programs, while maintaining my long-standing support for Kentucky's law enforcement's aggressive efforts at marijuana interdiction. I have heard from many Kentuckians who see this as a first step towards re-establishing this commodity and market for Kentucky, one that may create jobs in the future,” said Senator McConnell.
“In one way or another, cancer has touched the lives of almost every American, and ensuring Kentucky’s seniors have access to innovative diagnostic tools and treatment options should be a priority,” said Senator McConnell.
■ U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell has been named a Friend of Farm Bureau by the American Farm Bureau Federation. The award is given each Congress and is based upon members' voting records and their accessibility and responsiveness to their state's farmers. McConnell was nominated for the award for the 113th Congress by the Kentucky Farm Bureau.  Some of McConnell's accomplishments include inserting language in the 2014 Farm Bill to allow hemp pilot programs to begin in Kentucky, securing a permanent increase in the death tax exemption to protect Kentucky family farms, and leading the fight to protect Kentucky's tobacco farmers, including securing the tobacco buyout.  
“This legislation is about honoring the sacrifices of those on the front-line in protecting Kentucky communities, state and local law enforcement officers, and ensuring the surviving families of those killed in action are treated the same as federal officers,” Senator McConnell said. “I have heard from friends in Kentucky law enforcement who support this common sense measure and I proudly stand with them.”
“The Senate did the right thing today by passing the Debbie Smith Act, which will help speed up the testing of rape kits to solve crime, provide relief to the victims of sexual assault and help ensure that more perpetrators of these terrible crimes are brought to justice. This important bill has already passed the House of Representatives and is now on the way to the White House where President Obama is expected to sign it. I have been privileged to meet several times with the namesake of this bill, Mrs. Debbie Smith, and honored to have Debbie and her husband Rob join me at the Kentucky State Police Laboratory last month where she explained in compelling terms the real world implications of the legislation and need for its passage. It is just and fitting for Congress to pass this bill that is named for such a tireless advocate for those who suffer terrible abuse.”  
“My legislation will help families and individuals pay for higher education expenses, and I urge my colleagues to consider and pass this measure,” Senator McConnell said. “I remain committed to making higher education more affordable and accessible for our nation’s students, and this bill will help lower- to middle-income families and individuals in Kentucky save for their child’s future.”
NA
McConnell-Sponsored Sunscreen Innovation Act Passes Senate; Bill Supports #Kentucky manufacturing facilitiies & #jobs 
Sen. McConnell: I applaud the House for passing #AuditTheFed. As a co-sponsor, I strongly support Senator Rand Paul's bill and the Senate should take it up for a vote.
‘On this Constitution Day, we are reminded of the obligation that we have to guard and uphold our nation’s Constitution, and we are grateful for the courageous work and incredible foresight that our forefathers showed in drafting and signing it on that memorable day in Philadelphia.’
NA
EPA Grants McConnell's Request: Gives Kentuckians More Time to Voice Their Concerns on Proposed Anti-Coal Rule.   “With the EPA agreeing to our request for an extension, Kentuckians will now have more time to tell the agency how the proposed regulation will affect them.  It will also allow more time to accurately assess the damage that such a terrible, unprecedented rule would have on our state, particularly on Kentucky’s miners and their families and those who otherwise rely on coal for their livelihood,” Senator McConnell said.
“I have heard from many Kentucky veterans who are concerned they would not receive their COLA this year,” Senator McConnell said. “Our veterans have fought hard to defend our country and our freedom and I am honored to fight on their behalf in the United States Senate.  I am pleased the Senate has taken action to help Kentucky’s veterans, military retirees and their families.” 
Every American on 9/11 bore witness to terrible tragedy and suffering. But that wasn't all we witnessed. We also saw incredible acts of bravery, and compassion, and heroism. We saw it in a great city, we saw it on the edge of a capital, and we heard about it high above the clouds.   The sacrifices of those heroes of 9/11 inspired us then, and they inspire us now.  The memory of every man and women who perished so tragically that day continues to serve as a unifying force for our nation. And we will never stop honoring them.
NA
Senator McConnell honors @WildTurkey Distillery’s Master Distiller, Jimmy Russell, on 60 yrs of making #bourbon in #Kentucky. pic.twitter.com/xIaeWDOhpY
Senator McConnell: ‘If Congress is asked to support a strategy, it needs to be a strategy that is designed to succeed.  Not a mere restatement of current policy, which we know is insufficient to the task. The President must seize this opportunity to lead.  This is not the time to shirk or put off his solemn responsibilities as commander in chief. Because passing off this threat to his successor would not only be irresponsible, it would increase the threat that ISIL poses to Americans, by enabling it to secure its gains within Iraq and Syria.’
NA
NA
Sen. McConnell: '‘[The President] needs to identify military objectives, and explain how those ends will be accomplished. He needs to present this plan to the Congress and the American people, and where the President believes he lacks authority to execute such a strategy, he needs to explain to the Congress how additional authority for the use of force will protect America.’
Jimmy Rose, proud to stand with you in the fight for #Kentucky #coal jobs & families. #CoalKeepsTheLightsOn
“Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell’s 2014 ‘Friend of Farm Bureau’ Award was earned, not given,” said Mark Haney, president of Kentucky Farm Bureau. 
Sen. McConnell honored today for his "support & effort on behalf of Drug Enforcement Nationally & #Kentucky" by Kentucky Narcotics Officers' Association.
Today on Fox Business News: Senate minority leader Senator Mitch McConnell discusses President Obama’s handling of ISIS, and his plans for the Republicans in the next session of Congress before the election. Click below to watch the interview: 
U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell received the “Federal Legislator of the Year” award today from the Kentucky Narcotics Officers’ Association (KNOA) during the organization’s state conference in Louisville, Kentucky. Composed of more than 500 law enforcement officers from across the Commonwealth, KNOA works to improve intelligence sharing and training in the fight against Kentucky’s drug epidemic.   Speaking before KNOA today, Senator McConnell thanked the organization for the honor and said he was “humbled and grateful. Humbled because I’ve done what I think any elected official, and any father of three daughters, should do to forge the greatest possible partnership with law enforcement. And grateful because of the work, sacrifices, and service of all of you, KNOA, and all of Kentucky’s law-enforcement officers, who put their lives on the line to serve and protect.”  Senator McConnell also thanked KNOA for their “dedication to fighting the scourge of illegal drug use. No drug crime is a victimless crime. Drugs destroy people and tear apart families in a way unlike any other crime. As you well know, Kentucky still faces many challenges – namely with prescription drug abuse and heroin use. But thanks to your efforts, I believe we have made considerable progress toward ensuring that Kentucky communities are safe from this scourge.” 
Dress for Success Lexington is a model for serving the community. They are not just helping people – more importantly they are providing the tools and training for women to help themselves, and in turn do the same for others.
Senator Mitch McConnell makes stops in Lexington, Nicholasville, Wilmore, Harrodsburg and Danville today.
NA
Senator McConnell talks with reporter from East Kentucky Broadcasting (EKBNews) following an event in Ivel, Kentucky.
NA
Senator McConnell talking #coal and #jobs with Kentuckians during visit to Worldwide Equipment in Prestonsburg, #Kentucky
Senator Mitch McConnell enjoyed visiting & speaking w/ Eula Hall & staff of the Eula Hall Health Center in Grethel, #Kentucky. Eula Hall founded the facility in 1973, which provides quality health care services to people of eastern Kentucky. During the visit to Grethel, Senator McConnell also met with local elementary school students.
Thanks, Worldwide Equipment for welcoming Senator McConnell and for all you and your employees do for the Commonwealth. The Senator enjoyed visiting with Kentuckians today at your facility in Prestonsburg. 
McConnell visits w/ students and graduates in Prestonsburg, #Kentucky & congratulates Carl D. Perkins Job Corps Center on 50th anniversary.
#tbt to when Sen. McConnell was awarded his second "Golden Plow" by the American @FarmBureau for his commitment to #Kentucky and America's farmers. The Golden Plow award is given annually to one Senator and one Congressman who best represents America’s farm interests. 
Sen. McConnell talking w/ Kentuckians about agriculture issues important to state at the Daviess County Fairgrounds
Sen. McConnell made stops today in Butler & Grayson counties to talk about agriculture issues important to #Kentucky
Great visit to Hardin County Schools Early College & Career Center today. Senator Mitch McConnell enjoyed visiting and meeting with students from the district’s three high schools as they prepare for their future. Sen. McConnell also got a demo by the award-winning robotics team and stopped by the Culinary classroom.
Opinion: Sen. McConnell bill would reduce infant drug addiction cin.ci/VzBEOY via @Enquirer
Sen. McConnell spent the day visiting with Kentuckians in western Kentucky. He made stops today in Mayfield, Bardwell, Clinton and Fulton.
Sen. McConnell's column: Kentuckians deserve to have their voices heard by the EPA in President Obama’s war on #coal 
Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell was in Owensboro on Monday, where he received an award from the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.  
Today, Senator Mitch McConnell called on the Senate to pass the reauthorization of the Debbie Smith Act, which provides resources to crime labs in Kentucky and across the country to help reduce the backlog of untested rape kits and other DNA evidence. At the press conference, Debbie Smith said Senator McConnell's "commitment to this legislation speaks of his devotion to women, to crime victims & their families" Senator  McConnell said Debbie Smith is a brave, strong woman & has become a tireless advocate for those who suffer terrible abuse.
AP reports: Senator McConnell urges Senate to reauthorize law [Debbie Smith Act] aimed at quick processing of rape kits. Debbie Smith said Senator McConnell's "commitment to this legislation speaks of his devotion to women, to crime victims & their families"
NA
McConnell pushing for passage of bill to speed rape investigations. Click link below to view report from WDRB TV in Louisville, Kentucky. 
Senator McConnell: "Passing the Debbie Smith Act will help speed up the testing of rape kits to solve crimes and provide relief to the victims of sexual violence. It will help ensure that more of the perpetrators of these terrible crimes are brought to justice. And it is critical to provide crime labs like this one with the resources they need to eliminate backlogs and speed up investigations"
“I was proud to support this legislation,” Senator McConnell said. “When veterans are denied care, it’s a priority deserving of bipartisan attention, and this legislation will help ensure the VA lives up to the promises that we made to our veterans. We owe them no less.”
In a letter to Senator McConnell, the March of Dimes applauds the Senator's leadership in introducing the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2014. They call his bill an "important step in addressing the growing problem of maternal drug addiction" and infant opiate withdrawal. In the letter to Sen. McConnell, the March of Dimes wrote that they "look forward to working with you to promote the health and well-being of women, children and families and ensuring that every infant has a healthy start in life."
“Senator McConnell exemplifies leadership by advancing policies that foster innovation in the life sciences industry and promote critical research and jobs right here in Kentucky,” said Dr. Kyle Keeney, Executive Director of the KLSC. “He has also taken the next step by supporting programs like Medicare Part D to ensure those lifesaving innovations in medicine reach the people who need them most.”  Sen. McConnell has demonstrated a long history of support for life science innovation taking place at Kentucky’s research universities. He was also recently instrumental in passing the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, which directs millions of dollars in funding to the National Institutes of Health for research on pediatric cancer, autism and other diseases. 
Read Senator McConnell's latest column: Kentuckians Deserve to have their Voices Heard by the EPA in President Obama’s War on #Coal:  
NA
The Kentuckians for Better Transportation thanked Senator McConnell in their newsletter today, “KBT thanks Senator McConnell for his leadership in passage of this much needed extension and for his support of Kentucky's transportation infrastructure.”  
Kentucky is among the states with the highest number of families whose adopted children are unable to leave the DRC – more than 20 families across the Commonwealth are affected.    “I am pleased the resolution I helped introduce to assist Kentucky families adopting from the DRC has passed the U.S. Senate with broad support.  This resolution sends a strong message to the DRC about the need for an immediate solution. However, much work remains, and I will continue to advocate on behalf of the families trying to bring their children home.” 
Carl Kaelin, Vice Chairman of the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Legislative Committee, said “Kentucky’s veterans have no better friend than Senator McConnell.  We are very appreciative of his dedicated leadership on behalf of America’s veterans and of his commitment to ensuring passage of this vital legislation.”
Sen. McConnell: ‘By passing this bipartisan measure, we send a message to Hamas that its terrorist tactics and its attempts to terrorize Israel’s populace will not succeed.’ http://1.usa.gov/1nbdMrP
Last night, Senator McConnell helped secure Senate passage of Autism CARES Act; now goes to Pres for signature #autismspeaks #Kentucky
Courier-Journal: Sen. McConnell introduced a bill on Thursday to address drug-dependent babies. "My legislation is no silver bullet, but it will help ensure that our public health system is better equipped to prevent and treat opiate addiction in mothers and their newborn children," McConnell, the Senate Republican leader, said in a news release. "Together, we can overcome this tragic problem."
U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell held a press conference today outside the United States Capitol to discuss EPA’s recently proposed greenhouse gas standards for existing power plants and the negative impact they will have on electricity prices, the coal industry and everyday consumers and families.   Senator McConnell was joined at the press conference by Senator Rand Paul (R-Ky), Chairman Harold Rogers (Ky-05) and  Congressman Andy Barr (Ky-06). Also joining them were members of the Congressional Coal Caucus as well as former coal miner, and America’s Got Talent star, Jimmy Rose, a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps from Pineville, Kentucky, who sang his song “Coal Keeps the Lights On.”
Coal Keeps the Lights On!
NA
Please read Senator Mitch McConnell's latest column regarding his work to assist Kentucky families with international adoptions.  During his career, Senator McConnell has proudly supported several legislative measures to encourage adoption and has assisted several Kentucky families in bringing their children home.  Link to column online: http://1.usa.gov/1pmcWfQ 
Senator Mitch McConnell visiting with Kentuckians in Brooksville, Falmouth and Williamstown on Friday, July 25, 2014.
Sen. McConnell welcomes Dr. Noelle Hunter, her daughter Muna & her friend to the U.S. Capitol on Thursday, July 24, 2014. Dr. Hunter was visiting from Morehead, Kentucky. Read more about her story here: bit.ly/1jY220B
America Celebrates Independence Day  Senator McConnell: ‘We are grateful for the work of so many American heroes throughout history, and to those who continue to defend our freedom today.’  View a special Fourth of July greeting from Senator McConnell  http://youtu.be/6UbnZA6Yfpc
Sen. McConnell presents Purple Heart to Kentucky Army National Guardsman Sergeant Jesse Wethington today during ceremony in Louisville, Kentucky
NA
‘We can now put to rest for good any notion that the relationship with Russia has been reset.’
‘Everyone deserves a fair trial and a zealous legal defense.  And lawyers aren’t personally responsible for the actions of their clients.  But lawyers are responsible for their own actions.  In this case, the nominee inserted his office in an effort to turn reality on its head, impugn honorable and selfless law enforcement officers, and glorify an unrepentant cop-killer. This is not required by our legal system.  On the contrary, it is noxious to it. I therefore will oppose the nomination, and strongly urge my colleagues to do so as well.’
‘By announcing a new delay in requiring that policies meet minimum coverage standards, the administration avoids a new round of health policy cancellations set to hit shortly before the November elections. What makes this latest delay so troubling is the fact that it was prompted not by the heartbreaking stories of millions of Americans but by the private pleadings of a handful of endangered Democrats.’
ICYMI: Sen. McConnell appeared on Fox News The Kelly File with Megyn Kelly on Wednesday, February 26, 2014, talking Obamacare and Senator Harry Reid's comments. On the Senate floor, Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid says ObamaCare horror stories, 'all of them are untrue'. Click below to watch: 
Sen. McConnell's industrial hemp provision is now law, as of today.
A fitting tribute as the Sochi 2014 Olympics kick off. Go Team USA! 
McConnell to IRS Commissioner: "You know that the IRS has no business regulating free speech." The Obama Administration is now trying to legitimize the harassment after the fact – to enact regulations that would allow the IRS to bully and intimidate Americans who express their right to free speech.
Click the link below to read Senator McConnell's op-ed from Bloomberg. 
NA
‘And last night, the President had a real chance to unite the nation around a forward-looking agenda. He had a huge opportunity to reach to the middle and chart a new path – at a time when nearly 70 percent of Americans say that the country is either stagnant or worse off now than when the President took office. That we’re on the wrong path. It could have been a legacy-making moment.’
McConnell: ‘I hope he’ll help us chart a new path for the American people that both parties can support. That might sound like fantasy to some on the hard-left who think tonight’s all about them. But the fact is, there have always been good ideas the two parties can agree on in Washington—ideas that would make life easier, not harder, for working Americans. Until now, the President’s mostly chosen to ignore them. Here’s hoping for something different tonight.’
AP: McConnell: Farm Bill to promote hemp revival http://t.co/EM5K7tJpx6
CJ: Sen. McConnell secures industrial hemp in final version of Farm Bill. http://t.co/U5FVVdXG5e
Sen. McConnell will be on Fox News Sunday this morning to preview SOTU. Check local listings for broadcast times in your area.
#MarchforLife “For more than four decades, Americans of all ages and walks of life, including many dedicated Kentuckians, have descended on Washington to give witness to a simple truth: that all human life is sacred and worthy of protection by law.” http://1.usa.gov/1kYjwde
Today, we honor one of our nation’s heroes. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. http://t.co/pH6Uw1L2zS
“As a proud co-sponsor of this bipartisan legislation, I am pleased that the Accuracy for Adoptees Act is now law. I hear from many Kentuckians who are struggling to adopt children internationally and have requested assistance from my office. This measure will help many of those families by reducing the burdensome red tape and making it easier for them to receive the clarity they need when adopting children internationally,” Senator McConnell said.
NA
This is an important step in the effort to renew hope for the future in rural Kentucky and especially eastern Kentucky. Given the bipartisan interest shown in recent weeks to get government out of the way and let the people of the region work, Congress and the president can come together to pass this legislation on behalf of eastern Kentuckians and rural communities. I look forward to working with Senator Paul to see it passed.
Sen. McConnell statement regarding the passing of former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon: http://t.co/JjlnMKGMtf
Sen. McConnell: The IRS should stay out of regulating political speech. The IRS should be a boring place, an impartial agency of tax collectors, not the Vanguard of the Left.
NA
Sen. McConnell: I am proud to co-sponsor Senator Paul’s bill and I applaud him for his work to help distressed areas around the nation, including those in Kentucky. In addition to helping bring businesses to distressed areas, this legislation will assist in job creation by unraveling burdensome federal regulations that are stifling economic development.
Since the EPA refused to host a “listening session” in coal country, U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell held a pro-coal listening session of his own today in Eastern Kentucky at the University of Pikeville. Attending the session in Pikeville, Kentucky were eastern Kentucky community leaders, small business owners and coal mining families negatively affected by the President’s War on Coal.
NA
Sen. McConnell pro-coal listening session at the Coal Building on the campus of University of Pikeville tomorrow.
ICYMI: Senator McConnell's speech: Senate Dems Want to Change the Subject from #Obamacare to #NuclearOption:
Obamacare: Predictions Coming True ‘And the fact is, a lot of folks warned about these consequences coming to pass. But the President’s political machine just steamrolled anybody who spoke up. They laughed it all off. Dismissed everyone else as naysayers and cynics.’
Must watch video: Senate Democrats on the Run from #Obamacare
Senator McConnell statement on #Obamacare enrollment numbers & the millions who’ve lost their health plans:  “Even with the administration’s Enron-like accounting, fewer people have signed up for Obamacare nationwide than the 280,000 who’ve already lost their plan in Kentucky as a result of Obamacare mandates. And today’s enrollment announcement will be cold comfort for the millions who’ve lost the coverage they liked and the millions more facing higher premiums. Only in Washington could placing an item in a virtual shopping cart—without even buying it—count as a sale. If private businesses used that standard, online retailers would be poised to announce their best earnings season in American history.”
U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell honors our nation's veterans:  “On Veterans Day, we convey our gratitude to the men and women in uniform, past and present, who have bravely served our country. From the freedom fighters of the Revolutionary War to today’s veterans who fought bravely in Afghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere around the world, today is the day we pay tribute to their service and sacrifice.  “Kentucky has a proud and honorable military history, as home to both Fort Knox and Fort Campbell, with thousands of soldiers and their families. The Commonwealth also looks with great pride upon the scores of brave National Guard members and Reservists who have given so much to defend our nation. Kentuckians have bravely served in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps.  “Kentucky is home to 335,000 veterans whom I am proud to represent in the U.S. Senate. They risked their all for their country.  “So this Veterans Day, we pay tribute to those who fought to defend this country. We express our thanks and our gratitude to those who are still with us. And we honor in our memories those who did not return home.  “We pay tribute to the families of our servicemembers too, because they have made a sacrifice as well by sharing with America their sons, daughters, husbands and wives.  “And finally, we pay tribute to the irrepressible American spirit that is essential to the survival of liberty. It is thanks to America’s veterans, and their heroic service, that we have upheld this spirit.”
Happy 95th Birthday, Billy Graham!
McConnell: Nearly every day, we see evidence of more Americans losing their health coverage. Take a look at this map. 
 In my home state of Kentucky about 280,000 folks are losing their private insurance as a result of Obamacare—despite the President’s repeated promises that such a thing couldn't possibly happen. That compares with only about 5,000 who've been able to sign up for new private plans on the Kentucky exchange. In other words, so far about 56 times as many Kentuckians have lost their private insurance plans as have gotten new ones on the state exchange… hardly what you’d call a success.
‘Protecting the rights of workers. Creating jobs. Growing the economy. And keeping pace with the modern world. That’s what Right to Work is all about. It’s just common sense.’
On Thursday morning, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) introduced the Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act of 2013, co-sponsored by Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH). The bill allows hourly employees to have the option of compensatory time in lieu of overtime pay and flexible credit hour arrangements to those who work past their expected non-overtime hours in the work week.
#CoalKeepsTheLightsOn
Burlington, Ky. resident to McConnell: 'My wife & I are 54; We don't need maternity care & we don't need Obamacare.’
“We can help working Americans better balance the demands of work and family,” McConnell said on the Senate floor Thursday. “This bill will allow flexible work place arrangements. … It simply allows the option for employees to chose paid time off over work instead.”
“The Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act will help provide America’s workers with the flexible work arrangements they need. Countless Americans have become increasingly familiar over the past several years with the same reality: more and more to do, with less and less time to do it. And while Congress can’t legislate another hour in the day, we can help working Americans better balance the demands of work and family,” Senator McConnell said. “My legislation is a commonsense measure Congress can take to help alleviate that burden for millions of families by providing greater flexibility in managing their time.”
Help prevent abuse! This Saturday, October 26, is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. Click below for drop-off locations in Kentucky:
Sen. McConnell has participated in 50+ townhalls across Kentucky discussing Obamacare. Today he visited Murray-Calloway County Hospital.
Sen. McConnell greets Kentucky veterans at Louisville International Airport before their Honor Flight to WWII Memorial.
Click the link below to read the op-ed that Senator Mitch McConnell and Senator Rand Paul wrote for the Cincinnati Enquirer regarding Obamacare. Please share with your friends. Thanks.
"Who would have thought that World War II veterans would have to storm the barricades to see their own memorial when they came up here on an honor flight?" the five-term Kentucky Republican asked in an exclusive Newsmax interview. "This is an absurd effort to try to make it look like the shutdown was designed to adversely impact everybody."
All we need are 5 Senate Democrats to show enough courage to stand against their party and with the American people on this vote #TakeAMulligan #Obamacare
Sen. McConnell: The only person who seems happy with Obamacare is the guy it’s named after.  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QjxJuvyDItg
On Constitution Day, we reflect on just how fortunate we are to live in a nation that, unlike any other, was founded on an idea.
‘The men and women in our military courageously put their lives on the line in many dangerous places around the world. It's painful for all of us to think about them having to worry about their safety when they come home too.’
McConnell Comments on the Navy Yard Shooting  WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following remarks on the Senate floor today regarding the shooting at the Washington, D.C., Navy Yard:  “We’re all thinking about today’s tragic shootings at the Navy Yard, about the victims and their families. The men and women in our military courageously put their lives on the line in many dangerous places around the world. It's painful for all of us to think about them having to worry about their safety when they come home too.  “Many people in the area – and across the country – will be directly affected by this terrible tragedy. We pray for all of them.   “These kinds of incidents always remind us how fragile life is. They also remind those of us who work in and around the Capitol how much we owe to all the men and women who work so hard to keep us safe each and every day.   “So I want to take this opportunity to thank Terry Gainer and his team, and Chief Dine and the entire Capitol Police force, for all they do day in and day out. And for everyone else who is helping work through this tragedy – the first responders and medical personnel, the D.C. police – I want you to know one thing: we are thankful for your hard work and sacrifice.   “Everyone is deeply grateful, especially on days like this.”
McConnell on Obamacare: What Kentuckians & Americans really need: a full repeal of this job-killing mess of a law. Watch full speech below:
Sen. McConnell speaking at 9/11 Remembrance Ceremony outside the U.S. Capitol today.
NA
‘We remember today all those who were killed, as well as the families they left behind, with renewed sorrow. And we remember all who have lost their lives or been injured in the line of duty defending our freedoms since 9/11.’ Senator McConnell will make remarks on Senate floor @ approx 10am ET regarding the 12th anniversary of 9/11. Click on the link below to watch his speech live
Watch Senator McConnell's speech on Syria below:
‘So I will be voting against this resolution. A vital national security risk is clearly not at play, there are just too many unanswered questions about our long-term strategy in Syria, including the fact that this proposal is utterly detached from a wider strategy to end the civil war there, and on the specific question of deterring the use of chemical weapons, the President’s proposal appears to be based on a contradiction. Either we will strike targets that threaten the stability of the regime — something the President says he does not intend to do — or we will execute a strike so narrow as to be a mere demonstration.’
The President's War on Coal is a War on Kentucky Jobs. The Friends of Coal-Kentucky Family Coal Rally was a great event in Western Kentucky. Kentucky Coal Association. 
Senator McConnell visits coal rally in Madisonville, Kentucky. Coal Country Strong
LOUISVILLE, Ky. – U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following statement following the President’s request for Congressional authorization of the use of military force:   “Today the President advised me that he will seek an authorization for the use of force from the Congress prior to initiating any combat operations against Syria in response to the use of chemical weapons. The President’s role as commander-in-chief is always strengthened when he enjoys the expressed support of the Congress.”
AP: Ft. Knox getting ROTC training school, McConnell urged its relocation to Kentucky  http://t.co/ip6Q4CXqS6
‘Kentucky is one of only eight states that do not have public charter schools, but with your knowledge and expertise, I hope we can change that’
Sen. Mitch McConnell & Sen. Rand Paul speak at the Scottsville-Allen County Chamber of Commerce today on Obamacare and the  Economy
Sen. Mitch McConnell & Sen. Rand Paul in Glasgow, Kentucky speaking with Felker Brothers Corp. Manufacturing Facility employees.
While visiting Munfordville, Sen. Mitch McConnell & Sen. Rand Paul speak with Kentuckians in Hart County about the economy.
Senator McConnell is meeting now with constituents at Monument Chemical in Brandenburg, Kentucky; talking Obamacare & energy issues.
“An issue this important demands attention from the very top. The commander-in-chief must hold the VA accountable. His leadership is essential to addressing this problem,” McConnell said.  Read more below:
Senator McConnell is talking VA claims backlog with the Louisville Chapter of Military Officers Assoc. of America today. For more info on the VA claims backlog, you can click here: http://bit.ly/17Nyvur
Please keep the UPS crew members, their families, friends and coworkers in your thoughts and prayers.
Sen. McConnell enjoyed meeting students from the Barbourville High School BETA Club today while visiting Corbin, Kentucky.
Following his visit to Corbin, Sen. McConnell enjoyed being interviewed by Larry Day of WEKC Radio in #Williamsburg, #Kentucky.
Sen. McConnell spoke one-on-one with Tanner Hesterberg of #WYMT TV in #Hazard, #Kentucky after his Corbin visit.
Sen. McConnell is speaking with constituents at Baptist Health in Corbin, #Kentucky about #Obamacare.
Thanks to the #Barbourville High School Beta Club for attending Sen. McConnell's speech in Corbin, #Kentucky today.
Hundreds of Kentuckians on hand today to hear Sen. McConnell speak at the Southern #Kentucky Chamber of Commerce luncheon in Corbin. Talking about #Obamacare and Kentucky's economy.
Senator McConnell thanking employees at Firestone in #Williamsburg, #Kentucky. During his visit, they talked about Obamacare, coal and Kentucky's economy.
Senator McConnell talking with employees at Firestone Industrial Products in Williamsburg, #Kentucky.
During a visit to Williamsburg, #Kentucky today, Senator McConnell & Firestone Industrial Products employees discussed #Obamacare, #coal & increasing energy costs.
From today's Kentucky Enquirer: St. Elizabeth Healthcare workers and U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell shared mutual concerns over the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, during a meeting the senator held in Florence.
 
 McConnell, R-Ky., told them Monday he would defund the ACA if he could, but said there’s little he could do with a Democratic Senate and president.
 
 “I want to pull this law out root and branch, and if we had the ability to do it, we would,” McConnell said.
The Kentucky Enquirer: Senator McConnell, health care workers decry #Obamacare bit.ly/1d1OVoC #Kentucky
President’s #WarOnCoal is a war on #Kentucky #Jobs Herald-Leader: KY coal jobs decline, hitting lowest # since 1927 http://bit.ly/14yMRDK
#Kentucky #coal jobs in decline + Senate Dems blocking pro-coal bill = President's #WarOnCoal http://bit.ly/1cvOdkT
#Kentucky knows the benefits #charterschools can bring: @TimesTribuneKY: Survey says-Kentuckians want charter schools http://t.co/pb6oYzdr2K
Senator Mitch McConnell & Senator Rand Paul team up for school choice event today. Watch clip from @WHAS11 here: http://youtu.be/XVjQKv1nKGQ  #Kentucky
Senators Paul and McConnell joined together for an op-ed on School Choice. Click below to read it:
On Friday, Senator Mitch McConnell met with U.S. Department of Agriculture Deputy Secretary nominee to discuss issues of importance to #Kentucky #tobacco farmers. “Kentucky’s tobacco growers are some of the hardest workers in the nation, and I fully appreciate what they do for our state’s economy,” Senator McConnell said. “I appreciate Krysta Harden meeting with me at my request, and I hope she will listen to my constituents’ concerns. I am hopeful she will be a strong advocate on behalf of our nation’s tobacco growers.”
"Going around telling people Obamacare’s ‘working the way it’s supposed to,’ or that it’s ‘fabulous’ or ‘wonderful,’ as several of our Democrat friends have done – well, that doesn’t change reality. It’s just words. It doesn’t change the fact that recent surveys show only 13 percent of Americans now believe the law will help them. Or that about half believe it will make things worse for the middle class. Or that actuaries are now predicting cost increases of 30 percent or more in my home state of Kentucky.”  “Just last week, as I often do, I met with employers from around Kentucky who expressed continued concerns about the impact this law will have on their operations. They want the Democrats who run the Senate to follow the House’s lead in delaying Obamacare for everyone – both businesses and individuals. They know it just makes sense to do so. And I know they want the President to sign the bill when it passes."
#Kentucky #coal miners fighting back. @WYMT: Coal miners petition fires back at President Obama's energy policy http://bit.ly/141wF6p
“Some of us believe it’s actually possible to act as good stewards of the environment without declaring ‘War’ on vulnerable groups of Americans. I know there are a lot of people in D.C. who think of Appalachia as flyover country. But many in my state have another word for it: home. And when these struggling families hear one of the White House’s climate advisors say that a War on Coal is, quote, ’exactly what’s needed,’ can you imagine how that makes them feel? It makes them feel like they’re expendable. Like Washington just doesn’t understand them – and frankly doesn’t care.  “’[It’s like] go[ing] to some of these big cities and shut[ing] Wall Street down,’ is how a coal worker from Eastern Kentucky recently put it. “’See how it affects everything,’ he said. ‘Coal is our Wall Street.’
In the past four years, the number of claims pending for more than a year skyrocketed — despite administration promises to deal with the problem, attempts to modernize the VA’s claims system and a 40 percent increase in the VA’s budget, said McConnell, a frequent Obama critic on a range of issues.  “I have personally advocated, and will continue to advocate, the president himself to take direct action and involvement to end the VA backlog,” McConnell said.
Sen. McConnell addresses #veterans at VFW National Convention in #Louisville, #Kentucky. instagram.com/p/cEkAzFvFEy/
“In other words, if you’re a family in Covington facing a $2,100 premium increase under #Obamacare, then, really, what would you rather have: a check for $100 or so, or a way to avoid the $2,100 premium increase in the first place? I think the answer’s obvious. And I think most Kentuckians would agree that this is just another sad attempt by the Administration to spin them into wanting a law they don’t.
“The President was so worried about some of this law turning into a disaster that he selectively delayed a big chunk of it. But he only did that for businesses. A constituent of mine was recently interviewed by a TV station in Paducah, and here’s what she had to say about the President's decision... ‘It ain’t right’. Well, she's not alone."
Senator Mitch McConnell enjoyed participating in the Campbellsville - Taylor County parade today in Kentucky.
Sen. McConnell attends Norton Healthcare & UK HealthCare Markey #Cancer Center event announcing NCI designation. #Kentucky pic.twitter.com/WEVGksWZ3P
Sen. McConnell's op-ed in today's CJ on #coal and #jobs: President Obama's plan is a war on coal, #Kentucky jobs http://cjky.it/1b6jMkq
“I was pleased to have the opportunity to meet with Jack, Jaden, Deven and their parents during their visit to Washington, D.C. for JDRF’s 2013 Children’s Congress,” said Senator McConnell. “I am proud to support the Special Diabetes Program, which is making great strides in the development of medical technologies to treat this disease, and it is my hope that one day there will be a cure for type 1 diabetes.”
Sen. McConnell talking #coal and #Obamacare now on the Lee Cruse radio show on WVLK in #Lexington, #Kentucky #WarOnCoal
Congrats #JimmyRose of Pineville, #Kentucky for his amazing song he shared with America last night. #CoalKeepstheLightsOn Listen: http://bit.ly/13B4QJk
McConnell: ‘Look: to justify doing something as extreme as the Left wants, you’d better be prepared to make a rock-solid case. And this is the best they can come up with? That we need to change the rules of the Senate because Big Labor bosses say so? That the Left should be allowed to fundamentally change our democracy because the President is only getting nearly everything he wants rather than everything he wants at the exact moment he wants it? Let’s get real here. That’s not how a democracy functions.’ Watch full speech below:
Sen. McConnell calls for "a permanent delay for everyone." #Obamacare #Kentucky
McConnell speaking now on Democrats proposing to break rules to change rules of Senate at request of Big Labor. LIVE: http://cs.pn/i1Erdp
McConnell: ‘And while the White House seems to slowly be admitting what Americans already know, and what I hear consistently in my travels around Kentucky regarding the regulatory burden on employers, the fact remains that #Obamacare needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense reforms that actually lower costs for Americans.’
Senators McConnell and John Cornyn-TX urge sports commissioners to resist and report any Obama administration efforts to pressure sports leagues on #Obamacare promotion.
NA
NA
Look: Republicans are all for developing the fuels and the energies of the future. We just think that it all should come about as part of an all-of-the-above strategy, which is exactly what the White House said it supported too – before the election. But now, with the election over, the truth comes out.’
McConnell: 'Declaring a ‘War on Coal’ is tantamount to declaring a war on jobs. It’s tantamount to kicking the ladder out from beneath the feet of many Americans struggling in today’s economy. And I will be raising this issue with the President at the White House today.' #Kentucky #Coal
In Kentucky, the unemployment rate for 20- to 24-year-olds is 14 percent, higher than the national average. And once Obamacare comes on line, health care costs will assume a significant role in this age group’s budget. Young men could see their health insurance outlays increase by 50 percent. Unfortunately, liberal Democrats in Washington would rather see interest rates double than find a solution.
Sen. McConnell's speech at AEI on Washington's Ongoing Assault on Free Speech will air live on C-SPAN at 10 am EST. Click below to watch online: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/ …
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell warns of attacks on free speech shar.es/xdLP4
Sen. McConnell will talk to Sean Hannity today at approx 4:05 ET. In #Kentucky, his show airs on these stations:
“If this is a law that’s ‘working the way it’s supposed to,’ then it’s a bad law. And it’s Congress’ duty to repeal bad laws. I hope it will. I hope my Democrat friends here in the Senate will finally work with us to do that. Because we can’t do it without them. They have the majority. And if they can muster the will to admit their mistake, I hope they can also find the will to work with us to start fresh on health care. This time, I hope they will actually work together with Republicans to get something done for the American people. In my view, that means pursuing effective, step-by-step reforms that can not only lower costs, but that can also be implemented effectively and understood completely by the constituents we were sent here to serve.”
‘The thought of having to visit the IRS and the undertaker on the same day is an absolute outrage.’
CNBC: Will #Obamacare Hurt Jobs? It's Already Happening, Poll Finds
“Americans still don’t like the idea of Obamacare. Not because they’re unable to understand, or because they just haven’t ‘seen the right messaging.’ It’s because most of them like their health plan and want to keep it. It’s because they don’t want to pay more to the health insurance companies. And it’s because they just don’t think the law is going to work as promised. And yet, the Washington Democrats’ explanation for Obamacare’s enduring unpopularity still seems to be that the law is just too complicated for their constituents to understand. And the Washington Democrat solution seems to be not to actually change the policy, but to spend millions in a campaign-style P.R. blitz. News flash: If you still don’t think Americans are able to understand a law you passed more than three years ago, then there’s something wrong with your law – not with the American people.”
The United States Army stands as the pride of this country and the envy of the world. Happy 238th birthday to the U.S. Army. #Kentucky #USArmy
President of League of #Kentucky Sportsmen, Mark Nethery, nominated to Udall Foundation Board.
These young men and women may be drowning in the Obama Economy, but it’s not because they’re dumb. Or lazy. Or apathetic. It’s because of policies dreamed up in Washington during the years of the Obama Administration. And as the days go by, these young Americans are discovering just how unfairly Washington Democrats have treated them these past few years.
Senator McConnell met with Secretary of Transportation Nominee Anthony Foxx in his office in the U.S. Capitol this afternoon. The meeting provided Senator McConnell the opportunity to highlight the importance of several Kentucky transportation projects, including the Brent Spence Bridge in Northern Kentucky, Ohio River Bridges in Louisville and the I-69 Bridge in Henderson.
 
 “As Republican Leader, I am able to meet face to face with Administration officials to ensure that Kentucky priorities are brought to their attention,” Senator McConnell said. “I appreciate Mayor Foxx taking the time to discuss with me the importance of several Kentucky transportation projects and the challenges to building them during these tough economic times.”
Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Kentucky students of the Kentucky Historical Society who are in DC for the National History Day program. Good luck in the competition. #NHD2013
McConnell: "The Gang of Eight has done its work. Now it’s time for the Gang of 100 to do its work — for the entire Senate to have its say on this issue, and see if we can do something to improve the status quo. At the risk of stating the obvious, this bill has serious flaws... I’ll vote to debate it and for the opportunity to amend it, but in the days ahead there will need to be major changes to this bill if it’s going to become law... And that’s what the next few weeks are about: they’re about giving the entire Senate, and indeed, the entire country, an opportunity to weigh in on this debate, to make their voices heard, and try to improve our immigration policy. And that means an open amendment process.”
NA
McConnell received the award because of his work on behalf of Kentucky farmers, including his success in securing a permanent death tax extension in the fiscal cliff package and most recently, leading the fight to protect Kentucky’s tobacco farmers.   McConnell was presented the award by Dan Flanagan, a member of AgriBank from Campbellsville, Kentucky.  Flanagan is a full-time farmer raising soybeans, corn, and wheat.  He also manages six broiler houses and raises both wholesale and retail produce.  “As a Kentucky farmer, I appreciate Senator McConnell’s leadership in the Senate on issues important to Kentucky farmers,” said Flanagan. “Having someone in the Senate leadership looking out for us, while critical decisions are being made on the future of farming, is just so important.”
McConnell: "I’m also honored to recognize a distinguished group of World War II veterans from my home State of Kentucky who have made the trip to our Nation’s capital today to visit the National World War II Memorial on the Mall. This memorial celebrates their service, as well as the service of the brave warriors who landed on that Normandy beach, and every man and woman in uniform who fought to defend freedom in World War II."
McConnell received the award because of his work on behalf of Kentucky farmers, including his success in securing a permanent death tax extension in the fiscal cliff package and most recently, leading the fight to protect Kentucky’s tobacco farmers.
NA
Sen. McConnell talks to reporters inside the U.S. Capitol. http://t.co/0p4RzhqN3I
McConnell: "Having a true policy debate is one thing. But provoking a partisan squabble seemingly for its own sake – it’s just ridiculous. Our constituents sent us here to govern, not to try to pick fake fights in some crusade to restore Nancy Pelosi to her Speakership. What I’m saying to the President and my Democrat friends is this: let’s just put the politicking aside. I mean, there’s no reason for a fight here. So I hope we can finally get to work. Students are counting on us to actually get something done."
This is great news for fishing enthusiasts and business owners in Kentucky.
President signs Freedom to Fish into law. McConnell measure prevents federal barricades along Cumberland River.
NA
Sen. McConnell talks Obamacare with workers at Baptist Health LaGrange in Kentucky today.
NA
VIDEO: Senator McConnell's Remarks on Memorial Day: http://t.co/wxkTuV2Utq
NA
A Must Watch
Bowling Green Daily News Editorial: When a powerful government agency such as the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers tries to run roughshod over our citizens, it’s good to know that we have strong leaders such as U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and other federally elected officials who are looking out for us.
McConnell: “A number of my constituents have shared stories with my office about the IRS auditing their organizations and businesses during the recent presidential campaign for the first time ever. These folks believe the audits were conducted for no other reason than the fact that their groups were conservative. And they believe the questions they’ve been asked have more to do with their political views than their business activities. Without a proper investigation, we’ll never know. So we owe that to our constituents – to have a detailed and deliberate investigation. That’s why both House and Senate committees have begun investigations into the matter."
Sen. McConnell will be speaking on Senate floor shortly on IRS scandal & Obamacare. You can watch here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
Sen. McConnell's op-ed in today's Washington Post.  When it comes to rewarding friends and punishing enemies, the IRS is not alone. In fact, recent efforts to revive the so-called Disclose Act suggest that these tactics are alive and well in Washington. This bill, which would force grass-roots groups to make their member and donor lists public, may seem benign to some. But as a longtime defender of the First Amendment, I have always seen it for what it is: a backdoor effort to discourage those who disagree with the Obama administration from participating in the political process. The abuses at the IRS — which include selective sharing with left-wing journalists of confidential information about conservative groups — is just the kind of thing the Disclose Act was designed to enable.  Click below to read the op-ed:
Fox News: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 'undecided' on immigration bill.
Sen. McConnell's Coal Jobs Protection Act is needed: Kentucky coal jobs at lowest level since state started counting in 1950
NA
McConnell Won't Seek to Continue Burma Sanctions
Freedom To Fish Passes House. This is great news for fishing enthusiasts and business owners in Kentucky. For decades, Kentuckians and anglers from faraway have enjoyed the pleasure of fishing the tailwaters on the Cumberland River. For many in this area, it’s become a rite of passage. So you can imagine the outrage at a decision by the Obama Administration to end this proud tradition in the name of big-government-certified safety and security. Read more below:
We're all thinking today about the tragic loss of life out in Oklahoma yesterday. This morning I’d like to take just a moment to express my condolences to all who lost family and friends in this horrible disaster. It's been a truly heartbreaking loss of life, dozens injured and killed yesterday, including many children. The tornado that tore through Moore, flattened entire neighborhoods, just before students were to be released for summer recess. I don't think any of us can comprehend the searing grief of their parents.
We offer our heartfelt prayers to those affected by this terrible storm, and we offer our gratitude to the first responders. Pray for Oklahoma.
Sen. McConnell will make remarks on Senate floor at approximately 10 am ET this morning regarding Oklahoma tornado. Pray For Oklahoma
Thinking of and praying for the people of Oklahoma.
Read Sen. Mitch McConnell's op-ed that appeared in today's Herald-Leader: Editorial wrong to dismiss my plan to create jobs
Op-by by Senator Brandon Smith: Sen. McConnell, and those of us at the local, state and national levels who joined him to back the legislation, see it as an essential component in the drive to curb ill-advised regulation of the coal industry and return thousands of mining jobs to Kentucky and other states.
McConnell: "No one should be intimidated by the government into shutting up as part of our political process. And that’s why the Republican members of the Finance Committee are sending a letter today to Treasury’s Inspector General for Tax Administration requesting investigation into this very issue. Because, without this sort of inquiry, we may never have confirmed the inappropriate harassment of conservative groups that was going on at the IRS for two years. Apparently, this is the only way to get this Administration to take responsibility for its actions."
During press conference outside the US Capitol, Senator McConnell joins his fellow conservatives to call for probe of IRS leaks of confidential taxpayer information.
Today, the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) and Ashland Inc. awarded Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) the NAM’s Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence at an event on Capitol Hill. Senator McConnell supported 89 percent of the policies identified by the NAM as critical to the success of manufacturing in the United States during the 112th Congress.    “We thank Senator McConnell for ensuring that the manufacturing voice is heard in Washington,” said NAM Board Member and President of Ashland Performance Materials Ted Harris. “It is leaders like Senator McConnell who know that manufacturers are drivers of economic growth, job creation and prosperity.”
Senator McConnell speaks at press conference on IRS scandal.
CJ: Sen. Mitch McConnell & GOP Senate colleagues tell President Barack Obama they expected full cooperation in IRS probe
U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell helped net a victory Wednesday for fishermen near Cumberland River dams, including Wolf Creek Dam in Russell County and Lake Barkley Dam in far Western Kentucky. Read more below:
Kentucky law enforcement who traveled to the nation's capital from across the Commonwealth for National Police Week. We salute you.
McConnell: "The Administration needs to make witnesses available to testify on this and on any other incident of targeting the Administration’s ideological opponents, and to resist the temptation to stonewall or obfuscate what took place. Today, all 44 of my Republican Senate colleagues are joining me in this call. Every member of my conference has signed a letter demanding as much of the President."
McConnell: “This week we mark National Police Week 2013 as a time to pay tribute to the service and sacrifice of the many men and women in Federal, State, and local law enforcement across America. It’s an appropriate time for those of us who benefit from their efforts—and that’s all of us—to express gratitude. I want to especially recognize the many men and women who work to enforce the law in my home State of Kentucky. Many of them have traveled to Washington this week, and today I will have the pleasure of meeting with some of Kentucky’s finest. I want to personally thank them for bravely risking their lives in service of people across the Commonwealth."
McConnell: “Remembrances and observances in honor of the victims are happening in Kentucky today, where dozens of families remain grief stricken by the senseless loss of their beloved child. Those who survived the crash are still haunted by what happened. I wish to express my deepest sympathies for the victims’ families, the survivors, first responders, and all those who were touched by this tragedy. The people of Kentucky stand with you today and share your sorrow."
EXCLUSIVE: McConnell: IRS Revelations 'Just The Beginning' shar.es/ZaVc0 via @BreitbartNews
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms in Kentucky. How are you honoring your mother today?
McConnell meets with Kentuckians from ALS Association #ALSA13. Kentucky has a higher incidence of ALS than other States.
Mitch McConnell Demands White House Investigate IRS for Targeting Conservative Groups http://bit.ly/11YCQJr  via @wfplnews
McConnell: "Today, I call on the White House to conduct a transparent, government-wide review aimed at assuring the American people that these thuggish practices are not underway at the IRS or elsewhere in the administration against anyone, regardless of their political views."
U.S. Senate passes Senator McConnell-sponsored resolution recognizing Charter Schools Week.
McConnell representative presents tribute from Sen. McConnell at the Chrysalis House 2nd Annual Mother's Day Luncheon in Lexington, Kentucky
Sen. McConnell meets with the senior class of Lee County High School. Welcome to DC!
Sens. Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul, KY Ag Commissioner James Comer and State Senator Paul Hornback discuss #hemp.
NA
Senator McConnell is interviewed by Bill Goodman of KET in his office in the Russell Senate Office Building today. The interview will air MON at 6:30p ET on KET. Topics include the economy, Coal Jobs Protection Act, hemp, Freedom to Fish bill, Obamacare and his role as Senate Republican Leader.
Sen. McConnell's op-ed on the Coal Jobs Protection Act:
On this National Teacher Appreciation Day, we honor the hard working men and women who teach our children every day in our schools.
McConnell on Obamacare: "The law-abiding citizens of this country shouldn't have to pray for leniency from their own government. Last I checked, government existed to assist the public, not to antagonize it. Look: after ramming the law through Congress the way he did – ignoring the warnings that all these things would happen, ignoring the will of the American people – honesty and transparency is the very least President Obama owes the American people at this point. What he really needs to do, actually, is join with Republicans in agreeing to repeal this job-killing law. He needs to acknowledge the need to scrap it and replace it with the types of common-sense reforms that will lower costs. Because it’s not working."
Sen. McConnell's op-ed in the Hazard Herald.
“I think it’s clear what this administration’s true goal is. It’s not to see the coal industry actually comply with so many unreasonable regulations and red tape. It’s to see the coal industry driven out of business altogether,” Senator McConnell said. “The EPA has turned the coal permitting process into an illegitimate; back-door means to shut down coal mines permanently by sitting on permits indefinitely and removing any certainty from the regulatory process.”
Coal supporters in Hazard, Kentucky come out to hear Sen. McConnell speak about coal jobs bill.
Sen. McConnell talks coal jobs in Pikeville, Kentucky.
McConnell introduces Coal Jobs Protection Act in Hazard, Kentucky
NA
McConnell: "Americans can rest assured that Republicans will keep working to repeal this law. I hope more of the President’s allies will join us in that fight too. Because we all owe our country better than this. So, for the sake of my constituents in Kentucky and for the sake of Americans across the country, I urge my friends on the other side to join with Republicans and stop this ‘train wreck’ before things get even worse."
“Over the years, I have heard from many Kentucky veterans asking that the United States government do all it can to ensure the safe return of any service members captured in the line of duty as they protect and defend our nation. I am honored to support my colleagues in this important commitment,” said Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell.
April 27 is DEA's National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day.  In coordination with local law enforcement and community partners, prescription drug collection sites have been set up in communities across the nation to provide an opportunity for individuals to dispose of unwanted and unused prescription drugs. Click the link below to find a collection site in your area.
NA
“All Americans are relieved tonight to know that the second suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing is now in custody. The reaction to Monday’s attack has highlighted the vigilance of ordinary citizens and the comprehensive nature of our defenses as federal, state and local law enforcement personnel pursued the attackers with professionalism and determination. We have marveled at the coordination, skill, and bravery of military, intelligence, and law enforcement officials at every level — from federal agents to suburban beat cops to the campus police officer at MIT who gave his life in the line of duty. Brave Americans serve us every day to thwart and prevent such attacks. We owe them a profound debt. Our thoughts remain with the victims of this week's attack in Boston and subsequent law enforcement efforts, along with their families and friends — and with all those whose lives have been turned upside down so suddenly by the twisted designs of those responsible.”
NA
McConnell: “The government should not punish or harass law-abiding citizens in the exercise of their Second Amendment rights, and it’s that focus on protecting communities and preserving our constituents’ constitutional rights that will be my guide as we begin to vote on amendments to this bill.”
McConnell: "Those responsible for this act of terror will be brought to justice for their deeds. But today, our thoughts are mainly with the victims, their families and friends — and all those whose lives have suddenly been turned upside down by the wicked designs of those responsible. For most of us, it’s hard to imagine how anyone could even contemplate doing something like this. But, as always, as a nation we will face this sad reality head on. And show the world that America does not cower in the face of it."
Prayers for the people of Boston & runners and spectators at the marathon. Thanks to the first responders and volunteers on the scene now.
NA
Freedom to Fish Rally at Barkley Dam
NA
“This bill is a clear overreach that will predominantly punish and harass our neighbors, friends, and family. So to protect the rights of the law-abiding citizens of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and of other states, I will oppose invoking cloture on S. 649."
Congratulations to Coach Jeff Walz and the University of Louisville women’s basketball team for playing their hearts out in the 2013 NCAA Championship game. Although Cards fans everywhere would have loved to win one more, we are inspired by this team for being the lowest-seeded team to make it to the title game since the inaugural women’s championship game in 1982. The entire Commonwealth of Kentucky is proud of all they have accomplished. 
Congratulations UofL Men's 2013 NCAA Basketball Champions!
‘A towering figure of 20th century politics and an inspiration to millions around the globe, Margaret Thatcher set a standard of leadership that will be hard to replicate, but which will forever stand as a model for those who wish to change society for the better.’
What Americans need and want is something that Obamacare sorely lacks -- a little legislative humility. Washington shouldn't pretend that it has a magic wand to waive that will solve something as complex as health care. When you try that, what you get is 2,000-page laws and 10 times that in new regulations, which make things worse.
NA
The hemp legislation passed by the Kentucky General Assembly last night has the potential to provide an economic boost to Kentucky, create jobs and allow Kentucky farmers to harness the economic potential that industrial hemp can provide.
Senator McConnell talks about Obamacare on WDRB TV in Louisville today. Click below to view his Point of View:
NA
McConnell: ‘The longer Obamacare sits on the books the stronger the argument against it becomes, and the more determined Republicans are to repeal this colossal legislative mistake and start over with commonsense reforms that lower costs.’
NA
Senator McConnell on Obamacare: Sen. McConnell ensured the Sen. Cruz amendment that would have defunded Obamacare received a vote and he was proud to support it. The CR zeroed out the President's request for additional funding for Obamacare. Sen. McConnell has gone to the floor over 100 times to talk about the broken promises of Obamacare and its need to be repealed.  He has stated over and over again his belief that Obamacare is a colossal mistake for our country and has voted numerous times to defund and fully repeal it and replace it with step-by-step common-sense reforms that Americans want.
McConnell: “If our schools are failing, America fails with them. Students, parents and communities in Kentucky and across America must demand schools put students first, produce results, and reward outstanding teachers. One successful approach that has been implemented in 42 states, but not in Kentucky, is the establishment of public charter schools.”
NA
McConnell: Obamacare needs to be repealed and replaced. Anyone who thinks we've given up this fight is dead wrong.
“This legislation addresses the concerns of constituents who have contacted my office to express concern about the American Community Survey,” Sen. McConnell said. “Their primary concern is over the level of personal information that the survey collects and that they face actual criminal sanction if they prefer not to respond. This legislation will make the survey voluntary and will give Kentuckians more freedom as to what information they share while completing it.”
McConnell: Obamacare should be repealed root and branch. And we are not backing down from this fight.
Any Senator who votes for Senate Democrats' budget is voting for a $1.5 TRILLION TAX HIKE, the largest in the history of our country.
Catholics across Kentucky and the entire U.S. celebrate the election of Pope Francis I, and I join Americans of all faiths to congratulate him on becoming the spiritual leader of the world’s more than one billion Catholics.
NA
Senator McConnell on Obamacare: "There's no way to fix this thing. It needs to be pulled out by its roots."
McConnell: ‘Here’s the thing: Republicans believe we should be growing the economy, not the government – and the House Republican budget reflects just those priorities. It’s a budget that does something else too: it actually balances. That’s important for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that it would help unleash economic growth and bring down our country’s massive debt load. Interest payments on the national debt alone are set to exceed everything we spend on defense in just a few years’ time, so the path we’re on clearly is not a sustainable one. With that in mind, I hope Democrats offer something serious tonight.’
Fox & Friends on the Red Tape Tower - nearly 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations.
NA
UPDATED PHOTO: Check out RedTapeTower - nearly 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations vs original Obamacare bill.
McConnell: "Somehow, Presidents managed to submit budgets on time in the middle of World War II, during the Great Depression – but not today? There’s simply no excuse."
McConnell: "Part of the reason costs are set to increase so dramatically is because Obamacare levies so many new taxes and fees. But that’s only half the story. It’s also because the law imposes so many onerous regulations." For updates on Sen. McConnell, you can also follow Sen. McConnell's office on Twitter at @McConnellPress
Just take a look at this giant stack: one day’s worth of ObamaCare regulations. 828 pages in one day. Overall, there are nearly 20,000 pages – with many, many more to come. This is the owner’s manual for the health care law that’s supposed to make things better. Are you kidding? This law is a disaster waiting to happen.
 
 ObamaCare is just too expensive, and it’s not working the way Washington Democrats promised. That’s why ObamaCare needs to be repealed. And that’s why I will continue to push for its repeal.
McConnell: ‘The decision of the President to import Sulaiman Abu Ghaith into the United States solely for civilian prosecution makes little sense, and reveals, yet again, a stubborn refusal to avoid holding additional terrorists at the secure facility at Guantanamo Bay despite the circumstances…Abu Ghaith has sworn to kill Americans, and he likely may possesses information that could prevent harm to America and its allies. He is an enemy combatant and should be held in military custody.’
Sen. McConnell: I was proud to join my friend, Sen. Rand Paul, on the Senate floor last night where he exercised his rights as an individual Senator in pursuit of an answer from the Attorney General concerning the rights of United States citizens.    That filibuster was extended, heartfelt and important, and I wish to say a few words in reaction to that effort, and as well on the nomination of John Brennan to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. The question he raised was entirely appropriate and should have already been answered by the Obama administration.
McConnell: 'The American people are exhausted after all these years of campaigning, and they expect Democrat leaders now to finally work with the divided Congress they elected to get things done. As I’ve said before, the President has to figure out how to govern with the situation he’s got, not the one he wishes he had. That’s what being President is all about. It’s time to return to actually solving problems – in other words, to legislate the way we’re supposed to around here: with transparency, with public input, and with sufficient time to develop sound policy.’
Sen. McConnell will be speaking about the President's sequester on the Senate floor this morning. Watch live on CSPAN2.
Sen. McConnell enjoyed meeting with Scouts from the Boy Scouts of America today when they stopped by his office to hand-deliver their Report to the Nation
Sen. McConnell enjoyed meeting with Scouts from the Boy Scouts of America today when they stopped by his office to hand-deliver their Report to the Nation.
Follow Mitch McConnell's office on Twitter: https://twitter.com/McConnellPress
The Obama Sequester! Please watch and share the following video with your friends.
Every single working American had to figure out how to make ends meet with 2 percent less in their paychecks last month when the payroll tax holiday expired. Are you telling me Washington can’t do the same? It’s absurd.
And now, here we are, with the President presenting the country with two options: Armageddon or a tax hike. Well, it’s a false choice, and he knows it.
Look: the choice we face isn’t between the sequester and tax hikes. Remember, we’re only talking about cutting 2 to 3 percent of the budget. Any business owner or middle-class parent will tell you it’s completely ridiculous to think Washington can’t find a better way to cut 2 to 3 percent of the federal budget at a time when we’re $16 trillion in debt.   Every single working American had to figure out how to make ends meet with 2 percent less in their paychecks last month when the payroll tax holiday expired. Are you telling me Washington can’t do the same? It’s absurd.  There’s no reason in the world these cuts need to fall on essential services or emergency responders. After all, even with the sequester, Washington will be spending more than when President Obama got here. We’re only talking about cutting a tenth of what the President spent on the stimulus bill.   Enough.
McConnell: 'We reached an agreement to cut $2.1 trillion in government spending over 10 years, and we intend to keep our word. Should these cuts be implemented in a smarter way? Absolutely. But the President and his cabinet secretaries had a year and a half to think about that. They can’t just show up now at the last minute and expect the American people to bail them out of their own lack of responsibility. We can either secure those reductions more intelligently, or we can do it the President’s way with across-the board cuts. But one thing Americans simply will not accept is another tax increase to replace spending reductions we already agreed to.’ Click the link below to view Sen. McConnell's speech on the sequester.
McConnell on sequester: “For more than a year, he resisted and dismissed every Republican attempt at a compromise. He refused to offer any kind of reasonable alternative, and he even threatened to veto other proposals aimed at averting the sequester. And now, here we are, with the President presenting the country with two options: Armageddon or a tax hike.   “Well, it’s a false choice, and he knows it. But then, the President’s a master at creating the impression of chaos as an excuse for government action. Do nothing. Fan the flames of catastrophe. Then claim the only way out is more government, in the form of higher taxes.   “Look: the choice we face isn’t between the sequester and tax hikes. Remember, we’re only talking about cutting 2 to 3 percent of the budget. Any business owner or middle-class parent will tell you it’s completely ridiculous to think Washington can’t find a better way to cut 2 to 3 percent of the federal budget at a time when we’re $16 trillion in debt.   “Every single working American had to figure out how to make ends meet with 2 percent less in their paychecks last month when the payroll tax holiday expired. Are you telling me Washington can’t do the same? It’s absurd.
Sen. McConnell: "Today, I join Kentuckians in congratulating Jennifer Lawrence on winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. Jennifer is a Louisville native, and I’m sure that Kentuckians were rooting for her the most of all last night. At 22 years old, she is only the third Kentuckian to win an Oscar for acting. On behalf of the Commonwealth, I want to wish her all the best, and say we are looking forward to Jennifer Lawrence having a long and successful career."
“I am proud to introduce legislation with my friend Rand Paul that will allow Kentucky farmers to harness the economic potential that industrial hemp can provide,” Sen. McConnell said. “During these tough economic times, this legislation has the potential to create jobs and provide a boost to Kentucky’s economy and to our farmers and their families.”
NA
McConnell: ‘Kentuckians aren’t interested in false promises; they want to hear what we’re planning to do to streamline government and bring it up to date. They want to hear what it’s going to take to lower the cost of living, and the cost of education and health care. They want to hear what it’s going to take to create good jobs. The President didn’t do any of those things tonight.'
McConnell on SOTU: Will the President have a serious plan tonight—or just another campaign speech?  ‘I also hope the President will use the big stage he’ll have tonight to finally level with the American people about the consequences of ObamaCare. They deserve to know what’s about to hit them – the cost increases, the premium hikes, the taxes. And they deserve to know that not only may they not be able to keep the health plan they like, but that CBO tells us there will also be fewer jobs. I know those things won’t be easy for him to say. But that’s what it means to be a statesman; to be honest with the people you represent; to admit when something doesn’t turn out the way you said it would.’
McConnell during speech on Senate floor today:  “Because, I assure you, my constituents in Kentucky will not accept a tax hike in place of spending cuts already agreed to by both parties – I suspect none of our constituents would. And they won’t tolerate Democrats’ continued avoidance of their responsibility to deal with huge threats to our economy and our future."
McConnell: ‘The election is over. The time to govern is now – to make divided government work for the American people, who chose it. We owe Americans action, not rhetoric. We owe it to the millions of college graduates out of work. We owe it to the strivers who find themselves still living in their parents’ basements. They’re all counting on us to enact real, bipartisan solutions – solutions that can get our economy moving again today and that can ensure greater prosperity tomorrow. Is Washington up to the task? Republicans are. And we’re still here, ready to work with the President as soon as he’s prepared to get down to business.’
McConnell: As working class Americans continue to face daunting challenges to provide for their families, I believe the federal government has an obligation to ensure every American has the right to choose whether they want to spend part of their paycheck to support a union.
McConnell: "As working class Americans continue to face daunting challenges to provide for their families, I believe the federal government has an obligation to ensure every American has the right to choose whether they want to spend part of their paycheck to support a union."
McConnell: “Now that Congress has acted on the tax issue, the President needs to lay out significant spending reforms—the other side of the ‘balance’ as he defines it. But every day spent talking about ‘corporate jets’ is a day wasted, and given that the President again missed the deadline to submit a budget this year, there’s not much time to spare. The clock is ticking. It’s time to get serious.”
NA
McConnell: The utilization of hemp to produce everything from clothing to paper is real and if there is a capacity to center a new domestic industry in Kentucky that will create jobs in these difficult economic times that sounds like a good thing to me.
McConnell: ‘Struggling families shouldn't have to pick up the tab again for Washington’s inability to live within its means. We need to start solving the actual problem, which is spending, and we need to do it together. So if – and I say if – Democrats are finally ready to confront the massive fiscal and economic challenges facing our country, and to do so in a serious way, I assure them they’ll find partners on this side of the aisle.’
VIDEO: President Should Drop Polarizing, Hard-Left Agenda and Focus on Bipartisan Solutions
Sen. McConnell's speech on Washington spending being the problem is below:
McConnell: ‘The President’s second term represents a fresh start when it comes to dealing with the great challenges of our day; particularly, the transcendent challenge of unsustainable federal spending and debt. Republicans are eager to work with the President on achieving this common goal, and we firmly believe that divided government provides the perfect opportunity to do so. Together, there is much we can achieve.’
McConnell: ‘Through his stirring words and fearless witness, Dr. Martin Luther King roused a nation to finish the work of its founding, and as long as the struggle for justice continues the legacy of Dr. King will endure.’
McConnell Op-ed: Fiscal cliff deal not great, but it shields Americans from tax hike
McConnell: ‘Washington’s credit card has reached its limit again, and the Senate majority must act on legislation early in February—rather than waiting until the last minute, abdicating responsibility and hoping someone else will step in once again to craft a last-minute solution for them. Once the Senate passes bipartisan legislation, we can conference with the House on a solution. But this time the entire Senate must have an opportunity to act.’
