As Christmas approaches, we celebrate the most precious gift, that in the humblest of circumstances, Christ came to save the world. We pause to remember that night in Bethlehem, and to give thanks for the blessings the Lord continues to bestow upon each of us.  Across the Lone Star State, Texans are sharing the hope of the season.  From Waco’s Christmas Toy Store filling more than 2,700 kids’ trees with presents, to the Harlingen’s Salvation Army clothing 1,000 children; From Eveline Rivers Christmas Project delivering 12,000 books to families in the Panhandle, to Santa’s Workshop bringing gifts to 3,200 children at Fort Hood, these are just a few examples of the communities in our great state that have come together to care for those in need.  Their generosity, and that of millions of other Texans across the state, is a powerful example of Christ's faithfulness in times of need. It is also an important reminder, as Mark 10:45 says, that "even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many."  I hope and pray your Christmas season is filled with joy and restful time with family and loved ones. May God bless you, may He continue to bless our great state of Texas and the United States of America.
Congress should reject President Obama's latest bad deal with Cuba.
I had the opportunity to speak with two prominent Cuban dissidents, Elizardo Sanchez and Guillermo Farinas.   They cautioned that the Castros would try to get the United States to finance their "Putinist project" through the relaxation of the embargo, and that we should reject any deal that did not include real political reform.  Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1AB0o8U
Powerful: Cuban dissidents feel betrayed, left on the battlefield by President Obama’s outreach to the Castros.
We do have friends in Cuba, people like Elizardo Sanchez, Guillermo Farinas, and their many colleagues in the opposition. But this misguided policy of President Obama’s does nothing to help them.  On the contrary it may well strengthen the Castros and entrench a new generation of their oppressors in power unless Congress steps in to stop it.
In July 2013, I interviewed prominent Cuban dissidents Elizardo Sanchez and Guillermo Farinas.    They warned America not to fall for any offer of rapprochement from the Castro brothers.  They said that since 1959, Cuba has been a big jail.  They said that the Castro regime hates America and wants to harm us.  They said that the Castro regime rules by economic control, political repression and propaganda that touch the lives of every Cuban.  They said that Raul and Fidel Castro will try to trick the United States into finance their “Putinist" project—to give the illusion of change when there is no real change.  This week, the Obama administration fell for the Castros' trick.  They agreed to provide economic relief to the Castros, not liberty to the Cuban people.  Watch the full interview here: http://bit.ly/1ALjb10
Appeasing our enemies makes America less safe and the world more dangerous.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/13D9Deo
For six years we followed the pattern of alienating and abandoning our friends and allies, and at the same time coddling up to and appeasing to those who are enemies of this country. It’s a consistent pattern. First Russia, then Iran, now Cuba.  This announcement today will be remembered as a tragic mistake.
We rejoice that Alan Gross’ wrongful imprisonment by the brutal Castro regime has finally come to an end, and that he will be able to spend the holidays with his loved ones. But make no mistake, although we are glad Alan is now free, the agreement the Obama Administration has entered into with the Castro regime has done nothing to resolve the underlying problem. Indeed, it has made it worse.    Fidel and Raul Castro have just received both international legitimacy and a badly-needed economic lifeline from President Obama.  But they remain in control of a totalitarian police state modeled on their old state sponsor, the Soviet Union.  Their government can continue to detain individuals like Alan Gross indefinitely without process—as the many political prisoners still languishing in the Castros’ prisons can attest.  They retain their close, long-standing ties with hostile nations, notably Russia, Iran, North Korea and Venezuela.  They will continue their support for terrorist organizations from FARC to Hezbollah and Hamas.   The President spoke today about a new era for relations between American and the Cuban people, but these circumstances do not bode well for either.  We have seen how previous Obama administration attempts at rapprochement with rogue regimes like Russia and Iran have worked out, with our influence diminished and our enemies emboldened.  Now they are revisiting this same disastrous policy with the Castros, blind to the fact that they are being played by brutal dictators whose only goal is maintaining power.  And if history be our guide, the Castros will exploit that power to undermine America and oppress the Cuban people. First Russia, then Iran, now Cuba – this is one more very, very bad deal brokered by the Obama Administration.
Obama's amnesty policy is harming millions of Texans and Americans. He has no authority to ignore or rewrite the law.   #StopObamasAmnesty
President Obama is not only blatantly defying the Constitution by refusing to faithfully execute our nation’s immigration laws; his amnesty policy is harming millions of Texans and Americans. By unilaterally granting amnesty to nearly five million people, the President is inviting even more illegal immigration, which hurts working men and women who have entered the country legally and further strains state governments.   The President has no authority to ignore or rewrite the law. In so doing, the President violates his oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution. I am proud to stand with the State of Texas in upholding the rule of law against President Obama’s brazen power grab. This is a critical step to restoring the Law of the Land and celebrating legal immigration.
In this month of Kislev, the month of miracles, we celebrate the start of Hanukkah and commemorate how the Maccabees stood against those who sought to drive them out of Jerusalem, and how the few defeated the many.  It is a time to remember the bravery of a great people, and God’s provision in their bleakest moments.  They fought to worship freely. The light of hope was restored. And now this burning flame flickers across the nation, and across the world.  Many have attempted – and will continue to attempt – to extinguish this flame. But, as today marks the rededication of the Temple, may we always stand with our Jewish brothers and sisters and protect religious liberty at home and abroad.
Great news, but as we learned from Obamacare, we can't rely on the courts alone. Republicans must keep their promise to #StopObamasAmnesty!
It’s long past time to call the Fort Hood attack what it was: radical Islamic terrorism, and this recognition for Fort Hood terrorist victims is overdue.   Now all our legislation needs is a signature from the President to allow victims of the 2009 attack to receive the Purple Heart and the benefits they deserve.  Learn more here: http://townhall.com/tipsheet/christinerousselle/2014/12/15/sen-cruz-makes-video-calling-for-ft-hood-victims-to-receive-purple-heart-n1932217
Within days, the world has witnessed the savage hand of radical Islamic terrorism against innocents—in Peshawar, Pakistan and in Sydney, Australia. In both places, terrorists sought to exterminate civilians, of all ethnicities, ages, and beliefs, alike.   In Pakistan, more than 100 children were massacred at their desks by Taliban terrorists who wanted to inflict the maximum pain on the civilian population. Café workers and customers in Sydney were held hostage for hours. Some were forced to raise the black flag of jihad and death. A man and a woman died in their brave attempt to stop the terrorist gunman.   These attacks may be distant on a map, but should be at the forefront of our minds. Terrorism knows no borders. And, strong American resolve is needed to help our friends and allies around the world to stop it.
Most Americans are interested in protecting our rights and getting back to the principles our nation was built upon. #MakeDCListen #StopObamasAmnesty
Enough is enough. We must honor the victims of the Fort Hood terrorist attack with the Purple Hearts they deserve. All we need is a Presidential signature.
There should be consequences for Iran’s unprecedented and brutal abuse of American journalist Jason Rezaian.
The Senate should vote to #StopObamasAmnesty!
Republicans across America campaigned on the promise to #StopObamasAmnesty.  We can and must keep that promise now!
It’s long past time to call the Fort Hood attack what it was: radical Islamic terrorism. And, this recognition for Fort Hood terrorist victims is overdue.  The victims and their families deserve our prayers and support, and this legislation rightly honors them for defending our nation in the face of a heinous act of terror.
It’s time for Republicans to do what we said — to fight to #StopObamasAmnesty!
The 2015 National Defense Authorization Act includes a number of problematic provisions, including an extension through 2016 of the program to arm Syrian rebels and an extreme land grab that restricts more than a half-million new acres of property from productive use. This is yet another example of Majority Leader Reid’s legacy of obstruction by not allowing any amendments to be called on this bill.   Although this legislation contains a number of individual provisions I support, it is fundamentally flawed in that it neither protects our most basic rights as American citizens, nor safeguards the vital national security interests of the United States. Congress should reject this attempt to exploit our Armed Forces by self-serving politicians. The NDAA should serve to strengthen our national security and it is imperative that Congress respects and upholds this vital function. The men and women of our military deserve no less.
NA
I thank my colleagues in both chambers for their support of Israel, and I hope that leaders around the world will unite with Congress and denounce Hamas’ acts of terror.
Moving farewell address by Sen. Tom Coburn. Washington has not been the same since he arrived and his fearless leadership will be missed in the Senate.
We must reverse this disastrous foreign policy and bring back strong American leadership in the world!
The Senate has sent a united signal that we denounce Hamas' barbaric tactics and unequivocally support Israel's right to self-defense!
Within 48 hours, President Obama has set Guantanamo Bay detainees free, and Senate Democrats have endangered Americans all over the world by releasing classified tactics, which have since rightly been outlawed, used by the intelligence community in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The Democrats’ foreign policy – defined by a series of actions designed to appease our enemies and diminish the capability and morale of our military men and women – is profoundly dangerous.    Every civilized nation agrees that torture is wrong. But today’s partisan report will endanger lives, drive away our allies – who have never been more needed than now – and undermine the ability of our intelligence officers and soldiers to protect our national security. After six years, enough with saying "everything is George W. Bush's fault." It’s sad that, with all the threats we face across the globe, Senate Democrats are still more interested in scoring political points against the Bush Administration than in working together to keep America safe and our military strong.
It’s almost like a skit straight out of SNL. Obamacare’s architect says the stupidity of the American voter was critical to passing the law, but claims he doesn’t remember saying it! #FullRepeal
When even Democrats admit the Obamacare architect’s comments about deceiving America were stupid… #FullRepeal
WATCH: Obamacare creates a $3,000 incentive to hire illegal immigrants over Americans #StopObamasAmnesty
There should be no further nuclear negotiations with Iran until Pastor Saeed is home with his family. #SaveSaeed
What an awesome surprise by the The United States Air Force Band for visitors to the Udvar-Hazy Center last week!
May we never forget the men and women who lost their lives in an unspeakable act of aggression 73 years ago. On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor launching the United States into World War II.  The Greatest Generation heroically answered the call to defend freedom and defeat evil across the world. May we continue to honor their sacrifice by doing all we can to preserve the beacon of freedom in our own time.
Ezra’s smile caught my attention while she watched a press conference outside the Capitol. It was an honor to meet Ezra, her sister Estelle and the rest of her family. Thank you to Ezra’s father for his service in the Coast Guard. Best wishes to this family and all military families during the Holiday season.
Our nation was founded on a revolutionary concept: no man is above the law. Especially, the President of the United States.   #StopObamasAmnesty
We will fund the operation of the federal government, but we will not allocate taxpayer dollars to illegal amnesty.  #StopObamasAmnesty
I would urge every politician who spent the last year campaigning across this country saying, "if you elect me we will stop President Obama’s Amnesty", do what you promised. Honor your commitment to the American people and to the Constitution.   #StopObamasAmnesty
Go #Orion. A huge step toward taking humans farther than they've ever gone before!
It’s encouraging to see the Purple Heart legislation that Sen. John Cornyn and I sponsored in the Senate being considered in the House. Nidal Hasan’s attack on Fort Hood was not workplace violence. It was a terrorist attack. Our troops that were victims of that attack deserve to be made eligible for the Purple Heart and their families deserve the appropriate military benefits. This designation is long overdue.  http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/fort-hood-victims-set-to-receive-purple-hearts-combat-status/article/2556950
Please stand with Congresswoman Michele Bachmann, Congressman Steve King and me in fighting President Obama’s Amnesty.  #StopObamasAmnesty
Republicans in Congress should use every tool at our disposal—our constitutional checks and balances—to #StopObamasAmnesty.
This November's election was a referendum on executive amnesty, and the American people overwhelmingly oppose President Obama's illegal amnesty. Republicans in Congress should use every tool at our disposal—our constitutional checks and balances—to stop President Obama's amnesty.  The Senate should use its constitutional authority to halt confirmations for non-national security positions, until the President stops this illegal amnesty.  And both Houses should use the power of the purse, which the Framers understood to be the most potent tool Congress has to rein in an out-of-control Executive.  #StopObamasAmnesty
Ms. Saldana has made it clear in a written statement that as Assistant Secretary for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement she would enable President Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty. I do not support the President’s unconstitutional amnesty, and therefore, cannot vote for a nominee who will be another rubber stamp for illegal amnesty. I encourage my colleagues, especially those who oppose Obama’s amnesty, to oppose this nomination.
Since DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson is on Capitol Hill, he should also visit the Senate to explain why he and the President defied Congress and the American people with their illegal amnesty.
Online retailers shouldn’t have to serve as tax collectors for politicians who don’t represent them! #NoNetTax
Some politicians want today to be the last #CyberMonday without nationwide Internet sales taxes!  Just say no — #NoNetTax!
Today we give thanks for the miracle of freedom.   Our gift of liberty was first realized a century and a half before we ever signed the Declaration or Constitution—it was born when the Pilgrims risked their livelihood so that they might worship the Lord Almighty with all their hearts, souls, and minds.   Thus our nation sprung from a spirit of courage and gratitude: courage to trust that a small force could achieve mighty deeds through the grace of God, and gratitude for his deliverance.   When the colonists challenged the greatest military in the world; when brother was pitted against brother in the Civil War; and when the evils of Fascism and Communism threatened to obliterate humanity, the affront on individuals’ rights seemed nearly impossible to overcome.   Now we stand with grateful hearts for all those who have made our freedom a reality—for the Pilgrims, for our veterans, for our teachers, for our families, and so many others. And, we give our thanks for those who continue to protect the American way—our active duty military, our visionaries, inventors, and entrepreneurs who open endless possibilities for those seeking a better life.   We thank the Lord for his abundant provision. May we always remember our heritage of freedom, and may we never let it fade.
Wishing you a happy Thanksgiving!   What are you thankful for?
Today's resignation reflects the ongoing damage caused by President Obama's misguided foreign policy of leading from behind. We need a Secretary of Defense who is squarely focused on defending the national security interests of the United States, first and foremost, and especially preventing a bad deal over Iran's nuclear weapons program that could do irreparable harm to us and our allies. One strong option would be former Sen. Joe Lieberman, a member of the President's own party with deep experience and unshakable commitment to the security of the United States. I urge the President to give him full and fair consideration for this critical position.   Additionally, in response to the President’s illegal executive amnesty announced last week, I have called on Senate Republican leadership to halt confirmation of all of the President's executive and judicial nominations, with the exception of vital national security positions. By any measure, the Secretary of Defense is a vital national security position, and the Senate should promptly confirm a strong and qualified nominee.
One of the groups most hurt by the President's illegal amnesty are legal immigrants. People who waited years, paid thousands of dollars, and followed the rules.
Hope you'll tune in to Fox News Sunday tomorrow. Find your local airtime: http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/fox-news-sunday/blog/2009/07/31/fns-local-air-times
Why’s Pres. Obama making it easier for immigrants to come to America illegally instead of legally? #StopObamasAmnesty
Once our armed forces are placed in harm’s way, Congress, and the Commander-in-Chief have a responsibility to support them and to provide security for the families who remain behind while they face danger.  The morbidity rate of Ebola poses a substantial danger to those who have been sent to combat it and, for the first time, this risk extends beyond the battlefield and directly threatens the safety of their families.  Congress should give these service members the appropriate recognition and respect for their service in times of grave danger. The risks posed to our Armed Forces conducting their assigned mission in Africa warrants this consideration.
Moments ago, President Obama announced he would unilaterally grant amnesty to millions of people who have come to our country illegally.  I have one question: Why is President Obama making it easier for immigrants to come to our nation illegally rather than legally?  His actions are not only unconstitutional and in defiance of the American people who said they did not want amnesty in the 2014 elections, but they are also unfair to every immigrant who has come to our nation legally.  We are all the sons and daughters of immigrants who dreamed of opportunity in a nation where if you worked hard and played by the rules, you could achieve anything.  We can’t let one President abandon that dream for us all.
A #ThrowbackThursday if there ever was one. Cicero’s wisdom from 2,077 years ago.
The words of Cicero powerfully relevant 2,077 years later. #StopObamasAmnesty
If the President goes forward with this illegal amnesty -- unilaterally defying Congress and defying the American voters -- then it's incumbent upon Congress to use every single Constitutional tool we have to defend the rule of law. #StopObamasAmnesty
President Obama's amnesty is lawless and unconstitutional: http://1.usa.gov/1uSm0xg #StopObamasAmnesty
If President Obama ignores the will of the American people and proceeds with his illegal executive amnesty, Congress must use every Constitutional power available to #StopObamasAmnesty!
It is imperative we stand together united in protecting the Bill of Rights!
Evil was unleashed in Jerusalem today, as two Palestinian terrorists armed with handguns, knives and hatchets attacked a morning prayer service. They worked at close range, shooting into the crowd and hacking at heads and arms of worshippers with their axes while shouting ‘Allahu Akbar.’ Witnesses reported that the blood of the victims ‘flowed like water.’ Some dozen people, including two policemen, were wounded in the onslaught before the terrorists were neutralized, and four men lay dead.  Prayer shawls and tefilin have become shrouds for the devout, whose only crime was the peaceful practice of their Jewish faith.   Israel mourns for Rabbi Moshe Twersky.  For Rabbi Avraham Shmuel Goldberg. For Rabbi Kalman Levine. For Rabbi Aryeh Kupinsky.  But Israel does not mourn alone, for all four were not only Israeli—Rabbi Avraham Goldberg was a dual Israeli-UK citizen while Rabbis Moshe Twersky, Kalman Levine and Aryeh Kupinsky were all dual Israeli-US citizens.   These men were not victims of a senseless tragedy, they were deliberately targeted in carefully-planned attack. The Palestinian terrorists, incubated in a culture of violence and hate, were intent on killing Jews and they singled out men of deep religious faith who would not be armed to ensure maximum casualties. Their despicable actions have been hailed as ‘heroic’ by Palestinian groups such as Hamas and Fatah that are actively inciting these attacks.   All our friends in Israel have our sympathies in the aftermath of this atrocity, but they need more than that. They need an unequivocal statement of solidarity, a recognition that America is not a disinterested bystander in this battle.  Our citizens are dying too, targeted by these same vicious murderers, and our good friend and ally should have not only our prayers but also our unequivocal support as the Israeli people continue the fight against the terrorists who have declared war on both our nations.
It would be the height of lunacy to pass the Internet sales tax! #NoNetTax!
No Internet sales tax. Not in the lame duck session. Not ever! #NoNetTax
More innovation. Less stagnation. #DontMessWithTheNet!
The last thing we want is for five unelected bureaucrats in Washington to regulate the Internet as a public utility! #DontMessWithTheNet
More of this, not that! #DontMessWithTheNet
A simple message: #DontMessWithTheNet!
Former WSJ publisher: Title II would be a disaster for the Internet. We need more freedom, not more regulation. #DontMessWithTheNet!
Latest beheading video is a grim reminder that we need a serious strategy to destroy ISIS abroad before it comes home.
Sorry Jonathan Gruber, you can't shake off the Obamacare deceptions. #FullRepeal
I'm thrilled to be in Austin to talk about the incredible opportunity the Internet has allowed and how we protect it.  We Texans are fond of saying don't mess with Texas. Now we need to say don't mess with the Internet!
If the Internet sales tax became law, small online retailers would have to comply with over 9,600 tax jurisdictions across the country. Big box stores don’t have to do that. And it’s just not fair.   #NoNetTax! Not now, not ever!
Ten Senators who voted for the Internet Sales tax last year have now been defeated or are retiring. The lame duck session may be their last, best chance to pass it.  We must say no. #NoNetTax. Not now, not ever!
A few weeks ago, as they were going to bed, Caroline and Catherine prayed, "Dear Jesus, please, please, PLEASE bring us a puppy."  Well, meet Snowflake, a rescue who has made two little girls unbelievably happy.
We should keep the federal government out of the business of regulating the Internet.   The United States has always been a place where someone with nothing can achieve anything. Freedom allows that social mobility, and the Internet is a haven for that entrepreneurial freedom.
The Internet is the great equalizer when it comes to jobs and opportunity. We should make a commitment, right now, to keep it that way!
Low taxes, light regulation, and a Great American Energy Renaissance have fueled Texas' best-in-the-country job growth. #MakeDCListen
Obama's net neutrality proposal is already hurting broadband investment. Uncertainty is bad for business and bad for consumers.
Special interests are still pushing hard for the Internet Sales Tax in the lame duck session. Just say no! #NoNetTax #NotNowNotEver
Sen. Jeff Sessions is right; America is a nation governed by the rule of law. We can and must #StopObamasAmnesty!
On this Veterans Day, as we remember and thank the courageous men and women of our armed forces, I commend to you this powerful, moving video from my friend Texas State Senator and Lt. Col. (Ret.) Brian Birdwell. It recounts his experiences on 9/11, serving in the Pentagon and being burned alive within inches of death. It presents Brian's Christian testimony, in a way that cannot help but stir your heart.
Ninety-six years ago, young men from the states of Texas and Oklahoma who had no combat experience, were deployed to France and soon thrust into one of the bloodiest battles of World War One – known as the Hundreds Days Offensive.   On the morning of October 8, 1918, the troops were woken minutes before the engagement and rushed to the trenches along the French-German border. Toxic gasses filled the air; planes swooped below; and machine guns buzzed well into the night. In the first two days, the Division lost roughly 1,600 men. But they kept fighting, held the line, and captured over 600 enemy soldiers. The Texas troops forced the Germans to concede a primary stronghold, which proved to be a critical step in winning the war.   A month later, on November 11, 1918, Germany signed an armistice ending the Great War, and ever since we have commemorated our veterans on this day.   Each person who serves in the Armed Forces deserves our utmost gratitude – they pledge their lives so that we might remain free. Today we honor them.   Texans have always been proud of our troops who, like those who charged the dark forest of Blanc Mont Ridge, defend liberty in the most harrowing circumstances.   Just shy of a century since that most fateful night, the men and women of Texas continue to serve with great courage and commitment.   Ninety Texans have been awarded the Medal of Honor, the United States’ highest recognition of personal bravery. Thousands have volunteered to defend our nation since 9-11, and hundreds have given their lives in the war against terrorism. In the past year, over 17,500 Texans have joined the Armed Forces. With over 200,000 active duty personnel, reservists, National Guardsmen, and civilians at 15 military institutions across the state, Texans play a critical role in keeping Americans safe and free.   Today, service members from Dyess Air Force base are conducting airstrikes against ISIS targets. ISIS is the face of evil. It is persecuting Christians. It is beheading children. It is pillaging towns. And Dyess Air Force base is playing a critical role in exterminating this evil.   Today, troops from Fort Bliss and Fort Hood are deploying to Africa and fighting the spread of what Texans have unfortunately already witnessed to be the deadly disease of Ebola. These soldiers are going into the thick of the epidemic and risking their own wellbeing to end this outbreak. We are grateful for their swift response.   Today, the Texas National Guard has stepped up to secure the border and protect citizens from dangerous illegal criminals that only perpetuate the humanitarian crisis on the border. They are on the front lines of saving lives on American soil. In one case, just over a month ago, three National Guard soldiers rescued a Texan who was injured along the river. He was bleeding profusely, but with their swift response, he survived and has recovered.   Today, bases from Shepperd to Goodfellow to Camp Bullis train our next generation of pilots, medics, and ground troops. Bases scattered throughout the state ensure that the future of our military is strong, and that the young men and women who pledge their lives to defend this nation are well-trained and equipped. These training programs provide them a future of service and opportunity, and in turn, these young soldiers safeguard our national security interests.   Today we recognize a life-long Texan, Richard Overton, who at 108 is the oldest living American World War Two veteran – we thank him for his continued patriotism.   These are only a handful of examples highlighting the robust military presence in the Lone Star State. There are countless told and untold stories of the heroes in the state. Let us never forget to tell them.   This spirit of courage lives on in Texas, and it is with grateful hearts that today we say thank you to all the men and women who have served our country. So today, take a minute to call a service member you know or shake the hand of a veteran. Thank them for their sacrifice. It’s an honor to know them. And let us never forget the price they pay so that we may enjoy the many blessings of liberty.
The biggest regulatory threat to the Internet is "net neutrality."  In short, net neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet. It puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service, and what types of products and services can be delivered, leading to fewer choices, fewer opportunities, and higher prices for consumers.   The Internet should not operate at the speed of government
President Ronald Reagan put it best! Happy 239th birthday to the United States Marine Corps!
Twenty-five years ago today, the world changed when the seemingly-impenetrable wall between East and West Germany was torn down by a people determined to break the stranglehold of totalitarian Communism.   The goal of the Soviet Union was to obliterate the very principle of freedom and to establish a global network of oppression under which all individuals were subjugated to a state that cared only about its own survival.  “It has no laws. All it has is power—power to arrest and torture, with or without laws,” as the survivor of the Soviet gulag Alexander Solzhehitsyn wrote.   It was a brutal campaign, and it almost worked.  More than 100 million people lost their lives in less than a century.  Untold numbers slaved away in work camps under horrific conditions.  From Latin America to Africa to southeast Asia, supporters of Communism were on the march.  The Soviets seemed so powerful that the only option for America and our allies seemed to be to reach some sort of accommodation with them.    But then a new American president charted a different course.  He proposed a simple paradigm of “We win, they lose.” In 1987, Ronald Reagan stood in front of the grim barrier that had been erected in 1961 to forcibly contain the freedom represented by West Berlin and demanded its removal, “General Secretary Gorbachev, if you seek peace, if you seek prosperity for the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, if you seek liberalization…Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!” With his allies, those tireless advocates for religious and economic freedom Pope John Paul II and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, President Reagan refused to accept the tyranny of Communism as inevitable.   Less than a year after Ronald Reagan left office, his vision became a reality.  No wall could hold back the waves of protest that swept from the Baltic through eastern Europe.  On November 9, 1989, freedom prevailed. Where once armed guards and barbed wire kept terrified citizens under Soviet control, a peaceful nation, a friend of the United States, began to flourish.   It might be tempting to imagine of this trajectory as part of a preordained evolution towards liberal democracy and conclude that the bad old days of the Soviet Union are a thing of the past.  But the events of the last year have demonstrated that this is very far from the truth.  Evil may have been defeated in Berlin twenty-five years ago, but it was not eradicated.  An aggressive Russia is once again massing in the region, threatening to extinguish the hard-fought gains of the millions of people whose most cherished dream was to live in freedom.       So rather than greeting this anniversary with self-congratulatory complacency, a renewed resolve is called for.  We must resolve to remain vigilant against all those who threaten our liberties. We must resolve to embrace the opportunities those freedoms provide so America continues to set a shining example of what a truly free people can achieve.  We must resolve to encourage those yearning to be free to join us and our allies as we work to create a more stable and prosperous world.  For if we stand strong today – and every day – we may celebrate even more remarkable victories for freedom twenty-five years from now.
United States Senator Mike Lee on efforts in the Senate to #StopObamasAmnesty.
President Obama’s Attorney General nominee deserves fair and full consideration of the United States Senate, which is precisely why she should not be confirmed in the lame duck session of Congress by senators who just lost their seats and are no longer accountable to the voters.   The Attorney General is the President's chief law enforcement officer. As such, the nominee must demonstrate full and complete commitment to the law.  Loretta Lynch deserves the opportunity to demonstrate those qualities, beginning with a statement whether or not she believes the President’s executive amnesty plans are constitutional and legal.
If President Obama wants to pursue a new AUMF for Iraq (and he should), it shouldn't be in the lame duck session. Those voted out of Congress shouldn't vote to put troops in harm's way.
Democrat senators who just lost their seats should not be able to confirm a new Attorney General. Should be vetted by the new Congress.
We intend to use all procedural means necessary to force the Senate to act to #StopObamasAmnesty!
Election Day. Have you voted?
Congress shouldn't pass an Internet sales tax. Not in the lame duck. Not ever! #NoNetTax
It's unfathomable that there's a day and speech dedicated to ending crimes against journalists and Iran is not once mentioned.
Joined my Texas colleagues today to send a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services expressing our concern about how existing public health resources were used in response to the outbreak of Ebola in the United States.  We need accountability!
#ScaryStoriesIn5Words Still no answer from FAA
We need to give power to the people. The biggest divide we’ve got in this country isn’t between Republicans and Democrats. It’s between career politicians in Washington — in both parties — and the American people. #MakeDCListen
Supporters of religious liberty have just achieved a tremendous victory. Today is an answer to prayer.  Last month, the City of Houston issued a subpoena demanding that five pastors hand over their sermons and correspondence. Together, thousands rose up and told the City to withdraw that subpoena.  Americans defended our right to worship freely without fear of government intimidation, sending a message that was so loud and strong the City of Houston could not ignore it.  And the City of Houston complied, withdrawing the subpoenas altogether.   Pastors across Houston – across denominations, racial and ethnic lines – all came together in support of religious liberty.  As always, I was proud to stand with the pastors, and I applaud their courage for speaking up, and drawing national attention to the ongoing attacks against people of faith. May this strengthen our resolve to defend our liberty and always uphold our God-given rights.
While it is terrific news that Houston’s mayor has dropped the subpoenas against the pastors, they should've NEVER been issued in the first place. #StandWithPastors
So, now senior members of the Obama Administration are openly attacking our ally, Prime Minister Netanyahu, calling him an epithet for poultry manure?  Pitiful.  The President should find out who said this, and fire them immediately. Anything else would be...well, the unnamed official put it best.
27 days and still no answer: http://1.usa.gov/1tdAeXt
It is a travesty that one in every four women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime and as we mark the month of October as National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, we should join together in condemning and putting an end to these abuses.   Too many of us can name friends, family members, and neighbors who we know have suffered from domestic violence. We must join together to protect victims. As Americans, we are blessed to live in a nation that is a refuge for the persecuted and a land of opportunity for all men, women, and children, and it is vital to the health of our nation and the wellbeing of every individual that we have zero tolerance for such crimes.   Moreover, the United States should lead the world in raising awareness of all people facing the plight of domestic violence, especially those who have no recourse within their reach. Our hearts weep for those women – such as Reyhaneh Jabbari, a 26-year old Iranian woman who just this week was hanged for being accused of killing her rapist – and thousands of unnamed souls trapped in the dark corners of the world who are brutally punished by even their own family members for their beliefs, or sometimes for nothing other than being a woman.   We should join in solidarity with all who face the bondage of domestic violence, and with a unified voice we should declare and protect the dignity of each person, and their right to be safe from danger in their own homes and communities, wherever they may be.
This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We need strong presidential leadership stepping forward to protect American citizens from Ebola.
SHARE if you want answers: http://1.usa.gov/1tdAeXt
Fifty years ago today America faced a choice very much similar to the choice we face today.   There’s still great hope for America, now as in 1964, if we choose wisely.
After living for years at the mercy of the Russian Federation, today Lithuania welcomed the Independence, a floating liquefied natural gas terminal capable of transporting 170,000 cubic meters of LNG to its port in Klaipėda. Capable of supplying a majority of Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia’s energy needs, this commemorative ceremony is a defining geopolitical moment of economic liberalization. As Lithuanian president Dalia Grybauskaitė declared, “Nobody will be able to blackmail or force us to pay the political price.”   As we celebrate Lithuania’s step toward energy security, the United States faces a pivotal question: will we lead the world into a new generation of energy prosperity, or will we allow tyrants like Vladimir Putin to determine our future? We have an opportunity not only to aid the Baltic States in breaking their dependence on Russia, but also to unleash the American energy renaissance within our own borders. Washington must lift oppressive export regulations on LNG immediately, removing barriers between economic growth and American innovators poised to bring it about.
Another 'bloody stain' on an already grim record of brutality and oppression: Iran executes Reyhaneh Jabbari.
It's time we drop the illusion that these latest terror attacks are random acts of senseless violence unrelated to our national security.
Sad: the UN has now shown stronger support for the Hong Kong protestors than has the US.
Obamacare was unworkable from the start, is unfixable now, and must be fully repealed. #FullRepeal
The United States stands unshakably with our close allies as we continue the long fight against the enemy who does not distinguish between our countries. We empathize with their losses as they are our losses as well.  Ultimately, our solidarity and shared commitment to the defense of our way of life is the source of our strength.   As Prime Minister Stephen Harper said today, such episodes only "lead us to strengthen our resolve, to strengthen and redouble our efforts to work with our allies around the world and fight against the terrorist organizations who brutalize those in other countries with the hope of bringing their savagery to our shores. They will have no safe haven."
The attacks in Ottawa and Jerusalem yesterday are stark reminders that while radical Islamic terrorism may have originated in the Middle East, it is not confined to that region.  Our great and good friends in Canada and Israel were targeted because both countries share the same core principles of tolerance and freedom that we in America hold so dear—and which are hated by the vicious terrorists whose ultimate goal is to destroy us all.   In Ottawa, a brave soldier named Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was guarding the symbol of his country's national resolve when he was brutally gunned down by a recent convert to radical Islam, apparently aggrieved by Canada’s support for the operation against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. This episode is all too reminiscent of the attack on Fort Hood in Texas in 2009 when fourteen Americans were slaughtered on one of our key military installations in a claimed retaliation for Muslims killed in Afghanistan and Iraq.   In Jerusalem, a three month old baby girl, Chaya Zissel-Brown, was run over by a car driven by a Hamas associate who deliberately crashed into a crowd of civilians embarking from a commuter train. This innocent baby was in fact an American citizen as her parents had recently emigrated to Israel from the United States. This calculated targeting of innocents is all too reminiscent of the attack last month in Moore, Oklahoma, in which yet another self-radicalized Muslim convert decapitated a co-worker, Colleen Hufford, while screaming Islamist tenets.   The United States stands unshakably with our close allies as we continue the long fight against the enemy who does not distinguish between our countries. We empathize with their losses as they are our losses as well.  Ultimately, our solidarity and shared commitment to the defense of our way of life is the source of our strength. As Prime Minister Stephen Harper said today, such episodes only "lead us to strengthen our resolve, to strengthen and redouble our efforts to work with our allies around the world and fight against the terrorist organizations who brutalize those in other countries with the hope of bringing their savagery to our shores. They will have no safe haven."
There was a time not long ago where there was a bipartisan commitment to religious liberty. #StandWithPastors
Your tax dollars have paid people to watch grass grow, to put lions on a treadmill, and to watch sea monkeys synchronize swim.   Sen. Tom Coburn, thank you for watching out for the taxpayer. Read and SHARE his 2014 Wastebook.
Finally a tiny step in the right direction, but we should take the big step of enacting flight bans to keep Americans safe from Ebola.
We should lead boldly. No Washington games.  We will either pass a serious agenda to address the real priorities of the American people — protecting our constitutional rights and pulling us back from the fiscal and economic clifff — or the Democrats will filibuster or veto these bills.
By all signs, Americans are preparing to send Washington a clear message in the 2014 elections.  The question is, will Washington listen?  We should set our sights on three big goals to make Americans feel confident in their futures once again: jumpstart the economy, safeguard constitutional liberties, and strengthen our national security.
The Obama Administration unfortunately is not acting to protect our southern border or to restrict commercial airline flights from places with an active Ebola outbreak. And that just doesn't make sense.
Rep. Matt Krause in the Texas Tribune: "Religious liberty and the freedom of conscience are bedrocks of American civilization."  #StandWithPastors
We don't need another so-called "czar"; we need presidential leadership. This is a public health crisis, and the answer isn't another White House political operative. The answer is a commander in chief who stands up and leads, banning flights from Ebola-afflicted nations and acting decisively to secure our southern border.   The Ebola outbreak shouldn't be treated as yet another partisan battle by the White House; rather, we should come together in bipartisan unity to take these common-sense steps to protect the American people.  And if the President will not act, if he will not lead, then Congress should immediately reconvene for an emergency session to enact a flight ban and take any other necessary measures to protect the health and safety of Americans.
It’s past time to act, and if the President will not, leaders of Congress should reconvene for an emergency session to impose a temporary flight ban on non-US passengers traveling from Ebola-afflicted nations.
Obama Admin reps don’t block Maduro’s brutal Castro-allied regime from joining UN Security Council. #SOSVenezuela
The city of Houston has no power – no legal authority – to silence the church. Caesar has no jurisdiction over the pulpit, and when you subpoena one pastor, you subpoena every pastor. #StandWithPastors
The Obama Administration’s arguments against a flight ban for countries afflicted by Ebola don’t make sense.
It's been two weeks since I asked the FAA what it's doing to protect Americans from Ebola.  STILL no response...
My latest op-ed: Ban flights from Ebola-stricken nations.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
The risks of epidemic are far too large for us to allow unimpeded commercial flights from nations afflicted by Ebola.
I'm proud to stand with the pastors. Religious liberty is the very first protection in the Bill of Rights, the foundation of all our liberties. The City of Houston’s subpoenas demanding that pastors provide the government with copies of their sermons is both shocking and shameful.   For far too long, the federal government has led an assault against religious liberty, and now, sadly, my hometown of Houston is joining the fight.   This is wrong.  It's unbefitting of Texans, and it's un-American. The government has no business asking pastors to turn over their sermons.   These subpoenas are a grotesque abuse of power, and the officials who approved them should be held accountable by the people.   The Mayor should be ashamed. And we should all be proud to stand up and defend the pastors who are resisting these blatant attempts to suppress their First Amendment rights.
Common sense dictates we should impose a travel ban on commercial airline flights from nations afflicted by Ebola.
Glad to see the 5th Circuit take action to protect the integrity of our elections and keep Texas Voter ID laws on the books for the November 4th elections!
The great work being done under the auspices of the International Christian Embassy Jerusalem to combat the brutal persecution of Christians in the Middle East.
Anchors aweigh since 1775 — Happy 239th birthday to the United States Navy!
Today we remember the fearless Lady Thatcher, who risked all for liberty. In her words, "you do not achieve anything without trouble, ever."
If Obamacare were working, they'd want you to see your 2015 premiums BEFORE the election. #FullRepeal
Yesterday was the United Nations' "International Day of the Girl Child." This year's theme was "Empowering adolescent girls: Ending the cycle of violence." We cannot end the cycle of violence without addressing the practice of sex-selective abortion, which has disproportionately claimed the lives of millions of baby girls across the world.  Unfortunately, right here in America there are 36 Democrats in the Senate promoting the so-called "Women's Health Protection Act" which would nullify virtually all state and federal limits on abortion, including sex-selective abortion.  Every life is a precious gift from God, and even more so, targeting baby girls for death in the womb simply because they are the "wrong" sex is heartbreaking and wrong.
Even more evidence that the Fort Hood shooting was radical Islamic terrorism — not “workplace violence."
Make no mistake: Internet taxes are going to make it harder for small businesses to operate. #NoNetTax
5th Circuit correctly refuses to reconsider its ruling upholding Texas’ HB2 to protect women and the unborn. #Stand4Life
Unfortunately after six years of the Obama/Clinton/Kerry foreign policy, it seems to be a foreign policy that focuses on photo ops and press releases, but not on concrete military objectives that are tied to our national security.
Will join the Kelly File live on Fox News tonight at 8 PM CT. I hope you'll tune in!
Marriage is, and always has been, a question for the states. Not unelected judges. Marriage laws should reflect the values and mores of the citizens of each state.
#SecureTheBorder NOW!  http://www.nationalreview.com/campaign-spot/389829/isis-fighters-getting-caught-coming-across-us-mexican-border-jim-geraghty
When Congress returns to session, I will be introducing a constitutional amendment to prevent the federal government or the courts from striking down state marriage laws.
Embracing the Great American Energy Renaissance empowered Texas to set record-breaking export numbers. Let's take it nation-wide!
The Supreme Court’s decision to let rulings by lower court judges stand that redefine marriage is both tragic and indefensible. By refusing to rule if the States can define marriage, the Supreme Court is abdicating its duty to uphold the Constitution. The fact that the Supreme Court Justices, without providing any explanation whatsoever, have permitted lower courts to strike down so many state marriage laws is astonishing.   This is judicial activism at its worst. The Constitution entrusts state legislatures, elected by the People, to define marriage consistent with the values and mores of their citizens.  Unelected judges should not be imposing their policy preferences to subvert the considered judgments of democratically elected legislatures.   The Supreme Court is, de facto, applying an extremely broad interpretation to the 14th Amendment without saying a word – an action that is likely to have far-reaching consequences. Because of the Court’s decision today, 11 States will likely now be forced to legalize same-sex marriage: Virginia, Indiana, Wisconsin, Oklahoma, Utah, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, Kansas, Colorado, and Wyoming. And this action paves the way for laws prohibiting same-sex marriage to be overturned in any state.   It is beyond dispute that when the 14th Amendment was adopted 146 years ago, as a necessary post-Civil War era reform, it was not imagined to also mandate same-sex marriage, but that is what the Supreme Court is implying today. The Court is making the preposterous assumption that the People of the United States somehow silently redefined marriage in 1868 when they ratified the 14th Amendment.   Nothing in the text, logic, structure, or original understanding of the 14th Amendment or any other constitutional provision authorizes judges to redefine marriage for the Nation. It is for the elected representatives of the People to make the laws of marriage, acting on the basis of their own constitutional authority, and protecting it, if necessary, from usurpation by the courts.   Marriage is a question for the States.  That is why I have introduced legislation, S. 2024, to protect the authority of state legislatures to define marriage. And that is why, when Congress returns to session, I will be introducing a constitutional amendment to prevent the federal government or the courts from attacking or striking down state marriage laws.    Traditional marriage is an institution whose integrity and vitality are critical to the health of any society. We should remain faithful to our moral heritage and never hesitate to defend it.
President Obama's mission against ISIS needs to be refocused. It's for Congress to evaluate.
On this Yom Kippur, I wish Jewish people everywhere a meaningful holiday of reflection and forgiveness.
A pleasure to join the Houston Realty Business Coalition for breakfast this morning to discuss policies that promote growth because we Texans understand that growth is foundational to opportunity!
Due to the Obama Administration's unclear approach to addressing the threat of the Ebola virus, Americans – particularly the Texans who have possibly been exposed – deserve specific answers to how the administration is addressing travel to and from the countries impacted by the disease.  It is imperative that the FAA take every available precaution in preventing additional cases from arriving in the United States.
A reprehensible reminder of what Iran is doing to women:
179 years ago when Santa Anna demanded the Texians in the city of Gonzales hand over their guns and the cannon that defended their city, they responded with the immortal cry: #ComeAndTakeIt!
All of us are deeply concerned about the terrible outbreak of Ebola in Africa and the fact that there is now one confirmed case here in Texas.  Our prayers are with those who are suffering.  Earlier today I spoke with Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell and she offered her assurances that HHS and the CDC are acting vigorously to take every medical step to contain and stop the spread of the Ebola virus.  Vigilance is still very much required, but present information seems to indicate that a more widespread outbreak in America remains unlikely.    I am proud of our soldiers from Ft. Hood fighting the disease in Africa and the exceptional medical staff we have in Texas working to limit its spread, and I would urge those in the Dallas area and statewide to heed close attention to information being distributed by the medical community.
Significant victory for the American people: an Oklahoma judge strikes down Obamacare’s lawless implementation. #FullRepeal
Why is everybody moving to Texas? More jobs, more growth, and more opportunity!
The People’s Republic of China’s autocratic selection of the candidates for Hong Kong’s 2017 chief executive has triggered a massive popular uprising the likes of which has not been seen since Tiananmen Square in 1989. The PRC knows all too well what is at stake here and has, according to internal reports from Hong Kong, put the local People’s Liberation Army garrison on alert.   To ignore this momentous development in China would be to turn our backs on those who are crying out for an end to the PRC’s repressive one-party system.  The citizens of Hong Kong, who have long enjoyed unparalleled economic freedom, are no longer content to have that freedom coupled to brutal political repression.    Some have argued that no matter how successful the Chinese people are economically, they are culturally incapable of democracy.  But Taiwan’s successful transition to a free system and its subsequent success prove to the world what the PRC’s leaders most fear: the people of China are perfectly capable of governing themselves when given the opportunity.   The PRC threat to Hong Kong’s protest leaders tells the story: ‘The fact that you are allowed to stay alive already shows the country’s inclusiveness.’  The brave men and women of Hong Kong are crying out that they are no longer content to simply exist, and they are risking their lives for true freedom that is not only economic but also personal and political.   The United States should not miss this opportunity to express our strong solidarity with them.
U.S. leaders should not fall into the trap of blindly assuming that just because our enemy Iran hates our enemy ISIL, it means that Iran is now our friend.  We would do much more to defend the national security interests of the United States by seeking common cause with our real allies in the region than by pursuing some misguided and dangerous attempt at détente with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Partnering with Iran to destroy ISIS would be a historic mistake.
Yesterday, I had the chance to ask Meriam Ibrahim, in the dark of it all, how did you not lose faith? How did you not give up hope?   And she responded very simply. She said, “God was with me."   Anyone who forgets the promise, simply remember joy cometh in the morning. Millions of believers across the world lifted Meriam up in prayer, spoke out in support of her and the attention, the heat, the light, was too much on the government of Sudan and they were forced to release her, free, free at last!
Israel's action in Gaza was the just self-defense of a sovereign nation against relentless attacks by radical Islamic terrorists. The United States would and should do the same under those circumstances.   Rather than bandying baseless accusations against Israel in the United Nations, the Palestinian Authority would do better to expose Hamas' vicious use of civilians as human shields, which is an actual war crime.
I'm optimistic because of you. I'm optimistic because I believe in the American people. And I'm optimistic, because I am convinced, God isn't done with America yet.  We stand on the promise of the word: weeping may endure for the night but joy cometh in the morning! #VVS14
Our values are who we are. Our values are why we are here. And our values are fundamentally American. #VVS14
Honored to meet with Naghmeh Abedini, wife of Pastor Saeed, whose steadfast faith is an inspiration. #ItsTime #SaveSaeed
For two years, Pastor Saeed has suffered from starvation and torture in a brutal Iranian prison. #ItsTime to #SaveSaeed: http://saeedvigil.com
#TBT: Wrapped up 21+ hours on the Senate floor one year ago today. A small excerpt from that speech that’s just as true now as it was then. Let's #MakeDCListen!
It is good news that Eric Holder has announced his resignation. Sadly, he has proven to be the most partisan attorney general in our history, repeatedly defying and refusing to enforce the law.  It did not have to be this way, but Holder’s leadership has grievously undermined the Department of Justice’s long bipartisan tradition of independence and fidelity to law.   Holder had an opportunity to fairly investigate the IRS’s illegal targeting of citizen groups; rather than do so, he entrusted the investigation to a major Democratic donor, and brazenly refused to appoint a special prosecutor.  For two years now, the Department has obstructed justice and impeded any fair investigation of the IRS’s abuse of power; in response to Holder’s partisan dereliction of duty, I publicly called for his impeachment.   To this day, no one has been yet held accountable for the IRS scandal, and it is incumbent upon the next Attorney General to uphold the law without regard to partisan ideology.   To ensure that justice is served and that the Attorney General is not simply replaced with another extreme partisan who will likewise disregard the law, the Senate should wait until the new Congress is sworn in before confirming the next Attorney General.  Allowing Democratic senators, many of whom will likely have just been defeated at the polls, to confirm Holder’s successor would be an abuse of power that should not be countenanced.
Two years is two years too long. #ItsTime to #SaveSaeed: http://saeedvigil.com
Israel hunts down the terrorist murderers of three innocent teens -- including Israeli-American Naftali Fraenkel.
While Amir Hekmati has been wrongfully imprisoned in Iran, his father's health has failed. #FreeAmir now so Amir can see him!
New study shows that lifting the ban on oil exports will promote jobs, wages, trade and economic growth by $600 billion to $1.8 trillion through 2039, and reduce gas prices at the pump by 9 cents per gallon. Pass the American Energy Renaissance Act NOW!
Democrats must stop blocking the ETA of 2014 and stop those who join ISIS from returning to the United States!
Get the latest on efforts to #StopObamasAmnesty, destroy ISIS, and prevent our lawless president from continuing his plans that threaten the economy and our national security. Read and share our newsletter:
Take time today and every day to remember and pray for America's prisoners of war and those who are missing in action, as well as their families, friends and loved ones. Because of your sacrifice, your service, and your dedication to our nation, we can be free. You are not forgotten. #POWMIADay
ISIS represents a direct and growing threat to the United States. They have brutally murdered Americans on the world stage and there are reports of jihadists being urged to strike targets such as Times Square, the Las Vegas Strip, and even locations in Texas.  I am encouraged by passage of this bill and it is my hope the House will join in unity with the Senate, and give President Obama the opportunity to send an emphatic message to the world that we will hunt down and punish these killers and anyone else who seeks to harm U.S. citizens.
Today we celebrate 67 years of the finest fighting force in the skies. Happy birthday to the United States Air Force!
I cannot vote to empower our lawless president to continue his plans that threaten the economy and our national security. The Continuing Resolution funds Obama’s Amnesty, it funds Obamacare, and it funds military operations in Syria that are not authorized by Congress and are dependent on unreliable actors in the region.  I have offered several amendments to make America more free, strong, and safe, but the sad fact of the matter is that Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid’s do-nothing Senate refuses even to allow vote on them.  Given that this Continuing Resolution does nothing to secure the border, give Americans any relief from Obamacare, or commit President Obama to a clear strategy against ISIS that protects U.S. interests, I cannot in good conscience vote for the Continuing Resolution. It is my fervent hope that Americans will speak loud and clear in the next few months, elect a new Senate majority, and give the new Congress a strong mandate to reverse the disastrous decline orchestrated by President Obama and the Senate Democrats.
The ETA thus has applicability beyond the immediate threat of ISIS, it is an important adjustment to our existing laws governing the renunciation of citizenship to reflect the threat posed by non-nation terrorist groups.  As then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said concerning the Lieberman-Brown legislation, "United States citizenship is a privilege.  It is not a right. People who are serving foreign powers — or in this case, foreign terrorists — are clearly in violation…of that oath which they swore when they became citizens."   The Expatriate Terrorist Act of 2014 is only a very modest change to current law, it’s one small step in a larger and necessary effort to re-focus our ISIS strategy that I urge President Obama to consider immediately: http://1.usa.gov/XM5KjO
#TBT to when Sen. Harry Reid supported #AuditTheFed. The House passed it yesterday — let’s vote in the Senate!
An honor to celebrate #ConstitutionDay at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia tonight!
Today the House voted to audit the Federal Reserve. Why are Senate Dems blocking a vote to open the books?  Let's #AuditTheFed NOW!
It is our job to kill terrorists who have declared war on America and who have demonstrated the intention and capability to murder innocent Americans.
227 years ago, members of the Constitutional Convention emerged from Independence Hall with the most extraordinary governing document known to man -- the United States Constitution. It is said that a woman asked Benjamin Franklin, "Well, Doctor, what have we got, a republic or a monarchy?" To which, Franklin responded, "A republic, if you can keep it."  We must, once again, make a commitment to keep it today. Let us always treasure and defend the blessings of liberty enshrined in our Constitution. #HappyConstitutionDay
Discussed today's hearing on ISIS with Sean Hannity. Catch it tonight at 9 pm CT!
The Obama Administration’s plan to combat ISIS is defined by its confusion. We should have a mission to achieve what is immediately essential: striking ISIS to protect Americans.
We need the whole truth about #Benghazi, and we need it NOW!
Under Democratic control, the U.S. Senate refuses to even allow a vote on solving the crisis at the border or stopping the President’s illegal amnesty. #StopObamasAmnesty
New study confirms the U.S. tax code costs jobs and impedes growth. Time to #AbolishTheIRS and drastically simplify the tax code.
Updates on defeating ISIS, #SecureTheBorder, #StopObamasAmnesty, #DontRepeal1A and more in our latest newsletter. Please read and SHARE!
American heroes come big and small. This week, this little Texas hero made her first return to Ground Zero since she assisted in the recovery efforts.
Thirteen years ago, we experienced an attack unlike any other -- an attack carried out by radical Islamic terrorists on American soil that claimed the lives of thousands. Our fortitude was tested, but together we remained strong.  On that day, and in the years since, we have showed strength and perseverance as a nation and as a people, and because of the sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, we brought the terrorists involved in these horrific attacks to justice.  Today, we reflect and remember all of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001 -- most, innocent victims, many, who willingly gave their lives to rescue others -- their families, the heroes, and all of those who continue to keep us safe today.  This day also serves as a reminder that we must keep a watchful eye on the enemies of liberty.  The fight against those who despise our values and wish for the destruction of our country continues today, as evidenced by the rise of radical Islam and the growing conflicts in the Middle East.  As Americans, we must stand firm and protect the values of freedom and liberty that make our country great.
Tonight in Washington should have been a night of unity as we came together for the inaugural event for a group that calls itself ‘In Defense of Christians.’ Instead, it unfortunately deteriorated into a shameful display of bigotry and hatred.   When I spoke in strong support of Israel and the Jewish people, who are being persecuted and murdered by the same vicious terrorists who are also slaughtering Christians, many Christians in the audience applauded.  But, sadly, a vocal and angry minority of attendees at the conference tried to shout down my expression of solidarity with Israel.   They cannot shout down the truth.  And we should not shy away from expressing the truth, even in the face of – especially in the face of – ignorance and bigotry.   I told the attendees that those who hate Israel also hate America, that those who hate Jews also hate Christians, and that anyone who hates Israel and the Jewish people is not following the teachings of Christ.   These statements were met with angry boos. I went on to tell the crowd that Christians in the Middle East have no better friend than Israel. That Christians can practice their faith free of persecution in Israel.  And that ISIS, al Qaeda, Hamas, and Hezbollah, along with their state sponsors in Syria and Iran, are all part of the same cancer, murdering Christians and Jews alike.  Hate is hate, and murder is murder.   I came to this event tonight to help shine a light on the tragic persecution and slaughter of Christians by ISIS and Islamic radicals throughout the Middle East.  American leaders have been far too silent as to this horrific evil.   But bigotry and hatred have no place in this discussion. Anti-Semitism is a corrosive evil, and it reared its ugly head tonight.     After just a few minutes, I had no choice.  I told them that if you will not stand with Israel, if you will not stand with the Jews, then I will not stand with you. And then I walked off the stage.
Voting to #StopObamasAmnesty and to solve our crisis at the border isn't a hard vote. Let's vote.
I hope we can return to a day where there’s bipartisan support for protecting the free speech rights of every American. #DontRepeal1A
We cannot solve the crisis at the border until we end President Obama’s Amnesty. #StopObamasAmnesty
As Sen. Ted Kennedy said, "In the entire history of the Constitution we have never amended the Bill of Rights, and now is not the time to start."  #DontRepeal1A
President Obama continues his war on the Catholic Church by trying to force nuns who care for the elderly poor to violate their religious beliefs at the altar of Obamacare.
Sen. Ted Kennedy was absolutely right when he said this… #DontRepeal1A
What our focus should be is taking ISIS out so that they cannot project terror and murder Americans.
We should take common sense steps to make fighting for, or supporting ISIS, an affirmative renunciation of American citizenship. We know today that there are over a hundred Americans who have joined ISIS, who have taken up arms alongside the Jihadists, along with thousands of others from the European Union. And we also know that they are trying to return to their countries of origin to carry out terrorist attacks there. We know this because on May 24, an ISIS member returned to Belgium, where he attacked innocent visitors at a Jewish museum, slaughtering four people. And it was reported today that he had been plotting an even larger attack on Paris on Bastille Day. In addition, on August 11 of this year, an accused ISIS sympathizer, Donald Ray Morgan, was arrested at JFK airport trying to reenter the United States. We know that this threat is real.  That is why I have today filed legislation, the Expatriate Terrorist Act of 2014, which would amend the existing statute governing renunciation of United States citizenship to designate fighting for a hostile foreign government or foreign terrorist organization as an affirmative renunciation of citizenship. By fighting for ISIS, U.S. citizens have expressed their desire to become citizens of the Islamic State, and that cannot and will not peacefully coexist with remaining American citizens. The desire to become a citizen of a terrorist organization that has expressed a desire to wage war on the American people, has demonstrated a brutal capacity to do so, murdering American civilians on the global stage and promising to bring that Jihad home to America. We should not be facilitating their efforts by allowing fighters fighting alongside ISIS to come back to America with American passports and walk freely in our cities to carry out unspeakable acts of terror. It is my hope that the legislation I'm introducing today will earn support on both sides of the aisle, that we will see this body come together and say while there are many partisan issues that divide us, when it comes to protecting United States citizens from acts of terror, we are all as one.
The Secretary of Defense says more than 100 Americans are fighting with ISIS.   SHARE if you support my bill to make sure they never come back to the US!
Today, the President once again failed to propose any serious action against ISIS, telling the American people that we must wait several more days for the revelation of his "game plan".  One thing he did indicate, however, is that he would not be requesting Congressional authorization for ongoing military operations in Iraq or Syria.  This is unacceptable--if the threat posed by ISIS is not acute--which would be indicated by the President's long deliberation, Congress must play a key role in the debate.  But if the threat is imminent we need more urgency and seriousness out of our Commander-in-Chief.  We know the threat of ISIS has been concerning for the intelligence community for more than a year, and has been in the headlines since they made their ferocious assault on northern Iraq in June.  Inexplicably, President Obama has not during these weeks and months developed any coherent strategy to counter these terrorists who have declared their intent to attack us and our allies, and have brutally executed two of our citizens while systematically purging ethnic minorities, including Christians, in the region.  We do not need another vague speech; we need a strategy. The President did not have one last year, or last week, and he still does not have one now.  We should be using our overwhelming US airpower to dismantle and destroy ISIS.  President Obama should make the case to the American people and seek authorization from Congress. Formal congressional authorization is required by the Constitution and would force the President to commit to a clearly defined strategy to protect our national security.  And it would unite the Congress in the mission to protect America and eradicate ISIS.
Venezuela -- a member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries -- is set to import oil due to the catastrophic socialist policies of Chavez and Maduro.
Sen. Jeff Sessions is right: Senate Democrats must act to #StopObamasAmnesty or be complicit in degrading US immigration law.
Americans who choose to go to Syria or Iraq to fight with vicious ISIS terrorists are party to a terrorist organization committing horrific acts of violence, including beheading innocent American journalists who they have captured.  There can be no clearer renunciation of their citizenship in the United States, and we need to do everything we can to preempt any attempt on their part to re-enter our country and carry out further attacks on American civilians.
Looking to relocate? Four out of ten of America’s most affordable cities “you will want to live in” are in Texas.  And Round Rock is number 1!
Great discussion in Sugar Land today about why it's so important we #StopObamasAmnesty and #SecureTheBorder.
Never-ending gratitude for the sacrifices of all those killed or severely hurt in the line of duty who received the Star of Texas Award today. True Texas heroes.
Grim reports on the brutal murder of American journalist Steven Sotloff confirm what we already knew to be true: Vicious radical Islamists seek to spill American blood and we must take swift action to stop their rise to power and eradicate these extremists now. Members of Congress must unite to clearly and directly confront this evil.
Unacceptable. DHS should be enforcing the rule of law, not encouraging previously deported illegal immigrants to return to the United States. #StopObamasAmnesty
As we gather with families and friends this Labor Day, remember the American worker and all those who wish to work.  As Calvin Coolidge said in a Labor Day address:  "I cannot think of anything that represents the American people as a  whole so adequately as honest work. We perform different tasks, but the spirit is the same. We are proud of work and ashamed of idleness.  With us there is no task which is menial, no service which is degrading. All work is ennobling and all workers are ennobled."  Today, too many Americans who want work are deprived of that opportunity.  The nominal unemployment rate is 6.2%.  The number of unemployed is 9.7 million.  The number of Americans who want work but have stopped looking is 2.2 million, and the number of discouraged Americans who have given up looking for work is 741,000.  The number of underemployed Americans is 19.4 million.  These are people who are unemployed (9.7 million), want work but have stopped searching for a job (2.2 million), or are working part time because they cannot find full time employment (7.5 million).  The labor force participation rate is 62.9 percent--the lowest level of participation since 1978.  The number of Americans not in the labor force is still over 92 million Americans, as 11,472,000 million Americans have left the workforce since President Obama took office.  These are not mere statistics—these represent real people, real families, people who have had their hopes and dreams crushed by a President and Democrats in Congress whose faith in Progressive politics will not be changed by the facts—their economic policies are a failure.  We can grow our way out of this problem. Ronald Reagan helped us do it in the 1980s and we can to it again now.  If the economy had recovered at the pace of Reagan’s recovery the  economy would be $2.2 trillion larger this year.  It's all because he put his faith in America's workers to make their own decisions that unleashed a new era of prosperity for the nation.  President Obama has done the opposite and because of destructive Obama  policies, the economy has lost $6.4 trillion cumulatively since the recession ended--$20,388 per person.  We owe it to the American people to get the economy going again.  Many look for some silver bullet or innovative policy proposal, but it all goes to one basic question: Whom do you trust more, the government, or the workers?  I trust the workers. The American worker is what has made our nation the envy of the world. American workers create jobs, growth, and opportunities for themselves and the next generation. And, it is the American worker who deserves our confidence, support, and respect once again.
The Texas legislature, representing the will of the people of Texas, fought boldly last session to strengthen measures that protect innocent life and to limit the tragic impact of abortion on our society. Today's court decision is a setback, and would allow abortion facilities to continue operating under substandard conditions – that is a real war on women. I hope that the 5th Circuit will quickly reverse it. #Stand4Life
I wanted to give a message to our students: seize the opportunities that come with each academic year. Whether you’re starting kindergarten or finishing college, it’s an opportunity: an opportunity to work hard, attain new skills, and discover talents.  Don’t let anyone else determine your future for you. When critics don’t think you can get great grades, or make the all-star team, or be admitted to the most rigorous school, that should encourage you even more to do your best.  This is the best of the Texas tradition. We have so many great innovators before us who refused to accept failure.  You are fortunate to have parents and grandparents who have made sacrifices so that you may succeed, and teachers who work long hours to make sure you learn as much as possible. Thank them for all they do to help you succeed and honor them by making the most of every single opportunity.
#TBT to that time President Obama said that the expansion of amnesty he is considering "would be ignoring the law." #StopObamasAmnesty
As school bells ring in a new year across the country, a special #BackToSchool #TBT
Obamacare backlogs have already started... #FullRepeal
It’s back to school time and last week as I dropped my daughter Caroline off at her first day of first grade, I remembered the excitement that a new school year brings.  I wanted to give a message to our students: seize the opportunities that come with each academic year. Whether you’re starting kindergarten or finishing college, it’s an opportunity: an opportunity to work hard, attain new skills, and discover talents.  While some of you may not enjoy those multiplication tables, others might find the reading assignments to be drudgery, still others may have difficult jobs and obligations after class, or live in a home where it’s always a challenge to make ends meet, or be stuck in a lagging school system.  These challenges are real, and they are often factors in students’ success rate. But let me tell you one thing: don’t let anyone else determine your future for you. When critics don’t think you can get great grades, or make the all-star team, or be admitted to the most rigorous school, that should encourage you even more to do your best.  This is the best of the Texas tradition. We have so many great innovators before us who refused to accept failure.  In the 1960’s, for example, Mary Kay Ash found the male-dominated business world nearly suffocating, but rather than giving up, she created a new business model that would enable women to be both successful businesswomen and mothers, and that put customers first. It has now become one of the best-selling cosmetic companies in the country.  In the 1970’s, Willie Nelson moved back to Texas. After being inspired by the emerging rock and jazz scene in Austin, he broke the mold of Tennessee country and created an untried genre now known as outlaw country. His record sales soon sky-rocketed, he emerged as one of the great American icons, and today, we consider albums like “Texas in My Soul” to be Lone Star staples.  In the 1980’s, when everyone said the oil boom was finished, pioneers like George Mitchell refused to accept that the Texas soil was done giving, and he spent years innovating ways to crack the Barnett Shale, which eventually resulted in hydraulic fracturing, a practice that continues to revolutionize our nation’s energy supply and lead to more energy independence.  It was through their determined and innovative spirit that a floodgate of job opportunities opened to countless Texans and Americans.  There’s nothing stopping you from doing the same.  You are fortunate to have parents and grandparents who have made sacrifices so that you may succeed, and teachers who work long hours to make sure you learn as much as possible. Thank them for all they do to help you succeed and honor them by making the most of every single opportunity.  Best of luck, and God bless Texas.
DoJ reveals the federal government has Lois Lerner's email. Appoint a #SpecialProsecutorNow! #IRS
As we face evil in our own time, we remember the evils we defeated in the past.
The Obama Administration has stonewalled on #FastAndFurious for years.   Why is it so hard to get answers from the so-called "most transparent administration in history”?
Twenty-one years ago, a horrific crime shocked the conscience of my hometown of Houston.   Two teenage girls were brutally gang-raped and murdered as they walked home one evening.  Jennifer Ertman and Elizabeth Pena were taken from us by an act of unspeakable cruelty.  Jennifer's father, Randy Ertman, emerged from the tragic loss of his only daughter to became a resolute and powerful advocate for justice.    As the father of daughters myself, I cannot begin to comprehend his pain -- first on that night and then in almost the two decades of hearings, trials and media headlines.  This morning we learned that Randy has passed away following a battle with cancer.   Andrea Watkins with FOX 26 posted a message today recalling how Randy bravely delivered one of the first victim-impact statements in a Harris County courtroom, advancing the cause of victims’ rights.  Years ago, as the Solicitor General of Texas, I argued in Medellin v. Texas that neither the World Court nor the President of the United States had the constitutional authority to prevent Texas from executing Jose Ernesto Medellin, one of the gang leaders who committed this horrific crime.  The United States Supreme Court agreed.  Today, I remain in awe of Randy's courage and resolve.   I offer my most sincere condolences to his family during this time but take solace in knowing that he and Jennifer are reunited in the presence of Our Creator.    My family prays for everlasting peace for the Ertman family.  Godspeed, Randy.
Wishing Pearland the best of luck taking on Chicago in the Little League World Series tonight! #LLWS #PullTheTrain
Set your DVR! If you couldn’t make it to George Strait’s record-setting farewell concert, don’t miss it when it airs on Friday, August 29th!
Why is President Obama selling AMRAAM missiles to Turkey (http://bit.ly/1pWk82O) but blocking Hellfires for Israel?
We are witnessing evil in action in Iraq. #WeAreN
Inspiring to see the Knights of Columbus heeding Pope Francis' call to aid the suffering Christians in Iraq.
Please watch and SHARE: Pastor Saeed Abedini's wife speaks with Greta Van Susteren about the death threats her husband is receiving from ISIS in Iran -- where he is currently imprisoned just for being a Christian. #SaveSaeed
Unfortunately, there has been a sad history of the Travis County District Attorney's Office engaging in politically-motivated prosecutions, and this latest indictment of the governor is extremely questionable.  Rick Perry is a friend, he's a man of integrity – I am proud to stand with Rick Perry. The Texas Constitution gives the governor the power to veto legislation, and a criminal indictment predicated on the exercise of his constitutional authority is, on its face, highly suspect.
Look at what the Great American Energy Renaissance has done for Midland, Texas: a jobless rate of just 2.9%!
The direct cause of the border crisis that Texas is now forced to address is President Obama's amnesty.  The solutions are really quite simple: Secure the border, end the amnesty and implement a system that celebrates legal immigration. #StopObamasAmnesty
It has been two years since journalist, Marine and fellow Texan Austin Tice was kidnapped in Syria.  Please read his parents’ heartfelt plea for his return:
The solutions to our border crisis are really quite simple: Secure the border, #StopObamasAmnesty, and implement a system that celebrates legal immigration!
Together, we should all mourn the loss of life in Ferguson, Missouri and work to keep our communities safe and free. Police officers risk their lives every day to keep us safe, and any time a young man loses his life in a confrontation with law enforcement, it is tragic.  All of our prayers are with the citizens of Ferguson, that the violence will subside and peace will be restored. Reporters should never be detained --  a free press is too important -- simply for doing their jobs. Civil liberties must be protected, but violence is not the answer. Once the unrest is brought to an end, we should examine carefully what happened to ensure that justice is served.
Urgent prayer request for Pastor Saeed Abedini. #SaveSaeed
Dr. Singh is absolutely right: amnesty is unfair to legal immigrants and undermines the rule of law.
More Obama Administration lawlessness making the crisis on our border worse. We must #SecureTheBorder and #StopObamasAmnesty!
What ISIS is doing in Iraq is unspeakable; ISIS is the face of evil. #WeAreN
Mr. President, bring Pastor Saeed Abedini home. #SaveSaeed
#WeAreN and we stand in solidarity with the persecuted Iraqi Christians: bit.ly/1sGJoeh  SHARE if you do too!
My friend Mark Davis on how the Lone Star State should be a model for turning our nation around. #MakeDCListen
The Obama foreign policy has created chaos across the globe and has made the world much more dangerous.
"Our children are everything to us": Rachel Fraenkel on how the loss of her son -- who was murdered by Hamas terrorists -- may have saved Israel.
Hamas using civilians as human shields is much more than just "extraordinarily irresponsible." It is evil and depraved. #StandWithIsrael
This year alone, Hamas has attempted to murder innocent Israeli civilians with over 3,000 rockets. #StandWithIsrael
For four years, USAID contractor Alan Gross has languished in a Cuban prison.  His crime was distributing cell phones to the island's tiny and isolated Jewish population. Encouraging the free flow of information is considered a seditious act in the Castros' Cuba, and so he has remained in jail despite the flimsiness of the case against him and his deteriorating health. He had remained optimistic that the United States would see that he was released and reunited with his wife and children, but as the U.S. remains silent, he has begun to lose hope.    It is a cruel shame that while the Obama Administration is eager to grant travel visas to celebrity friends like Beyonce and Jay-Z so they can elevate visiting the island as a chic trip, they have not been able to summon the energy to bring Alan Gross home.   Instead, just ninety miles off our shores, an American citizen and government employee is weakening in a jail cell alone, believing that his country has forsaken him.  We owe it to Mr. Gross and his family to make it clear that we remember him--and that we urge the Obama Administration to prioritize his case.   We recently saw in Sudan how the prayers of millions of believers -- and the sustained, high-level efforts of the Italian government -- were able to effect the release of Meriam Ibrahim.  In the name of justice, with real American leadership, we should be able to do as much for Alan Gross.
Congrats to Texas and SpaceX for their commitment to a commercial launch facility in Cameron county and continuing Texas' lead in space exploration!
If the Senate refuses to take action, the Internet will be taxed this November: http://1.usa.gov/1v1fE02  Keep the Internet tax free! #NoNetTax
The State Department should condemn Hamas' disgraceful use of UNRWA schools and Palestinian civilians as shields for terrorist attacks on Israel. #StandWithIsrael
H Con Res 107 is so important because Hamas using children as human shields is simply unacceptable. #StandWithIsrael
Very encouraging to see Republicans in the House uniting to #StopObamasAmnesty.
Very encouraging to see Republicans in the House uniting to #StopObamasAmnesty.
Read and SHARE the latest in the fights to #StopObamasAmnesty, #StandWithIsrael, protect privacy, keep the internet tax free, and more in our latest newsletter!
Washington Post: "Suddenly, Obamacare is more unpopular than ever."  Repeal. Every. Single. Word. #FullRepeal
Today Harry Reid blocked all consideration of legislation to stop President Obama’s amnesty. By refusing any debate or even a vote on legislation to stop Obama’s amnesty, Senate Democrats are cynically choosing to perpetuate the crisis.  Every Senate Democrat but two voted against taking up legislation to stop President Obama's amnesty.  They now own this crisis; each bears responsibility for enabling the President to march forward with plans to give amnesty to millions more who arrived in our country illegally.  The evidence shows that the crisis at the border is a direct consequence of President Obama’s lawlessness, and the surge of unaccompanied children trafficked to the United States by drug cartels and transnational gangs will not ebb until Congress restrains the President from taking any further executive action.  The House of Representatives is working hard to solve this crisis, but Harry Reid's do-nothing Senate has abdicated all responsibility.   Last week, I introduced the Protect Children and Families Through Rule of Law Act that would stop President Obama’s amnesty. Faced by an extreme president who refuses to follow the law, Republicans should unite to stop the amnesty that is causing tens of thousands of children to be victimized by violent coyotes and drug cartels. The responsibility for the pain and suffering experienced by those children who are exploited by dangerous criminals and the associated burdens imposed on our border towns and cities now lies directly on Senate Democrats who would rather put hundreds of thousands more children and countless Americans at risk than stand up to the out-of-control and lawless president.
Keep the internet tax free.
Unfortunately Senate Democrats just stood in the way of keeping the internet tax free. #NoNetTax
Across the nation, citizens are celebrating Freidman Legacy Day. We remember Milton Freidman, the Nobel-prize-winning economist who pioneered school choice for all children. Today, let’s continue Freidman’s resolve to expand and uplift educational opportunities for all children.  School choice is the civil rights issue of the 21st century. We must work tirelessly to ensure that each child’s success is not determined by the neighborhood they grew up in, but by the chance they had to get an education that equipped them to dream big, and make those dreams a reality. #Milton102
The contrast in this tale of two hospitals could not be more clear: Hamas exploits their medical facilities as a human shield to launch terrorist operations against Israel, while Israel uses theirs to provide cutting-edge medical care to people whose government’s avowed goal is to destroy the Jewish state.   Hamas‘ actions are a war crime. Israel’s are one of the great, unsung humanitarian missions on the planet.
What's happening at the border right now is a direct and proximate consequence of President Obama's amnesty. #StopObamasAmnesty
Great discussion with Greta Van Susteren on the fight to #StopObamasAmnesty. Don't miss it tonight on Fox News at 6 pm CT!
The Senate has sent a unified message to the world: we will not rest until the Hamas terrorists responsible for the horrific murder of Naftali Fraenkel are found and justice is served. We cannot bring our bright young Israeli-American boy back to his family, but we can take action to ensure every terrorist knows that when they harm an American citizen, they unleash the force of the strongest nation in the world and that we will do everything within our power to punish the perpetrators.     I commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for recognizing that this is a critical moment to stand with Israel in the fight against radical Islamic terrorists who want to destroy the freedom inherent to the American and Israeli way of life. Israel is currently on the front lines of this fight, but as Naftali’s case illustrates, the terrorists do not distinguish between our two nations.  This is our fight too and we need to support Israel in the hunt for the murderers of all three boys.  I hope that the House will pass this legislation this week and send it to the President so that not another day goes by when the United States is not joining the effort to bring the terrorists who attack our citizens to justice.
The Export-Import Bank wasn't a good idea in 1934, and it isn't a good idea in 2014, either.
Just like in 1964, now is a time for choosing. #MakeDCListen
The evidence shows that the amnesty President Obama announced in 2012 is driving record numbers of immigrants to enter our nation illegally.   Because of President Obama’s amnesty, children are being abused and exploited by dangerous drug cartels and transnational gangs. We must put an end to any expansion of this amnesty that puts countless numbers of vulnerable individuals, both immigrants and U.S. citizens alike, at risk.   The only way to stop the border crisis is to stop Obama’s amnesty. It is disappointing the border security legislation unveiled today does not include language to end Obama’s amnesty. Congress cannot hope to solve this problem without addressing the fundamental cause of it.
Israel is currently working to carry out the grinding work to eradicate these terror tunnels that have been built under schools and kindergartens designed to kidnap and murder young children. And I would note it is an enormously difficult task, one that might prove impossible were it not for the success of Iron Dome limiting the effectiveness of those rockets.   And so I would encourage this body to stand together united as one.... and speak in unison that we support the nation of Israel and that we will work with the nation of Israel immediately to replenish their Iron Dome supplies so that they can protect the citizens there and they can do what is necessary to eradicate the Hamas rockets and terror tunnels that are being used to commit war crimes: http://1.usa.gov/1zqRTNN
Hamas is undoubtedly guilty of violating international humanitarian law through its deliberate, repeated, and consistent use of civilians as human shields.   Hamas is engaged in a campaign of death that knows no boundaries or morals. The United States of America, along with the entire international community must expose and denounce Hamas’ barbaric tactics and unequivocally support Israel's right to self-defense.   This is not just an attack on Israel; it is an attack on free societies around the globe.
Huge victory for the #SecondAmendment! If you’re in DC, you can now legally defend yourself inside AND outside the home! 
Read the latest on the fight to #StopObamasAmnesty, #SecureTheBorder, #StandWithIsrael, and more in our newsletter!
The recent extension of negotiations over Iran's nuclear program and further relaxation of economic sanctions is confirmation that the Obama Administration's policy of tempting Tehran to curb its nuclear ambitions through preemptive concessions is indeed a historic mistake.  The Iranians still have not taken any serious steps to rein in their nuclear program. The 19,000 centrifuges are still spinning. Not one pound of enriched uranium has left Iran. Research and development of ICBMs continues unchecked.  And, Iran continues to operate the world's most extensive and sophisticated state-sponsored terrorist network.  It is well past time to reverse this potentially disastrous course. A nuclear-armed Iran poses an intolerable existential threat to the United States and our allies; we cannot let this misguided diplomatic process drift on endlessly while they plot our destruction. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in urging President Obama to reverse course before it is too late.
Pleasure to join Sen. Jeff Sessions on the Senate floor yesterday to explain why it is critical that we #StopObamasAmnesty!
IT professional: “Whether it’s incompetence or deliberate obstruction, the IRS has no excuses for having handled this so poorly.” #SpecialProsecutorNow
We still need to know why the FAA took the unprecedented step of shutting down flights to Israel.
The current situation in the Rio Grande Valley is a humanitarian crisis of this Administration’s making. President Obama set the stage for this crisis by refusing to live up to his most basic responsibility to secure our border, imposing huge human and financial costs on border communities and on immigrants who come here illegally.  He has also sent a message to the world that the United States is not serious about enforcing its immigration laws by lawlessly granting amnesty through the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program.   To solve this problem, we must put a stop to President Obama’s amnesty and give governors all options possible to mitigate this crisis in light of the federal government’s inaction.
We rejoice today that our sister, Meriam Ibrahim, has been brought out of the darkness of persecution and into the light of liberty where she can worship freely and fully.  Great thanks are due to the government of Italy, which, not taking no for an answer, exerted the strongest diplomatic pressure to resolve Ms. Ibrahim’s case.  Prime Minister Matteo Renzi publicly raised Ms. Ibrahim’s plight in recent weeks, and Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini has taken a personal interest in the case.  Pope Francis has been a tireless advocate for Ms. Ibrahim through prayer, and their combined and sustained efforts have brought Ms. Ibrahim and her family to safety.  Truly the Lord works in mysterious ways. Ms. Ibrahim’s long trial seemed at times hopeless, as a powerless woman was victimized by a brutal government that would torture and kill its own citizens for their faith.  But its beautiful conclusion today when Pope Francis laid his hands on her in blessing reminds us of the boundless power of pure faith to lift up and preserve the weak and oppressed.    It is also a call to action for all Christians around the globe to redouble our efforts to draw attention to the plight of the many Christians still suffering cruel and unjust imprisonment, including Pastor Saeed Abedini in Iran and Kenneth Bae in North Korea.    The vicious persecution of the Christians of Iraq, especially Mosul, also commands our urgent attention. We prayerfully urge our government to engage fully in their cases.
#TBT: Here's how the Obama-Clinton-Kerry Reset is turning out.
Hope you'll tune in tonight!
I will hold all State Department nominees until the Obama Administration answers questions about its unprecedented decision to cancel flights to Israel.
New Politico cartoon hits President Obama for his indifference to the rule of law.
Aiding Hamas while simultaneously isolating Israel does two things.  One, it helps our enemy.  Two, it hurts our ally.  The facts suggest that President Obama has just used a federal regulatory agency to launch an economic boycott on Israel, in order to try to force our ally to comply with his foreign-policy demands.
We should be empowering the free speech of the citizenry, not empowering Congress to prohibit it. #DontRepeal1A 
Yesterday’s ruling highlights the brazen lawlessness of President Obama with Obamacare. #FullRepeal #MakeDCListen
Proud to work alongside Marsha Blackburn on critical legislation to solve the border crisis and #StopObamasAmnesty!
The D.C. Circuit's decision today in Halbig v. Burwell is a repudiation of Obamacare and all the lawlessness that has come with it. The Obama Administration, through the Internal Revenue Service, has attempted to dispense revenues to the states without proper congressional authorization, robbing Congress of its constitutionally-provided power of the purse.   This decision restores power to Congress and to the people and if properly enforced, should shield citizens from Obamacare's insidious penalties, mandates, and subsidies.   This is a significant victory for the American people and the rule of law, but we must not rest. Americans will continue to lose jobs, pay higher premiums, and receive fewer healthcare choices because of this disastrous law. Every last word of Obamacare must be repealed to restore jobs, growth, and opportunity in our country.
Thanks to Senator Jeff Sessions for supporting my legislation to #StopObamasAmnesty!
All of us should join together demanding and working for the freedom of Leopoldo Lopez. #SOSVenezeula
It is the opposite of compassionate to continue this crisis on our border. We must #StopObamasAmnesty to solve the problem.
The only way to solve this crisis on our border is to #StopObamasAmnesty.
Discussed the effort to #StopObamasAmnesty with Fox News Sunday's Chris Wallace. Don't miss it: http://fxn.ws/1iDxtIs
An update on the latest in the fight to #StopObamasAmnesty, to stop the Democrats' #FaithFines against religious organizations, and to #Stand4Life. Read and SHARE:
What kind of “investigation" was DOJ running if they only found out about the “lost” #IRS emails “on the news”? #SpecialProsecutorNow
To stop the crisis at the border, we must #StopObamasAmnesty, and I just filed legislation to do it.
It saddens me that there are not 100 senators standing together protecting the religious liberty rights of everyone: http://1.usa.gov/1oYHWCy
This bill, if it were adopted, would fine the Little Sisters of the Poor millions of dollars unless these Catholic nuns are willing to pay for abortion-producing drugs for others.  Mr. President, drop your faith fines. Mr. Majority leader, drop your faith fines. To all of my Democratic colleagues, drop your faith fines.   Faith fines have no place in our democracy: http://1.usa.gov/1oYHWCy
This is what Senate Democrats are trying to do to the First Amendment:
A very hearty congratulations to the City of McAllen TX Government Fire Department for winning the GMA 5-Alarm Firefighter Challenge!
We must stop the Obama Administration's pattern of lawlessness, of amnesty, of refusing to secure our border that is causing so many children to be subject to such horrific abuse.
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry foreign policy is wreaking catastrophic consequences across the globe: http://1.usa.gov/1wsxm7W
S. 1696 is extreme legislation designed to eliminate reasonable restrictions on abortion that states across this country have put in place.   It is legislation designed to force a radical view from Democrats in the Senate, that abortion should be universally available, common, without limit and paid for by the tax payer. That is an extreme and radical view.   It is a view shared by a tiny percentage of Americans, although a very high percentage of activists in the Democratic Party, who fund and provide manpower politically. It is also a very real manifestation of a war on women, given the enormous health consequences that unlimited abortion has had damaging the health and sometimes even the lives of women.
#SpecialProsecutorNow
Today is #MalalaDay. Take a moment to reflect on her story. At the age of fifteen, Malala Yousafzai refused to accept the Taliban’s dictate that her education, her dreams, and her fate rested in their hands. The Taliban shot her, and she suffered nearly fatal injuries.   Now her voice echoes around the world as she speaks out on behalf of more girls, including the hundreds of Nigerian school girls abducted by Boko Haram terrorists. We join in solidarity with all women facing unjust violent oppression. Thank you Malala for your courage.
Eric Holder still doesn't think a special prosecutor is necessary to investigate the #IRS.  I disagree. SHARE if you do too!
Congratulations and good luck to the McAllen Fire Department! They will be competing as one of three finalists in Good Morning America's 5-Alarm Firefighters Challenge this Monday morning.  If they win, the $10,000 prize will benefit the Texas Line of Duty Death Task Force which provides assistance to those who have been injured in the line of duty and to the families of those who have died in the line of duty.
Terrific to visit Fredericksburg today -- a town that exemplifies the independent and entrepreneurial spirit that has brought industry and opportunity to this nation since its inception.
Always great to visit a true Texas treasure — the Spoetzl Brewery. Creating jobs and Shiner Bock for Texas!
Pleasure speaking with Victoria area business leaders about promoting policies that encourage more jobs, growth, and opportunity for all Americans!
#DontRepeal1A because Congress shouldn’t have the power to ban political satire like this from SNL:
40 years ago Congress passed a law to make it easier to spend. We need a law that makes it harder, like Rep. Tom Price suggests.
Remember when President Obama repeatedly promised to reduce health care premiums?   More hikes are coming. #FullRepealNow
The forecast for illegal border crossings into the US has been pushed even higher. We can only reverse this trend if President Obama stops supporting amnesty.
Even Democrats are criticizing President Obama for running away from the humanitarian disaster that his policies have created. #SecureTheBorder
Senate Democrats just voted against the text of the First Amendment.  Again.  #DontRepeal1A
President Obama doesn't need additional funding from Congress to secure the border, enforce our laws, and stop granting amnesty.
Putting politics over duty: how President Obama's campaign tactics stoked the border crisis. #SecureTheBorder
Mr. President, if you're really interested in solving the border crisis, then stop holding border security hostage for amnesty!
Hope you'll tune in to The Kelly File at 8 pm CT tonight on Fox News!
This is a humanitarian crisis of the President's own making. Stop holding border security hostage for amnesty!
President Obama is in Texas collecting money for Democrats rather than confronting the humanitarian crisis on the border created by his policies. 
A sad state of affairs when a President has time to attend fundraisers in Texas, but not to address his Administration's humanitarian crisis on the border.
Very cool! The McAllen Fire Department is a semi-finalist in GMA's 5-Alarm Firefighters Challenge. If they win, they'll donate the winnings to the Texas LODD Task Force.   Check out and share their entry:
If President Obama wants to have a real border meeting with Governor Perry, here are a couple suggested detours.
The President is right that we have a humanitarian crisis on our border, but it is a crisis of his own creation. This is a direct consequence of President Obama’s lawlessness.
We should defend the Bill of Rights -- not attempt to repeal the First Amendment's free speech protections.
Thank God for the blessing of being an American. Happy Independence Day!
Just as those brave men did 238 years ago, let us affirm our commitment to a government defined by consent of the people—a transformative concept that launched America into becoming the greatest force for freedom the world has ever seen.  On this Fourth of July raise up your American flags high and wave them proudly. The spirit of our star-spangled banner makes us who we are. That spirit keeps us strong, safe, and free.
The "Affordable" Care Act strikes again: "New York Healthcare Premiums Are About To Explode" #FullRepeal
Another federal judge says the #IRS has explaining to do about those “lost” emails. #SpecialProsecutorNow
Under the Fourteenth Amendment, our Constitution is colorblind – all of us are guaranteed the equal protection of the law. Yet the road to freedom for African Americans in this country has been too long. For years, civil rights leaders fought for their rights, and for justice, but they faced a seemingly insurmountable challenge in the Senate: a bloc of Southern Democrats who refused to support the bill.  Today we remember the long and contentious debate that lasted sixty days, before Senate Democratic Whip Hubert Humphrey (MN) and Republican Minority Leader Everett M. Dirksen (IL) were together able to compile the votes needed to end the filibuster, pass the bill, and make it law. We remember the words of Senator Dirksen when he rose that day when the filibuster ended, urging his colleagues to drop their opposition to the bill. He recalled, ‘It is said that on the night he died, Victor Hugo wrote in his diary, substantially this sentiment: Stronger than all the armies is an idea whose time has come. The time has come for equality of opportunity in sharing of government, in education, and in employment. It must not be stayed or denied.’  Nonetheless, 23 Democrats and 6 Republicans fiercely opposed ending the filibuster and taking up the landmark bill.  And yet, the remainder of the Senate – Republicans and Democrats joining together – invoked cloture and passed the bill, to ensure that all people, regardless of race, gender, or religion were treated with equality and dignity under the law. Republicans and Democrats gathered at the White House on July 2 to watch President Johnson, a Southerner from Texas, sign the bill into law, finally making good on the words of President John F. Kennedy who a year earlier called on every American to “examine his conscience” and support the bill.  Our work is not over. Racial discrimination and bigotry persists, and we must be united working to defeat it. Moreover, when Dr. Martin Luther King gathered millions on the National Mall in the summer of 1963, those men and women were marching for not only their rights, but also for opportunity.  We can still do better by fighting to give everyone in our country the opportunities they deserve.  We must do better. And, if Republicans and Democrats can come together as they did in 1964 once again, we will.
Troubling new report: HHS unable to verify citizenship of nearly 1.3M Obamacare enrollees. #FullRepeal
When President Obama’s own Supreme Court nominees join their colleagues in unanimously rejecting his Administration’s call for broader federal power twenty times since Obama took office, the inescapable conclusion is that the Obama Administration’s view of federal power knows virtually no bounds.
Freedom Waffles for lunch anyone? #USA #1N1T #IBelieve
The #HobbyLobby victory is great news, but Obamacare's assault on religious liberty continues. Need #FullRepeal now!
The brutal murder Hamas carried out of three innocent Jewish teenagers is a terrorist-led atrocity that demands justice. While we lift Gilad Shaer, Naftali Frankel, and Eyal Yifrach and their loving families up in prayer, we must also act. Hamas is, unequivocally, a terrorist organization with blood on its hands that must be condemned on the world stage.   There should be no path forward for Hamas to have any role in any future government formed by the Palestinian Authority, and no nation should accommodate, legitimize, or negotiate with this group that engages in the killing of innocent civilians. The Palestinian Authority should immediately renounce Hamas and actively work to expel Hamas from civil society. The United States should stand unequivocally with the Nation of Israel as it responds to this brutal terrorism and acts forcefully to protect its people.
ALL of Obamacare's mandates are wrong for America. Repeal it all! #FullRepeal #SCOTUS #HobbyLobby
Today the Supreme Court handed our nation a landmark victory for religious liberty.   The decision affirms that Americans, contrary to what the Obama Administration attempted to impose, have a right to live and work in accordance to their conscience and can’t be forced to surrender their religious freedom once they open a business.  This ruling is a repudiation of the Obama Administration’s untenable position that people with sincerely held religious beliefs should be forced to comply with an unconstitutional mandate while a parade of waivers, exemptions, and delays are granted for purely commercial and political interests.  In making this ruling the Court relied on the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was passed with broad bipartisan support, proving the strength and necessity of the legislation and showing the nation the effectiveness members of Congress can have when they work together to protect religious liberty.  Certainly, the struggle for religious freedom will continue, as cases made by hundreds more plaintiffs will wend their way through the courts. The right to religious liberty, as enshrined in the First Amendment, remains under an incredible assault by this Administration on a variety of fronts. But, with this decision, I am hopeful that the courts will also work to safeguard the religious liberty for non-profits, such as the Little Sisters of the Poor and others, just as the Supreme Court did today for private businesses.
SHARE if you stand with Hobby Lobby and for religious liberty too! #SCOTUS
Democrats want to repeal the First Amendment and regulate your political speech.   We should defend the First Amendment, not repeal it. #DontRepeal1A
The Right to property is one of the most basic rights of Americans, and it has empowered pioneers to create opportunity and fuel commerce since the founding of our nation.   Unfortunately, despite our previously expressed concerns, the BLM made clear that it could continue to seek control of privately-owned lands along the Red River.   It is imperative that we protect landowners from federal overreach, so today I am proud to join Senator John Cornyn and Congressman Mac Thornberry in introducing legislation that will prevent the federal government from unlawfully encroaching upon private property rights.
Attorney General Eric Holder has the opportunity to do the right thing. He could appoint a special prosecutor with meaningful independence who is not a major Obama donor.  If he doesn't, he should be impeached.
Eric Holder should be impeached if he doesn’t appoint a special prosecutor with meaningful independence to investigate the #IRS scandal!
Hamas, give those kidnapped boys back now. The full weight of the world should bear down on Hamas to give them back safely and immediately.   If they do not, we should use all of the available means to stand unequivocally with Israel for however long it takes to find these boys and to bring them home.   These are teenagers who were targeted for who they are, who have done no wrong, who have done nothing that comes near to deserving what has happened to them that day while waiting at the bus stop to go home from school.
If Eric Holder won't appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the #IRS scandal, he should be impeached!
Today, the Supreme Court invalidated President Obama’s unlawful abuse of the President’s recess appointments power. President Obama ignored the plain text of the Constitution and attempted to make unilateral recess appointments—circumventing the checks and balances of confirmation—when the Senate was not, in fact, in recess. Today, a unanimous Court rightly rejected that presidential abuse of power.    This marks the twelfth time since January 2012 that the Supreme Court has unanimously rejected the Obama Administration’s calls for greater federal executive power.
Wishing #TeamUSA the best from the nation's capital! #USA #USAvsGermany
We have a humanitarian crisis on our border. We must enforce the rule of law and finally #SecureTheBorder!
Federal red tape(worm) eats away at economy as regulations hit new record under Obama.
Now we find out the #IRS targeted the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee. Targeting on the highest levels.   We need a #SpecialProsecutorNOW!
We must stop the lawlessness.  I applaud Speaker Boehner for pursuing legal action to force the Obama Administration to respect the rule of law.
I applaud the Supreme Court’s unanimous decision to protect the rights of all Americans to be free from warrantless searches of their cell phones.  This is the eleventh time since January 2012 that the Supreme Court has unanimously rejected the Obama Administration’s arguments for greater governmental power. The Court rightly held that the Fourth Amendment generally requires the government to obtain a warrant based on a particularized suspicion of a specific crime before searching the contents of someone’s cell phone. Cell phones contain sensitive personal information, and the government should not have the power to look at the e-mails, text messages, photos, and videos of people who have been arrested but not tried or convicted of a crime.   The Framers knew all too well the dangers of giving the government a blank check to invade our personal lives when they adopted the Fourth Amendment. Unchecked government power poses real risks to our liberty, as the latest revelations about the IRS have unfortunately demonstrated.
Sudan, two days ago responded to the international pressure and released her. Now that they have apparently had a change of heart and forcibly captured her, we need to speak even louder.   We need to speak out for Meriam Ibrahim because it is wrong for everyone, especially this young wife and mother, to be subject to torture and murder for being a Christian. That is unequivocally wrong, and we need to speak in one voice on that.
Q1 GDP fell 2.9%, Obama Admin blames the winter. But the 1985 winter was also historically cold — and Q1 GDP grew 4%. #ReaganvObama
Now is the time to see bipartisan unanimity of Congress and the President of the United States to tell the Sudanese government to free Meriam Ibrahim and her family. #SaveMeriam
US archivist: IRS didn't follow law on emails #AbolishTheIRS
Why did the Obama Administration put Meriam Ibrahim in a position where the Sudanese government could forcibly take her into custody again? #SaveMeriam
The President of the United States should be standing up on the world stage and saying, "free Meriam Ibrahim right now!" #SaveMeriam
Troubling reports that Meriam Ibrahim and her family have been detained in Sudan. Hope President Obama & Secretary Kerry will immediately join calls for their release.
#AbolishTheIRS
Greatly encouraged by reports that Meraim Ibrahim and her babies will be freed. Keep praying for their safe arrival in the United States and continue to speak out for religious liberty across the globe.
We are witnessing a humanitarian crisis unfolding that is the direct consequence of President Obama’s lawlessness. We just toured this Air Force facility, where up to 1,200 children are being cared for… but they have come through harrowing circumstances.  When the President of the United States prevents the Border Patrol from following the law, and enforcing our immigration laws, when the President of the United States announces to the world amnesty for those who have broken the law, the consequence is people respond to that, and the way they respond to that is handing over their children to drug dealers and vicious cartels.  This is heartbreaking, but we need to act to stop it by number one finally securing the border and number two, by not offering amnesty which only incentivizes more and more people to violate the law and in this instance endanger the safety and lives of their kids.
The latest reminder we need a special prosecutor with real independence to investigate the #IRS scandal -- NOW! 
This is inexcusable. The men and women who sacrificed for our nation — our heroes — deserve so much better.
“My body is in prison, but my soul is free.”
Texas leads the nation in job creation for the month of May. #MakeDCListen
DHS Sec. Johnson: If the federal government won’t secure the border, let Texas do it.
#DontRepeal1A, #SaveMeriam, #SaveSaeed, the humanitarian crisis caused by the Obama Administration’s refusal to #SecureTheBorder, and more in our latest newsletter.   Please read and SHARE!
Americans need to know how the Obama Administration thinks it has made our nation safer by negotiating with terrorists to release these five dangerous terrorist leaders.   Until President Obama can make his case and convince the American public that this swap was in our national interest, prudence dictates that all further transfers and releases from Guantanamo Bay should be off the table.
At no time in our nation’s history have we seen threats to religious liberty, and every one of the Bill of Rights, more dire than they are right now.  We have an IRS who is asking citizens’ groups: Tell me what books you are reading. Tell me the content of your prayers. Let me tell you something: The federal government has no business asking any American that.
Without a doubt, the growing humanitarian crisis at our border is a direct consequence of the Obama Administration’s refusal to secure the border.
On Iraq and Iran, bad choices leave us with bad options.
An American hero: Kyle Carpenter threw himself upon a grenade to save his fellow Marines. We can never thank you enough for your service.
Watch as Senate Democrats refuse to say if Congress should have the power to ban books, movies, or groups such as the NAACP, the Sierra Club, or the NRA from engaging in political speech.  
The IRS can't even keep track of its own employees' emails, but will propose new rules to limit YOUR free speech. #AbolishTheIRS
Today I enjoyed meeting with a group of charter school leaders to discuss the difference they're making in the lives of children across the country. School choice is the civil rights issue of our time, and charter schools help low-income and disadvantaged children to get the education they need to succeed.
ICYMI: Earlier this afternoon, Senate Democrats voted against the text of the First Amendment: http://1.usa.gov/1pJnGat #DontRepeal1A
I have more faith in the Bill of Rights than I do any elected official.   SHARE if you do too! #DontRepeal1A
The Obama Administration must act NOW to secure Meriam Ibrahim's release from Sudan where she's been sentenced to death simply for being a Christian.
The most consistent error of the Clinton/Obama foreign policy is the failure to understand the nature of our enemies.  It is striking that neither President Obama nor Hillary Clinton in this discussion tonight are willing to utter the words ‘radical Islamic terrorists.’ They do not understand the radical religious extremism of individuals committed to Jihad who had pledged to murder Americans, and it leads them to keep making mistakes over and over again, whether it is releasing five senior Taliban terrorists without understanding that these individuals will likely return to active warfare against the United States, whether it is in the case of Iraq, not understanding the threat posed by ISIS.   I'll tell you a great question we ought to be asking right now is whether the Obama administration has armed ISIS, these radical Islamic terrorists, whether they've armed them in Syria. We know they've armed some of the rebels. We haven't had an answer about which ones they're arming and which ones they're not.   You cannot win a battle against radical Islamic terrorism if you're unwilling to utter the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism.’
The apprehension of Ahmed Abu Khatallah, who participated in the vicious terrorist attack against our people and facilities in Benghazi on September 11, 2012, is a tribute to the valor and skill of our armed forces and the FBI who participated in this mission. I hope his capture will bring some peace to the families of the four brave Americans we lost that night: Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, Glen Doherty and Ambassador Christopher Stevens.  Khatallah has been openly defying the United States for more than twenty months. Now that he is in custody, the proper authorities should be given ample time to assess what intelligence he may have about ongoing terrorist operations against Americans. Khatallah is a foreign terrorist, captured by our special forces overseas for his violent attack on a U.S. facility. He belongs in Guantanamo and in the military justice system, not in the U.S. civilian court system with the constitutional protections afforded U.S. citizens. Our top priority should be preventing future attacks and bringing to justice the other terrorists who participated in the murder of four Americans in Benghazi.
The IRS “lost” emails from 6 OTHER employees involved in the targeting of conservative groups besides Lois Lerner.   Appoint a special prosecutor NOW!
We need a special prosecutor NOW to get to the bottom of the #IRS scandal.  SHARE if you agree!
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the three Jewish teenagers, two Israelis and one American, who have been kidnapped by radical Islamic terrorists. This atrocity against both our nations reminds us that we face a mutual enemy who attacks us because of our shared commitment to the basic principles of freedom.  This act of terrorism should also alert the Obama Administration to the fact that working with, recognizing, and/or funding any "unity" government that includes those that seek the destruction of the Jewish State is naive and foolish. Such legitimization of the enemies of Israel and the United States only invites more violence.  As Prime Minister Netanyahu pointed out, "You remember that Israel warned the international community about the dangers of endorsing the Fatah-Hamas unity pact. The dangers of that pact now should be abundantly clear to all."  President Obama should immediately direct the Department of State to suspend assistance to the Palestinian Authority until the PA recognizes Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state and takes specific and affirmative steps to renounce and eradicate terrorism. This most recent vicious attack on innocent young civilians demonstrates beyond any doubt that the PA is not fulfilling these conditions, and not one more U.S. taxpayer dollar should be sent to support them until they do.
I praise #SCOTUS for its unanimous decision, which ruled that the Susan B. Anthony List had standing to pursue its free speech claims.  We must always be vigilant of free speech in political campaigns, as it is the backbone of our democracy. 
Fishing in the Gulf yesterday morning with my Dad, Heidi, and the girls...and then the Spurs win the #NBAFinals 104-87 last night. FANTASTIC!
For my entire life, my dad has been my hero.   Father, you are a man of faith and conviction. You came to America with nothing, and you've given me everything. Thank you. Because of you -- because of your struggle to escape tyranny in Cuba, I've been blessed to understand the preciousness of freedom.  On this Father's Day, I want to thank not only my father, but every father for your dedication to your family and your children.
This Flag Day, not only do we celebrate the symbol of our nation, but also the 239th birthday of the United States Army. Because of the men and women who serve, our flag continues to serve as a bright beacon of liberty across the globe.
Two years of Lois Lerner's emails were lost? This is beyond unacceptable. We need a special prosecutor NOW to get to the bottom of the #IRS scandal.
Wonder what the IRS would say if we told them we couldn’t submit tax documents because of a computer crash...
Meriam Ibrahim, a young wife and mother, is facing horrific persecution simply for being a Christian. Her husband is an American from New Hampshire, and her 20-month-old son Martin and newborn daughter Maya--both American citizens--are with their mother in a wretched Sudanese prison. Just days ago, Meriam gave birth to baby Maya, while in leg irons. Because of her faith, the government of Sudan has sentenced her to 100 lashes and then to hang by the neck until dead.  This is wrong, it is grotesque, and it must be stopped. Every member of Congress should come together to support this bill and implore President Obama to act now, to defend religious liberty, and to save Meriam and bring her and her babies home to America.
A humanitarian crisis on the border, a need for American leadership in the world, demanding answers on the release of terrorists and more in our latest newsletter.   Read and SHARE:
This is an instance where the President can make a real difference. He should stand up and lead and tell the government of Sudan, "Release Meriam Ibrahim now!"
This is a humanitarian crisis, and it is a direct result of President Obama's lawlessness and unwillingness to enforce the law.
#ThrowbackThursday: That time I agreed with President Obama…
The President of the United States should stand up and tell the government of Sudan to release Meriam Ibrahim now!
Wishing a very happy 90th birthday to President George H.W. Bush! #HappyBirthday41 #WatchOutForTheGators
Spoke with Megyn Kelly about getting answers on the release of the Taliban 5. Catch it on the Kelly File tonight!
An honor to address the Triumph of Liberty luncheon sponsored by the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation.
The crisis of unaccompanied minors on the border is a direct consequence of policies of the Obama Administration.
There is no ambiguity regarding the danger posed by the Taliban 5. Each one of the former prisoners was designated “high risk” by the Guantanamo Review Task Force convened on the orders of President Obama. Two of the five are wanted by the United Nations for war crimes against Afghan civilians.  President Obama must explain how releasing them makes us safer.
Not one more drop of American blood should be shed over terrorists that U.S. troops have already sacrificed life and limb to capture.  Our president should need no reminder that thousands of innocents perished at the hands of terrorists on 9/11. The Taliban 5 he has released played a direct part in those murders. It’s now upon him to explain how their release makes America safer.
Spoke with Bill O'Reilly about my bill to temporarily freeze GTMO releases. Catch it on the O'Reilly Factor tonight on Fox News!
There is overwhelming bipartisan support for securing our border, but sadly, President Obama and Sen. Reid are more interested in partisan politics than solving a humanitarian crisis.
Americans need to know how the Obama Administration thinks it has made our nation safer by negotiating with terrorists to release these five dangerous terrorist leaders.  Until President Obama can make his case and convince the American public that this swap was in our national interest, prudence dictates that all further transfers and releases from Guantanamo Bay should be off the table: http://1.usa.gov/1uNk8nx
More reasons for #FullRepeal: Obamacare crowding the ER, reducing doctors, increasing wait times, and more. Read the latest:
Congratulations to new Ukrainian President Poroshenko. Despite hard work ahead, America stands with you in the fight for liberty. 
North Korea continues its assault on religious liberty — arresting an American for leaving a bible in his hotel room.
It was 6:30 am. The cold waves were crashing. The wind was blowing on the beaches below 100 foot sheer white cliffs -- a spot called Pointe du Hoc between two beaches code-named Utah and Omaha. Two-hundred young men under the command of Lt. Col. James Earl Rudder, a Texan, landed on that beach.   Many of them were young. Many of them were scared. Their mission was to take out the Nazi howitzers atop that cliff. They were to climb the 100 foot cliffs with grappling hooks and daggers stuck into the rocks. A feat the Nazis were sure was impossible. Those young men marched forward into machine gun fire, into danger just like 57 years later in New York City the first responders on 9/11 marched forward into danger.   It was 70 years ago today that those men scaled that cliff. It was 70 years ago today that they took out those Nazi guns and went on to win the war and liberate the world. Today, we remember the bravery and sacrifice of those who stormed the beaches on D-Day to defend liberty at home and across the world.
I intend to file legislation to halt any releases from Guantanamo until we get to the bottom of what happened with Bergdahl and provide some real Congressional oversight here because it is really needed.
Today, on the 10th anniversary of President Reagan’s passing we should take a moment to reflect on the confidence and optimism he brought when confronting the world’s most difficult challenges. During our nation’s darkest moments, when Communism was on the march, the economy was flailing, and liberal policies mired America in malaise, Reagan reminded us that if we would let the light of freedom shine it would be "Morning in America" once again.  President Reagan spoke to the world with clarity and power. No one misunderstood Reagan when he declared his strategy for the Cold War was "We win, they lose." His message to Soviet Leader Mikhail Gorbachev at the Brandenburg Gate was unmistakable: "Tear down this wall."  America needs leaders who will speak boldly and clearly at home and on the world stage once again.  As we look to the future, let us together renew the promise he made to America in1980 bid when he pledged to restore "the great, confident roar of American progress and growth and optimism."
On June 4, 1989 tens of thousands of Chinese soldiers stormed into Tiananmen Square in Beijing to confront the protestors who had assembled there to demand freedom from the tyranny of Communism.  Neither side would back down until the military resorted to tanks and indiscriminate machine-gun fire that devastated the opposition.  In the People’s Republic of China, however, the very mention of June 4th remains a rallying cry for those brave souls who still believe the Chinese people deserve basic personal liberties.  ‘June 4th’ is so powerful, in fact, that it is the single most targeted phrase by the PRC censors who are waging a relentless war against internet freedom in China.  But ‘June 4th’ keeps cropping up.  Even twenty-five years later the memory of a brave man standing alone in front of a line of tanks is a powerful testament to the power of a single voice crying out for freedom.  These voices still exist in China despite the best efforts of the authorities to silence them.  I was proud today to work with Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) and 13 other Senate colleagues to send a letter to Washington, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray supporting an effort by our House of Representatives colleagues to get the portion of International Place in front of the PRC embassy renamed ‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza.’  This designation would honor the poet, human rights activist, and 2010 Nobel Laureate who participated in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and is today serving an eleven-year prison sentence for his opposition to the PRC authorities.  At the very least, this modest gesture would express to Dr. Liu and all those peacefully protesting for freedom in China that the people of the United States stand with them.
Like those voter guides? If Senate Democrats' plan to repeal the First Amendment succeeds, they'll be able to ban them! #DontRepeal1A
Congress banning political commercials it doesn't like? It could happen if Senate Democrats get their way! #DontRepeal1A
Don't let Democrats repeal the First Amendment and have the power to ban books! #DontRepeal1A
Wishing a very happy birthday to my friend and ally in the Rebel Alliance, United States Senator Mike Lee!
It should trouble everyone that Senate Democrats are trying to give Congress the power to muzzle citizens. #DontRepeal1A
The so-called “unity” government of the Palestinian authority is a serious impediment to peace.
I wish there were Democrat Senators willing to defend the First Amendment rather than working to repeal it. #DontRepeal1A 
We should be defending the Bill of Rights, not debating amending and repealing the free speech protections of the Bill of Rights. #DontRepeal1A http://1.usa.gov/1h4MRBi
The Senators who put their names to this should be embarrassed that they have signed up for repealing the free speech protections of the First Amendment. #DontRepeal1A
35 years ago, Eastern Europe was bound by the grip of communism. Upon returning to his native Poland on June 2, 1979, the newly elected Pope John Paul II knelt and kissed the ground. Church bells began to fill the air, and soon over a million people lined the streets. In an address before the tomb of the Unknown Soldier, Pope John Paul II, reflected: "On how many battlefields has that solider given witness to the rights of man, indelibly inscribed in the inviolable rights of the people, by falling for 'our freedom and yours'"!  And he asked for the Lord’s blessing upon the land:  “Let your Spirit descend. And renew the face of the earth,  the face of this land.”  Let us ask for that same renewal for our oppressed brothers and sisters today, and let us remember the undying faith of the recently canonized Saint John Paul II.
The new EPA rules announced by the Obama Administration will cripple the coal industry and deprive Americans from jobs, whether they are employed by coal mines or related power plants, or employed in energy dependent business such as manufacturing or technology businesses.  These rules will not only drive up electric bills, but also threaten the reliability of the nation's electric grid and make it harder for American manufactures to compete in the world market.    Once again, President Obama is more concerned with the desires of billionaire campaign contributors and placating extremist special interests than helping American workers and families escape the failed Obama economy.   The legislation I introduced earlier this year, the American Energy Renaissance Act would specifically halt these job-killing regulations and encourage the creation of good-paying energy jobs.
Today’s #SCOTUS ruling in Bond v. United States is an important victory for federalism.  For the tenth time since January 2012, the Court unanimously rejected the Obama Administration’s argument for increased federal power.  The Court held that the statute implementing the Chemical Weapons Convention treaty cannot be interpreted to cover local criminal conduct, a power which our Constitution reserves to the States.  As the Framers wisely understood when they ratified the Tenth Amendment, the division of power between the States and the federal government is essential to the preservation of liberty.    I applaud the Court for unanimously enforcing this limit on federal power.
Hope you'll take a moment to read and SHARE my op-ed on the Senate Democrats' promise to vote this year on a constitutional amendment to expressly repeal the free-speech protections of the First Amendment.  The First Amendment has served America well for 223 years. When Democrats tried something similar in 1997, Sen. Ted Kennedy was right to say: "In the entire history of the Constitution, we have never amended the Bill of Rights, and now is no time to start."
Secretary Clinton is more focused on blaming the so-called vast right-wing conspiracy than terrorists. The truth shouldn't be partisan.   There's a pattern in this Administration: the pattern is, when a crisis, a scandal emerges, to express outrage... after expressing outrage, they stonewall for months or years, and then they say it's old news. We need to get to the truth on #Benghazi!  See more from my sit-down with George Stephanopoulos on ABC's This Week:
Congratulations to National Spelling Bee co-champion and fellow Texan, Ansun Soje!
VA Secretary Shinseki has resigned, but that won’t fix the VA’s systemwide problems. Our heroes deserve better than being trapped in a failing government healthcare system.
A moving time in Poland visiting memorials and hearing from leaders of a critical regional ally.
Appreciate Secure America Now making this fact-finding mission to hear from Ukrainian leaders possible.
Spoke with the press about the latest on my trip to Israel, Ukraine, Poland, and Estonia and discussed US relations abroad. The complete Q&A session is here.  Hope you'll listen and share!
The biggest threat to the security of Israel and the United States is the prospect of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons capability.
It is past time for Sudan to release Meriam Ibrahim and her young, U.S.-citizen children.
A great privilege to travel with Secure America Now to meet with with Israel's Defense Minister, Speaker of the Parliament, Minister of Industry and Trade, Minister of Strategic Affairs and Intelligence, and the Prime Minister's Foreign Policy Advisor to receive a briefing on the current state of the Middle East and the growing threat of a nuclear armed Iran.
Honored to have the opportunity to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu while visiting Jerusalem.
Texans: It's Election Day in the Primary Runoff Election! Make your voice heard before 7 pm -- find your polling place here: http://bit.ly/1eJHrUf  If you've already voted, please SHARE to remind your friends!
May we never forget the lives of each solider; it is their blood that has kept us free. And it is their sacrifice that calls each of us to cherish the gift of liberty.  Please join me in pausing today to remember those who have fallen.
A grim reminder that the menace of anti-Semitism was not eliminated after WWII.
This Memorial Day weekend, in cities and towns all over America, small red paper flowers will be worn and carried by Americans honoring our veterans.  We are so grateful that our nation has warriors who defend and protect us from harm.  Please join me in pausing to remember those who have fallen.
We should have headlines like these across the United States. Let's take the American Energy Renaissance nationwide!
Texans: Today is your last day to vote early in the Primary Runoff Election -- make your voice heard and SHARE to remind your friends!
What an honor for UTSA's SOSA - Spirit of San Antonio (UTSA Marching Band) who will represent the United States and perform at the 70th anniversary World War II D-Day Memorial Parade and Musical Salute to the Veterans in Normandy!
This designation is long overdue for the victims of the Fort Hood shooting and their families who deserve our prayers and support in dealing with this horrific act of terrorism.  I applaud Sen. John Cornyn for his leadership and vigorous inquiries to the FBI about whether this was, indeed, an act of terrorism. Getting the Director of the FBI on record confirming the Fort Hood attack was inspired by Al Qaeda and was not an act of "workplace violence," was critical in giving the victims and families the benefits they need.
Scrapping this speech chilling rule is good news, but the IRS says it will issue a new version -- we must remain vigilant. We need to #AbolishTheIRS!
Rich Lowry: The VA’s Socialist Paradise, state exchanges failing, Obamacare denying care, and more reasons for #FullRepeal!  Read and SHARE!
Looks like United States Senator Mike Lee and I are getting lots of new constituents! Texas and Utah lead the way in the nation’s fastest growing cities.
When the President of the United States stands up and says the American people have a right to be angry, we have a reason to expect that an investigation will be thorough and there will be some accountability.  We need accountability for the #IRS scandal!
The New York Times to President Obama on the VA: A little less talk and a lot more action.
Anyone who cares about property rights should be dismayed by David Barron's nomination and should vote against it if you don't want to see overly aggressive jurisprudence that allows the government to take your private property.  Anyone concerned about free speech should be concerned about this nomination...   Anyone that cares about local control and federalism and the ability of local school boards and legislatures to make policy decisions should be concerned...   Anyone concerned about liberty and the rule of law should be deeply concerned about a judicial nominee who embraces courts as a tool of power and the President disregarding the law.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this nomination: http://1.usa.gov/1jtpNv8
I have some questions for FBI Director James Comey about the Obama Administration’s failure to fully investigate the #IRS targeting scandal: http://1.usa.gov/1vGS9Hx  Watch and SHARE if you want answers!
Mr. President: "That's a lot of appointments" is no excuse for failing to serve our nation's heroes.
Striking a deal with a regime that locks up citizens for making a "Happy" video makes no sense. #Iran #FreeHappyIranians
Congratulations to India's "new hope and aspiration" Narendra Modi — Texas and the United States look forward to a long and prosperous friendship.
Pastor Saeed Abedini has been beaten and returned to Rajah Shar prison. This intolerant brutalizing of an American citizen is intolerable. #SaveSaeed
Standing with your close ally against an avowed enemy should not be a hard choice.
Oil investment and development is “driving everything in the Texas economy to outperform just about every place else in the country.”   Let’s bring this American Energy Renaissance nationwide!
The questions United States Senator Mike Lee and I have for HHS Secretary nominee Burwell deal with issues she should have been prepared to answer at her hearings but did not.   We need answers before the Senate moves forward with her nomination.
While the nation struggles with a stagnant economy, areas like Midland, Texas that embrace the American Energy Renaissance believe an unemployment rate below 2% is possible.
Fantastic advice from Admiral McRaven to all the new graduates: "If you want to change the world, start off by making your bed."   Give it a read:
ICYMI: If you're visiting DC, the Washington Monument is once again open for tours. How to get tickets: http://1.usa.gov/1k1ROK5
The Supreme Court ruled in Brown v. Board of Education that all children, regardless of race, deserve an equal opportunity to learn—an obligation that remains to be fulfilled 60 years later.  We must finally make good on the promise of Brown v. Board of Education. We need school choice, and we need it now. Nothing less than the future of our children is at stake.
This Armed Forces Day, and every day, we as a country are so grateful for the service of the men and women who wear the uniform. They are the reason that we are free today.  May God bless our Armed Forces, may God bless you, and may God continue to bless the United States of America.
A true honor to join the University of Texas Joint ROTC Commissioning Ceremony this afternoon! Congrats, best of luck, Hook 'em, and thank you for your service!
Great to be on campus at UT today. Congrats to all of the new Texas Exes this weekend!
United States Senator Mike Lee and I would like some answers from HHS Secretary nominee Burwell before the Senate moves forward on her nomination.
Congratulating our new graduates, the latest on the #IRS scandal, getting the truth on #Benghazi, and more in our latest newsletter.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
Wow! How about a little good news this morning?   Looks like a promising step forward in the fight against cancer.
We need answers on #Benghazi!
Freedom rocks!
Congress, not unelected bureaucrats, must lead the fight to keep the internet free, innovative, and growing our economy.
The dedication of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum is a powerful reminder of the terrorist attack on our nation almost thirteen years ago. #911Museum
After emails showed that Lois Lerner was communicating directly with the Department of Justice, I sent Attorney General Holder a letter asking him to reconsider his decision to not appoint a special prosecutor in the IRS targeting scandal. And now today more emails have surfaced, this time showing that #IRS targeting of Tea Party groups was coordinated from Washington D.C.—contrary to the Administration’s initial story that this was all done by lower ranking IRS officials in Cincinnati.  So we now know the Department of Justice was involved with the IRS targeting, and the Administration’s initial explanation about the targeting was false. This Administration has lost all credibility to investigate this partisan scandal, especially given that they have entrusted the investigation to be led by a major Democratic donor. A special prosecutor with real independence should be appointed immediately.
If your “best barbecue” list doesn’t have Texas at the top … your list is wrong.
It’s been 20 months. We have four dead Americans and still no dead terrorists. We need answers on #Benghazi!
New #IRS emails obtained by Judicial Watch are highly concerning. Even more reason to have a special prosecutor investigate now!
The FCC's latest adventure in 'net neutrality' would stifle innovation and subject the Internet to nanny-state regulation from Washington.  Internet freedom has produced robust free speech for billions and a wide-open incubator for entrepreneurs to generate jobs and expand opportunity.  A 5-member panel at the FCC should not be dictating how Internet services will be provided to millions of Americans.   I will be introducing legislation that would remove the claimed authority for the FCC to take such actions, specifically the Commission's nebulous Sec. 706 authority. More than $1 trillion has already been invested in broadband infrastructure, which has led to an explosion of new content, applications, and Internet accessibility.   Congress, not an unelected commission, should take the lead on modernizing our telecommunications laws. The FCC should not endanger future investments by stifling growth in the online sector, which remains a much-needed bright spot in our struggling economy.
Liberty will soon have a new address in Austin: 901 Congress.   Congratulations on the groundbreaking of the new Texas Public Policy Foundation Headquarters!
There’s never been a President so brazen in declaring the authority to disregard the law — to pick and choose which laws to follow. #MakeDCListen
Hallowed ground turns 150 years old today as Arlington National Cemetery observes its 150th anniversary.
NYT admits Obamacare kills choice, lurking premium increases, billions of dollars for wasteful procedures and more! We need a #FullRepeal now!
The American people have questions about #Benghazi. The Senate should help get answers!
We need to have real truth and accountability on #Benghazi, but the Democrats and White House have stonewalled and refused to answer questions.
The degree to which this President ignores the law is utterly unprecedented and it is dangerous. #MakeDCListen
It is beyond time to get the full resources of both houses of Congress behind this investigation and get the truth about what happened in #Benghazi.
Sneak peek: Just spoke with Sean Hannity about getting answers to the questions we still have about #Benghazi. Catch the discussion tonight at 9 pm CT on Fox News!
“Texas is the best state for business and I don’t see anything slow it down...It’s an exciting time in Texas.”  Agreed! 
Another day, another slate of reasons for #FullRepeal of Obamacare: Millions of dollars for failed Obamacare exchanges, phony success stories, and Americans headed south of the border for care.
Bipartisan #TXLege #SrirachaDelegation heads to California to tour the Huy Fong Foods factory.   A sign of things to come?
Mom.  The most beautiful word in the English language.  For most of us, the very first words out of our mouths as infants.  "MaMa."    When actors or athletes win awards (like Kevin Durant just this week), their most passionate thank you is always to Mom.  As a child, Mom can cure everything.  There is no safer place than in your mother's arms.    My Mom, Eleanor Darragh, is a woman of incredible strength, independence, and compassion.  She fought her father, a difficult man who didn't believe women should be educated, to become the first person in her family to get a college education.  She stood up to him, and graduated from Rice in 1956 with a degree in math.  She went to work at Shell as a computer programmer in the 1950s, blazing an independent path.  Every day, she has been there for me.  She's been a best friend all my life.  She's peaceful, loving, and never judgmental.  She's a prayer warrior, lifting us up every single day.  And she loves unconditionally.    No image makes me happier than seeing our girls Caroline and Catherine leaping through the air to land in her lap.  Pure joy, for them and her (and me!).  I love you Mom.  And, of course, my radiant wife Heidi, who's Mom to our precious girls.  My Angel.  Heidi is amazing.  She's beautiful, brilliant, passionate, and always unbelievably supportive, no matter how challenging the road we're on.  As I wrote to her in her card this morning, "I need you.  Like Air.  I cannot breathe without you."  Caroline and Catherine adore their Mommy.  Sure, Dad's ok, but he doesn't hold a candle to Mom, who is, bar none, their very best friend.  Today, all of us celebrate the women in our lives who make us who we are.  Today, we celebrate the love that is like oxygen.  Today, all of us say thank you Mom.  We love you.  Ted.
Congratulations to all the new graduates of Stephen F. Austin State University! Dream big, be idealistic, make a difference, and touch the lives of others around you! #AxeEmJacks
ICYMI: Earlier this week I spoke to the Federalist Society about my reports on the Obama Administration's lawlessness. You can watch the discussion below.  The reports are available here: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/lawless/
Even though the IRS hasn’t passed its proposed speech stifling rules yet, it’s still asking groups a laundry list of “questions” if they inform the public about issues. The IRS’s job is to collect taxes, not censor speech. #AbolishTheIRS
Americans are voting with their feet. Welcome to all the new Texans!
It should trouble everyone when the White House is so wantonly ignoring federal law and asking others to do the same:
Wow. Just in time for Mother’s Day, former Longhorn Kevin Durant wins the NBA’s MVP Award and then lets you know who the real MVP is:
Of all the troubling aspects of the Obama presidency, none is more dangerous than the President's persistent pattern of lawlessness:
Happy #VEDay — we can never thank our nation's heroes enough!
Attorney General Eric Holder needs to appoint a truly independent special prosecutor to investigate the #IRS scandal. NOW.
David Barron’s nomination underscores the danger of the so-called "nuclear option" Democrats are using to ram through controversial nominees on strict party-line votes. The Obama Administration has been extremely resistant in providing information about its drone program, which continues with its refusal to disclose the body of David Barron’s government work.     As a top official in the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel, Mr. Barron authored consequential memos that justified the use of drones to kill U.S. citizens that the White House has not made public. Without question, Mr. Barron shaped the government’s policies that are roiling the public today.   It would be a grave mistake to confirm Mr. Barron without meaningful access to the documents he authored. Any Democrat concerned about civil liberties should have profound concerns here.  The Senate’s decision to allow a person such as Mr. Barron to be confirmed by a bare partisan majority without any real attempt to provide proper "advice and consent," is in the long run an even graver mistake.
We need to uncover the truth about #Benghazi!
Happy 34th birthday to a fearless leader of faith, Pastor Saeed Abedini.  We pray this year brings you freedom from prison in Iran. #savesaeed
Free the Net: Strong op-ed from FCC Commissioner Mike O’Rielly on the FCC abusing its Sec. 706 authority to try to regulate the Internet...
The pattern of lawlessness by the Obama Administration should concern every citizen, regardless of party or ideology.
All four of my Legal Limit reports documenting the Obama Administration's lawlessness and other abuses of power are available here:
In light of credible evidence that the Department of Justice may have been involved in #IRS targeting, Attorney General Holder should revisit appointing a special prosecutor:
Conservative media must NOT be silenced with unfair, politically-driven FEC rules.
Too bad our government's pork problem isn't as cute as this fella.
President Obama said he was outraged about the #IRS scandal, but hasn't done anything about it. The Senate must act. #MakeDCListen
Horror in Nigeria: Islamist terrorist group Boko Haram continues to kidnap innocent schoolgirls. Please keep these girls in your prayers.
The Obama Administration needs to answer these questions about #Benghazi:
Outrageous: A teacher banned Bibles during free reading time and then shamed a student reading the Bible.
For 66 years the State of Israel has been an invaluable friend and ally to the United States—and a beacon of freedom in the Middle East. #Israel66
We need to get the truth about #Benghazi and that should be a bipartisan objective!
The Senate should stand with the American people to protect them from being wrongfully singled out by the abuse of power in the #IRS: http://1.usa.gov/1jvIb6r
Finding out what happened at #Benghazi, how we could have prevented it, and acting to apprehend the terrorists responsible should not be partisan.
¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
Today’s #SCOTUS decision is a great victory for religious liberty and a reminder that the Constitution does not remove religion from the public sphere.
The number one issue for Americans: JOBS. So let’s help create them with the American Energy Renaissance Act! #MakeDCListen
#MayThe4thBeWithYou
Wonderful read about the Honor Salute and our midshipmen paying tribute to the Greatest Generation. 
Iran, again, showcases its intolerance by banning WhatsApp due to connection to Jewish American Mark Zuckerberg.
Religious liberty is under assault in our nation like never before, but I’m encouraged by the passion I see in the men and women here at tonight’s discussion and by recent victories like what we saw with Houston Baptist University in the contraception mandate case.
Speaker Boehner's decision to form a select committee of Congress to investigate the terrorist attacks on our people and facilities in Benghazi on September 11, 2012 comes not a moment too soon. The Speaker is correct that recent revelations demonstrate that the Obama administration approached this national security crisis as a purely political matter in the context of a presidential campaign.  Even more egregiously, the administration has spent all its energy over the last nineteen months trying to cover up their failure to protect our people in Benghazi instead of trying to bring the terrorists who attacked them to justice.  Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid should recognize the need to get to the bottom of this national disgrace and join Speaker Boehner by making this a joint select committee.  Then we can in a bipartisan fashion harness the full resources of Congress to find out what happened to the four brave Americans who lost their lives that terrible night, and why our government lied to us about it for so long.
More from the Obama Economy: the lowest labor force participation rate since 1978.   We desperately need policies that encourage job creation and economic growth.
About time! Let's find out the truth about what happened in #Benghazi!
Honored to work hand in hand with some of my friends in #TXLege on behalf of the Great State of Texas.
Dude. 2 years ago indeed - and STILL no explanation for why four Americans were left for dead in #Benghazi without support.
Like 2014, 1985 was a record cold winter. But in Q1 that year, the economy still grew 4% or 40x faster than this year #MakeDCListen
Today is a reminder that America remains a prayerful nation.  The National Day of Prayer is a celebration of the power of prayer and our uniquely American freedom to worship. As we bow our heads in prayer, let us give thanks for the blessing of liberty.  Since our country’s inception, Americans have cherished their faith. We are all the children of those who have risked everything for freedom. We must vigilantly protect our right to practice that faith, enshrined in the First Amendment.  Our history shows that faith and freedom are intertwined. America has always been a land where every citizen is free to seek out God Almighty with all our heart, mind, and soul, free from government interference. We must make sure it stays that way. Free exercise of religion and freedom of conscience are paramount to a free society.  In both times of joy and hardship, we pray. We give thanks and we seek comfort. We pray for those in need now.  Let us remember in our prayers today those who are suffering from the deadly storms that have struck the nation. Pray for our first responders and the members of our Armed Forces who rush to danger to keep us safe. And, pray for all those who face daily struggles in finding work and providing for themselves and their families.  Please join me in lifting them and everyone else who is in your hearts up today, on this National Day of Prayer.  And, let us remain grateful for the ability to pray together, as one nation, under God.
No more stonewalling from the White House on #Benghazi. We need a joint select committee. We need justice — NOW!
Dear #Sriracha, Toyota recently announced a move to the Lone Star State — join the #GTT movement!
Our democratic process is broken and corrupt right now because the campaign finance system serves as incumbent protection. We need to empower the individual citizens.
Tomorrow at Houston Baptist University: a discussion on Faith and Freedom in the Public Square.  I hope you'll join us!
The Obama economy: 0.1% GDP growth. We need policies that promote growth, investment and jobs. We need the American Energy Renaissance Act.
We need a joint select committee to find out the truth about #Benghazi -- NOW.
A far better campaign finance system would be to allow individuals unlimited contributions to candidates and require immediate disclosure.
The choice is simple: the Minimum Wage Act kills jobs and hurts the most vulnerable among us while the American Energy Renaissance Act creates jobs and opportunity.  Let's create jobs and opportunity!
81 years young and still kicking! This week a Texas icon celebrates a birthday and his fifth-degree black belt.  Congrats, Willie!
We should stop making it harder for working Americans to climb the economic ladder and instead come together for jobs and economic growth by passing the American Energy Renaissance Act!
The real Obama minimum wage for all those out of the work force right now:
Justice Scalia is right. Unelected agency bureaucrats shouldn’t be setting policy when Congress already has.
I agree with President Obama: Don Sterling's comments are ignorant and offensive. Millions of Americans of all races love the NBA, and these racist sentiments have utterly no place in our society.
Words have meaning, and this language from Secretary Kerry undermines a critical ally in Israel and undermines US national security interests.
"The ugly spectacle of countries jockeying to control the Internet is a timely reminder of why the U.S. should never give them the chance."
For Secretary Kerry to use such incendiary rhetoric and suggest Israel be treated as a pariah does real damage to our critical ally. He should resign.
If you'd like to help those impacted by the devastating severe weather:
Today marks the 61st anniversary of the Holocaust Remembrance Day in Israel—the day on which the world’s only Jewish state pauses in memory of those murdered in the most savage episode of genocide in modern history. The day falls between the anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising and the anniversary of the founding of Israel and, as such, both recalls the great struggle for survival of 20th century Jews, and the great event that came out of that struggle, namely the establishment of the state of Israel.   It is therefore fitting that we join in solidarity with Israel to remember the mothers and fathers, the brothers and sisters, the husbands and wives, the sons and daughters who perished in the Holocaust, and to celebrate the courage of those who resolved that the Nazis—like all those who attempted to annihilate the Jews in the past—would fail.   It is the great good fortune of the United States that Israel was established and has flourished beyond the wildest expectations to become a beacon in the Middle East of the limitless potential of a free society.  As a Texan, I am particularly encouraged by our close relationship in the energy sector, which will shortly enable Israel to become an energy exporter to neighbors like Egypt and Jordan.   Israel has also become a key security partner for America in the region assisting us with everything from counter-terrorism efforts to research and development on programs such as Iron Dome and Iron Beam—and most importantly standing firmly by our side to counter the looming threat of a nuclear Iran.   On this Holocaust Remembrance Day, our best way to affirm our commitment to “never again” is to present a united front with our close friend and ally Israel, and to express our vigorous support for the Jewish state and for Jews worldwide by focusing on our clear national security interest—which is continuing to guarantee Israel’s security through our unquestionable commitment to our friendship.
Secretary Kerry has repeatedly demonstrated a willingness to countenance a world where Israel is made a pariah because it will not sacrifice its security to his diplomatic initiatives.  It is my belief that Secretary Kerry has proven himself unsuitable for his position and that before any further harm is done to our alliance with Israel, he should offer President Obama his resignation, and the President should accept it.
BLM already controls FAR too much land. We need to reduce the amount of federal land the agency controls and the amount of land the federal government owns.
Texas to Toyota: Come on down! #GTT
If you're near Houston this Friday, I hope you'll join me for an evening discussion on Faith and Freedom in the Public Square at Houston Baptist University!  Get your tickets and more info here:
Saint John Paul II is and always will be a force for courage against religious and political oppression, a brilliant defender of the sanctity of life, and an inspiring source of love amidst a world in turmoil.
The systematic degradation of liberty continues in Venezuela. #SOSVenezuela
We need answers from BLM.
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott and I have some questions for the BLM about the Red River Boundary Compact and associated lands that the agency needs to answer ASAP:
The #Benghazi victims and their families need MUCH more than your regrets, Secretary Clinton. They need justice.
Don’t let government get in the way of an American success story that provides limitless prosperity and opportunity — embrace the great American Energy Renaissance!
"If you like your health plan, you might lose it. Again."
Even the Washington Post thinks #KeystoneXL should be approved. President Obama should stop playing politics with jobs and our allies.
Don't let government get in the way of historic growth, opportunity, and good paying jobs. Embrace the great American Energy Renaissance!
Disturbing: "The IRS generally doesn't consider conduct issues when administering bonuses."
Tragic: America's middle class is headed in the wrong direction. To get back to rising wages and rising living standards for all we need more economic dynamism and fewer government roadblocks to growth.
We should facilitate the incredible energy renaissance taking place in our nation to bring back jobs and opportunity to the working men and women of America.
If you are in or around Houston, I hope you'll join me on Friday, May 2, for an evening discussion on Faith and Freedom in the Public Square at Houston Baptist University!  More info can be found here:
Fresh demonstrations in Caracas mark one year of Maduro's disastrous rule. #SOSVenezuela
Even at a time when Congress is so mired in partisan gridlock, we stood united against the virulent anti-Americanism coming from Iran. #KeepTerroristsOut
Union leader: “Once again, the administration is making a political calculation instead of doing what is right for the country.” #KeystoneXL
#Sriracha may not be welcome in California, but you’d be welcomed with open arms and eager taste buds in Texas.
More "moderation" on display from the regime in Tehran: Journalists at Evin prison beaten with batons, cut with glass. 
Happy San Jacinto Day! Today we celebrate 178 years since the Republic of Texas secured its independence with a victory in the battle of San Jacinto: http://bit.ly/1trPUqn
Really powerful: this Easter, Pastor Saeed Abedini finds Light in Christ even from the darkness of Iran. #SaveSaeed
From our family to yours, wishing you a happy and blessed Easter.
"So wherever and whenever I can take steps without legislation to expand opportunity for more American families, that’s what I’m going to do." - President Obama  Those are your words, Mr. President. Stop delaying and let's build the #KeystoneXL and get Americans to work!
The government of the United States has sent an unequivocal, bipartisan message that we will not tolerate the ongoing campaign of insult and antagonism from the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Thank you President Obama for joining a unanimous Congress and signing S. 2195 into law today.   This is a great moment of clarity from the House, Senate, and White House. We have shown the world that when confronted with virulent anti-Americanism, we can stand together in defense of our national security.   The combined bipartisan support of both the Congress and the President sends Iran—and other rogue nations—the clear signal that the United Nations is not a back door through which they can attack the United States of America.
Thanks to President Obama for standing with a bipartisan, unanimous Congress and signing S. 2195 to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US!
Amid the darkness of persecution, a note of hope this Easter for Christians in the Middle East from Israel's Ambassador to the United Nations, Ron Prosor:
It is with a heavy heart that we remember the devastating explosion that took the lives, homes, and businesses of West a year ago today. We mourn for the families who have lost loved ones or suffered.   In spite of the wreckage, the community's sacrifice, courage, and steadfastness to renew the city of West inspires me and embodies the Texas spirit.    Today, we lift up the people of West in our prayers.
Greatly appreciate Border Patrol, DPS, and all the staff for the excellent briefing and tour of the World Trade Bridge in Laredo.
Mr. President, the Obamacare repeal debate is far from over. #FullRepeal
A week ago the House and Senate unanimously passed legislation to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US. The President still hasn’t signed it.  President Obama should join a unanimous congress and sign the bill immediately.
Pleasure to join the Harlingen Chamber of Commerce this afternoon to discuss how we grow the economy with a great American Energy Renaissance and prevent the federal government from getting in the way.
The true face of intolerance emerging in east Ukraine:
The country music career didn't quite pan out, but things are going okay. #TBT
More regulation means stagnation. Get government out of the way and allow the private sector to create jobs, growth, and opportunity. #MakeDCListen
BuzzFeed's Benny Johnson boarded a flight to DC. You won’t believe what happened next…
Tragic story from Pakistan, where Christians face death for sending a text message:
What’s worse than a guy with a bad haircut?   A guy with a bad haircut who can’t take a joke.
DOJ called Lois Lerner about targeting tax-exempt groups. DOJ’s credibility to investigate #IRS scandal is gone. We need an independent special prosecutor!
Catherine Engelbrecht is absolutely right. The #IRS targeting scandal is real, and Republican or Democrat, the silencing of political speech should trouble everyone! #AbolishTheIRS
Premiums rising at the fastest rates in decades thanks to Obamacare. #FullRepeal
Today America stands #BostonStrong as we remember the heroism, courage, and resilience in the face of a terrorist attack.
The feeling never goes away each time you see the building...
It is marvelous how even a police state like Communist China cannot stop the spread of religious liberty:
Tax Day is our annual reminder of how government spending directly impacts our daily lives. It’s particularly distressing to hand over our hard-earned dollars to the IRS this year in the wake of its illegal targeting of conservative groups.   The IRS must never be used as a tool for partisan warfare and on this Tax Day, I ask my fellow members of Congress to immediately act on legislation to uphold the First Amendment rights of our citizens and ensure no individual or group is targeted based on their political views.
Even with heavy hearts from the brutal reminder in Kansas that anti-Semitism can strike even in our heartland, today we join our Jewish friends celebrating the start of Passover:  
Glad #IRS is scrapping proposed rules that would stifle political speech. But we need to make sure any new rules don’t limit speech either.
As Easter draws near, tragic stories like this demonstrate the urgency in fighting for religious freedom across the globe. Catholic missionary Father Frans van der Lugt, the last westerner in Homs, was murdered because of his faith:
So good to be with students today in Texas. All the best to Strake Jesuit College Prep!
How fitting that "the IRS" spells THEIRS when you put the words together... #AbolishTHEIRS
Well this stinks... #BadPun
PSA: Tax Day, the favorite holiday of Democrats, is just around the corner, and unlike the Obama Administration, you won’t be able to use any of these excuses if you don’t file on time:
I appreciate the Republicans and the Democrats who came together to pass this legislation to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US!
We don't need resignations. We need a #FullRepeal!
I think it’s terrific that we see a bipartisan statement of unanimity, Republicans and Democrats coming together against Iran, and I hope the President signs this legislation and keeps this acknowledged terrorist out of the United States. #KeepTerroristsOut
A House panel has voted to hold #IRS official in contempt over the targeting scandal, but still no special prosecutor appointed to conduct an investigation. It’s time to hold accountable those responsible.
Congress has voted unanimously in support of a bill to reject Iran's deliberately insulting nomination of a known terrorist – one of the 1979 hostage-takers – to be their ambassador to the United Nations.   I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting it, and urge the President to act quickly.   We, as a country, can send an unequivocal message to rogue nations like Iran that the United States will not tolerate this kind of provocative and hostile behavior.
Passed unanimously by both the House and Senate.  Mr. President, you’ve got your pen. Use it and sign here to #KeepTerroristsOut.
Looks like there may have been more than a "smidgen of corruption" behind the #IRS targeting after all...
We need an independent special prosector to investigate the #IRS targeting. NOW.
51 years ago Sir Winston Churchill became an Honorary Citizen of the US. #ChurchillDay
Newly disclosed documents regarding the #IRS official who pled the fifth about targeting conservative groups show the need for a special prosecutor to investigate.
If you want to talk about a “stinkburger," how about a law titled the "Affordable Care Act" causing some of the sharpest increases of health insurance premiums in years? #FullRepeal
The Senate passed the bill unanimously. I'm optimistic the House will pass it. The President should sign it as soon as possible to #KeepTerroristsOut of the US! 
We’re not going to tolerate this insult from Iran.   I’m optimistic the House will pass and the President should sign this bill to stop an acknowledged terrorist from moving to New York and having diplomatic immunity. #KeepTerroristsOut
“Vast amount of discretion” to enforce laws is DC-speak for ignoring the law. #MakeDCListen
The House should pass and the President immediately sign this bill to keep an Iranian terrorist out of the United States.
Somehow the "sharpest increases perhaps ever" of health insurance premiums missed the Obamacare talking points when selling the law to the American people... #FullRepeal
This nomination is part of Iran’s clear and consistent pattern of virulent anti-Americanism that has defined their foreign policy since 1979. We need to send Tehran an equally clear message: The United States Senate is not going to just ignore this most recent insult, but is going to give our President the authority to affirmatively reject it.    I am proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on this national security issue that transcends political parties.
The Great American Energy Renaissance means more good paying jobs that will provide limitless opportunity. Don't let government stand in the way.
If you're visiting DC soon, you'll be greeted by cherry blossoms beginning to emerge!
Congratulations to the 2014 TROLP Jurist of the Year, my friend, Justice Don Willett!
More "moderation": 6 Christians denied clemency in Iran, including Vahid Hakkani who is now on hunger strike.
Maduro takes the next step in Castro-style oppression: Leopoldo López faces an unprecedented prison sentence. #SOSVenezuela
The Broken Window Theory of Obamacare... #FullRepeal
We thank God for the courage of the men and women who risk their lives to defend our freedom. #FortHood
I am hopeful we will get all 100 Senators to unanimously consent to pass this legislation to keep known terrorists out of the US.
It's crazy that we'd have to accept known terrorists into the US as UN ambassadors. My legislation would stop it.
Perfect example of why voter ID is critical to protect the integrity of our elections. 
When Americans speak up, it makes a difference. A record number of Americans spoke out against a regulation being considered by the IRS to stifle free speech of 501(c)(4) political groups.  As a result, it is unlikely those rules will be implemented this year. This is a substantial victory for the grassroots and should serve as motivation to continue pressuring the IRS to drop the rule completely: http://1.usa.gov/Ofsx2q
It should go without saying, but under no circumstance should we allow a known terrorist to enter the United States as a UN Ambassador or otherwise.
My prayers are with all in the Fort Hood community who have been impacted by today's shooting, including first responders who have been actively working to move people out of harm's way and secure the area. Our office will continue to closely monitor the situation and stands by to offer assistance as necessary.
Please join me in praying for those at Fort Hood.
"No way, Mr. President. We do not accept, we do not acquiesce in, this deplorable piece of legislation. The debate is not over. The debate will continue. It must continue." #FullRepeal of Obamacare!
Good for #Andiarios and Colombia for fighting for freedom of the press in Venezuela. #SOSVenezuela
Today's #SCOTUS decision is a victory for the First Amendment. The restriction that the Court struck down benefitted incumbent politicians by limiting the ability of Americans to support as many candidates as they choose.   Politicians in both parties have pressed this law to restrict the ability of citizens to participate in the political process, but our democracy works better when the free speech rights of the citizenry are unfettered.
Freedom and faith are intertwined, as our rights come from God, not government. The most important revolution was not fought with guns or bayonets, but was a revolution of radical ideas, that all men are endowed by their Creator – not by monarchs – with inalienable rights. Those radical propositions are what allow us today to pursue God free of the government.  Today, religious liberty has never been more under assault. We are called to action as believers, not to sitting quietly and hiding our faith under a bushel, but to stand and speak no matter what the consequence.
President Obama is dancing in the end zone while millions of Americans are still hurting from Obamacare. He has moved the goal posts so many times -- why should the American people believe him this time?   Obamacare wasn't working last year and it's not working now. We need a #FullRepeal of every word of it.
It is unconscionable that, in the name of international diplomatic protocol, the United States would be forced to host a foreign national who showed a brutal disregard for the status of our diplomats when they were stationed in his country.   My proposed legislation ensures they aren’t: http://1.usa.gov/1hxrgiO
Thanks to Representative Mike Kelly for continuing to stand strong for the Second Amendment and against the UN Arms Trade Treaty.
Wow... My nephew's school came to visit the Capitol today and they surprised us with a musical performance. Check it out:
Got a little inspiration for some ink... http://bit.ly/1e87Psa
Ray Hutchison spent the majority of his life serving the people of Texas and working to advance our great State. His contributions and distinguished service will always be remembered.   From his time in the Texas Legislature, to leading the Texas Republican Party, to the countless good projects he spearheaded, his tireless work made our State a better place.   Heidi and I send our prayers and condolences to Kay, Houston, Bailey, and all of Ray's loved ones as Texas joins in mourning their loss of a committed husband, father, and friend.
Indeed, the biggest lie in politics is that the GOP is the party of the rich.
Disgraceful. Secretary Kerry, no US visas for Iranian hostage takers.
Looks like the Obamacare enrollment period ends like it started… #FullRepeal
A student and a little league coach are the most recent victims of Maduro's thugs. #SOSVenezuela
In observance of #HAH2014, let's show we can achieve even more with another Great American Energy Renaissance:
Thank you Larry for championing freedom at The Kudlow Report. Free-market capitalism IS the best path to prosperity. #KudlowCreed
With the Great American Energy Renaissance, we have an opportunity to jumpstart the economy and bring high-paying jobs to cities across Texas and the nation.   All we need to do is get the government out of the way. For far too long, the government has stifled opportunity and this bill will help Americans to do what they do best— dream, innovate, and prosper.
The feds spent $700K on a climate change musical, but are cutting Marine battalions to save money. Our priorities are WAY out of line.
And then they came for the crossword puzzles... #SOSVenezuela
Good news: a federal court has upheld TX abortion law. Without life, there is no liberty. #Stand4Life
#TBT to an earlier American Energy Renaissance. Now let’s have another.   Just filed the American Energy Renaissance Act: http://1.usa.gov/1h0I1yg
Why is the Department of Defense spending millions to develop algae fuel while at the same time eliminating Marine battalions to save money? 
This is a proud moment for the United States Senate. Republicans and Democrats agreed to send a unified message to the world: The United States will stand with the people of Ukraine and against Russia's aggression.   I hope we continue with proactive measures, such as signing a free trade agreement with Ukraine and exporting vital energy resources to the nation, to encourage economic growth in Ukraine and also benefit the United States.   We must, however, remain vigilant and continue to signal to Putin that we understand his larger agenda, and that the United States will vigorously defend our national security interests.
You encounter many wonderful things being a Dad to two little girls. Here's one: a Texas college student singing Frozen's "Let it Go"…in the voices of 21 different Disney characters.  Wow.  Caroline and Catherine loved it.
Jailed opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez has asked for supporters around the globe to raise their voices on behalf of those being persecuted as they protest for freedom in Venezuela.  Even though he has been detained for more than a month, he has managed to get the word out through the New York Times — through the freedom of the press we enjoy here in America — about the desperate situation in his country and the increasingly brutal methods Nicolas Maduro and his Cuban accomplices are using to silence dissent.  Mr. Lopez' call for the restoration of civil society and basic human rights commands our attention — and his bravery in continuing to speak out even from his prison cell commands our respect.  He is right, "To be silent is to be complicit."  The Venezuelan people deserve better than to be forced to endure a skyrocketing murder rate, a 57% inflation rate and shortages of the basic necessities of life.  And they do not deserve to be summarily incarcerated — and even murdered — when they protest for a more free and prosperous way of life.  Free Leopoldo Lopez now. #SOSVenezuela 
#HobbyLobby #SCOTUS showdown, more delays, increased costs, and more in the Obamacare News of the Day. #FullRepeal
Delays and exemptions for nearly everyone else, but the Obama Administration continues to force #HobbyLobby and others to violate their faith. Unacceptable. 
Good NYT article -- yes, you read that right -- capturing the incentive-destroying impact of high taxes and regulations on entrepreneurs and small businesses. 
LIKE if you agree that the federal government does not have the authority to force people to violate their faith! #ReligiousFreedomForAll
The Hobby Lobby case is about whether the federal government can force people to violate the dictates and teachings of their faith. #ReligiousFreedomForAll
A new poll shows 78% of voters favor requiring proof of citizenship before someone is allowed to vote.  Are you one of them?
Stand with #HobbyLobby for religious liberty! #SCOTUS
I stand with Hobby Lobby for religious liberty.  Do you? #SCOTUS
With less than a week left to enroll, more people have lost their health insurance as a result of Obamacare than have gotten it. #FullRepeal
Many thanks to the U.S. Coast Guard, Texas General Land Office, Texas Division of Emergency Management and others working around the clock to reopen the Houston Ship Channel after this weekend's oil spill. We are grateful for their rapid response, clean up, and coordination efforts to ensure minimal economic and environmental impact.
In Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius, the Supreme Court has the opportunity to affirm our fundamental right to religious freedom.   Time and time again, President Obama has granted exemptions to the politically powerful, yet refuses to grant the same leniency to those for whom Obamacare's contraception mandate infringes on their beliefs.   I urge the court to unequivocally stand up for the First Amendment rights of all Americans and stop the government from forcing employers with valid religious objections to violate their faith. #SCOTUS
SHARE if you do too!
Quick poll: Obamacare was signed into law four years ago yesterday. Are you better off now than you were then?   Comment with YES or NO!
Religious liberty means not having "underground" clergy die under house arrest. Bishop Joseph Fan was a giant in the battle for religious liberty in China.
The United States should insist Maria Corina Machado and voices for Venezuelan freedom get a megaphone -- not muffled in the Organization of American States. #SOSVenezuela
Sent a letter with Senator Rand Paul, Sen. Mike Enzi, United States Senator Mike Lee, and Sen. Pat Roberts notifying Sen. Reid that we will support an objection to the Ukrainian aid package unless a vote is held to strip out language regarding International Monetary Fund changes.
New House Ukraine bill shows Republicans and Democrats agree: quit holding Ukraine aid hostage to unrelated issues like the IMF.
Texas is at the forefront of a great American energy renaissance complete with great jobs if government will get out of the way! #MakeDCListen
The Department of Justice doesn't believe there is a conflict of interest in a major Democrat donor leading the investigation of the targeting of conservatives by the #IRS.  What do you think?
Two more Maduro opponents "begin the judgement process." #sosvenezuela 
New study ranks Obama as 5th best President in history. Hard to disagree... #AggieJoke
To the people of Iran I say happy new year, and send my hopes it will bring you the political and religious liberty you deserve.  America stands ready to welcome a free and peaceful Iran into a mutually-beneficial friendship.  While Saeed Abedini, an American citizen, languishes in a brutal Iranian prison for the peaceful profession of his Christian faith, however, there should be no illusions that the regime of Hasan Rouhani is any more "moderate" than his predecessor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.  The case of Pastor Saeed demonstrates the grim reality that under the genial veneer of cell phone chats and tweets, the cruelly oppressive and anti-American policies of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei are unchanged.  Pastor Saeed is, unfortunately, only one piece in the larger picture of human rights abuses in Iran.  Not only are he and his fellow Americans Amir Hekmati and Robert Levinson detained in Iran, but the regime has also increased its oppression of its own people.  Just this month, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation on human rights in Iran submitted a report detailing how the human rights crisis has worsened--not improved--since Rouhani's election, including spikes in executions and abuses of religious freedom.  Some in the Obama administration believe human rights issues can be compartmentalized, or rather marginalized, in their quest to get a comprehensive deal on Iran's nuclear program, and the administration has shown little interest in officially naming Iranian human rights abusers for sanctions.  I believe this is a mistake, and that we should be aggressively pursuing human rights abusers in Iran as we should in Russia.  At the very least the United States should demand the release of our unjustly detained citizens before we embrace a hostile foreign government as a legitimate diplomatic partner.   There could be no more positive step for both our countries than if all prisoners of conscience in Iran were immediately and unconditionally released on Nowruz, beginning with Saeed Abedini, and I urge all those observing the holiday to remember him in their prayers. #SaveSaeed
It is the height of hypocrisy for the Obama Administration to claim that the investigator leading the investigation into the #IRS's illegal targeting program has no conflict of interest.
Honored to tour Goodfellow Air Force Base and thank all those who selflessly put their lives on the line to defend our nation and our liberties!
Terrific conversation with Midland business leaders about the Great American Energy Renaissance that is at our fingertips.
Economic prosperity at home goes hand in hand with strong leadership in the world. It's time to get the American economy booming again.
If we count on Washington, we’ll never turn this country around. But what makes me optimistic is that people all across the country are standing up, speaking out, and saying we have to get back to freedom -- back to the Constitution. #MakeDCListen
Great discussion with small business owners in and around Tyler this afternoon on the impact Obamacare is having on their ability to hire and expand. #FullRepeal
Glad to see our UN delegation has awakened to reality in Iran and is speaking out on Saeed Abedini. #SaveSaeed 
With a few strokes of his pen, Vladimir Putin has in recent days both created the Republic of Crimea and annexed that new entity into the Russian Federation, thereby violating the territorial integrity of Ukraine.  To hear Putin tell it in his address to the Duma, this action is not only perfectly legal, it also rights a historical wrong in which Russia was “robbed” of its rightful claim to the Crimean peninsula in 1954.  President Obama has disputed the legality of these actions, observing that “President Putin seems to have a different set of lawyers making a different set of interpretations, but I don’t think that’s fooling anyone.” The reality, however, is that Putin is not concerned with international law or historical justice.  His sole focus is on correcting what he considers to be the “greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century” by reassembling the Soviet Union.   Ukraine is only a step in this process.  That is the real challenge the United States has to face, which we cannot do when we are agonizing over what our respective legal teams think.  There is an historical model we can consult for guidance in this crisis, as deterring Soviet aggression without engaging in military conflict was exactly what President Ronald Reagan had in mind when he proposed the Strategic Defense Initiative thirty-one years ago next Sunday.  The genius of SDI was that it did not recklessly attack the Soviets but rather neutralized their threat through our technological advantage.  Derided as a “Star Wars” style fantasy that was impossible to realize, President Reagan’s vision was a major component in the effort that brought down the Soviet Union without firing a shot, as no one ever started a war with a weapon called missile defense.  The Obama administration has unfortunately shown little enthusiasm for missile defense, beginning with the decision to cancel plans for a ballistic missile defense system in Central Europe, announced on the 70th anniversary of the Soviet invasion of Poland on September 17, 2009.  This pattern continued with the arbitrary and unnecessary concessions made to the Russians limiting our global deployment of missile defense in the New START that was implemented in 2011 and remains in force until 2021.  Most recently, on March 14th the Government Accountability Office released a report titled “Regional Missile Defense: DOD’s Report Provided Limited Information; Assessment of Acquisition Risks is Optimistic.” It provides the depressing assessment that what missile defense programs we still have planned in Europe are going to be delayed to the tune of years because of technological glitches and cost overruns—a failure that would not have been tolerated if missile defense was a priority for the Commander in Chief.  This report could not have come at a more inopportune time, but perhaps it can serve as a wake-up call that President Obama’s policies on both Russia and missile defense have collapsed and should be immediately reversed through the following actions:  1) The President should begin the process of withdrawing from New START according to the provision of Article XIV(3) of the Treaty, which declares “Each party shall, in exercising its national sovereignty, have the right to withdraw from this Treaty if it decides that extraordinary events related to the subject matter of this Treaty have jeopardized its supreme interests;”  2) The Secretary of Defense should engage in a full re-assessment of our missile defense posture in Europe with the purpose of restoring or expanding the installations cancelled in 2009; and  3) The Secretary of Defense should, in conjunction with this work, engage in a thorough review of the delays and costs over-runs of the existing missile defense programs for Europe with the goal of accelerating their scheduled implementation.  These simple steps would send a clear and unequivocal signal to Vladimir Putin that the United States is unafraid to stand with our allies for our own national security interests.  Today his sights are set on Ukraine, but if he continues undeterred tomorrow it could be Estonia, Latvia, Moldova, Romania, the Czech Republic, or Poland.  Meeting his challenge now with strength, not appeasement, would be the best way to ensure that this does not happen, and that we do not squander our hard-won Cold War victory over the Soviets.
Pass Obamacare they said. It'll save you money they said. #FullRepeal
Higher health care premiums on the way thanks to the "Affordable Care Act." #FullRepeal
Geraldo Rivera is right: the Cuban infiltration of Venezuela resembles the Russian invasion of Ukraine. #SOSVenezuela
Putin’s aggressiveness against Ukraine is a direct product of the lack of leadership of the United States over the last five years.
Today we honor the service of 24 recipients of the Medal of Honor. We can never thank each of you enough for showing extraordinary bravery in going above and beyond the call of duty.
And now this from "the most transparent administration in history."
Maduro's Castro-inspired crackdown on brave Venezuelan protestors continues — where is the United States? #SOSVenezuela
"Texas once again is leading the nation in job growth ... and economists say trends for the rest of the year look promising." #MakeDCListen
As dire as things appear, I’m encouraged because people are waking up. I am convinced we will get back to morning in America. #MakeDCListen
What a sad state of affairs when the men and women putting their lives on the line to defend our First Amendment rights can’t even enjoy the benefits of theirs:
Unfortunately for many Americans, the Obamacare horror stories are very real. #FullRepeal
More than 300 Christians arrested in Iran for their faith since 2010.  This is not "moderation." #savesaeed
Well that’s quite the departure from what we were told before Obamacare passed... #FullRepeal
How could a decision in Bond v. United States on the treaty power pose dire threats to U.S. sovereignty, our system of federalism and separation of powers? Read:
Odd. I don't recall you "might end up having to switch doctors" being part of the sales pitch.   Do you? #FullRepeal
We should have passed the Ukraine aid bill yesterday, but Harry Reid held it hostage to impose IMF reform measures that haven’t been able to pass on their own merit.
This might have been useful to know years ago when pitching the law.   You know, instead of repeating this: http://on.wsj.com/1bXao54
So much for "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor." #FullRepeal
#HappyPiDay Hopefully there are still fewer digits in the national debt than in Pi when the debt limit suspension ends a year from tomorrow!
It is not the job of the U.S. Senate to vilify private citizens.
The world, Russia and the people of Ukraine should understand – Mr. Putin should understand – that all of us are united in standing with the people of Ukraine, that the United States will act.  I am convinced we will act decisively to impose sanctions and serious consequences on Russia for their unprovoked act of war. We will act decisively to stand with the people of Ukraine.             There should be no doubt in any observer's mind that this will unify both parties, we will stand together. We would have done so tonight had the majority leader not made the cynical decision to hold Ukraine aid hostage to politics.   Politics should end at the water's edge, and I think it's unfortunate to see the Majority Leader trying to use the crisis in Ukraine for political advantage. That's the mistake, but there should be no ambiguity. We will impose sanctions. We will stand with Ukraine.
Sad display of the relentless attack on religious liberty in our nation. This time at the Air Force Academy.
How far we've come... http://bit.ly/1cXvprb
Proud to join Sen. John Cornyn, United States Senator Mike Lee, and Senator David Vitter in supporting The Becket Fund for Religious Liberty's challenge of Obamacare's contraception mandate in the Hobby Lobby case. 
President Barack Obama, use that pen and phone.   Americans by a 3 to 1 margin support building the #KeystoneXL pipeline. Let's get America to work!
We win when we stand for principle. When we paint a bold, inspiring vision for America. #MakeDCListen
You can't delay the individual mandate they said. It's the law they said. #FullRepeal
HHS Secretary Sebelius can't tell you how many people have actually paid premiums for Obamacare plans, but she can tell you "premiums are likely to go up." #FullRepeal
Like Mt. Soledad & Mojave, the #Bladensburg Cross should serve as a monument to our fallen heroes, not a battlefield in a radical war against religious liberty.
Wishing a very happy birthday to #BattleshipTexas which celebrates the 100th anniversary of commissioning today with a reunion of her final crew.
There are an awful lot of Democrats running because of Obamacare — and they’re running away from it. #FullRepeal
If you were to sit down and design a plan to hammer the living daylights out of young people, you couldn’t do better than the Obama economic agenda. #MakeDCListen
It appears "the most transparent administration in history” is having a little trouble with … transparency.
Student Daniel Tinoco shot dead and opposition leader Leopoldo López still jailed in #Cubazuela. #SOSVenezuela
Remember when Democrats wanted to cut tax rates to increase economic growth? 
The Obama Administration shouldn't use the endangered species list to block the Great American Energy Renaissance.
We cannot continue to saddle future generations with crushing debt because we are too irresponsible to live within our means. #MakeDCListen
You don't have to take it from just conservatives.   Take it from the unions who say Obamacare "threatens the middle class with higher premiums, loss of hours, and a shift to part-time work and less comprehensive coverage." #FullRepeal
Actual quote from the Washington Post: "Underestimate Texas at your own peril." #MakeDCListen
American leadership is critical in the world. When the United States doesn't stand for freedom, tyrants notice:
Can we repeal Obamacare?   Every. Single. Word. #FullRepeal
We win by standing unequivocally for principle & inspiring people that there is a better tomorrow. #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen 
"Texas, according to a new paper, outstrips the rest of the country when it comes to creating not just jobs, but jobs that pay well." #MakeDCListen
31 years ago tomorrow, President Reagan delivered his speech declaring the Soviet Union an "evil" empire.
The truth is Washington is corrupt #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen
If a nation wants to be treated as a member of the civilized community in the world, then it should behave as a member of the civilized community in the world and not use its military to oppress its neighbors. #Russia #Ukraine
#RememberTheAlamo
It has been dangerous for tyrants when the American people remember we are exceptional and we defend liberty on the global stage.
Together, if the American people continue to rise up to speak out -- to speak the truth, we can restore our "Shining City upon a Hill." #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen
The stakes have never been higher. We’ve got to win in 2014 and 2016. And the way we win is we stand for principle! #CPAC2014 #MakeDCListen
Tomorrow morning at 8 am CT. Hope you’ll join us!
The nomination of Rose Gottemoeller to be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security is only the most recent manifestation of the backwards approach to foreign policy pursued by the Obama administration over the last five years.   President Obama proposes to recycle the failed negotiator from New START and put her in a position of considerable authority to manage our highly sensitive and adversarial relationships with both Russia and Iran. Given Ms. Gottemoeller’s track record of prioritizing getting a deal over defending our national security interests, this nomination poses an unacceptable risk in a dangerous time. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to unite in voting no on Rose Gottemoeller.
The lawlessness continues. #FullRepeal
Once again Lois Lerner appears in front of a congressional committee, and once again she refuses to answer any questions about #IRS targeting.  We need real accountability.
Wondering why we're funding millions of dollars for algae rather than the Army? I asked SecDef Hagel today: 
Glad to see the Senate reject nomination of Debo Adegbile. Those who lionize convicted cop killers are not suitable for major leadership roles at the Department of Justice.
I stand with the Fraternal Order of Police in opposition to Debo Adegbile. He is not suitable for a leadership role at the Department of Justice.
On this day in 1946, Sir Winston Churchill came to Fulton, Missouri to deliver his bold "Iron Curtain" speech. We should be inspired by his courage and clarity in purpose today.
I urge every member of the Senate to oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile to head the DOJ's Civil Rights Division.
Calling President Obama's proposal to increase the national debt almost $5 TRILLION over 10 years a "budget" seems like an abuse of the word "budget."
Honored to speak with the Texas AIPAC delegation and stand unshakably with Israel.
Another day, another illegal Obamacare delay.   This is nonsense. #FullRepeal
Even the Washington Post finally gets it — President Obama's foreign policy is based in fantasy not reality.
Hillary Clinton "completely silent" on Pastor Saeed Abedini's detention in Iran when she could have made a difference. #SaveSaeed
As we welcome AIPAC to our nation’s capital, why is President Obama tougher on Netanyahu than Putin?    We should be threatening Russia with isolation and making it clear Israel's security is non-negotiable.
Politico: #IRS hit from all political stripes on nonprofit rules
Courage and a love of liberty have long been defining characteristics of the Texas spirit. Both were exemplified 178 years ago when fifty-nine delegates convened in Independence Hall at Washington-on-the-Brazos to declare Texas' independence.  Inflamed by General Santa Anna's refusal to abide by the Mexican Constitution of 1824 and inspired by the United States’ first Declaration of Independence, the men produced their own Declaration and resolved ‘that the people of Texas do now constitute a free, Sovereign, and independent republic.’  The same love of ‘life, liberty, and property of the people’ that spurred the Texians at the Alamo and throughout the Revolution still lives in each Texan today. They fought for it. They died for it. We owe it to their sacrifice to carry the torch of freedom for future generations. And we will.  Keep that resolve strong and when anyone threatens our liberties, proudly say, as only a Texan can, ‘come and take it!’
The situation unfolding in Ukraine right now is a harsh lesson that no matter how great the victory, we must never rest on our laurels. After the United States won the Cold War and the Soviet Union ceased to exist in 1991, many on both sides of the aisle believed that the Soviet threat to freedom was a thing of the past and that the new, democratic Russia would be a reasonable partner and even an ally.   The events of the last seventy-two hours demonstrate this is not case. Vladimir Putin barely waited for the flame of the Olympic torch in Sochi to be extinguished before he turned his attention to crushing the most recent attempt of the Ukrainian people to move towards freedom and the West. Despite warnings and expressions of concern from the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the National Security Advisor, the Ambassador to the United Nations and even the President of the United States, Putin apparently feels he can act with impunity in what he considers to be his exclusive sphere of influence.   He has good reason to do so. Over the five years of his presidency, President Obama has done nothing to help the people of Georgia reclaim the some 20 percent of their sovereign territory that was violated by the 2008 Russian invasion, instead instructing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to attempt to “reset” the relationship with Russia in the hopes of pursuing more arms control agreements rather than forcefully defending American national security interests, and those of our allies.    This evening, President Obama spoke about his deep concerns about reports of Russian military action in Ukraine, and urged Putin not to violate international laws. But as the President and his national security team are apparently the last to learn, Putin has scant regard for international norms when they run counter to his goal of re-establishing Soviet-style regional hegemony over unfortunate states like Georgia and Ukraine who have the temerity to want a more free, prosperous future for their people. And Putin is under no illusions that the President’s vague threats mean any more than his infamous ‘red line’ in the Syrian desert.   If we were serious about standing up to Putin’s power grab, we would immediately suspend Russian membership in the Group of Eight (G-8), which should consist of nations that can contribute to a civilized order. And if the Russians persist in this aggressive action, we should look into additional measures such as suspension from the World Trade Organization and even the United Nations Security Council.   The United States stands with Ukraine.
I am absolutely convinced we are going to repeal every single word of Obamacare.   LIKE if you are too! #FullRepeal
The comment period for the proposed IRS rules that stifle free speech may have ended, but the fight to #MakeDCListen is just beginning. Over 140,000 of you spoke up -- far surpassing the previous record number of comments for proposed federal regulations.
Luckily for these elementary students, this reading of Green Eggs and Ham didn't come with a 21 hour speech!
I'm filled with promise that we’re going to turn this country around.   How about you? #MakeDCListen
It is the singular honor of my life to be able to stand shoulder to shoulder with each of you and fight to #MakeDCListen.
Dear #TeaParty,  Thank you for your tireless efforts to keep the American Dream alive. Keep fighting to #MakeDCListen!
A moving letter from Venezuelan political prisoner Leopoldo Lopez to Pope Francis recalling the Cold War friendship of Lech Walesa and John Paul II:
Today I offered amendments to protect the American people from #IRS targeting.   Unfortunately, the Democrats unanimously opposed them: http://1.usa.gov/1eAw55c
Over 100,000 Americans have made their voices heard on proposed rules to allow the #IRS to stifle political speech. Have you?  Comments close at midnight tonight. Add yours: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Pleasure to sit down for Politico's #PlaybookBreakfast to discuss the latest in the fight to #MakeDCListen!
Just finished speaking with Sean Hannity. Hope you'll catch our discussion on Fox News tonight!
Today’s ruling by a federal judge, invalidating Texas’ ban on same-sex marriage, is a troubling display of judicial activism. Our Constitution leaves it to the States to define marriage, and unelected judges should not be substituting their own policy views for the reasoned judgments of the citizens of Texas, who adopted our marriage law directly by referendum. The court's decision undermines the institution of marriage, and I applaud Attorney General Abbott’s decision to appeal this ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.
The United States should do all it can to help the people of Venezuela as they choose a different path, a path of freedom and prosperity, that will return this one-time enemy to its traditional role of our partner and friend.   It would benefit them, it would benefit us and it would benefit the world.
Abuse of power for partisan ends is wrong — no matter who does it. #MakeDCListen
The IRS is considering rules to stifle the speech of the same groups it illegally targeted.   Speak out against it: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Two-thirds of Americans believe there should be continued congressional investigation of the #Benghazi attack.   Do you?
AG Holder encouraging states to follow his lawless lead and not defend state marriage laws enacted by duly elected representatives of the people.
It’ll be fun they said… #FullRepeal
SHARE if you agree the #IRS should not be used as a tool for partisan warfare!
Just days remain in the commenting period for a rule change that could allow the IRS to limit the free speech of the very same groups it illegally targeted.  Make your voice heard: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
The grim face of radical Islamic terrorism in Africa: 29 students murdered in Boko Haram attack in Nigeria.
Proud Austin's own Zello is giving a voice to opposition protestors in Venezuela:
Obamacare is inflicting real harms on real Americans. #FullRepeal
Even 178 years after William Barret Travis sent this letter from the Alamo, Texans “shall never surrender or retreat."
Must watch: Reason TV does a parody of the millions being forced into part-time work because of Obamacare. If only the reality were as funny…
An important victory against the blight of drug violence that has plagued Mexico and Texas:
Texas is a perfect fit for you, Sean Hannity!
What a great privilege to join the Texas State Rifle Association and celebrate their 95th anniversary!
Congratulations to Jordan Malone for helping take home the silver!
A Great American Energy Renaissance is now underway that we should embrace. It should be in the interest of every Republican, Democrat, Independent, and Libertarian to support the new energy revolution.
As opposition protests drag into their second week in Venezuela, President Nicolas Maduro is taking a page out of the Castro playbook to violently oppress Venezuelans who are demanding an end to his disastrous rule. Activists have been detained and abused, and even shot dead in the streets. Opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez, who has emerged as a powerful voice for economic and political freedom, has been arrested and faces the summary judgment of a makeshift kangaroo court. But the perseverance of the protestors in the face of these thuggish tactics suggests there are still many who do not accept the failed socialist policies of Hugo Chavez and his hand-picked successor as inevitable. Venezuela can and should be free and prosperous, not suffering under the withering blight of violent crime, rampant inflation and shortages of basic necessities—not to mention close allegiances to Iran and Cuba.  A year ago when Chavez died and Maduro became president in a highly-questionable election, the Obama administration missed an opportunity to support the opposition by encouraging the Organization of American States to step in and supervise a recount, opting instead for the illusory stability of the status quo. We should not miss another such opportunity to support those who would be our friends in Venezuela, and we should urge the OAS to dispatch a delegation to investigate the alleged human rights abuses of Maduro’s regime. We should press vigorously for the immediate and unconditional release of Mr. Lopez. And we should make it clear that the United States stands with those who are fighting for a brighter future in Venezuela.
America continues to stand in solidarity with those fighting for freedom in Ukraine.
We need a Great American Energy Renaissance to save us from the Obama Economy. #MakeDCListen
Thoughts and prayers for the friends, family, and loved ones of Texans caught up in the chaos in Ukraine:
Time to break this out again. "Affordable" Care Act to cost individuals and families hundreds each year: http://washex.am/1eamnpW #FullRepeal
There is a huge divide between career politicians of both parties in Washington and the American people. It’s time to #MakeDCListen.
The people of Ukraine need to know that the free world stands with them as they protest the actions of President Viktor Yanukovych designed to destroy their constitutional rights and drive their country into the sphere of influence of Vladimir Putin’s resurgent Russia.  For more than two months, protestors have refused to compromise their principles and braved not only terrible cold but also the increasingly draconian tactics Yanukovych has deployed to intimidate them.  In an attempt to break the resistance, more than two dozen have been killed and hundreds more injured in recent days.   The world cannot afford to be distracted by the Olympic festivities in Sochi as just next door liberty-seeking Ukrainians are brutalized by their own government.  A free and prosperous Ukraine is a natural partner for the United States and our European allies.  We should be defending our interests in Ukraine both by quickly imposing economic sanctions against the government officials responsible for human rights abuses and by offering mutually-beneficial economic cooperation in the event that real democratic reforms are implemented.  More than two decades ago, Ukraine finally threw off the yoke of Soviet domination and embarked on a path towards greater integration with the west.  Yanukovych has tried to reverse this progress and return the country to the old patterns of autocracy and oppression.  The United States should fulfill its historic tradition of speaking out forcefully on behalf of those who cry out for freedom and against those who would silence them.
We're on the verge of an American Energy Renaissance that can allow millions of families to achieve the American Dream -- if the government doesn't get in the way.
Spindletop. A place that reminds us of how entrepreneurs ushered in a new era of prosperity for Texas and America.
While the top concern amongst Americans continues to be a lack of jobs, the Obama Administration appears to be waging a war on them. #MakeDCListen
Welcome support from Hollywood to #SaveSaeed Abedini and Kenneth Bae.
Jobs are a top priority for Americans and President Obama's mandated wage hike will cost hundreds of thousands of them. #MakeDCListen
A proposed rule change could allow the IRS to limit the free speech of the very same groups it illegally targeted.  They're taking comments through Feb. 27. Add yours: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Five years after the stimulus, Americans say unemployment remains our top challenge.   It. Didn't. Work.
The US should stand with Israel against threats of BDS from "classical anti-Semites in modern garb."
Well, five years in, it looks like President Obama's stimulus did actually create jobs.  Unfortunately, they're all at the IRS and NSA.
A pleasure to join Sam Malone to congratulate him on one year with AM 1070 The Answer and discuss the importance of educating and activating grassroots America.
Terrific work of art by Steve Penley featured yesterday on Fox News in honor of Presidents' Day.
United States Senator Mike Lee is absolutely right. The Obama Administration's blatant disregard for the law -- especially what we've seen with Obamacare -- should trouble everyone.
LIKE if you're one of the 55%! #FullRepeal
The Obama Administration shouldn't prevent states from implementing their voter ID laws.
When I told Texans when I ran for office that I’m going to fight with every ounce of strength I have to try to pull this country back from this fiscal and economic cliff, I wasn’t lying to them.   I meant it. 
We must protect the rights of citizens of the states to define marriage and not have the definition dictated by the federal government.
The #DebtCeiling provides critical junctures to take action to promote fiscal accountability.
Proud to work with United States Senator Mike Lee to introduce the State Marriage Defense Act to safeguard the ability of states to preserve traditional marriage for its residents.
#FullRepeal looks better and better.
In light of the #IRS targeting scandal, the last thing we should do is give the IRS more power to suppress speech. 
Sorry, California.
Today's vote is yet another example that establishment politicians from both parties are simply not listening to the American people.  Outside the beltway, Americans of all political stripes understand that we cannot keep spending money we don't have.   Some members of Congress care so much about being praised by the Washington media that they're willing to mortgage our children's future. They pretend we don't have a problem and can just kick the can down the road.  Let's be clear about the motive behind this vote -- there are too many members of Congress who think they can fool people and they will forget about it the next week. But sometimes, come November, the people remember.
Let's not allow the federal government to get in the way of an American Energy Renaissance!
Read and share the Obamacare news of the day. #FullRepeal
In the State of the Union Address, Democrats applauded when President Obama praised diplomatic achievements in Syria.  Yesterday the President admitted diplomacy was failing.   Which is it?
When even liberals admit they are getting sick of defending Obamacare... it may be time for a #FullRepeal
If you ask anybody outside of Washington whether we should keep increasing the debt ceiling without fixing the underlying problem of out-of-control spending, the answer is ‘of course not.’ This answer cuts across party lines and ideology—outside the Beltway, Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and Libertarians all agree that living within your means is basic common sense. And yet Washington is not listening to the American people.  Under President Obama, our national debt has increased from $10 trillion to $17 trillion, and now the President is asking for yet another blank check to keep increasing our debt without doing anything to reform Washington’s spending problem. This is wrong, and it’s irresponsible. Our parents didn’t do this to us, and we shouldn’t do it to our kids and grandkids.  Historically, the debt ceiling has proven the most effective leverage for reining in spending; 28 times, Congress has attached meaningful conditions to debt ceiling increases. We should do so again to address the real problem. I intend to object to any effort to raise the debt ceiling on a 50-vote threshold. I will insist instead on a 60-vote threshold, and if Republicans stand together we can demand meaningful spending restraint to help pull our nation back from the fiscal and economic cliff.
We have the potential to create millions of high-paying jobs, jobs which are the top priority for Americans ... if only the federal government doesn't stand in the way. 
Powerful video -- celebrities making the case that EVERY child deserves an opportunity for an excellent education. Enough excuses. We need #SchoolChoice now: http://bit.ly/MIAFrF
We have an incredible opportunity with energy to produce millions of new jobs. Let's not allow government to get in the way.
We have an American Energy Renaissance blossoming right in front of us, yet this Administration is consistently acting to stifle it.
Thoughts and prayers to the family and friends of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry, whose killer was just was sentenced to 30 years.   To date, there’s been very little accountability at the Department of Justice for the botched #FastandFurious operation that led to Terry's death.
If President Obama likes his health care law, why won't he keep it? #FullRepeal
We stand at the edge of an energy revolution that could sweep the nation, providing an untold number of new opportunities and well-paying jobs. There is only one thing that will stop us from embracing it to its full potential: the federal government.
The Las Vegas Review-Journal on bipartisan opposition to Obamacare: "unions are feeling a killer case of buyer’s remorse.” #FullRepeal
More lawless actions on Obamacare appear to be on the way. #FullRepeal
The IRS targeting scandal is real. And we need a truly independent special prosecutor to lead an investigation to hold those responsible accountable.
Best of luck to the Texans in Sochi. Bring home the gold! http://instagram.com/p/kH3w_SuNhc/
More disappointing jobs numbers today as a result of the President’s failed economic agenda. We need to reduce taxes and regulations and increase energy production to bring back economic growth and jobs.
The EPA: lead actor and attack dog in the Obama Administration's assault on Texas:
NA
I commend President Obama for mentioning, by name, Pastor Saeed Abedini and Kenneth Bae at the Prayer Breakfast this morning. There are many things on which we disagree, but the cruel imprisonment of a American citizens by the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea for the profession of their Christian faith is not one of them. We all pray for their swift release, and I hope the President’s administration follows through and sends a clear message that the United States condemns this unlawful detention of one of our citizens and will raise the issue clearly and emphatically at every opportunity.
Catherine Engelbrecht of True The Vote testified on Capitol Hill today about her experience with IRS targeting. We need a truly independent special prosecutor to investigate the IRS’s illegal targeting of conservative groups so we can hold those responsible accountable.  Watch and SHARE:
Unemployed Americans badly need jobs and a booming economy. Today, as a direct result of President Obama's failed economic agenda, millions are hurting and we have the lowest labor-force participation since 1978.  Unfortunately, President Obama and Senate Democrats refuse to do anything to address the underlying problem: crushing taxes and regulations from Washington that have killed growth and produced economic stagnation.  Instead of continually extending unemployment benefits, we should instead work together to bring back economic growth and jobs. We should repeal Obamacare, which is costing millions of jobs across the country. We should expand energy production and build the Keystone pipeline, which together would create millions more high-paying jobs. We should stop abusive regulations that are hammering small businesses. And we should reform our tax system, to spur new investment and risk-taking in the economy of tomorrow.
Lifting sanctions and allowing billions in Iran while encouraging boycotts against our friend and ally Israel is exactly backwards.
#TBT to the first State of the Union Address by the Gipper. Today we celebrate the 64th anniversary of the 39th birthday of a man who could unite a nation with his humor.   Happy birthday, President Reagan!
Right now there's an arrogance in the abuse of power by the Obama Administration and the assault it is waging on Texas.
If "[p]ublic trust is the IRS' most valuable asset," we're in trouble...
Obamacare: A scheme for wealth redistribution or for wealth destruction? #FullRepeal  Must read:
The Obama Administration is trying to do through regulatory fiat what it was unable to legally do before: limit the First Amendment rights of Americans. Speak out: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
UNREAL: The New York Times is now actually arguing that it is a GOOD thing that Obamacare will reduce full-time workers by 2.5 million... #FullRepeal
Enjoyed joining Leadership Institute for breakfast this morning. Together we're fighting to restore the Constitution and defend liberty!
President Obama’s claims on U.S. foreign policy belong in the realm of fantasy.
Agriculture is essential to the Texas economy and to our nation, and I am proud to support our farmers and ranchers as they feed America and the world.  Unfortunately, this bill is not really a Farm Bill, it’s a Food Stamps bill with some farm provisions. Instead of locking people into an endless cycle of dependence, we should be focused on making it easier for people to stand on their own feet by getting this weak economy booming. That’s the American Dream.  We should address the true needs of American farmers, but this bill doesn’t do that. Instead, it discards most of the positive reforms in the House bill, and it spends $352 billion more than the last Farm Bill.
The Obama Administration’s abuse of power ought to concern everyone:
Q: What would you call it if you took jobs away from nearly the entire population of Nevada?   A: What Obamacare is doing to our nation’s workforce. #FullRepeal
If a President can pick and choose which laws to follow, he is no longer a President. And that is dangerous.
Texas must constantly defend itself against President Obama’s expansive view of federal power.
70 years ago, the "Four Chaplains" Rev. George Fox (Methodist), Rabbi Alexander Goode, Father John P. Washington (Roman Catholic) and Rev. Clark V. Poling (Dutch Reformed), gave their lives that others may live.  Today we remember their heroic sacrifice that represents the selfless valor of our military chaplains: http://bit.ly/MUadfB   The new plaque at the Mt. Soledad monument is a fitting memorial:
Obamacare News of the Day: February 3, 2014
Senator Jim Inhofe calls the terrorist attack in #Benghazi our nation's "greatest cover-up." We need a Joint Select Committee to find out the truth.
If the President wants to convince us that there’s "not even a smidgen of corruption” behind the IRS’s targeting of conservatives, I hope he’ll join our call for a truly independent special prosecutor — one that's not a major partisan donor of his — to lead the investigation:
Sound familiar? Citing promises that failed to pan out, one of the President's key allies, the unions, are souring quickly on Obamacare. #FullRepeal
On Tuesday, February 4, our San Antonio Regional Director, Michael Koerner, will visit Hondo to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:30 pm - 4:00 pm Medina County Courthouse 1100 16th St. Hondo, Texas 78861
On Tuesday, February 4, our San Antonio Regional Director, Michael Koerner, will visit Natalia to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 am - 12:30 pm Natalia City Hall 2078 Texas 132 Natalia, Texas 78059
On Wednesday, February 5, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Columbus to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:00 pm - 3:00 pm Colorado County Service Facility-Conference Room 305 Radio Ln Columbus, TX 78934
On Wednesday, February 5, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Bellville to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:30 am - 11:30 am Austin County Courthouse 1 East Main Bellville, TX 77418
On Tuesday, February 4, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Tomball to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:30 am - 11:30 am Greater Tomball Area Chamber of Commerce 29201 Quinn Rd. Suite B Tomball, TX 77375
On Monday, February 3, our Southeast Texas Regional Director, David Sawyer, will visit Hempstead to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:00 pm -­ 3:00 pm Commissioner's Courtroom 836 Austin St. Hempstead, TX 77445
On Wednesday, February 5, our Fort Worth Regional Director, Raz Shafer, will visit Granbury to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 am - 11:00 am Hood Co. Justice Center  Central Jury Room 1200 W. Pearl Street Granbury, TX 76048
On Tuesday, February 4, our Fort Worth Regional Director, Raz Shafer, will visit Eastland to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  1:00 pm -4:00 pm Judge Scott Bailey Events Center 100 W. Main Street Eastland, TX 76448
On Tuesday, February 4, our Fort Worth Regional Director, Raz Shafer, will visit Brownwood to host a "Community Conversations" event. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  8:30 am - 11:00 am Brownwood Chamber of Commerce Board Room 600 E. Depot Street Brownwood, TX 76801
On Tuesday, February 4, our Dallas Regional Director, Bruce Redden, will visit Greenville to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 a.m. ­& 11:00 a.m. Greenville Chamber of Commerce 2713 Stonewall Street Greenville, TX 75403
On Wednesday, February 5, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Kilgore to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  12:00 p.m. ­& 4:00 p.m. Country Tavern Texas 31 Kilgore, Texas 75662
On Wednesday, February 5, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Henderson to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 a.m. ­& 11:00 a.m. The Depot Museum 514 N. High St.   Henderson, Texas  75652
On Tuesday February 4, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Texarkana to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  10:00 a.m. ­& 12:00 p.m. Ark-Tex COG 4808 Elizabeth St. Texarkana, Texas 75503
On Monday, February 3, our East Texas Regional Director, Jason Wright, will visit Marshall to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  9:00 a.m. ­& 11:00 a.m. Chamber of Commerce 208 E Burleson St. Marshall, Texas 75670
On Wednesday, February 5, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Brady to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  3:30 p.m. ­& 5:30 p.m. Brady Chamber of Commerce 101 East 1st Street Brady, TX 76825
On Wednesday, February 5, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Mason to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  11:30 a.m. ­& 1:30 p.m.  Mason Chamber of Commerce 108 Ft McKavitt Street Mason, TX 76856
On Tuesday, February 4, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Fredericksburg to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  2:30 p.m. ­& 4:30 p.m. Fredericksburg Chamber of Commerce 302 East Austin Fredericksburg, TX 78624
On Tuesday, February 4, our Central Texas Regional Director, Kenneth Depew, will visit Kerrville to host Community Conversations" events. This is a chance for you to ask questions, voice your concerns and opinions, and receive updates from our office. Meetings will be held on a first-come, first-serve basis.  Hope you'll join us!  11:00 a.m. & 1:00 p.m.  Kerrville Chamber of Commerce 1700 Sydney Baker Kerrville, TX 78208
One year ago we lost a true American Hero #RIPChrisKyle
The Imperial Presidency of Barack Obama: http://1.usa.gov/1fz9uu6
Every single child in America deserves an opportunity. We want #SchoolChoice, and we want it now! #SCW
With the State Department report today, President Obama should approve the Keystone XL pipeline construction and the thousands of good paying jobs that will come with it.
Secretary Sebelius’ visit to Dallas won’t do anything to make up for the fact that millions of Texans and Americans are hurting as a result of Obamacare. Premiums are rising, millions are losing their health insurance and their doctors, small businesses are reluctant to hire, and workers’ hours are being cut.   To help the American people, we need a full repeal of Obamacare — not another sales pitch.
"We will never forget them, nor the last time we saw them ... as they prepared for their journey and waved goodbye and 'slipped the surly bonds of earth' to 'touch the face of God.'"  President Reagan spoke those words hours after the Challenger disaster just over 28 years ago. They ring just as true today as NASA marks a 'Day of Remembrance' for all our fallen astronauts from the Apollo 1 fire, the Challenger explosion, and the Columbia disaster. As we pay tribute today to those American heroes who paid the ultimate price while serving our nation, I commend President Reagan's timeless address to you:
Telling: Obamacare's unpopularity is on the rise with the very Americans it was supposed to help -- the uninsured. #FullRepeal
Amnesty is wrong in any circumstance.
Is the Department of Justice taking the investigation of IRS targeting of conservatives seriously?  Watch and SHARE!
I am pleased that Attorney General Holder has decided to seek the death penalty in the case against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. It is crucial that the United States send a message across the world that terrorists who seek to attack our homeland and bring harm to our citizens will be brought to justice and receive the severest punishment under our laws. My continued prayers are with the victims impacted by the attack at the Boston Marathon last year.
Tragic: Video of employees at a Pennsylvania company learning what Obamacare will mean for their health care costs. #FullRepeal
What state has led the nation in job growth for four straight years?   Texas. Washington should take notes. #MakeDCListen
One by one, the architects of Obamacare are retiring from Congress. #FullRepeal
If we're standing to defend the Constitution, that brings together Republicans across every stripe, whether they are conservatives or libertarians or right in the middle -- that brings together independents and moderates.
This President is the first we’ve ever seen who claims to have the authority to just change the law unilaterally.
Do you think there’s a conflict of interest in a major Democrat donor leading the investigation into the IRS’s targeting of conservatives?  Attorney General Holder doesn’t. WATCH:
Alan Gross should be released unconditionally. Appeasement is not the way to deal with the Castros.
In yesterday's #SOTU President Obama dodged our questions.   SHARE if you want answers! http://1.usa.gov/1k7RKXR #MakeDCListen
I'll have the opportunity to ask Attorney General Eric Holder a few questions today in the Senate Judiciary Committee.  COMMENT BELOW: If you could ask him one question, what would it be?
Glad to see the House of Representatives passed H.R. 7, the "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act," yesterday afternoon.   Senator Harry Reid -- let's schedule a vote in the Senate! #Stand4Life
Republican or Democrat, everyone should be concerned about unchecked power in the presidency because it is fundamentally a threat to liberty.
Impromptu thoughts after tonight’s #SOTU:
Of all the troubling aspects of the Obama presidency, none is more dangerous than the president's persistent pattern of lawlessness, his willingness to disregard the written law and instead enforce his own policies via executive fiat.
In #SOTU tonight, will President Obama apologize to the millions of Americans who have lost their health insurance because of Obamacare? http://1.usa.gov/1aFlET1
Proud to join Sen. John Cornyn, United States Senator Mike Lee, and Senator David Vitter in filing an amicus brief today in support of the challenge by Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood Specialties against Obamacare’s contraception mandate.
Think about this, to extend insurance to 330,000 people who didn't have it, President Obama and his Administration have screwed up the health care for potentially tens or hundreds of millions of Americans. It doesn't make any sense.
Sitting down with Greta Van Susteren. Catch it on Fox News tonight at 6pm CT!
Today, the world pauses on Holocaust Remembrance Day to remember the pure evil that engulfed the world more than 69 years ago as we celebrate the solemn anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in Poland on January 27, 1945.  The Nazis built over 42,500 concentration camps all over Europe, which were used to systematically murder as many as 20 million people, 6 million of them Jews.These camps were specifically designed for mass imprisonment, torture, starvation, and death. Auschwitz-Birkenau served as one of the largest concentration camps that Hitler used in an attempt to implement the “Final Solution,” his plan to exterminate the Jewish people.  We must never forget these horrific atrocities, and let us take a moment to pray for the families who have suffered so brutally in this affront to humanity.  As we remember the victims of the Holocaust this year, the words “never forget” have a special meaning. We must recognize another brutal regime is threatening the destruction of the Jewish people and the West—once again. We must learn the hard lessons of World War II, recognize the true motivations of the Iranian regime, and unequivocally stand with our allies to ensure they never build the most destructive weapon the world has ever known.  Never forget, and never again.
In his #SOTU address, President Obama should apologize to the millions of Americans who've lost their health care plans because of Obamacare.
Sharing with Gretchen Carlson why President Obama should apologize to the American people in #SOTU tomorrow.
SHARE if you agree the people deserve to know why four Americans perished in a preventable terrorist attack in Benghazi. http://1.usa.gov/1eaN16h #SOTU
One thing President Obama really ought to say tomorrow in his #SOTU?   This:
If you tuned in to Face the Nation this morning, our conversation about the Obama Administration's abuses of power wasn't aired. Watch and SHARE it here:
In my view, school choice is the civil rights issue of the 21st century. Every child in America deserves a fair chance at a quality education.
Comment YES if you think he should! #SOTU
Funny take by Jimmy Fallon and Mitt Romney on if President Obama will address concerns about the federal government's privacy violations and Obamacare's colossal failures in #SOTU address.   Watch and share!
The IRS is currently considering new rules to limit the free speech of the very same groups it illegally targeted. The IRS is required to accept and publish comments from the public. 
 
 Sound off here: http://www.cruz.senate.gov/irs/
Will the President recognize that his economic policies have failed to create the millions of jobs that he promised and have, instead, reduced the labor force participation rate to its lowest level in decades?  Will he commit to commonsense, job-creating policies such as the immediate authorization of the Keystone Pipeline, a moratorium on new regulations, and fundamental tax reform for every American?
2/3 Americans think the federal government is too big and too powerful.   I think they're on to something -- SHARE if you do too! #MakeDCListen
A year ago Hillary Clinton asked "What difference does it make?" who attacked our people in Benghazi.  Now we know it was a preventable attack by al Qaida terrorists.  That makes a big difference.  Let's not wait another year before finding out why our government lied when they told us it was a spontaneous protest of an internet video.
In eight months there's not been a single indictment for the IRS’s illegal targeting of conservative groups: 
Over the past few days, at least three members of the political opposition have been either shot or beaten to death by forces under the control of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych for protesting his new restrictions on the freedoms of speech and assembly that had previously been guaranteed by their country's constitution.   The tragic loss of life in Kiev is a further demonstration that Yanukovych has abandoned the democratic principles on which that constitution is founded. Deplorable violence against the peaceful protests of Yanukovych’s unilateral decision to reject a popular trade agreement with the European Union and instead embrace closer ties with Vladimir Putin’s Russia has already occurred on November 30, December 1 and December 11, 2013. Now this grim pattern is repeating itself.   The United States must not turn a blind eye to the struggle for freedom in a country where we have such a clear strategic interest. Putin’s proposed Eurasian Customs Union, of which Ukraine would be a cornerstone, is a thinly veiled attempt to re-assimilate the territory of "greater Russia" that made up the old Soviet Union. His offer of economic assistance is a first step in binding Ukraine to this new bloc. Given Ukraine’s economic and security significance to both the U.S. and our NATO allies in western Europe it would be a mistake to allow this expansion of Russia’s sphere of interest, especially given the tenacity with which Ukrainians have fought against it in recent months.   The President and Congress should unite in a coherent and sustained program to support the opposition and encourage Yanukovych to both rescind his restrictions on the rights of the Ukrainian people and renounce violence against those engaged in protest. I was pleased to co-sponsor Senate Resolution 319 introduced by Senator Chris Murphy on December 12, 2013, which includes the important clause: “in the event of further state violence against peaceful protestors, the President and Congress should consider whether to apply targeted sanctions, including visa bans and asset freezes, against individuals responsible for ordering or carrying out the violence.” The Department of State should be commended for implementing visa bans against Ukrainian officials this week. We should follow-up swiftly with targeted economic sanctions as well, including freezing the assets of those responsible for the violence.   The people of Ukraine should know that the United States stands with them during this difficult time.
Will the President act to ensure that the privacy of law-abiding citizens is protected from unjustifiable violations by arms of the federal government such as the NSA, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Internal Revenue Service, and Department of Health and Human Services?
The machinery of government shouldn’t be used against the citizenry or the President’s perceived political opponents. #IRS 
The IRS should not be targeting the political free speech of American citizens. SHARE if you agree! 
The IRS is promulgating new rules that would silence the same groups it illegally targeted. Speak out against it:
#TrickleDownLawlessness: Virginia Attorney General sees law he doesn't like, so he decides not to enforce it:
Must watch and share: Brit Hume makes a powerful case for defending life. #Stand4Life
The #IRS targeted conservatives, now they want to silence conservatives! Help stop it:
#MakeDCListen
Americans all over the nation are asking questions about the economy, Obamacare, the IRS, Benghazi, and the NSA that aren’t being answered. However, as the President prepares his State of the Union address, he has signaled he has no intention of clearing the air.  The lack of accountability in Washington is creating a crisis of confidence in this country, and under President Obama, trust in government is approaching record lows. It no longer seems like Washington is protecting America. Washington is protecting Washington. These are the questions I hear when I’m home in Texas, and these are the questions the President should answer in order to restore credibility with the people. The State of the Union will be stronger for it.
Today, thousands of people march to the Supreme Court with heavy hearts. It is a solemn ritual, one that reminds us of the tragic loss of over 56 million unborn lives.   Fifty-six million boys and girls who never drew a breath of air. Poets and inventors, doctors and athletes, explorers and musicians, the world is far the poorer for their loss.   Every human life is a precious gift from God, and our law should protect innocent human life. Yet 41 years ago, the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade decision overturned the Texas law that prohibited abortion on demand.   As we mourn the loss of millions of souls, we also commemorate the good work that citizens continue to do to fervently defend life. Beyond the thousands of marchers in Washington today, countless individuals are devoted to affirming life, to promoting adoption and to helping provide comfort and aid to new mothers in distress. Their efforts have continued to make significant steps towards valuing the dignity of each human life.   This past year, we saw the horror of late-term abortionist Kermit Gosnell, who was convicted of deliberately killing babies already born. The tragedy of that case can never be undone, but the fact that he was found guilty by a jury of his peers in Philadelphia is a small step towards basic human decency.   In time, we can all hope that we can come together and create a culture of life, where every human life is protected, cherished, and respected.
Check out and SHARE The March for Life's Storify for #WhyWeMarch in DC today:
Opposition to the Obama Administration's lawlessness isn't limited to just one side of the political spectrum:
I thank my friend Tom Coburn for his selfless service, and I pray God's most abundant blessings on his future. When I ran for the Senate, he was one of my very first supporters. For that, and everything else, I am deeply grateful. I look forward to working with and continuing to learn from him in the coming year.   Washington has not been the same since he arrived, and it certainly will not be the same when he leaves.
The more Americans find out about Obamacare, the lower President Obama's approval rating drops.
With March for Life this Wednesday, a beautiful op-ed that makes a simple but powerful argument: choose adoption not abortion. #Stand4Life
Prayers for the immediate release of North Korean prisoner #103 Kenneth Bae: The Lord works righteousness and justice for all the oppressed. Psalm 103:6
Last August, we marked the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King’s “I Have a Dream" speech. Today we celebrate, remember, and redouble our commitment to expand that dream to each and every American.
There's a reason people flock from states like New York to states like Texas. We welcome everyone who values life, faith, freedom, and opportunity http://bit.ly/1agYsKz
Israel announces development of "Iron Beam." Another important advance in their missile defense shield.
WSJ: "It's IRS targeting all over again, only this time by administration design and with the raw political goal." #AbolishTheIRS
We need to see the details, but it's an excellent development that the President says he intends to end the government's bulk collection of phone metadata for millions of law-abiding Americans. The federal government must respect the constitutional rights of every American. Our intelligence community is to be praised when it protects our security within the bounds of our Constitution, but I remain deeply concerned that even with our massive surveillance apparatus, we too often fail to connect the dots—and so fail to prevent—terrorist attacks from Fort Hood to Benghazi to Boston.   We would do better to focus our efforts squarely on those who are most likely to attack us and less on the activities of law-abiding Americans. We must always be vigilant to protect our nation’s security, and we should not limit those efforts simply because we have greater intelligence capabilities than other countries.
Enjoyed joining the Fort Worth Chamber today to discuss how we stop Obamacare's very real harms that are hammering small businesses and stifling job creation.
Income inequality is increasing and what have the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Democrats done to protect Americans from Obamacare?   The answer is simple. Nothing.
Yet another reason not to send US tax dollars to UNESCO: Under pressure from Arab nations, exhibition delayed for being too pro-Israel.
I'm concerned that the sweep of the NSA's surveillance has been far too broad with respect to law-abiding citizens.
We should defund Obamacare and focus our tax dollars on priorities that help Americans, such as restoring full funding for military pensions for the men and women who protect us.
What have the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Democrats done to protect Americans from Obamacare? 
 
 NOTHING!
Thanks to Senator Mark Kirk for sharing this. How do you make a very, very bad deal with #Iran worse?  Make it a SECRET very, very bad deal!
In Texas we take #RememberTheAlamo seriously!
#ThrowbackThursday to President Obama on the campaign trail calling a national debt of $9 trillion unpatriotic. It’s now over $17 trillion. #TBT
More evidence that Ronald Reagan was on to something when he said the most terrifying words in the English language were "I'm from the government, and I'm here to help."
Senate Intelligence Committee report charges #Benghazi attack could have been prevented and that the Obama administration willfully used bad intelligence in initially blaming it on spontaneous protests.
The President is talking about income inequality in America, but there is no greater gap than between the politicians in Washington who spend with abandon and the American people who are struggling to make ends meet and are forced to pay for it all. Today’s vote on the Continuing Resolution moves us one step closer to the 1,500-page, $1 trillion omnibus bill that does nothing to restore economic growth, stop Obamacare, or fix our spending problem. If anyone wants to know why the nation is in fiscal trouble, look no further than the massive omnibus bill being jammed through Congress currently.
Pretty funny take from Jimmy Kimmel on Obamacare's disappointing youth enrollment numbers. Check it out:
I'm concerned that the focus of government surveillance programs has been far too much on law-abiding citizens and far too little on people for whom we have significant reason to believe there may be a real danger of terrorism.
NSA snooping, the Obamacare disaster, and a struggling economy are leaving young Americans disillusioned with President Obama and the Democrats.
Does the White House want to close #Gitmo more than it wants to keep terrorists and their accomplices locked up?
"Iran Celebrates American 'Surrender'; Obama Says 'Give Peace A Chance’"
Just wrong: the doctor who helped us catch Osama is locked up and his bodyguard is being cleared for release. #Gitmo
#RegulationNation
If Obamacare has Capitol Hill staff worried, how should the American people feel? #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
To be fair, "stuff-burger” might be one of the nicer things I've said about the "if you like your plan you can keep your plan" lie. #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
Thrilled to welcome Paul Teller as our new deputy chief of staff.  Paul’s many years of experience working in Congress and his tireless work to advance conservative principles make him a tremendous addition to our team. I look forward to working with him to keep making Texans’ voices heard in Washington and to promote a positive policy agenda that will restore economic growth, rein in government overreach, and protect Americans’ personal liberties.
If you think Obamacare is bad (and it is), it's about to get worse. #FullRepeal
Prayers this Sunday for Syria's beleaguered Christians:
Congress is failing in its job when it doesn't resist against the President usurping power. #MakeDCListen
"The story of Ariel Sharon’s life was very much the story of the state of Israel from his birth in Kfar Malal twenty years before Israel was established, to fighting in the Six Days war of 1967, to his service as Prime Minister from 2001-06. He experienced enormous struggle and adversity, but persevered in the defense of the nation he loved. Israel has lost a great warrior and the United States has lost a great friend. May he rest in peace."
We are a nation of laws and not men. If we had a system where a president can pick and choose what laws to follow at utter whim … that is seriously dangerous. #MakeDCListen
Hope you'll watch and SHARE! Video from this morning's Texas Public Policy Foundation 2014 Policy Orientation. #PO2014
Sen. Menendez' op-ed on new Iran sanctions points out Iranian bad faith since the JPA was reached. #VeryVeryBadDeal
A great pleasure to join Texas Public Policy Foundation's 2014 Policy Orientation to discuss some of the great challenges facing our nation. 
 
 Obamacare is an illustration of this Administration's lawlessness at breathtaking scale. We need a #FullRepeal!
Today's jobs numbers show that out-of-control government spending, debt, taxes, and regulations are stifling job creation. America doesn't need "Promise Zones" -- America needs jobs.
It's altogether fitting that President Obama is today talking about income inequality because income inequality has increased dramatically as a direct result of his economic policies. Out-of-control government spending, debt, taxes, and regulations have killed millions of jobs. Unfortunately, rather than stop Washington's job-killing policies, President Obama proposes yet more government spending and debt. People need jobs. All of America needs to be a real 'Promise Zone'--with reduced barriers to small businesses creating private-sector jobs--and we should start by repealing every word of Obamacare, building the Keystone pipeline, abolishing the IRS, and rolling back abusive regulations.
Ladies and gentlemen, the #ConstitutionalCorroborators #TBT
The United States should always negotiate from a position of strength, not weakness. Unfortunately, the deal we struck with Iran in November compromises our strength, and will free substantial economic relief to Iran with virtually no concessions.  Now we are essentially investing in a nation that openly promotes the annihilation of Israel and has innocent Americans imprisoned under deplorable conditions, while having no assurance that Iran will take any meaningful steps to pause their efforts to acquire nuclear weapons. The United States must cease any further negotiations until Iran agrees to these reasonable concessions.
The President should not be able to make any treaty — and Congress should not be able to implement any treaty — in a way that displaces the sovereignty reserved to the states or to the people.
Bond v. United States, soon to be decided by the United States Supreme Court, serves as a critical test on whether the treaty power can be used as a loophole to jettison the very real limits on the federal government's authority.
The biggest political divide isn’t between republicans and democrats, but between career politicians in Washington and the American people. #MakeDCListen
Yet more confirmation that, with determination and fearlessness, we can do anything:  here's another video of 5-year-old Caroline rocketing down the ski slopes.  Three days earlier, she had never skied in her life!
Precious video of Caroline and Catherine skiing--for the very first time--over Christmas.  They’ll be conquering black diamonds before long!
Interesting. Number of Illinoisans signing up for concealed carry permits far outpaces number enrolling in Obamacare.
Happy birthday to my good friend Senator Rand Paul!   I hope as a present, we can finally #AuditTheFed!
This is progress. Federal judge, nominated by President Obama, finds Chicago’s handgun sales ban unconstitutional.
We’re five years into the Federal Reserve’s quantitative easing program, and the economy is stuck in malaise. Printing money by the trillions is dangerous, and working people need real economic growth to get their lives back on track.  Janet Yellen has said she intends to continue current Fed policy, which may help Wall Street but is leaving Main Street with higher prices for gas and food, near-zero interest rates for savers, and stagnation for small businesses that aren’t growing or hiring. Meanwhile, workers' wages remain depressed and most households haven’t recouped their lost wealth from the recession.   I'm also troubled that Ms. Yellen continues to oppose full transparency at the Fed--we need to audit the Fed now, so the American people can fully understand the scope and consequences of its recent extraordinary policies.   For these reasons, I cannot support her nomination.
#AuditTheFed
Yet another terrible Obamacare side effect: penalizing volunteer firefighters. #FullRepeal
“ObamaCare has delivered another sucker punch to the middle class. This time it's sticker shock.” #FullRepeal
#MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
Pretty much. #FullRepeal
After seeing concealed carry in action, Detroit Police Chief confirms that a law-abiding, armed citizenry does deter crime and save lives.
Sen. Sanders asks a good question millions of Americans would like the answer to: Are any law-abiding citizens safe from NSA spying?
Devastating story that highlights the very real harms resulting from Obamacare and why the fight to stop it is so important.
Wow, what a year. I cannot thank you enough for your support, encouragement, and efforts speaking out to #MakeDCListen. Together we accomplished a lot in 2013 (http://bit.ly/Ko9KjT), but here's to an even better 2014!
Welcome to Texas, Magpul Industries Corp.!
Attorneys General from across the United States urge the Obama Administration to stop its lawless actions on Obamacare. We highlighted some of them here: http://1.usa.gov/1buTAyn
Deadly serious consequences of this Administration's pattern of lawless behavior #FastandFurious
55 years of a failed communist dictatorship is enough. Let's hope the "subversive campaign" for freedom succeeds at last in 2014.
SHARE if you agree we need a #FullRepeal of Obamacare! http://herit.ag/1dqZwtF
Good ruling for religious liberty to start off 2014.
It's the final day of 2013. Are you making any New Year's resolutions for 2014?
Coming in 2014: http://bit.ly/1c68Lyd #FullRepeal
While we enjoy the holidays with our families we can reflect with gratitude on those brave Americans who risked life and limb to cross the Delaware with General Washington 237 years ago today.  Their heroism won the freedom we enjoy today, and we owe it to their memory to defend it.
The Obama Administration chose to shut down the government rather than defund/delay Obamacare just a couple months ago. Yet, here we are. #MakeDCListen
Today I voted against the National Defense Authorization Act. I am deeply concerned that Congress still has not prohibited President Obama’s ability to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens arrested on American soil without trial or due process.  The Constitution does not allow President Obama, or any President, to apprehend an American citizen, arrested on U.S. soil, and detain these citizens indefinitely without a trial. When I ran for office, I promised the people of Texas I would oppose any National Defense Authorization Act that did not explicitly prohibit the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens. Although this legislation does contain several positive provisions that I support, it does not ensure our most basic rights as American citizens are protected.  I hope that next year the Senate and the House can come together in a bipartisan way to recognize the importance of our constitutional rights even in the face of ongoing terrorist threats and national security challenges. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee toward this common goal.
Obamacare isn’t working. If politicians in both parties would have listened to the American people, this train wreck could have been avoided. #MakeDCListen
There are far too many people in Washington who are not listening to the American people -- who are not responding to the very real harms Obamacare is causing. #FullRepeal #MakeDCListen
Odd. I don’t recall increased costs for insurance being part of the Obamacare sales pitch — do you?  #FullRepeal
Another important step towards the bright energy future for North America.
Today the Senate voted to end debate on a bad budget bill that spends more, taxes more, and funds Obamacare, with no Republican amendments and no input from Senate Republicans.   This is more of the same DC dealmaking that doesn't fix our problems or help the people.
Major victory for religious liberty. Federal judge rules that religious institutions cannot be forced to violate their faith by Obamacare.
Way cool: recently had the chance to tour Lockheed Martin’s fantastic facility in Fort Worth and leave a special note on an F-35.
Santa is in luck -- Al Gore's prediction that the North Pole would be ice-free by now never came to pass.
It was an honor to welcome Naghmeh Abedini to Washington today. Her faith in the face of her husband Saeed's cruel persecution in Iran is an inspiration. #FreeSaeed
The new budget deal moves in the wrong direction: it spends more, taxes more, and allows continued funding for Obamacare. I cannot support it.  Under the sequester, Congress took a small step forward by reducing spending by 2.4 percent. We should increase that number while protecting the military from disproportionate cuts.   Instead, this proposal undoes the sequester's modest reforms and pushes us two steps back, deeper into debt. Supporters of this plan are asking for more spending now in exchange for minor changes that may possibly reduce spending later. That may be a fine deal for Washington, but it’s not for the American people.
Why millions of Americans now have to #GetCovered:
Another victim of Obamacare — your local volunteer fire department.   Obamacare isn’t working, it is hurting millions of Americans, and it is time for a #FullRepeal.
The latest enrollment numbers confirm Obamacare has cancelled insurance for millions more Americans than it has been able to provide insurance. #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
Watch and SHARE: Greta Van Susteren discusses our report on the lawless and abusive implementation of Obamacare.  You can read the report here: http://1.usa.gov/1buTAyn
A moving tribute to the life and legacy of former South African President Nelson Mandela. Here's the program from the #MandelaMemorial.
Obamacare architect: If you like your doctor, pay more: http://bit.ly/1hGF0ZD 
 
 I don’t recall the pitch going like this:
California's Obamacare exchange is handing over information to insurance companies without user consent. #FullRepeal
On this day 72 years ago, thousands of Americans lost their lives or were injured in the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor -- an act of aggression that compelled the United States to defend itself and enter World War II. The greatest generation answered the call and responded heroically, as many have before and continue to do after.
 
 Today, we honor the sacrifice of those men and women who lost their lives on that date that continues to live in infamy, and all those who wear the uniform of the United States so that we may be free.
A majority of young Americans expect Obamacare will be repealed next year.  LIKE to see that happen? #FullRepeal
Rasmussen reports that 81% of Americans think Obamacare should be repealed or changed. What say you?
If President Obama wants to improve income inequality, we should repeal the nation's biggest job-killer: Obamacare. #FullRepeal
Merry Christmas! The Capitol Christmas Tree is lit up!
Tremendously humbled to lay a wreath at the Central Texas State Veterans Cemetery today to pay tribute to the men and women from Fort Hood who gave their lives serving our country in Iraq and Afghanistan.
President Obama didn't promise a website. He promised we could keep our plans and our doctors and we’d pay less. That's not happening.
A faulty website is but one symptom of Obamacare. Others include increased premiums, cancelled plans and decreased access to your doctor.   A cure is available though: #FullRepeal
Today, we celebrate the blessings of a people dedicated to liberty.
 
 Our forefathers fled religious prosecution to pursue the freedom of conscience in the New World, a bedrock principle we must continue to protect.
 
 As the pilgrims in their November 1620 Mayflower Compact, their very first governing framework, wrote: “[We] solemnly and mutually, in the Presence of God and one another, covenant and combine ourselves together into a civil Body Politick, for our better Ordering and Preservation.”
 
 A year later they thanked God for his providence, their first harvest, and a new land of opportunity. It was the nation’s very first Thanksgiving.
 
 Despite the many trials they faced, they expressed gratitude for the opportunity to live freely.
 
 President Calvin Coolidge reminded us nearly a century ago: “We have been a most favored people. We ought to be a most generous people. We have been a most blessed people. We ought to be a most thankful people.”
 
 And, we are.
 
 This Thanksgiving, Heidi and I wish you and your family the very best, and may God continue to bless the Great State of Texas and the United States of America.
On this Hanukkah, I wish our Jewish friends a happy holiday.  The miracle of the oil reminds us of God's provision in times of trouble. The little vessel that kept burning for eight days embodies the hope of a courageous people. Their piety and perseverance through adversity is an inspiration to many. Their steadfastness speaks to their faith in a greater future.  Last week, I had the honor of attending an event celebrating Emma Lazarus, the poet who wrote the words that welcome all to this land of liberty: 'Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!'  We are grateful for the rich history the Jewish culture brings to America and to the world, and I hope you have a blessed Hanukkah season.
Before even beginning negotiations with Iran, at the outset we should have insisted on the release of American political prisoners.
Glad the U.S. Supreme Court will review Obamacare’s contraception mandate. This illegal mandate tramples on religious freedom and should be struck down.
Obamacare was fundamentally flawed from the start.   I think we need a #FullRepeal -- what about you?
Neither “fixes” nor delays are the answer to Obamacare.  Not one more American should suffer — repeal it entirely!
Obamacare is proving to be an even bigger disaster than was feared. Millions are losing their jobs, being forced into part time work, and having their health care plans cancelled -- and it'll only get worse.  It's time to start over. It's time for a #FullRepeal.
All of us owe a duty to our soldiers, our sailors, airmen and marines -- the young men and women who voluntarily step forward to risk everything to defend our nation. And for one of those young soldiers to find himself or herself the victim of sexual assault is an absolute violation of that trust.  I would encourage all of my friends in the Senate, both Democrats and Republicans, to come together in support of the Gillibrand amendment to strengthen our military and, at the same time, to deter and punish the unacceptable, unspeakable crimes of sexual assaults so we can together honor the commitment we owe to all the men and women in the military.
If you are not familiar with Senator Inouye's spectacular service to our country, please take a moment to read this: http://1.usa.gov/I3rjVz #MedalofFreedom #MedalofHonor
It’s been over a year since the #Benghazi attack, and we’ve still got a lot of unanswered questions about what happened. It’s time to change that.
Today we honor the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.  Please watch and share:
Not only is a #FullRepeal of Obamacare still in the cards, it is what we must do.
Great to join legislators from across the country to discuss promoting policies that encourage job creation and create limitless opportunity for all Americans.
Obamacare is a health care law that has caused over 5 million people to lose their health care. #FullRepeal
NA
The only way to stop the problems with Obamacare is to admit this idea was fundamentally flawed to begin with. We need a #FullRepeal.
106,185 people enrolled in Obamacare.  108,713 attended the 2010 NBA All-Star Game in Cowboys Stadium. #FullRepeal
I agree with Senator Rand Paul: before the Senate votes on whether to confirm Janet Yellen, we should at the very least allow a vote on the #AuditTheFed bill. The Federal Reserve has expanded our money supply by trillions, benefitting Wall Street but making life harder for millions of Americans struggling to make ends meet. Never-ending quantitative easing threatens to undermine the dollar and to drive up prices on everyday goods from food to gasoline to the basic necessities of life. We need to bring transparency to the Fed, so the American people can understand the scope and consequences of its policies.
One thing is clear: Obamacare is fundamentally flawed.   We don’t need “fixes,” we need a #FullRepeal!
Nearly 5 million Americans #HadInsurance until Obamacare...
President Obama told Americans "if you like your health care plan you can keep it."  LIKE if you want to hold him to his word!
SHARE if you agree Obamacare is wrong for Texas!
Steven Hayward at Forbes predicts a #FullRepeal of Obamacare is on its way.  LIKE the sound of that?
On the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of 1918, the fighting between the Allies and Germany ceased. Today, we commemorate that moment by thanking our veterans who have continued the quest to preserve our peace and freedom.  We should all be proud of our country’s long tradition of service. General John J. Pershing eloquently expressed his thanks in a letter to the troops who helped win the “war to end all wars,” that is just as relevant now as it was then.  Pershing wrote, “By willing sacrifice of personal rights; by cheerful endurance of hardship and privation; by vigor, strength and indomitable will, made effective by thorough organization and cordial co-operation, you inspired the war-worn Allies with new life and turned the tide of threatened defeat into overwhelming victory.”  We are so fortunate that throughout history, millions of Americans have come forward to fight tyrants, fascists, communists, and terrorists to keep us free.  Still, we live in a violent world, where the freedoms we enjoy remain exceptional to millions of less fortunate forced to abide by brutal dictators, oppressive regimes, and cultures of intolerance.  The persistent threats of terrorism at home and abroad are reminders of how precious it is to be an American and how fiercely our rights must be protected.  We are blessed to live in a society where men and women continue to fight for our flag. Since the terrorist attacks of 9/11, more than 3 million Americans have volunteered to defend their country, knowing full well the risks they may face. More than 50,000 are serving in Afghanistan right now.  They, like millions of veterans before them, are willingly putting themselves in danger to keep us safe.  Thank you.  President Calvin Coolidge once said, “The nation which forgets its defenders will itself be forgotten.” He was right.  Please join me on this Veterans Day in saying a prayer of thanks for our veterans. And, please find a veteran. Grab their hand. Look them in the eye and tell them, “Thank you for your service.”  We will never be able to express enough thanks for the troops, but they must always know they are treasured.  May God bless the veterans, may God bless all those who continue to protect our country, and may God bless the United States of America.
Fighting for our veterans and their loved ones is something I take very seriously in the United States Senate. Today we honor their service and sacrifice.
Wishing a very happy birthday to the United States Marine Corps. Today marks 238 years of fighting with unprecedented valor so that we may be free.
 
 Thank you to all Marines for your service and Semper Fi!
Don't miss it: joining The Tonight Show with Jay Leno tonight at 10:35 pm CT.
Nothing is true about this screenshot. Period.
If the reports are correct, this is a terrible deal, and it is dangerous for America. The prospect of Iran acquiring nuclear weapon capacity is the gravest national security threat we face, yet it appears that this 'deal' does not require Iran to dismantle even a single centrifuge or turn over even a single pound of enriched uranium. To lift economic sanctions on Iran in exchange for an amorphous promise to pause their immediate efforts to acquire nuclear weapons makes no sense whatsoever. It is almost surely unverifiable, and lifting the sanctions will only encourage Iran to surreptitiously continue to develop nuclear weapons--weapons that, if acquired, pose an existential threat to America and our allies.  The United States should negotiate from a position of strength, not weakness. We should have insisted on good-faith measures before meeting with the Iranians directly, such as the release of Pastor Saeed Abedini and the acknowledgment of Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state.  Prime Minister Netanyahu has taken the extraordinary step of condemning what is happening in Geneva as a 'very, very bad deal.' President Obama should not abandon our friend and ally Israel, and he should not cut a deal that endangers the national security of the United States.
Just an observation, but the old line WAS that you could keep your health care plan and an Iranian nuke was unacceptable #ObamaFlipFlops
Bipartisan letter from 23 U.S. Senators: Time is of the essence given Pastor Saeed's current predicament. It is imperative for the United States government to speak out boldly on behalf of Pastor Saeed at the earliest opportunity, and we look forward to supporting the President in this effort.
LIKE to see justice served for the #Benghazi attacks?  I just introduced legislation to require the Secretary of State to offer a reward of up to $5 million for information on the Benghazi attacks or information that leads to the capture and prosecution of a suspect.
Obamacare exemptions for big business, members of Congress, and now unions.  Where’s the exemption for the American people? #MakeDCListen
Obamacare is absolutely the legacy of Barack Obama, but we’re NOT getting over it.  We’re fighting for a #FullRepeal. SHARE if you’re with me!
When it comes to the Obamacare disaster, sometimes you have to laugh to keep yourself from crying. Hilarious take from the CMAs last night:
#ObamaScare hits a whole new level. Cancelled plans, increased premiums… and now encouraging divorce?!
Gorgeous shot of the Capitol at sunset this evening.
SHARE if you agree Obamacare is a disaster and should be repealed entirely! #MakeDCListen
TODAY: Secretary Sebelius testifies in front of the Senate Finance Committee on the Obamacare debacle.
 
 COMMENT below: If YOU had the chance to ask her one question... what would you ask?
I am proud to stand with Senator John Cornyn remembering the American heroes killed and injured in Nidal Hasan's terrorist attack at Fort Hood on Nov. 5, 2009 and pushing for the Fort Hood Heroes Act to recognize their sacrifice and ensure victims and family members are provided the benefits they deserve.
I guess it didn't sound as appealing with the disclaimer... #MakeDCListen #FullRepeal
Obamacare should be repealed entirely -- AGREE or DISAGREE?  COMMENT with what you think!
Enjoyed welcoming St. John's School's seventh grade class to our nation's capital today. Hope y'all enjoy your visit!
This morning Debbie Wasserman Schultz said, "There was nothing about what President Obama or that I or any other Democrat supporting the Affordable Care Act said that was not true."  They did say this, right?
The Supreme Court will hear oral argument today in a case that will determine if the federal government, through treaty power, can trump our system of federalism and separation of powers.   The answer to that question should be an emphatic NO. Read more:
It's Election Day in Texas. Have you voted? If not, find your polling place and vote! http://bit.ly/GpctO
 
 Already cast your ballot? SHARE to remind your friends!
#ObamaScare in action: CNN reports on the Obama Administration’s fear that Americans will be disappointed by higher prices and fewer choices as a result of Obamacare.
QUICK POLL: The New York Times thinks the government knows better than you which health care plans are best for you and your family. Are they right?  COMMENT with YES or NO!
A must-read article that underscores why this fight is so important: http://on.wsj.com/17B6rRc
 
 Are you in?
To unleash job creation and economic growth, we must stop the disaster that is Obamacare.   It's time we #MakeDCListen. Are you with me?
SHARE if you think that every American who likes his or her health care plan should actually be able to keep itI #MakeDCListen
Now, according to the New York Times, you shouldn't have those plans anyway because the government knows which ones are best for you.  What do you think about that?
Halloween may be over, but #ObamaScare continues for over 3.5 million Americans losing their health insurance because of Obamacare.
Good news: the Taliban leader and terrorist mastermind Hakimullah Mehsud has been brought to justice in Pakistan.  We must remain vigilant.
Terrific discussion with the Greater Dallas Indo-American Chamber of Commerce on how we restore growth and opportunity in America!
This is OUR fight. Are you in?
The defining thing about being American is the ability to start with nothing, risk everything, and achieve the American Dream.
Today is the last day to early vote in the Texas Constitutional Amendment election. Find your polling place: http://bit.ly/GpctO
 
 Already voted? SHARE to remind your friends!
A great pleasure to join the Houston Association of Petroleum Landmen to discuss the fight to stop Obamacare, #MakeDCListen, and restore economic growth!
Next time you visit the Capitol, be sure to check out the bust of Prime Minister Winston Churchill in National Statuary Hall!
Millions of Americans are seeing their health insurance premiums skyrocket or losing coverage altogether. Obamacare is #AllTrickNoTreat #ObamaScare
What’s scarier than ghosts this Halloween?  #ObamaScare … because it’s real and it’s here. WATCH:
#MakeDCListen
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius is testifying before a House panel today on the disastrous implementation of Obamacare. 
 
 What would YOU ask her?
Many thanks to all the Texans who joined us for coffee this morning -- it was great visiting with you!
Find out what #ObamaScare means for you in our latest newsletter. Please read and SHARE!
#ObamaScare is coming. What does that mean for you?  WATCH:
Obamacare Promise: If you like your health care plan, you can keep it.  Obamacare Reality: Not so much. #PromiseBroken
Halloween isn't the only thing frightening Americans. #ObamaScare is coming.  Watch and SHARE!
#ObamaScare in action as Obamacare sticker shock starts hitting middle class America. #MakeDCListen
Harry Reid says you want to pay more taxes. Do you?
WOW: Even President Obama's former Chief of Staff has compared the implementation of Obamacare to the Titanic hitting the iceberg.  Watch & SHARE!
The solutions to turn this country around won’t come from Washington. They'll come from the grassroots across America.   SHARE if you agree it’s time to #MakeDCListen!
In any political fight, when the truth is on your side, you are in a good situation. The truth is Obamacare isn't working. #MakeDCListen
Going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren to talk about how we #MakeDCListen. Tune in to Fox News at 6 pm CT and SHARE to spread the word!
It's been great being back in Texas. Thank you all so much for your support and encouragement.
 
 Together we are fighting to change Washington and #MakeDCListen.
We've got career politicians in both parties who aren't listening to the American people. That's why we have out of control debt, Obamacare, and more. We've got to #MakeDCListen to the people.
#ButWaitTheresMore
SHARE if you, a friend, or a family member has lost health insurance coverage or fear you will because of Obamacare #MakeDCListen
SHARE if you agree! #MakeDCListen
What I intend to do is continue standing with the American people to work to stop Obamacare because it isn't working, it's costing people's jobs and taking away their health care.
Like your health care plan and want to keep it? Not so fast...
Excellent analysis of why we shouldn't wait until after the next election to fight Obamacare. #MakeDCListen
Jim DeMint is absolutely right: We won't back down on Obamacare. #MakeDCListen
Remember when President Obama promised to lower everyone's insurance premiums? For many Americans, Obamacare raises them instead. #MakeDCListen
Honored to meet some of our nation's finest at the Capitol today.  I hope the South Plains Honor Flight from Lubbock enjoyed their visit to our nation's capital.
Today's deal is a classic example of the Washington establishment selling the American people down the river. It's time to #MakeDCListen
SHARE if you're with me! #MakeDCListen
Enjoyed the opportunity to welcome students from Veritas Christian Academy to our nation's capital today!
#ObamaScare isn't just limited to premiums. Just wait until you actually have to use your insurance: http://bit.ly/15BPLFU
#ObamaScare: It's coming…
If Americans really wanted Obamacare, you wouldn’t need a law to make them buy it. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
Apple creates jobs. Obamacare kills jobs. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
When people spend hours in line waiting for an iPhone it’s because they want to. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
Anchors Aweigh and happy birthday to the U.S. Navy, the finest fighting force on the seas since 1775. Thank you for your service!
We can never thank our veterans enough. An honor to join them today at memorials honoring their service.
The media doesn’t have to send out a national search party to find someone who has bought an iPhone. #ObamacareIsNotAniPhone
Obamacare is hurting the American people and Washington is not listening to the people.  Let's #MakeDCListen #DefundObamacare #VVS13
I don't think we should treat the ruling class in Washington better than hard-working American families. #MakeDCListen #DefundObamacare
Will be live on Crossfire at 5:30 pm CT. Hope you'll tune in!
Every day our concerns are validated as we learn more about how Obamacare can’t deliver on its promises. #MakeDCListen #DefundObamacare
You can join United States Senator Mike Lee's tele-townhall now. Invite your friends and participate:
Because Senate Democrats have blocked multiple attempts to #FundOurVets and the VA, #HarryReidsShutdown threatens to cut off veterans' benefits. It's unconscionable. http://bit.ly/GENdNT
Just one more reason to #MakeDCListen and #DefundObamacare.
A great honor to help welcome some members of "The Greatest Generation" to their memorial today.
The Senate could #FundOurVets today. Harry Reid refused. #HarryReidsShutdown
NA
"We have veterans who are disabled who are counting on their benefits" - President Obama.   I agree, let's pass the House bill to #FundOurVets now!
A great privilege to welcome an Honor Flight from Fort Worth to their memorial.
#MakeDCListen: Obamacare is a disaster. Even if you made it past this screen, you still may not be in the clear: http://bloom.bg/GK3AZ5
This is #HarryReidsShutdown. He will not move an inch on forcing Obamacare on millions of Americans who are suffering. #MakeDCListen
Republicans in Congress are passing bills to reopen and fund essential functions of our government. It's the Democrats in Congress who refuse to negotiate. #HarryReidsShutdown
We shouldn't hear one more story like this.  SHARE if you agree the Senate should pass the House bill to #FundOurParks!
Obamacare is the single biggest obstacle standing in the way of our jobs, rights, and future #MakeDCListen
At 8 am CT tomorrow, I'll join State of the Union on CNN to discuss #HarryReidsShutdown and how we #MakeDCListen to stop the Obamacare train wreck.
 
 Hope you'll tune in and SHARE to spread the word!
If my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle simply stoop up right now and withdrew their objection, by the end of the day the VA would receive its funding #HarryReidsShutDown
We've got Republicans and Democrats in the House agreeing we should fund the VA. We have Republicans in the Senate and a Democratic President of the United States agreeing we should fund the VA. And sadly, we have Democrats in the Senate, a Majority Leader in the Senate, objecting to the VA being funded. #HarryReidsShutdown
Never gets said enough, but a tremendous amount of gratitude for the Capitol Police who acted heroically today and keep us safe every day. Thank you.
Many, many thanks to Gov. Sarah Palin for your friendship, support, and the care package!
 
 Our office is now well-stocked for #HarryReidsShutdown.
This is #HarryReidsShutdown. Four times the House of Representatives endeavored to compromise to pass a bill that funds the federal government but at the same time prevents the enormous harms Obamacare is causing to millions of Americans.   Four times Harry Reid said go jump in a lake. He won't negotiate, won't talk.
178 years since the Battle of Gonzales, and that same love of liberty continues to live in the heart of every Texan #ComeandTakeIt
We're starting to #MakeDCListen, but we've got to keep up the pressure… #HarryReidsShutdown
Yesterday House Republicans attempted to open WWII Memorial and fund the VA. Democrats refused.   Stand up for our vets. #MakeDCListen and say no to #HarryReidsShutdown
We can work together to respond to some of the worst harms coming from #HarryReidsShutdown, but Democrats don't want to. Instead, they want to play politics.
Obamacare is one BIG "glitch." But we can fix it. #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen
CNN: #HarryReidsShutdown continues.
#MakeDCListen to the American people who want the same exemptions from Obamacare as Congress and big business -- stop #HarryReidsShutdown.
Obamacare is the biggest job killer in this country and millions of Americans are hurting because of it. It's time to #MakeDCListen.
Tomorrow morning I'll join Meet the Press to discuss #DefundObamacare, #MakeDCListen, and more. Please find your local airtime, tune in, and SHARE the news: http://www.nbcnews.com/id/3080248#.UkdPlxb84Tw
It is critical that we act to stop the harmful consequences that millions of Americans are feeling because of Obamacare. #MakeDCListen
To vote for cloture this afternoon would be to vote to allow Harry Reid to fund Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #MakeDCListen #DontBlink
Harry Reid and Senate Democrats will vote yes on cloture tomorrow. Would they do that if it were truly a vote to #DefundObamacare? #MakeDCListen
Talking about tomorrow's #DefundObamacare vote tonight on Hannity. Be sure to tune in! #MakeDCListen
Congratulations to the newest member of the Texas Supreme Court: Justice Jeff Brown!
Freeing American prisoners of conscience in Iranian prisons should be a pre-condition to any negotiations with Iran. #FreeAmir
This debate's in your hands. #MakeDCListen and vote against cloture to #DefundObamacare.
Any Republican who votes to give Harry Reid the ability to fund Obamacare with 51 votes is voting to fund Obamacare #MakeDCListen
Proud to help give a voice to the American people in the U.S. Senate by reading more of your tweets to #MakeDCListen.
Obamacare: Ain't nobody got time for that. #MakeDCListen
We need to #MakeDCListen.
It's time for Senate Republicans to stand with House Republicans to #DefundObamacare.
 
 SHARE if you're with me!
Unfortunately, my unanimous consent request to hold a vote on funding the government without funding Obamacare and avoid a government shutdown was just objected to. #DefundObamacare  #DontFundIt
Fund government, not Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Not one more American should lose their job, wages, or health care plans because of this disastrous, train wreck of a law. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
#DefundObamacareBecause it's hurting the American people.
Saying a prayer for the safety and well-being of these sailors.
If the Senate majority is going to amend the House-passed CR to defund Obamcare with only 51 votes, Senate Republicans should support House Republicans by opposing cloture. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Will join Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday to discuss what comes next in the fight to #DefundObamacare. Hope you'll find your local airtime, tune in, and encourage your friends to do the same! http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/fox-news-sunday/blog/2009/07/31/fns-local-air-times
The House vote to fund government without funding Obamacare was a victory for the American people.   Senate Republicans should now unify to #DefundObamacare.
Today, the House of Representatives did what Washington pundits only a few weeks ago said was impossible: a strong bipartisan majority voted to defund Obamacare. This is a victory for House conservatives, and it is a victory for Speaker Boehner and Republican leadership.  The American people overwhelmingly oppose Obamacare — a program which is killing jobs, dragging down the economy, and harming the most vulnerable among us. They deserve a fight — and House Republicans are leading that charge.  But the House was just step one. Step two is the Senate, where all accounts suggest Harry Reid plans to use procedural gimmicks to try to add funding back in for Obamacare.  If Reid pursues this plan — if he insists on using a 50-vote threshold to fund Obamacare with a partisan vote of only Democrats — then I hope that every Senate Republican will stand together and oppose cloture on the bill in order to keep the House bill intact and not let Harry Reid add Obamacare funding back in.  Now is a time for party unity; Senate Republicans should stand side-by-side with courageous House Republicans.  The fight to save America from Obamacare is just beginning — it may well go back and forth from the House and Senate several times — and a united Republican front means that Harry Reid and the President cannot ignore the American people.
President Obama has granted waivers for giant corporations and members of Congress. Why is he threatening to shut down the federal government in order to deny those very same waivers to hard-working American families? #DefundObamacare
#DefundObamacareBecause if it isn't good enough for members of Congress, it isn't good enough for the American people:
SHARE if you're with me -- #DefundObamacare.
It's time for Senate Republicans to stand with House Republicans and hardworking American families to #DefundObamacare.
Why is President Obama threatening to shut down the government in order to shove Obamacare down Americans' throats? #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
We've got to stand together, fight with every breath in our bodies, and stop the biggest job-killer in America. #DefundObamacare
Republicans should be standing for pro-market, pro-competition health care reforms that empower consumers. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Great job by United States Senator Mike Lee making the case for #DefundObamacare with Sean Hannity.  Don't miss us both with Sean tonight on Fox News around 8 PM CT.
Congress should now form a joint select committee to investigate what happened in #Benghazi -- LIKE if you agree!
Celebrating 66 years of dominance in the skies. Happy birthday to the United States Air Force!
Found this on Twitter. Great to see the American people getting engaged in the fight to #DefundObamacare!
 
 SHARE if you're with us!
FACT: Obamacare exchange enrollment begins in less than two weeks, but 70% of Americans STILL don't understand the law. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare exchanges open in 2 weeks and despite millions spent on "education" efforts, 70% of Americans still don't understand it. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
FACT: Implementing Obamacare requires bureaucrats to build the largest database of personal information in our nation's history -- making releases of private data like this more likely. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
I hope you'll take a moment to pause and say a prayer for those impacted by the Colorado floods.  Also, here's how you can help:
Great start to the morning at First Baptist Church in Midland. Religious liberty is a vital principle that animated our founding and is so important to who we are as a people.
YES or NO -- should we find out what really happened in #Benghazi?  Senate Democrats blocked my resolution calling for a joint special committee to investigate the attacks.
FACT: The Obama Administration isn't even able to keep up with its own deadlines for implementing Obamacare. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Union leaders are right. Obamacare does need "fixing." A "fix" for EVERYONE in the form of a #FullRepeal.
FACT: In no small part thanks to Obamacare's complexity, as few as 5% of eligible employers have claimed the law's small business tax credit. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
FACT: Complying with Obamacare is so complex many business owners are just giving up on the small business tax credit.  #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Wow! What a magnificent work of art by Steve Penley.
#NeverForget #September11 and an update on #Syria and #DefundObamacare on the radio with Matt Patrick this morning. Listen and SHARE!
The Stars and Stripes at half-staff outside of our office. #NeverForget
FACT: While attempting to implement Obamacare, the IRS improperly seized MILLIONS of medical records. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Just spoke with The Kudlow Report about today's #ExemptAmerica #DefundObamacare rally. Don't miss it tonight around 6 pm CT!
Great discussion with Sen. Mike Lee for a special on the #DefundObamacare fight.
Mr. President:
 
 Obamacare is a disaster. How about an exemption for hard-working American families? 
 
 #ExemptAmerica #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Why a military attack on #Syria would be a mistake, #DefundObamacare, and more in our latest newsletter.   Please read and SHARE:
FACT: With less than a month until implementation of Obamacare begins, many businesses are still unsure what their responsibilities are under the law.
 
 #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
I think a military attack on #Syria is a mistake. Watch and SHARE why:
How much will Obamacare raise your health insurance premiums? Find out below.  It isn't too late to stop it. #DefundObamacare
FACT: Even the union for IRS employees — who are tasked with enforcing Obamacare — wants to avoid the exchanges created under the law.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
We should decrease unemployment by promoting policies that encourage growth — not by driving Americans out of the workforce:
Speaking with Amarillo small business owners about how Obamacare is making it harder for their businesses to expand and create jobs. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
More proof that Obamacare only benefits politically connected businesses, their lobbyists, and lawyers, while hard working Americans are left with fewer jobs or lost hours and higher premiums or loss of health insurance altogether.    It's time for Congress to look out for the American people -- and not special interests -- by defunding Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Voter ID laws protect the integrity of our elections. And despite the claims of AG Holder, in Georgia we've seen minority turnout INCREASE after voter ID laws were enacted.
Speaking with the press about the importance of the fight to #DefundObamacare after a roundtable meeting in El Paso.
FACT: Obamacare creates dozens to hundreds of new bureaucracies. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Honored to join our men and women in uniform for breakfast this morning at Fort Bliss.
FACT: Implementing Obamacare means hundreds of millions of additional dollars in funding for the IRS.   #DontFundIt #DefundObamcare
The White House is in talks to fix Obamacare for unions.   No more special treatment. Fix it for EVERYONE by defunding and repealing it. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Meeting with Texas landowners who have been impacted by the federal government's failure to secure our border.
The Rio Grande Valley Partnership wants to get jobs and growth back. That starts with stopping Obamacare. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
FACT: The IRS plans to devote nearly 2,000 IRS bureaucrats to the implementation of Obamacare.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Listen and SHARE for an important update on #Syria and our fight to #DefundObamacare.
The right to vote is a fundamental building block of our democratic process, and it’s critical that we uphold the integrity of our elections:
Throughout our history, Americans have been recognized all over the world for their work ethic and optimism. This Labor Day, let's commit ourselves to restoring that image.
 
 Republicans, Democrats, conservatives, independents, and progressives should unite to create more jobs and opportunities. That begins by defunding and repealing Obamacare, the biggest job killer in modern history.
 
 Once we defund and then repeal Obamacare, American businesses can get back to business, and American workers can get back to building the American dream. There is no reason that it cannot once again be "morning in America." The American people know what needs to be done; Washington just needs to listen.
 
 We are Americans. We know how to get a job done. But first, there must be jobs to do.
 
 God Bless America.
There is concern in Tel Aviv and celebration in Damascus --  which is exactly backwards.
FACT: Obamacare will grant even MORE power to the IRS. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
My thoughts and prayers go out to Harris County DA Mike Anderson's friends and family in this very difficult time.
I commend President Obama for listening to bi-partisan calls for him to seek congressional authority before any possible use of force against Syria. Given that the President did not request an emergency session of Congress, that must mean that he agrees there is no imminent threat requiring the Commander in Chief to act without consulting the representatives of the American people.  I remain concerned that the mission proposed by the President is not in furtherance the vital national security interests of the United States. To date I have heard a great deal from the administration about punishing Bashir al-Assad for violating an “international norm” through the use of chemical weapons, and that this is why we must act against him. Abstract notions about international norms should never displace U.S. sovereignty to act, or refuse to act, for our national security.  Assad’s murderous actions have claimed the lives of more than a hundred thousand of his own people, which is a humanitarian tragedy. But our chief strategic concern should not be international norms; it should be preventing the chemical weapons from falling into the hands of al Qaeda or other terrorists who might use them against us and our allies.  It is now incumbent upon President Obama to make his case and persuade Congress that his plan is necessary, and the best course to preserve our security and protect our liberties. Like the President, I welcome this debate and I agree this is an issue of the highest seriousness that transcends partisan politics.
Great to join the Defending the American Dream Summit this afternoon to speak on the most important step in restoring economic growth we can take -- stopping Obamacare.  In the coming days, we have our single best opportunity to #DefundObamacare. We can and should do it. #Dream13
Looking forward to speaking with the Americans for Prosperity Defending the American Dream Summit this afternoon around 1 pm CT.   Join us live online:
Brief taped remarks at a photo-op is no substitute for real consultation with Congress and the American people. #Syria
FACT: Obamacare's “essential health benefit” standards will likely make your health care plan more expensive.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
President Obama ignoring Congress—again—by unilaterally imposing gun restrictions.   Instead of evading Congress, why isn’t the Administration prosecuting felons and fugitives who illegally try to purchase firearms?
FACT: Obamacare puts millions onto Medicaid as more and more physicians refuse to accept new Medicaid patients.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Unacceptable:
FACT: Obamacare encourages health care service venture investment to move overseas.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
A real honor to join the American Legion National Convention this afternoon. Our service men and women do not check their constitutional rights at the door when they step forward to defend us.
FACT: As a result of Obamacare, you'll likely be left waiting longer at the emergency room.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Injustice in Iran: the religious persecution of Pastor Sayeed continues. Please keep him and his family in your prayers:
More Obama DOJ ridiculousness: outlandish prosecutions of business owners in disfavored industries.
Great to speak with Sean Hannity from The Salt Lick in Driftwood. Tune in to Fox News tonight for our discussion on #Syria, #DefundObamacare & more.
FACT: Obamacare will drive thousands of physicians out of the workforce. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Hearty congratulations to Army Staff Sgt. Ty Carter on his very well deserved Medal of Honor. Our country thanks you for your service.
Pres Obama considers waiting on UN for permission to intervene in #Syria, but will he wait on the US Congress?
Louisiana's voucher program gives real hope to parents and children to get a good education, but President Obama's DOJ is putting politics first by suing to keep students in failing schools.
An absolute shame. Acts of violence against the First Amendment right to free exercise of religion should never be tolerated.
FACT: Obamacare is likely to reduce patient access to physicians.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Today's decision by the U.S. Department of Justice to sue Texas is, sadly, only the latest manifestation of the DOJ's increasing politicization under this Administration. The U.S. Supreme Court has expressly held that voter ID laws are constitutional, and DOJ’s decision today to attack Texas’ voter ID program is contrary to law.  Americans overwhelmingly support voter ID laws because they understand that voter fraud weakens our democracy, and unfortunately it is often minority voters who are the victims of that fraud. The Department of Justice should not be working to undermine the integrity of our elections.
A tremendous honor to recognize Richard Overton, our nation's oldest living veteran, for his dedicated service at the grand opening of the Austin VA clinic.
Privileged to tour the National Instruments facility in Austin this morning.
We've got to get economic growth back in this country. Speaking with Austin high tech sector about how that starts with stopping Obamacare. #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
FACT: Under Obamacare millions of seniors will face HIGHER premiums.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Hearing first-hand from small business owners in Kerrville about the impact Obamacare will have on them. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Can we #DefundObamacare? With your help, #YesWeCan!  Please watch and SHARE!
In the fight to #DefundObamacare one side or the other has to blink.  How do we win? #DontBlink #DontFundIt
Fact: Obamacare provides an incentive for many employers to drop health care coverage for their workers.  #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Caroline's first day of kindergarten was today...very exciting. She's thrilled (and so are we).
Defunding Obamacare is a fight we can win -- but only YOU can win this fight #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Fact: Obamacare will cause millions of seniors to lose their current health insurance #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Looking forward to joining Jim DeMint and my friends at Heritage Action for America in Dallas tonight for a #DefundObamacare town hall.
Four State Department employees on administrative leave over #Benghazi are back to work today.   Still no justice for #Stevens #Smith #Doherty and #Woods.
"Why is President Obama unwilling to give Obamacare waivers to all Americans?" -at Houston Realty Business Coalition Breakfast  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
NA
Obamacare is forcing employers to hire more part-time employees and less full-time workers. We don't have to become a part-time America.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Want a full time job? Thanks to Obamacare, it will be harder to find one... or keep one.   #Don'tFundIt #DefundObamacare
President Obama says his priority is the economy, yet his signature legislation raises taxes that will kill the economy.   #DefundObamacare #DontFundIt
Remember when President Obama promised not to raise taxes on the middle class? Promise broken thanks to Obamacare.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Reminder: President Obama's DOJ encouraged the sale of these guns to violent drug cartel members, but doesn't want law abiding Americans to be able to purchase them: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57598487/more-fast-and-furious-guns-surface-at-crimes-in-mexico/ #FastandFurious
Obamacare is causing even more small businesses to cut employees' hours -- forcing them to get by on less. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Keep jobs in the United States -- #DefundObamacare now!  #DontFundIt
If the IRS is trying to polish up its image, it's awful hard to tell.  #AbolishtheIRS
SHARE if you agree!
 
 #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare: Causing layoffs and a reluctance to hire new employees.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
SHARE the facts: Obamacare is hurting the economy and killing jobs...and it will only get worse if we don't #DefundObamacare before it's too late. #DontFundIt
Think Obamacare is bad? It's just the first step.  We can stop it. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare: Putting Americans out of work and on to welfare.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Want to stop the Obamacare train wreck? Here's how we do it:  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare: jeopardizing American jobs.  #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
A majority of Americans agree that Obamacare will be a disaster for their family's health care and for the nation's economy.  We can and should defund it. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
The Astros and the Rangers face off this weekend.  Who do you think takes the series?
This economic recovery leaves a lot to be desired. Obamacare is a large reason why.   #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare: Hurting the economy and jobs. #DontFundIt #DefundObamacare
Obamacare Fact: Hurting the Economy and Jobs  41% of small business owners have delayed plans to hire new employees, and 38% say they have delayed plans to grow their businesses in direct response to the law.
The wheels are coming off Obamacare. The American people realize this isn't working: http://blog.chron.com/txpotomac/2013/08/ted-cruz-mobilizes-talk-radio-army-as-he-battles-obamacare/
Obamacare: removing rungs from the ladder of economic upward mobility by reducing hours and restricting hiring.
With embassies closed and Americans fleeing the country, perhaps sending terrorists from GTMO to Yemen isn't the best idea…
Obamacare: Hurting the economy by making it harder for small businesses to hire workers.  Defund it now.
Proud to join several of my Senate colleagues in defending religious liberty. The First Amendment does not require the public square to be scrubbed of all religion. We hope the Court will correct this issue and confirm the principle of religious freedom that has been the norm since the founding.
Will Rouhani take the "moderate" step of recanting statement about Israel being a "wound" on the Arab world?
Will new Iranian President Rouhani take the "moderate" step of liberating 2600+ political & religious prisoners like:   Mohammad Seifzadeh Abdolfattah Soltani Mohammad Ali Dadkhah Ms. Nasrin Sotoudeh Mehdi Karoubi Mir Hossein Mousavi Zahra Rahnavard Pastor Saeed Abedini Mostafa Bordbar Ayatollah Hossein Kazemeyni Boroujerdi
Where were they, and what did they do during the attack? Did we abandon our men in Benghazi?
What about America's Obamacare crisis?
What's our strategy on Obamacare? We win, they lose. If enough Americans rise up, we will defund Obamacare.  Are you with us?
The key to victory in the fight to defund Obamacare is the American people rising up, engaging, and demanding it.
My friend United States Senator Mike Lee spoke with Rush Limbaugh about how we stop Obamacare before it is too late.  Please give it a listen and SHARE!
Great to join fellow members of the wackobird caucus Sen. Mike Lee and Sen. Rand Paul at the Young Americans for Liberty National Convention!
CFPB at Terrible 2: extravagant, unaccountable, and snooping Americans’ financial habits.
Average annual growth since WW II is 3.3%. Today's 1.7% GDP number confirms that economic growth remains stuck in the mud.  We must defund Obamacare and get growth back.
“The true test of any scholar's work is not what his contemporaries say, but what happens to his work in the next 25 or 50 years. And the thing that I will really be proud of is if some of the work I have done is still cited in the text books long after I am gone.”
 
 Happy birthday to one of my heroes, the late Milton Friedman.
If we're not willing to fight on Obamacare, on what are we willing to fight?  Defund Obamacare now!
Great time visiting with Sean Hannity tonight. There is bipartisan agreement that Obamacare isn't working. If we won't fight it now, when will we?
Looking forward to a discussion on defunding Obamacare with United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Marco Rubio on the Senate floor around 2:30 PM CT.  SHARE the news and watch here:
Great conversation at the Heritage Blogger Briefing on how we can win the fight to defund Obamacare if the grassroots get motivated.  If there is ever a time to defeat Obamacare, it is now.
The House should take advantage of this opportunity by passing a bill that funds the government, but doesn't provide a penny to funding Obamacare.
This is our best chance to stop Obamacare before it may be too late.  Listen and SHARE!
If we stand together, we can win this fight to defund Obamacare. If we surrender, we won't.  Will you stand with us?
Great to join the Western Conservative Summit. Together we can defund Obamacare if we stand up and demand it!
On the 60th anniversary of the armistice ending the Korean War we thank all Americans who served and pray all Koreans will one day know freedom.
Not one penny to fund Obamacare.
Well look what we have here: http://m.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2533520   Defund Obamacare now!
How we stop Obamacare:
Enough said.
 
 SHARE if you agree!
Today, I joined United States Senator Mike Lee in sending a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stating that we will not support any continuing resolution that funds even one penny for Obamacare.   SHARE the news and co-sign the letter if you agree we must Defund Obamacare now: http://1.usa.gov/13HUt3H
Attorney General Holder's recent announcement is just the latest example of his politicization of the Department of Justice. Holder's refusal to accept the judgment of the U.S. Supreme Court regarding preclearance continues the Department's longstanding pattern of refusing to follow the law.  Likewise, Holder continues to attack voter ID laws, even though the Supreme Court has concluded that voter ID laws are supported by multiple interests that are "unquestionably relevant to the State's interest in protecting the integrity and reliability of the electoral process."
Unfortunately, the Defund Obamacare discussion with United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Marco Rubio on the Senate floor has been postponed, but you can still show your support.
 
 SHARE if you agree we must Defund Obamacare Now!
Will join United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Marco Rubio on the Senate floor around 11 am CT for a discussion on defunding Obamacare now.   Share the news and watch at the link below:
If we want to stop the Obamacare train wreck, the time is now. The American grassroots must stand up and demand it.   Will you stand with us? Defund Obamacare now!
Humbled to join the Night to Honor Israel Rally and celebrate what is right in the world, which is the rock solid alliance between the United States and the nation of Israel.
A great privilege to join the Tea Party Legislative Forum this afternoon.   It is time to defund Obamacare now, and under no circumstance will I vote for any continuing resolution that funds one penny of it.
A great honor to join the Christians United for Israel Washington Summit as we stand unwavering in support of Israel and her leaders.
As the nation starts to implement Obamacare, more and more Americans are standing up against it -- are you one of them?  SHARE if you agree we must Defund Obamacare now!
Don't miss my sit down with Jonathan Karl airing this morning on This Week.
 
 Check your local airtime here: http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/#map
44 years ago Neil Armstrong became the first man to set foot upon the moon in an incredible testament of courage, not just by one man, but by an entire nation.   This first anniversary of the moon landing since his passing should serve as a reminder of what Americans can and will accomplish again when we focus on leading the world rather than apologizing to it.
Further proof that fracking is a safe practice that fuels US jobs and economic growth.   LIKE if you agree the federal government should stop stifling this boon to growth!
Putin's crackdown continues: dissident Alexei Navalny sentenced to 5 years in prison.
Great conversation on the Gang of Eight's immigration bill, Benghazi, and more with Simon Conway earlier today.   Hope you'll listen & SHARE!
A confirmation day conversion from UN nominee Samantha Power? Does she really believe "America is the greatest country on earth" or are we still “a colossus that bestrides the earth?”
Just cast my vote against Thomas Perez for Secretary of Labor.
Mr. President, if Obamacare is "working the way it's supposed to," you've made a pretty strong case for fully defunding it.
Proud of the efforts of Governor Perry, the Texas legislature, and the thousands of Texans who got involved in the legislative process to speak up for the unborn. 
 
 Because of your efforts, HB 2 has been signed by the Governor -- an important step that will strengthen protections of innocent, unborn life and improve the safety and health of Texas women
Thanks to Tom Marshburn and Chris Hadfield for dropping by our office and for all the great research aboard the International Space Station.
It is utterly and completely indefensible that the Gang of Eight Bill and Obamacare penalize businesses that hire a citizen or a legal permanent resident over an illegal immigrant.
It is critical we champion legal immigration. This Gang of Eight bill doesn't do that, fails to fix the problem, and encourages more illegal immigration.
 
 It must be stopped.
Obamacare is a colossal mistake and the time to act is now.  I've introduced a bill to defund it.
Then why the delays and waivers?
Great news: the Texas Senate has finally passed HB 2. Thanks for standing for life!
More of your taxpayer dollars being wasted on Obamacare indoctrination: http://herit.ag/15nBRUK
Happy Birthday to a brave young warrior for women's rights around the globe, Malala Yousafzai.
Without life, there is no liberty; without life, there is no pursuit of happiness.
 
 The Texas Senate is scheduled to vote on HB 2 today. SHARE if you Stand for life!
I agree with the lead Senate author of Obamacare, Democrat Senator Max Baucus, that Obamacare has become a "huge train wreck."
 
 Consistent with my long-standing position that no continuing resolution or other appropriations measure should fund Obamacare, I am introducing a bill to permanently defund the law: http://1.usa.gov/15jsl58
 
 SHARE if you're with me!
House Bill 2 is an important step that will strengthen protections of innocent, unborn life and improve the safety and health of Texas women. I hope the Texas Senate will take swift action to pass this legislation for the good of all Texas children and their mothers.  Our nation was founded on the principle that we are endowed by our Creator with unalienable rights – among them, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. America’s founders knew that life comes first. Without life, there is no liberty; without life, there is no pursuit of happiness.  I am incredibly thankful for and proud of the principled leaders in our Texas Legislature and the many Texas groups who have brought this issue to the forefront, refusing to give up on this important legislation.
The Texas House of Representatives is debating HB 2 today. 
 
 SHARE to make your voice heard and take a Stand for Life!
Like this license plate? 
 
 http://legalinsurrection.com/2013/07/yes-virginia-there-is-a-santa/
If President Obama will ignore the employer mandate in Obamacare, why wouldn't he ignore border security requirements in the immigration bill?
Obamacare is "the fiasco for the ages."  LIKE if you agree!
Wishing a very happy birthday to the 46th Governor of Texas, the 43rd President of the United States, and a great American patriot, George W. Bush!
Encouraging to see more Americans exercising their Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms!
Each year, we gather together to celebrate the birth of our nation. Happy Independence Day!
Heidi and I wish everyone a safe and happy Fourth of July, and may God watch over those in harm's way defending our independence.
Hard to believe it's already been six months since swearing-in!   Honored for the chance to fight for Texas in the Senate.
Our economy is stuck and Americans are out of work. We can do better with a lot less burdensome regulation.  Please listen and SHARE our latest Freedom Minute:
Heard the Obama Administration may delay the Obamacare employer mandate for 1 year. 
 
 How about we delay it all forever with a full repeal?
As the Catholic Church observes the Freedom Fortnight in the lead up to the 4th of July, this is a must-read by Archbishop Lori of Baltimore on how the HHS mandate represents an intolerable encroachment on the ability of religious institutions to minister to the poorest and most vulnerable in our society.
Prayers for Father Francois Murad, beheaded by al Qaida jihadists in Syria.  A grim reminder of why we should not give arms to these people, and why it is so important they do not gain access to Assad's chemical weapons stockpiles. Continued prayers for for the two bishops kidnapped in April and for all of the Christians suffering or under threat in that country.
Greatly enjoyed the opportunity to tour the Port of Houston  and learn about its importance to the Texas and national economies.
After these revelations of political targeting by the IRS, we need to padlock and shut down the building, abolish the IRS, and move to a flat tax or the FAIR Tax.
 
 Like if you agree!
Heavy hearts for the families and friends of the firefighters tragically lost in the line of duty in Arizona. Keep them in your prayers.
The Obamacare train wreck is coming: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2013/06/29/Gallup-43-of-Uninsured-Americans-Unaware-of-Obamacare-Fines
A great honor and privilege to join First Baptist Church in Dallas to discuss the importance of Faith and Freedom in America!
Deeply honored to join the National Right to Life Conference today and stand for life.
 
 Every baby is a gift from God and deserves to be protected.
No one loses when Shiner and Blue Bell are involved. Sen. John Cornyn and I making good on our Spurs/Heat NBA Finals bet with our Florida colleagues.
Vote is expected today on the Gang of Eight "amnesty now, border security later (never)" bill.
 
 SHARE if you don't want to repeat the mistakes of the 1986 amnesty!
Saying a prayer of support for those fighting for the unborn tonight in the Texas Senate.
Interacting with Obamacare, the Gang of Eight bill creates an enormous incentive to hire those here illegally by creating a $5,000 statutory penalty for hiring American citizens and legal immigrants.
 
 This makes no sense.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
 
 SHARE if you don't want to repeat the mistakes of the 1986 amnesty!
If you're in DFW, I hope you'll tune in to the Ben Ferguson Show -- I'll be joining him around 9:45 am CT to talk about yesterday's immigration vote, problems with the bill, and where it goes from here.  Tune in to WBAP or listen online:
Great discussion with Sean Hannity about today's vote, fixing our broken immigration system, and putting real teeth into border security.  Catch it on Fox News tonight on Hannity.
This "border security" amendment to the Gang of Eight deal is very reminiscent of Wimpy from Popeye: I will gladly secure the border next Tuesday for legalization today.
The Gang of Eight deal interacts with Obamacare to subsidize the hiring of illegal immigrants over legal immigrants and even citizens. 
 
 In response, I proposed an amendment to the bill to defund Obamacare and ensure that doesn't happen. SHARE if you're with me!
This pass amnesty first, read the bill later “deal” from the Senate must be rejected!   Watch & SHARE why:
The Gang of Eight bill is a mess. It is repeating the same failed pattern of the 1986 amnesty.  Watch and SHARE why it must be stopped.
LIKE to stop the Gang of Eight bill and get serious about securing the border?
Great graphic from the Wall Street Journal. The markets and the economy are hanging on every word from the Fed. 
 
 Maybe that's part of the problem.
Meanwhile the People's House is STILL closed for tours.
Enjoyed visiting with Texas Tech President M. Duane Nellis today. 
 
 Great to discuss how we can promote greater opportunity for the next generation of Texans.
From the east side of the Brandenburg Gate, President Obama gave an extraordinary speech today sketching out his plans for a new global order in which traditional national security interests will be replaced by a collective approach to everything from global warming to nuclear weapon capability.  The irony, of course, is that President Obama was free to stand on the formerly-Soviet side of the Brandenburg Gate and opine about global peace with justice because of the strength of the very nuclear arsenal he now proposes to dismantle. While the President claimed today that at the end of the Cold War, “Openness won. Tolerance won. And freedom won here in Berlin,” the reality is that the United States of America won. The Berlin wall did not come down simply because the German people dreamed of freedom. The Berlin came wall down because an American President distilled his policy towards the Soviet Union into a simple formula: “We win, they lose.”  If history be our guide, although the notion of “peace with justice” that the President mentioned ten times in his speech may sound appealing, we will be far better served by President Reagan’s policy of “peace through strength,” which cannot be achieved by appeasement or yet another round of nuclear cuts by the Obama administration.
LIKE if you agree it is time to abolish the IRS!
Just spoke with Rush Limbaugh about my opposition to the Gang of Eight's immigration bill.   Listen and SHARE if you agree we must secure the border now!
Joining Rush Limbaugh live on air around 12:05 pm CT. Hope you'll tune in or listen online:
Sequester? What sequester? After harassing conservative groups, the IRS will now pay out $70 million of YOUR tax dollars in bonuses.   Time to abolish it.
Have a minute for freedom?  Listen and SHARE if you agree it is time to abolish the IRS!
Anyone know if President Obama intends to perform background checks on the Syrian rebels before providing them weapons?
It is critical that we stand with small businesses and everyday Americans to oppose the Internet sales tax.
A new office, protecting the integrity of our elections, defending the religious liberty of our service members and more in our latest newsletter.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
Great news! If you're visiting our DC office, we've moved out of our temporary office space and into our new office in SD185.
Father's Day:  my Dad and me, moments before tip-off of Game 5. Go Spurs Go!!
I'd like to wish all the fathers out there a wonderful Father’s Day. Take your kids to the park, hug them tightly, tell them you love them, and thank God for them and for His many blessings on your family. There’s no more important job than being a father, and a strong, loving Dad gives every child the foundation he or she needs to brave this world. 
 
 My own Dad has been my hero my entire life. He is a man of faith and deep integrity, a man who loves liberty with all his heart. His truly American story of fleeing oppression in Cuba with nothing more than $100 to his name and finding success through hard work and perserverence has inspired me my entire life. Today, my Dad is a pastor, and through his life I have seen every day his love and faith in Jesus. Each Dad should endeavor to reflect our heavenly Father’s love for us, and my Dad has done that throughout my life.
 
 Five years ago, I became a Dad myself, and I learned firsthand just how strong a father’s love could be. There is nothing I would not do for my two daughters. I continue to fight each and every day to preserve this Shining City on a Hill for them–-working to ensure that my girls inherit the same blessed land of liberty and opportunity that each of us has been so priviliged to enjoy–is what keeps me going. For the first time in American history, our children are facing growing up in a country that may well be worse off than it was for the previous generation. This is completely and utterly unacceptable; we cannot selfishly spend away the futures of our children. And I know millions of mothers and fathers across the State share that very same commitment, to turn our country around.
Today on Flag Day and the 238th birthday of the United States Army, we celebrate the symbol of our great nation and the men and women who fought to secure our freedom around the globe.   Because of their brave sacrifices, the flag continues to serve as the brightest beacon for liberty and unlimited opportunity that the world has ever seen.
Glad for the chance to speak to Remington -- a true American patriot on his way to attend the Naval Academy and serve our great nation.   Proud of his stand for the Constitution and thankful for the work of the Liberty Institute to defend him.
Great discussion on how we fight back against the assault on religious liberty in our nation with the Faith & Freedom Coalition this afternoon.
Agree?
Obamacare is delivering alright...but what? More power to the IRS, layoffs, tax hikes, higher unemployment, and higher premiums.
 
 LIKE to deliver a full repeal?
Patriotic socks in honor of an American patriot. Wishing a very happy 89th birthday to President George H.W. Bush!
This debate is about one simple thing. If we're going to raise the debt ceiling, it should require 60 votes, not a simple partisan majority, so that we have a conversation about fixing the deep fiscal and economic challenges in this country.
Outrageous: even MORE evidence the IRS is out of control and should be abolished and our tax code reformed to be simple and flat.
We have discovered over the past few months an ongoing pattern of wanton disregard not only for Americans' privacy, but for the truth – DOJ's refusal to be forthcoming about drone policy, IRS's targeting groups for their political beliefs and then misleading the American people about it, DOJ's targeting of journalists for doing their jobs, and now what seems an unprecedented intrusion into Americans' personal phone records and potentially into their broader online activities.
Attorney General Holder says he won't resign until he accomplishes all his goals.   I guess there are still some amendments in the Bill of Rights left unviolated…
Sharing the importance of promoting policies that encourage growth and opportunity with America's Future Foundation.
LIKE to see this? It's time to abolish the IRS!
A great pleasure to join The Mark Davis Show to discuss our fight to abolish the IRS and more.   Hope you'll listen and SHARE!
Twenty-four years after Tiananmen Square, President Obama should encourage President Xi to release political prisoners and embrace democratic reforms.
Quick poll. Is it time to abolish the IRS?   Comment below with YES or NO!
Praying for the safety of those so bravely putting their lives on the line to fight a massive fire in Houston:
Terrific conversation on the future of the conservative movement with Professor George at my alma mater.
 
 It is critical that we make the argument that conservative policies help those struggling to climb the economic ladder and create greater opportunity for everyone.
Attorney General Eric Holder is set to meet with members of the press to review how the Department of Justice handles investigations: http://bit.ly/Zt56HU
 
 If you could ask him one question, comment below with what you would ask!
A majority of Americans want to repeal Obamacare.   LIKE if you are one of them!
It was a great privilege to join Hillsdale College for their commencement. You can watch the address tonight on CSPAN around 7:25 CT. http://www.c-span.org/
The latest edition of "Rich States, Poor States" makes the case that limited regulation, low taxes, low debt, and balanced budgets create the best environment for business, investment, and jobs.
Texas is showing the country how it's done. Low, predictable taxes and regulations are creating growth, jobs, and opportunity.
This budget debate is about only one issue — raising the debt ceiling. Everything else is just smoke.
It's time to stop our unsustainable debt.
  
 SHARE if you agree!
Why I voted against the Gang of Eight's immigration reform bill in the Senate Judiciary Committee:
Troubling: the IRS official who oversaw overzealous questioning of Tea Party groups may refuse to answer Congressional questions.
Proud to offer amendments to the immigration reform legislation that would help solve many of the problems facing our broken immigration system:
Rather than dragging Apple through the mud, we ought to be asking what steps can be taken to simplify the tax code and encourage companies to keep capital at home:
How you can help those affected by yesterday's devastating tornado in Oklahoma:
Praying for the safety of our neighbors up north in Oklahoma with the ongoing severe weather.
With the coverup of Fast and Furious and the Department of Justice targeting the press, Sen. John Cornyn is right — it is past time for Attorney General Eric Holder to go.  LIKE if you agree!
How about some good news to start your Sunday?  At least we don't live in France!
Right now, America's sons, daughters, brothers, sisters, husbands & wives continue to risk their lives to keep us safe from the forces of evil.
 
 On this Armed Forces Day, we should not forget the sacrifices of these great patriots and their families.  The title of greatest generation of Americans belongs to each generation that stands on the wall in defense of liberty.
Today is a celebration of you and your hard work -- congratulations to all the Texas Tech graduates!
 
 Throughout history, we have carried the torch of freedom. Graduating from Texas Tech, y'all are prepared to go forward carrying that torch.
Biggest takeaway from the IRS hearing: "I'll have to get back with you" is apparently an acceptable response to the IRS.   Remember that on April 15th.
Sorry Vice President Joe Biden, even Jim and Pam have packed up and gone to Texas!
Glad to see the Third Circuit shoot down President Obama's attempt at unconstitutional "recess" appointments while the Senate wasn't in recess.   LIKE If you agree the last thing the Obama Administration needs is MORE power.
Do we really want to put the IRS in charge of compiling all of our personal health information under Obamacare?
Great to join my friends at the Heritage Foundation Prosperity Caucus this evening!
Joint statement with John Cornyn on today's Water Resource and Development Act (WRDA) vote:  Texas has taken significant steps to ensure a robust water infrastructure in the years to come as our state remains one of the fastest growing in the nation. The WRDA legislation that passed through the Senate today contains numerous meritorious projects we support, including those of national scope and that are important to Texas. However, this bill fails to fix an incredibly ineffective system.  For instance, the bill neglects to reduce a substantial backlog of projects, to the detriment of projects with national implications, such as the Sabine-Neches Waterway that has taken 14 years to get approval just to begin construction. Additionally, it expands the Army Corps of Engineers' responsibilities without providing adequate measures for state participation, and eliminates measures designed to ensure projects stay on budget.  Our hope is that we can work with our House colleagues to fix the problems in this bill and ensure an effective and accountable system for water supply and navigation needs in Texas.
Insurers predict 100-400% insurance rate increases.   Does President Obama call that "affordable"?
Obamacare isn't even fully implemented yet and it's already so short on funds HHS is going hat-in-hand to the private sector. So much for "Affordable Care Act."  We need to repeal this bill!
Today we pause to thank our mothers for being sources of inspiration, strength, and never-ending love. In particular, I'd like to thank two very special mothers: my mom, for her courage, her insight, and her unconditional love and support my whole life; and Heidi, for being my soulmate and best friend and for her fierce love and devotion to our two precious little girls. Without these two women, I truly wouldn't be who I am today. Happy Mother's Day!
Congratulations to the 2013 graduates of Hillsdale College. It was a privilege to join you on this special day!
Meeting with Hillsdale College President Larry Arnn before today's commencement.
It's outrageous that tea party groups were targeted by the IRS. Freedom-loving patriots deserve more than an apology from the government.   LIKE if you agree!
Revisionist history by the Administration on Benghazi?    We need to find out why:
Sen. Schumer and other members of the Judiciary Committee dismiss our very serious concerns with the border -- rejecting an amendment from Sen. John Cornyn to enhance security.  I invited them to Texas to visit with farmers and ranchers who are dealing with armed coyotes coming onto their property and to see pictures of women and children who have died in the desert trying to cross the border.
About President Obama's visit to Texas today...
Glad to join United States Senator Mike Lee and U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham to ensure that the religious liberties of our service men and women are protected.
Enjoyed the opportunity to visit with the Bryan/College Station Chamber of Commerce this afternoon!
Great pleasure to speak with The Kudlow Report about today's Internet sales tax vote. Don't miss it tonight at the top of the 6 pm CT hour.
Will be live with Neil Cavuto on Fox News around 3:30 pm CT to talk about my opposition to the Internet sales tax.  Hope you'll tune in!
Congratulations to today's Southwestern Adventist University graduates!
A great pleasure to join President Eric Anderson and all of Southwestern Adventist University for today's commencement ceremony.
A great honor to address the NRA convention this afternoon in Houston.
April '13: 165,000 new jobs under Obama: http://fxn.ws/12vXCzc  September '83: Over 1 million new jobs under Reagan: http://cnnmon.ie/Azu4Vg
Enjoyed the chance to spend the evening with my friends at the Institute for Policy Innovation.
Great to sit down with small business owners this afternoon in San Antonio to hear how we can better unleash the private sector.
In my short tenure, my focus has been -- and will remain -- on two things:  fighting for conservative principles in the Senate, and working to help elect strong conservatives to win a majority in the Senate in 2014.  The Senate is the battlefield to defend liberty.    I was elected because thousands of grassroots conservatives came together to protect the Constitution, shrink the federal government, and promote growth and opportunity.  It is a continued source of amazement that the simple fact that I am working hard with like-minded Senators to keep my promise is seen as newsworthy and cause for wild speculation.
The Internet sales tax bill will require online retailers to file 46 sales tax returns to various states EACH MONTH. We must kill the bill before it kills small business.
President Obama says Obamacare is working 'fine.'  Mr. President, you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Protecting the freedom of the Internet, securing the border, and more in our latest newsletter.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
Great to visit with the Texas Grain & Feed Association. They know that we've got to get economic growth going in this country again!
In the face of adversity, the best of the American spirit has always come shining through. This was especially true in Boston and West, Texas.  Listen to and SHARE our latest Freedom Minute segment.
Happy to work with anyone if it means we are protecting the constitutional liberties of American citizens, though disappointed the Obama Administration failed to even provide a witness after the drone hearing was pushed back to accommodate it.
CBS News took a look at the first few months of our fight to champion liberty and the Constitution in the Senate.    Hope you'll watch and SHARE the video:
Unfortunately, today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing failed to provide specific, measurable ways DHS would verify border security if the immigration bill was made law and millions of illegal immigrants were given legal status.  Today's testimony did not offer adequate answers as to how provisions in this bill will help achieve a secure border. And currently, there are no objective metrics in place to ensure any triggers in this bill will be meaningful, all while the pathway to citizenship component remains contingent on this undefined border security: http://1.usa.gov/17VoDSk
How to help in West, a major victory for the Second Amendment, and more!  Read and SHARE our latest newsletter.
I'm tremendously relieved the remaining Boston bombing suspect has been apprehended; congratulations to local and federal authorities. I continue to pray for the victims and hope this is an isolated incident.
Joined Senator John Cornyn to visit the site of the West explosion, get briefed on the latest, and speak with victims, volunteers and first responders.
Looking forward to speaking with Mark Levin tonight at 7:30 PM CT.   Hope you'll tune in or listen online: http://www.marklevinshow.com
Speaking on my amendment to provide resources to prosecute violent criminals and protect the Second Amendment.
Pathway to a national gun registry was just defeated in the Senate.   A crucial victory for the Second Amendment.
Press conference to introduce gun bill substitute that increases resources to prosecute criminals & protects Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens.
Our prayers are with those injured and the first responders at the Boston Marathon.
The government should take in only the money it needs to perform its core constitutional functions.   Tax Day video message:
I join with the citizens of Israel in celebrating their nation's 65th Independence Day. Congratulations to this crucial ally of the United States.
Bob Perry was a true American patriot.  He built an incredible business from the ground up, employing thousands and building homes for tens of thousands.  And he gave selflessly and sacrificially to the political process.  There was nobody like Bob Perry -- he never wanted anything in return, other than principled, effective leaders in government.  He loved this country with all his heart.  Bob was an inspiration and a good friend, and he will very much be missed.
It will take the average taxpayer 46 more years of paying taxes to pay for one robosquirrel. 
 
 That's just nutty!
It's happened again. It's Tax Day, and you deserve a government that spends those dollars much more wisely.
SHARE if you stand against a national gun registry!
Why is the Senate voting on a gun bill no one has even read? Joint statement with United States Senator Mike Lee and Senator Rand Paul:  This morning the Senate will vote on the motion to proceed to the firearms bill (S.649). It is expected that the Toomey-Manchin provision announced yesterday will replace the current language regarding background checks. Yet, as of this morning, not a single senator has been provided the legislative language of this provision. Because the background-check measure is the centerpiece of this legislation it is critical that we know what is in the bill before we vote on it. The American people expect more and deserve better.  Unfortunately, the effort to push through legislation that no one had read highlights one of the primary reasons we announced our intention to force a 60 vote threshold. We believe the abuse of the process is how the rights of Americans are systematically eroded and we will continue to do everything in our power to prevent it.
Looking forward to talking about the latest in the fight to defend the Second Amendment and the entire Bill of Rights with Sean Hannity on Fox News tonight around 8:30 PM CT.  Hope you'll tune in!
Great discussion with Lou Dobbs. Catch it tonight on Fox Business around 6:30 PM CT.
We should vigorously protect the Second Amendment and the Bill of Rights — this is what the fight is about.   Listen to more from my discussion with Laura Ingraham:
Will be live on the air with the Great One, Mark Levin, at 7:30 PM CT. Hope you'll join us!
Did you know the Supreme Court has unanimously rejected the Obama Administration's arguments for more federal power six times since January of 2012?   Read and SHARE our report:
Great to have a chance to visit with prospective SFA students this afternoon.
Terrific crowd of Austinites for a discussion about how we bring back economic growth to our nation.
Great to speak with concerned citizens in Midland about the fight to repeal Obamacare and get our nation's fiscal house in order.
Congratulations to my friend Jim DeMint for his first day as The Heritage Foundation President. Looking forward to a new era of bold, conservative leadership!
Speaking with the Abilene Chamber of Commerce about pushing policies that encourage growth to solve our country's economic problems.
SHARE if you agree the government should cut extravagant parties at the White House — not cancer treatment for Medicare patients.
Folks in Lubbock know that the number one thing the government can do for health care is get out of the way!
President Obama is expected to sign the UN Arms Treaty, but I promise to fight this and all other efforts to infringe on our Second Amendment rights.  Hear more from my interview with Ben Ferguson this morning.
Looking forward to speaking with the Ben Ferguson Show this morning on WBAP in DFW. Hope you'll listen at 9:25 AM CT.
Will join The Chad Hasty Show live around 9:05 AM CT on KFYO in Lubbock. Hope you'll tune in or listen online:
Glad to see Houston’s Noble Energy involved in Israel’s bid for energy independence through offshore natural gas.
Remarkable. Of the 100 largest cities in America, only 14 have more jobs than before the recession.    Six of those cities are in Texas.
President Obama promised to lower health care premiums by up to $2,500 by the end of his first term.
 
 April Fools!
You can't make this stuff up: NYT forced to issue a correction on Easter, a blessed holiday about which they apparently were not that familiar...
Sitting down with Gov. Rick Perry, Sen. John Cornyn, and other Texas leaders discussing the devastating impact Medicaid Expansion would have on Texas and the importance of opposing it.
President Obama: "If you like the plan you have, you can keep it."
 
 April Fools!
President Obama: "I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits." 
 
 April Fools!
Truly saddening to see a young person suffer such a tragic injury. Thoughts and prayers are with Kevin Ware for a full and speedy recovery.
From my family to yours, wishing you a blessed and happy Easter!
Great to join the Nueces County Republican Party for their Lincoln Dinner on board the USS Lexington.
In any conversation about how to prevent future tragedies such as Sandy Hook, our focus should be on stopping criminals from obtaining guns. Unfortunately, the Obama Administration has failed to make this a priority — in 2010, out of more than 15,700 fugitives and felons who tried to illegally purchase a firearm, the Obama Justice Department prosecuted only 44. That is unacceptable.  It is saddening to see the President today, once again, try to take advantage of this tragic murder to promote an agenda that will do nothing to stop violent crime, but will undermine the constitutional rights of all law-abiding Americans. I am committed to working with Sens. Rand Paul, Mike Lee, Marco Rubio, and Jim Inhofe--and I hope many other colleagues--to use any procedural means necessary to protect those fundamental rights.
Enjoyed the chance to speak with Dallas area small business owners at this morning's roundtable hosted by Google and Intuit.
Great honor to have the opportunity to meet with servicemen and women and tour Sheppard Air Force Base this afternoon.
Great to meet with Wichita Falls area job creators this afternoon.
Another study showing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is making health care less affordable.   LIKE if you think we should repeal Obamacare!
Hold onto your wallets. WSJ reports Obamacare is causing insurers to warn customers about skyrocketing premiums on the horizon (http://on.wsj.com/14fTGII).
An oldie but a goodie. And a great reminder that we cannot keep selling off our children's future because we are too irresponsible to live within our means.
Offered an amendment to the Senate Budget Resolution that said instead of sending $250 million without conditions to Egypt, a nation that has proven indifferent, if not outright hostile to U.S. interests, we should use these funds in a way that clearly provides for the national security of Americans here at home.   Hope you'll watch and SHARE.
On the Senate floor offering an amendment to the Senate Budget Resolution to repeal Obamacare.
 
 SHARE if you want it to pass!
The Obamacare Medicaid mandate would have cost Texas $4 billion. Good for Gov. Rick Perry for rejecting the expansion.
Thanks to everyone who joined Texas Tuesday Coffee this morning. Always great to visit with Texans!
Great to have the opportunity to chat with Sean Hannity. Look for it tonight on Fox News at 8 PM CT.
Forbes: Want to get Americans back to work? Repeal Obamacare.
Appearing on America's News Headquarters with Shannon Bream between 11 AM and 12 PM CT on Fox News today. Hope you'll tune in.
Great to have the opportunity to chat with Neil Cavuto live on Fox News.
Glad to discuss the Second Amendment with my Senate Judiciary Committee colleagues:
Employers find ANOTHER Obamacare fee. This one will cost them, collectively, $25 billion in 3 years.   That’s $25 billion less for paychecks
God bless bloggers. Great to join Blog Bash at CPAC.
Pleased to ask the President about pro-growth tax and regulatory reform at today's Senate Republican lunch. Hope we can work together to unshackle the private sector.
I am proud to join millions of Catholics in celebrating the historic election of Pope Francis. Let us pray for the new Holy Father that he will lead the Catholic Church with strength and wisdom as he spreads the Gospel to all nations.
Terrific honor to join the Weyrich Awards Dinner this evening.
I gave my first major speech on the Senate floor today, pointing out all the promises Obamacare has already broken and explaining why it must be defunded in order to restore economic growth. Hope you'll watch it here:
I am proud that Senate Republicans stood united today and voted unanimously to defund Obamacare. While I'm disappointed that the amendment did not pass, we will not give up. And today's vote demonstrates that the fight to repeal Obamacare is far from over.  Every Democrat voted in lockstep today to continue Obamacare, despite the significant harms it is already inflicting on seniors, on young people, on Hispanics and African-Americans, on single moms, and on everyone else struggling to climb the economic ladder. And every Democrat voted for continued costs, burdens, and regulations on small businesses, which will kill even more jobs. Our economy is gasping for breath--last quarter, it grew just 0.1%--and implementing Obamacare now could well force us into a full recession. And yet, unfortunately, every Democrat voted to do just that.  Democrats and Republicans should work together on what should be our very top priority: restoring economic growth and expanding the opportunity for everyone to achieve the American dream. Unfortunately, today at least, the Senate did not do so.
All 45 Senate Republicans presented a united front today and agreed with the amendment to defund Obamacare.
At press conference explaining why we must defund Obamacare.
Rounding out the Top 10 Reasons to Defund Obamacare...
It makes no sense at all to implement Obamacare while the economy is gasping for breath.  See more from my interview on defunding Obamacare with The Kudlow Report:
Reason #2 to defund Obamacare -- it contains 20 tax increases.
 
 SHARE if you're taxed enough already!
NA
SHARE if you want to defund Obamacare and stop it from killing jobs!
Terrific crowd of Texans for coffee this morning. Thanks to everyone for joining us!
The #4 reason to defund Obamacare...
 
 Increased compliance costs dealing with rules written by unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats that are imposing an enormous burden – a burden that will only get worse.
On set with Greta Van Susteren.
Going On the Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight around 9:15 PM CT to talk about the fight to defund Obamacare. 
 
 SHARE to spread the word!
SHARE if you've already seen an increase in your health care premiums.
 
 Reason #5 to defund Obamacare:
Remember when President Obama said, “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan?” Not true for millions of Americans.
 
 Reason #6 to defund Obamacare...
Looking forward to speaking with Bob Cole on KOKE FM at 7:20 AM Texas time. Listen at 98.5 in Austin or online here: http://kokefm.com/listen-live/
Joining Bill Bennett live on the radio at 7:05 AM CT this morning. Tune in or listen online here: http://www.billbennett.com/
Obamacare's HHS mandate that employers provide health care coverage for contraception, including abortion-inducing drugs, even if it violates the religious beliefs of the employer, is an assault on religious liberty.
 
 SHARE and encourage your friends to join the fight to defund Obamacare!
Reason #8 for defunding Obamacare: Less innovation in health care services. 
 
 Since passage of Obamacare, venture capital investments going into new health care services to improve how and what we deliver in health care have ALREADY dropped significantly. 
 
 SHARE if you support spurring innovation and defunding Obamacare!
SHARE if you think Congress should defund Obamacare!
 
 Reason #9 to defund it is...
Speaker Pelosi urged Congress to pass Obamacare so that we could "find out what is in it." We're counting down the top 10 things that may leave you feeling ill.  SHARE if you agree we must defund Obamacare!
Greatly appreciate Senator Jim Inhofe, United States Senator Mike Lee, Senator Rand Paul, and Senator Marco Rubio for supporting my amendment to Restore Growth and Defund Obamacare. SHARE if you are with us!
  
 We must restore economic growth, so we can ensure continued strength, prosperity, and opportunity for the next generations. 
  
 Obamacare does precisely the opposite, and if it is fully implemented, it will create an even further drag on the economy, killing jobs and making it harder for those struggling to climb the economic ladder.
Read and SHARE the text of the bill that would ensure American citizens aren’t killed with drones on U.S. soil: http://1.usa.gov/13Jiw3g
Proud to join Senator Rand Paul in introducing legislation to prohibit drone killings of U.S. citizens on U.S. soil if they do not represent an imminent threat.  Our Constitution restrains government power. The federal government may not use drones to kill U.S. citizens on U.S. soil if they do not represent an imminent threat. The Commander in Chief does, of course, have the power to protect Americans from imminent attack, and nothing in this legislation interferes with that power.
Reading tweets supporting Senator Rand Paul for taking a stand for liberty:
In my view, Obamacare should be fully repealed, and I have introduced legislation to do so.
 
 At a minimum, however, it should not be implemented at time when our economy is struggling so mightily, at a time when its implementation could push us into a full recession.
 
 Therefore, when the Senate votes on the Continuing Resolution, I intend to offer a “Restore Growth First” amendment which will delay funding of Obamacare. I believe we should continue to delay such funding at least until economic growth returns to historic averages, and I intend to object to consideration of any Continuing Resolution that does not include a vote to delay funding of Obamacare.
 
 Read the full statement on my Continuing Resolution amendment to defund Obamacare here: http://1.usa.gov/10fM6fI
Great time discussing how to unleash the private sector and allow small business to prosper with the Greater San Antonio & Hispanic Chambers of Commerce this morning at the SA to DC Conference.
Fred Thompson is exactly right: President Obama, unfortunately, is obsessively focused on pressing partisan wedge issues and embracing unabashed liberalism--and the media's refusing to call him on it.    Given the enormous fiscal and economic challenges facing our Nation, it's time for President Obama to stop being Campaigner-in-Chief and start being willing to work in a bipartisan manner to pass pro-growth legislation and help get Americans working again.
NA
Smoking gun memo: Obama Administration, in writing, instructs agencies to make sequester cuts as painful as possible. Shameless and relentlessly partisan: http://bit.ly/ZdIpkB
 
 Rather than threatening police, firefighters, teachers, and air traffic controllers, President Obama should cancel the $250 million in aid to Egypt that was announced this week, and use it instead to fund vital priorities and to pay down our debt.
Terrific op-ed by Arthur Brooks, president of AEI, making the very same point that I've been pressing:  that Republicans should focus like a laser on "opportunity conservatism," explaining how conservative policies expand opportunity, improve the material well-being of the least off among us, and ease the means of ascent up the economic ladder.  How empowerment and expanding personal responsibility helps those struggling to achieve the American dream.  Brooks explains:  "America's poor people have been saddled with generations of disastrous progressive policy results, from welfare-induced dependency to failing schools that continue to trap millions of children."  "Meanwhile, the record of free enterprise in improving the lives of the poor both here and abroad is spectacular."   Brooks continues:  "[T]he answer is to make improving the lives of vulnerable people the primary focus of authentically conservative policies. For example, the core problem with out-of-control entitlements is not that they are costly—it is that the impending insolvency of Social Security and Medicare imperils the social safety net for the neediest citizens. Education innovation and school choice are not needed to fight rapacious unions and bureaucrats—too often the most prominent focus of conservative education concerns—but because poor children and their parents deserve better schools."  Read the whole article here:
Encouraged to see Governor Rick Perry holding strong against overloading Medicaid. I hope Texas lawmakers will do the same. Expanding an already broken federal program will harm low-income Texans and strangle Texas’ budget by crowding out other state priorities like education and public safety.  The way to reduce the number of uninsured Texans is to grow the economy so they can get good-paying jobs.
A great honor to join the Federalist Society Student Symposium in Austin on Texas Independence Day.
While battle raged at the Alamo 177 years ago, a free Republic was born when delegates from across Texas met to declare their independence from a Mexican government that had "ceased to protect the lives, liberty, and property of the people, from whom its legitimate powers are derived."
 
 The men who declared Texas Independence knew with every fiber of their being what the price of liberty was, and that same appreciation of liberty still guides the Lone Star State today. We owe it to those who sacrificed it all to fight back whenever freedom is threatened.
 
 I hope you have a happy Texas Independence Day, remember the brave Texians who laid it all on the line, and always stand for liberty.
What an incredible two months! Wanted to update you about what I'm working on in Washington and around Texas.  Hope you'll read and SHARE!
Conservative states, by promoting policies like lower taxes that encourage enterprise and entrepreneurship, are leading the nation in population, job, and economic growth.   Washington could learn a thing or two from their successful model.
William Barret Travis' "Victory or Death" letter returns to the Alamo and will be on display starting this Saturday, February 23rd, through March 7th. Will you go see it?
Welcome to Texas!
What better place for a Lincoln Day Dinner than a city named Independence?
If we want to turn around our economy, small businesses like Lodge Lumber here in Houston will be the key to doing so.
Pleasure to visit Texas Tool & Die in Dallas this morning. Small business is the engine that drives the American economy.
Tremendously humbled to participate in Chief Warrant Officer Jerry Hamilton's Purple Heart ceremony at Brooke Army Medical Center today to honor his service. He is part of a distinguished, noble group of Americans who have sacrificed to preserve the cause of freedom.
Great time visiting one of the nation's finest rifle manufacturers, LaRue Tactical, for a press conference discussing the fight to defend our Second Amendment rights.
Unhappy fourth birthday to the stimulus bill!   What do we have to show for adding a trillion dollars to our debt? Three million fewer jobs and an unemployment rate 2.7 points higher than we were promised!
This past week might have been a good time for me to take my own advice about not reading the New York Times. Appreciate this piece from Commentary Magazine.
Will be joining Sean Hannity live on Fox News at 10 pm CT tonight to give my reaction to the State of the Union Address. Hope you'll tune in!
Statement regarding my VAWA vote, which defends states' jurisdiction over criminal law.
One of the largest straw purchasers we have seen in recent years was, sadly, the United States of America in the Fast and Furious program, which sent thousands of firearms -- deliberately allowed them to go into the hands of violent drug cartels -- which in turn were used to murder hundreds of innocent citizens in Mexico and at least one federal law enforcement officer.
Delivering the keynote address at the Young Conservatives of Texas 33rd Annual State Convention in Austin.
Looking forward to joining Young Conservatives of Texas for their State Convention tonight. These impassioned young people are the future of Texas and the nation.
Small business drives the U.S. economy, and Texas is leading the way:
Thanks to Dr. Ellen Ochoa and everyone at Johnson Space Center for the terrific tour of the campus today.
Appreciate National Review's write up about my first month in office:
President Obama claimed today that nothing is being done to subvert the Second Amendment.   Banning guns for cosmetic features and arbitrary magazine capacity limits sound like subversions of the Second Amendment to me. What do you think?
NA
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel recently sent letters urging Bank of America and TD Bank Group to stop doing business with Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger & Co.   I wrote a letter in response, urging Mayor Emanuel to keep his attacks on the Second Amendment north of the Red River and to let the companies know that their business would be welcomed in Texas.   Hope you'll take a moment to read and SHARE the letter:
I appreciate the good work that senators in both parties have put into trying to fix our broken immigration system. There are some good elements in this proposal, especially increasing the resources and manpower to secure our border and also improving and streamlining legal immigration.   However, I have deep concerns with the proposed path to citizenship. To allow those who came here illegally to be placed on such a path is both inconsistent with rule of law and profoundly unfair to the millions of legal immigrants who waited years, if not decades, to come to America legally.
The EPA and radical environmentalism strike again. This time, jeopardizing thousands of Texas jobs:
We are on the verge of a rebirth of conservatism. How do we make that happen? Two words for every Republican to remember: Opportunity and Growth.  Watch and SHARE video from National Review Institute Summit speech yesterday:
Honored to join the National Review Institute Summit this afternoon.  Two words for every member of the Republican Party to learn: Growth & Opportunity.
Today, and every day, we remember the 55 million children whose lives have been lost to abortion. 
 
 I commend the thousands of Americans who have traveled to our Nation’s capital for the 2013 March for Life. America is blessed to have so many passionate men and women willing to devote their time, efforts, and prayers to protect the unborn: http://1.usa.gov/14cYQ6p
Sen. Feinstein’s Assault Weapons Ban of 2013 would have done nothing to prevent the terrible murders in Newtown, but it would limit the constitutional liberties of law-abiding citizens.  I look forward to helping lead the fight to defeat this bill and to protect our constitutional right to keep and bear arms.
Joined Senator John Hoeven this afternoon for a press conference supporting the Keystone Pipeline: http://bit.ly/XZ1qIG
 
 I hope the President will act to remove the barriers and approve this pipeline -- LIKE if you do too!
Beyonce, lip-syncing or not, did an amazing job with the National Anthem. Here's my iPhone video from the Capitol steps. Even though I wish the outcome of the presidential election had been different, it was nonetheless an incredible honor to participate in the Constitutional process of the Inauguration.
NA
Our deepest sympathies go out to the families and friends of the Texans killed in Algeria. In this time of great grief, please keep them in your thoughts and prayers.  Joint statement with Senator John Cornyn:
Great way to start your morning. Texas Tuesday Coffee with Senator John Cornyn and fellow Texans.
NA
Great to join Senator John Cornyn and community leaders to learn more about the Galveston Plan — an alternative to Social Security that has provided greater benefits for its participants.
A tremendous honor to have a chance to visit with the men and women putting their lives on the line to defend our freedom.
Take a look at what was just delivered to the office.   Can't wait to get it up on the wall!
Fun fact: my desk in the U.S. Senate Chamber was previously occupied by Phil Gramm, Richard Nixon, and (very cool) Barry Goldwater.   Quite the legacy to try to continue.
Honored to join Sen. McConnell and the new Republican Senators to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu.
Today, Vice President Biden strongly suggested that the Administration would issue executive orders to "take action" with respect to gun control. Let us hope that this is just another one of the Vice President's infamous gaffes and not another end-run of Congress and the Constitutional balance of powers through unilateral action by the President.   I stand ready to defend the Second Amendment and efforts to undermine our God-given rights.
A great honor to join the Texas Public Policy Foundation for the Opening Lunch of their 11th Annual Policy Orientation for the Texas Legislature.
Behind the scenes with Sean Hannity for tonight's interview on Fox News.
Tonight: Will be sitting down with Sean Hannity on Fox News Channel in the 8 PM CT hour. Don't miss it!
Quick Poll. The big game is tonight. Who will come out on top?   Will it be the Luck of the Irish or will the Tide Roll?
NA
