Congratulations to The Pittsburgh Steelers !  AFC North Champions.  #HereWeGo
Great comeback win by the Penn State Football team yesterday in New York City at the Pinstripe Bowl.  Congrats to Coach Franklin and his team, especially the seniors!  http://goo.gl/3X9rYg
Luke 2:11 -- For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, who is Christ the Lord.
To all the men and women in our nations military, Merry Christmas and happy New Year.
Imani Johnson of my #Philly office met with members of Clarifi to learn about their "Sharpen Your Financial Focus" program. It provides free financial services for service members, #veterans, and their families. I look forward to continuing our relationship and advancing the financial goals of our veterans!
Great to see Trooper Alex Douglass has returned home in time for the holidays.
The White House is showing some Pennsylvania pride today! This magnificent tree was grown in Lehighton, Carbon County and the Council Rock High School South Orchestra from Bucks County is playing for guests in the East Room!
Congratulations to Penn State Women's Volleyball on another National Championship! This marks the 7th championship in program history - more than any other Division I program. Way to go!
My thoughts and prayers are with the NYPD and all law enforcement and their families tonight.
This week, representatives from my #Philly office spent time volunteering in the community. In partnership with The Veterans Group - Philadelphia, they delivered toys to 2nd graders at St. Veronica School, and on Tuesday they helped serve lunch at Sunday Breakfast Rescue Mission. I am proud to have a team so dedicated to serving our communities.
#PatsFacts: The American Legion Freedom Bell in front of Union Station in Washington, D.C. is a replica of a famous Pennsylvania symbol: the Liberty Bell.  The 2,080 lbs. Liberty Bell was made in London and hung in the Pennsylvania State House (now called Independence Hall) in 1753, but would have to be recast twice in Philly because it broke during testing. Inscribed with the excerpt from Leviticus 25:10 “Proclaim LIBERTY throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof,” it was first rung to celebrate our independence during the first public reading of the Declaration on July 8, 1776. To prevent it from being melted down into ammunition during the British occupation of Philly, it was hidden (along with several other bells) under the floorboards of Zion United Church of Christ in present day Allentown.  However, it was not until the 1830s that the bell would become a recognizable symbol of freedom when it was first referred to as the “Liberty Bell” by the abolitionist movement in publications.  Legend has it the bell’s signature crack was formed in 1835 when ringing on the death of Chief Justice John Marshall, and it would ring for the last time in celebration of Washington’s birthday in February 1846. http://bit.ly/patsfacts
I was glad to assist Dalton Yoder obtain U.S. Army medals his great uncle deserved for his service in Vietnam. We owe our #veterans a debt of gratitude for their service and sacrifice. http://bit.ly/1C6I4ph
This morning I joined Dalton Yoder from Middleburg and his great uncle, Fred, on Fox & Friends. Fred served two years in Vietnam, and Dalton made sure he received the medals he deserved. This is a heartwarming story and I am proud to help a fellow Eagle Scout take action to honor our veterans.
This is appalling. Hamas’ charter clearly states that it seeks the obliteration of #Israel. We cannot ignore this threat.
NA
Big Brothers Big Sisters Southeastern Pennsylvania (BBBS SEPA) is celebrating their 100th Anniversary. This is a terrific organization and I am proud that two of my staff members volunteer as “Bigs”. Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I introduced a resolution to honor their work over the last 100 years – I was thrilled to see it pass!
Thank you Senator Richard Blumenthal! The Connecticut-made PEZ dispensers you gave me included Pennsylvania native President James Buchanan. Here he is back at his desk in the Old House of Representatives!
I am looking forward to passing legislation that will allow Gettysburg National Military Park to expand and add the Lincoln Train Station. This #bipartisan effort will attract visitors who want to learn more about one of the most famous battles in American history, and will grow the region’s economy. http://bit.ly/1BghzgA
My deepest condolences to Joyce Craig-Lewis' family, friends, and colleagues.
The first Pennsylvanian to sit on the United States Supreme Court was James Wilson - a Reading lawyer who was a signer of the Declaration of Independence, a primary drafter of the Constitution, and one of the six original nominees to the highest bench by George Washington. #PatsFacts http://bit.ly/patsfacts
I am thrilled that the U.S. House of Representatives approved the renaming of the Woodland Avenue VA Medical Center in #Philly after Corporal Michael J. Crescenz. I am proud to have introduced the Senate bill, and I look forward to seeing his name above the door. http://bit.ly/1GeGTVi
Officer Danny Faulkner was murdered 33 years ago today. Never forget.
Imani Johnson of my #Philly office recently sat with down members of Delaware County's Women's Commission. I look forward to continuing our relationship and advancing the goals of women in Southeastern Pennsylvania.
Thank you to the MONTGOMERY CHILD ADVOCACY PROJECT MCAP for inviting me to celebrate their 10th anniversary last night. MCAP and Mission Kids are just two groups that make Montgomery County a leader in services and programs designed to protect  children.  I am proud to stand with them in Washington to put forth common sense reforms to keep our kids safe.
December 7, 1941: Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee, For those in peril on the sea.
Please join me today in thanking all of Pennsylvania's miners, who work each and every day to provide affordable, reliable electricity to our homes and businesses.  #ThankAMiner  www.thankaminer.org
On this day in 1933, Pennsylvania, Utah, and Ohio approved the 21st amendment, fully ratifying the repeal of prohibition. Today, Pennsylvania is home to more than 100 breweries throughout the state. #Cheers #PatsFacts http://bit.ly/patsfacts
The Woodland Avenue VA Medical Center is one step closer to being renamed after Corporal Michael Crescenz - #Philly's only Medal of Honor recipient from the Vietnam War. This is great news!
I am proud to announce that the name of #Philly’s own ‘Michael Crescenz’ may soon be above the door at the Woodlawn Avenue VA Medical Center. Last night, my bill passed the Senate unanimously and we are a step closer to renaming the facility after Philadelphia’s only Medal of Honor recipient of the Vietnam War era. I hope you will read more about Corporal Crescenz’s heroism: http://bit.ly/crescenz #MedalofHonor
Government students from Roman Catholic High School in #Philly stopped by my office today! They are in D.C. for the day. Thank you to their teacher, Gerard Gordon, for sharing with your students the importance of civic engagement.
The first law in the United States requiring traffic to stay on the right side of the road was passed in 1792 as a result of intensified Conestoga wagon congestion on the Philadelphia-Lancaster Turnpike. #PatsFacts
Proud to accept this honor from MONTGOMERY CHILD ADVOCACY PROJECT MCAP. I will continue working to protect our children.
NA
#ObamaCare Medical Device Tax continues to stifle job creation here in PA
2014 marks the fourth time in the last nine years that The White House Christmas Tree has come from Lehighton, PA – the largest municipality in Carbon County with 5,500 vibrant souls. However, it is Indiana, PA that is considered the “Christmas Tree Capital of the World,” due to the founding of the Christmas Tree Grower’s Association there in 1955. Pennsylvania maintains the second most Christmas tree farms in the nation with 1,205.
Today, members of my staff attended a moving ceremony to unveil a mural of Daniel Faulkner, a Philadelphia police officer who was killed in the line of duty in 1981 by Mumia Abu-Jamal. Daniel Faulkner's memory will live on for generations to come.
The White House's official Christmas tree is coming from Carbon County, PA! Learn more about the origins of this tree, and other Christmas tree facts from PennLive.com http://bit.ly/pachristmastree
The Battleship New Jersey is hosting a Thanksgiving dinner for active duty military members and homeless veterans. You can greet these heroes on Thursday at 10am – just across the river in Camden, NJ!
The #Veterans of Foreign Wars (#VFW) is a Congressionally chartered group that helps veterans and their families. It has been in operation for more than a century since being founded in Pittsburgh.  Over the last many decades, the VFW has worked with honorably discharged men and women who served in war zones. But believe it or not, the charter still specified that the VFW was an organization of men. Pennsylvania was at the forefront of women’s involvement in the VFW. Ruth A. Fairchild of New Castle was the first female veteran, and first veteran of the Desert Storm era, to serve as State Commander of the Pennsylvania Department of Veterans of Foreign Wars.  In September, the leadership of the VFW asked me to try to fix the charter. I cosponsored legislation to amend the group’s charter to include women veterans. I am happy to report that legislation passed the #Senate this week and the word "men" was replaced with "veterans" and the word "widows" replaced with "surviving spouses." It is a small but significant change. Women have been an important part of our national defense since the Revolution. I appreciate that the VFW wanted it’s organizational document to reflect this reality.
I strongly oppose the President’s latest overreach of his legal authority and his decision to dictate sweeping immigration policy changes without legislation. America’s immigration system is badly broken and cries out for reform, including stronger border security and adequate opportunities for legal immigration. Regrettably, President Barack Obama’s unilateral and legally unauthorized actions will do nothing to fix our broken system, and could encourage even more illegal immigration.
Congratulations to Judge Wendy #Beetlestone on her confirmation as a federal judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania! She is the 11th judge Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have worked together on to fill Pennsylvania’s judicial vacancies. http://bit.ly/beetlestone
On this day 151 years ago, Abraham Lincoln stood on the battlefield in #Gettysburg, PA and delivered one of the best-known speeches in American history - the Gettysburg Address. He honored the thousands of soldiers who sacrificed their lives so that our great nation could go on. Below is the State of Pennsylvania Monument on the Gettysburg battlefield. It stands as a reminder of the over 34,000 Pennsylvanians who fought in the battle. Their names are listed on the bronze tablets at the base of the monument.
The attack today on Jews praying at a synagogue in Jerusalem is horrific.  My prayers are with the victims of this senseless violence.
America's energy independence and thousands of #jobs are at stake. #KeystoneXL
It's official. Pope Francis headed to #Philly.  Welcome @Pontifex.
Happy Friday, PA! Check out my latest newsletter on protecting kids, #ALZ, bipartisan efforts, and #Veterans Day. http://1.usa.gov/116iqUi
Happy #birthday to inventor extraordinaire Robert Fulton – born today 249 years ago in Lancaster County, PA!
It’s American #Diabetes Month! Millions of Americans live each day of their lives with diabetes, and as many as 1 in 3 of us could have diabetes by 2050 if current trends continue. This month, learn how you can make personal changes to help change the course of diabetes from the American Diabetes Association.
Today I urged the U.S. Senate to pass two bills to protect America’s children. These bipartisan measures will help keep our children safe in the classroom.  #passthetrash
Today, my State Director Bob Desousa attended a 50th anniversary commemoration of the Vietnam War at West Chester University of PA. Here is a picture of him presenting a citation to Jon Reynolds, a proud veteran of the Air Force and #POW in Vietnam.
Take a moment today, and everyday, to thank the veterans in your life. They deserve our unwavering support and appreciation for their service to our country.
Thank you to our #Veterans.
I welcome reports that Secretary McDonald plans to reorganize the Department of Veterans Affairs for greater effectiveness and that he is considering action against hundreds of employees who "violated our values."  Our veterans should be first in line for the best health care as well as the other benefits they have earned.   I look forward to learning more about the VA Secretary’s plans and hope they will get the job done.
Great exchange with Sen. Casey about the need to get things done in Washington.  Thank you to the Committee of Seventy for hosting us.
NA
Beautiful fall day in Philly for the 2014 Walk to End Alzheimer's.  10,000 strong!   Thanks to the Alzheimer's Association, Delaware Valley Chapter for all their efforts. #EndALZ
Today, my State Director, Col. Bob DeSousa joined State Representative Patty Kim, and SGM (Ret.) Richard Hamp at a ceremony honoring our veterans in Harrisburg.
November is National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month.  Finding a cure for Alzheimer’s will be a serious challenge, but I am proud to report that Pennsylvania is leading the charge.
Congratulations to Pittsburgh International Airport Air Reserve Station on receiving the Commander-in-Chief's Annual Award for Installation Excellence! They have demonstrated innovative progress in successful installation operations. So proud to represent Pennsylvanians who work hard every day to keep us safe!
Today, 1st Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing was posthumously awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Gettysburg. He commanded over 100 men and six cannons while defending Cemetery Ridge.
NA
Welcome back to the Airmen from Pennsylvania Air National Guard's 201st RED HORSE after a successful 8-month deployment to Afghanistan & Southwest Asia.
Alzheimer's is a tragic illness that robs its victims of one of their life's greatest possessions - their memories. Working together, I am confident we can end it. You can learn more and get involved through the Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter and the Alzheimer's Association, Delaware Valley Chapter and learn more about my efforts here: http://1.usa.gov/1wuys6B #ENDALZ
I sat down recently in Erie with Millcreek Township Supervisor John Groh to discuss issues facing Pennsylvanians like Alzheimer's research, #vets healthcare and job training, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and how we can better protect our students in the classroom. Thanks for hosting me!
Right now, 99 senators cannot fully represent their states. I want to reopen the Senate and restore it to the deliberative body it was intended to be. Read more here: http://bit.ly/1t6Zmvj
Congratulations Imani Johnson -- promoted to field representative based in my Philadelphia office.
Big night at Heinz Field tonight.  Not only will The Pittsburgh Steelers host the Ravens, but Joe Greene's number will be retired, the 28th Infantry Band of the PA Army National Guard will perform and Spc. Donna Cooper will sing the national anthem prior to kick-off.
Welcome Home.
My deepest thanks to the Pennsylvania State Police and the numerous other law enforcement agencies that diligently worked to successfully apprehend Eric Frein tonight in Monroe County.      Each Pennsylvanian owes a debt of gratitude to the 30,000 law enforcement officers for the sacrifice they make on a daily basis to keep us safe.  My prayers remain with the family, friends, and colleagues of Corporal Bryon Dickson, and with Trooper Alex Douglass as he continues to recover.
I recently joined David Taylor, executive director of the Pennsylvania Manufacturers' Association, to discuss a number of issues affecting manufacturers in our state. You can watch the entire interview here: http://bit.ly/1p0PQiC
This is a photo of my Field Rep placing down flooring during Rebuilding Together Philadelphia’s Eastern North Block Build. RTP brings volunteers together to focus on critical repairs and home modifications for low income homeowners -- many of whom are elderly, disabled, have young children, or are #veterans. Thanks for your commitment to the community, RTP! #BlockBuild
Happy birthday, Lady Liberty! 128 years ago, the Statue of Liberty was dedicated in New York by President Grover Cleveland. Thank you France, for a gift that keeps on giving.
Mark your calendar! The PA Military Finance Alliance is hosting "Making $ense of Finance" - a conference to help military personnel and veterans with financial and investment decisions - on November 8th in Philadelphia. Get all the info here: http://1.usa.gov/1wDB8Nn
It was great to speak to David Taylor at the Pennsylvania Manufacturers Association about the economy, jobs, and too much red tape coming from Washington. http://vimeo.com/109986615
It’s been 50 years since Ronald Reagan’s  “A Time For Choosing” speech. His message still holds true today: smaller government, personal freedom, and opportunity for all.
Wow.  Who had Big Ben on their fantasy team!
Yesterday I met with some reporters from the Pittsburgh Business Times. We discussed issues like economic growth, the medical device #tax, and my bill to protect children from child predators. Thanks for hosting me!
This morning, my State Director, Col. Bob DeSousa, joined Congressman Glenn Thompson and Penn State President Eric Barron as presenters at the SME Adoption of Additive Manufacturing Forum at Penn State University.
Great to be on the campus of Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia to detail a new program the school is sponsoring which is designed to provide disabled veterans with the skills they will need to start their own business.
Community round-tables enable to me have a better working knowledge of how we can achieve our goals in Pennsylvania. Yesterday, I visited Erie to discuss how we can battle social concerns.
I'm in Erie today with local community leaders and elected officials discussing poverty, homelessness, and crime. Thank you for hosting me!
Mission Kids opened in Montgomery County in 2009. Over the last five years, they have helped victims of child abuse, raised awareness, and promoted a willingness to come forward and seek help. I am glad they are a part of Pennsylvania.
Happy Friday, PA! Check out what I've been up to this week in my latest newsletter. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1431
The Ebola outbreak is a serious issue, and I believe we should tighten restrictions for travel to the United States from affected regions. I wrote a letter to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell asking why the Administration opposes a travel ban. http://1.usa.gov/1rH6YUJ
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month.  Please take a look at this op-ed by my wife, Kris, about the importance of knowing your family health history. #Prevention
My son Patrick and me back when I was in the United States House of Representatives. I think he was trying make me smile wider... #tbt
I am proud to see that the Pennsylvania General Assembly has passed a bill to protect our students from child predators. I hope the U.S. Senate follows their example and passes my child protection bill this fall. http://bit.ly/1w97AI8
Yesterday, I sat down with family farmers to hear firsthand how a burdensome potential EPA rule will harm their operations. Under the new rule, virtually all outdoor water, even ditches and puddles, could be regulated by the EPA. We need to make sure we are putting farmers first. http://bit.ly/ZsV1eI
Lincoln University in Oxford, PA has a chance to compete in the Honda Battle of the Bands! Learn more about their program and vote for them. Looking forward to seeing them compete in January! #HBOB #LincolnUniversityofPA
Working together, I am confident we can end Alzheimer’s. Read why this issue is personal for me. #EndALZ
Happy Birthday U.S. Navy.  Fair winds and following seas.
Have you seen Pennsylvania native Bradley Cooper's latest comments on this great rivalry? Looking forward to a big Philadelphia Eagles win on Sunday night against the New York Giants! #FlyEaglesFly
Can't wait for the  Museum of the American Revolution to open! 
Pennsylvania: Home of the world's largest pierogi. Mmmm....
Today, my regional manager, Marta Gabriel, and PA State Senator John Rafferty Jr. had the opportunity to congratulate WWII veteran Augustus DiMino on his induction into the Southeastern Veterans' Center's Hall of Fame in Spring City, Chester County!
Every child deserves a safe, stable, and loving home. Kathy Boyd from West Chester has devoted her life to supporting and advocating for foster and adopted children. Learn more about her selfless acts and contributions to children. http://bit.ly/1EkJAXd
Good morning.  I will be hopping on Fox and Friends around 8:15 AM to discuss my letter to the president of #GoddardCollege. Hope you can tune in! http://t.co/tQdSUE7KDd
To those observing Yom Kippur, may you be sealed in the Book of Life for a good year.
Happy Friday, PA! Check out my recent work in today's newsletter!
#LetsGoBucs! Lineup for tonight's Pittsburgh Pirates playoff game is up.  Here is who Clint Hurdle is going with. #Buctober #BUCN
Finally, it's #Buctober!  I have no doubt that PNC Park will be rocking tonight as the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the San Francisco Giants.  Looking forward to a strong outing from Edinson Volquez and a return trip to the NLDS.  #BUCN
Appalling that unrepentant cop-killer Mumia Abu-Jamal will deliver a commencement address at #Goddard College. Hear what I had to say about it this morning with Dom Giordano of CBS Philly. http://bit.ly/1pFVOid
Outrageous that #Goddard or any university would honor an unrepentant cop killer. http://bit.ly/10ju7He
Get all the info on the Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) at our webinar on October 14th. Learn if your fire department is eligible and how to apply! http://1.usa.gov/1wRrpDs
Last Friday, I had a great visit to Neumann University in Aston, Delaware County.  My thanks to university president, Dr. Rosalie Mirenda and other campus leaders for taking the time to meet with me!
The EPA's common sense has gone out the window. Learn more here: http://bit.ly/YaQxJ4 #DitchtheRule
To those celebrating Rosh Hoshana, may you be inscribed and sealed for a good year. Shanah Tovah.
#RaiseIt !  For the second year in a row, the Pittsburgh Pirates have clinched a playoff spot on September 23rd.  Congrats to Clint Hurdle and his team.  Looking forward to October.  #BUCN
Yesterday I visited the First Troop Philadelphia City Calvary Armory to discuss my efforts to restore federal employment and job training services for America’s veterans. My colleague Senator Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.) and I introduced the “Protect VETS Act” to ensure that veterans continue to have access to specialized job assistance coaches. These coaches work with businesses to develop job opportunities for veterans, and they help veterans find work. Thank you to those who joined me yesterday! http://1.usa.gov/1pbNIyG
Congratulations to Mihir Garimella from Fox Chapel Area High School on winning Google Science Fair's 13-14 age group for his project on fruit flies - way to go! Check out Mihir's incredible achievement here: https://www.googlesciencefair.com/en/
Today is National POW/MIA Recognition Day. As we continue our quest for peace, let us honor prisoners of war, our missing, and their families and reaffirm our commitment to account for them.
Happy Friday, PA! Catch up on my work this week with my latest newsletter.
Mary Hawryshkiw stopped by my office this morning. Mary visited on behalf of Razom for Ukraine, a non-profit organization dedicated to the pursuit of a free and prosperous Ukraine. She shared her personal story with me just before I joined my colleagues in listening to His Excellency Petro Poroshenko - President of Ukraine at a joint session of Congress.
Yesterday I sat down with Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). We discussed funding for #Alzheimer's and ways we can work together to defeat this debilitating disease. #EndALZ
Thank you to the Harrisburg Regional Chamber & CREDC for coming to visit with me today. It was great to discuss ways we can help businesses of all sizes grow in PA!
Glad to team up with my friend, Senator Joe Manchin III, to help our vets looking for jobs. 
Today, on the 100th anniversary of the founding of the VFW in Pittsburgh, I had the pleasure of meeting with members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Legislative Committee. We need to do more to help veterans find good healthcare and #jobs.
Today, the #VFW is celebrating its 100th Anniversary in Pittsburgh.  Last month, I was proud to recognize this momentous occasion and all of the terrific work the VFW Department of Pennsylvania and its fellow chapters across the country do in the Senate.  
The Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter's annual Walk to End Alzheimer’s is quickly approaching. It’s a fantastic event. Kris, the kids, and I walked last year. I encourage you to sign up this year!
Happy Friday PA! Check out what I've been up to this week in my latest newsletter: http://1.usa.gov/1qKHlGL #TGIF
Today is a national day of remembrance.  Please also keep the four Americans that were murdered two years ago in #Benghazi in your thoughts.
#NeverForget
A heartfelt piece by my wife, Kris, about her recollections of 9-11 #neverforget @Flight93NPS  
The Battle of Lake Erie took place on September 10, 1813. The U.S. Naval Fleet, stationed at Presque Isle Bay, consisted of nine vessels and was under the command of Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry.   The fleet sustained heavy losses and damages during the first two hours of the battle. During this time, Commodore Perry's flagship, the U.S. Brig Lawrence, was disabled and suffered 80 percent casualties. Even after the Lawrence was disabled, Commodore Perry refused to surrender. Rather, he courageously boarded a small rowboat, traversed a half-mile through hostile waters, and transferred his command to the U.S. Brig Niagara.  Upon assuming control of the Niagara, Commodore Perry was able to outmaneuver the entire British fleet and forced their subsequent surrender. The victory solidified American control of Lake Erie for the duration of the conflict, enabling U.S. forces to retake Detroit and win further battles in the Old Northwest and the Niagara Valley.
Arnold Palmer represents the best of Pennsylvania. Happy birthday to the King!
Today I attended the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in honor of the Fallen Heroes of 9/11. Joined by my colleagues and the U.S. Army Band, we paid tribute to the victims and their families, and the first responders who ran towards chaos and destruction in order to save lives. #NeverForget
Just attended the bipartisan Senate VA Backlog Working Group with Sen. Casey. We need to reduce the backlog at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and improve the system, and I welcomed the input from veterans groups about how we can get these goals done.
The mismanagement and unethical behavior at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is a profound failure to honor our Vets. With my support, we enacted reforms and new funding for the VA. But more needs to be done. http://bit.ly/1rTlUpr
Happy Friday PA! Here's my latest newsletter. Take a look at what I've been up to this week! http://1.usa.gov/1uDktbE
Congratulations to Cadet Shawna Moore, a Phoenixville, Pa. native, on being named the Best Overall New Cadet Class of 2018 at West Point - The U.S. Military Academy! I know her family is full of pride - and so am I! http://1.usa.gov/1AavoLw
This is a great time of the year. My three children, along with others across the nation, are lining up at the bus stop to head off to school. We must do all we can to keep them safe. http://bit.ly/1lJHbiI
One of the great joys of my job is speaking directly to Pennsylvanians across the entire state. I'm proud to say I've made this part of my job a priority. http://bit.ly/1r23Tir
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has proposed a new rule that I think is inconsistent with existing law and it's very troubling for landowners. Certainly farmers, developers, even residential homeowners should be concerned about this rule. Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1oAjtjD
I wish everyone a restful and happy #LaborDay.
My Field Representative, Imani Johnson, had the pleasure of attending the YouthBuild Philadelphia Charter School Commencement Ceremony.  During her speech, Salutatorian Carmen Williams put on a construction hat and told her peers of a thought she had while looking at a home she volunteered to repair as a community service project ..."We were both broken, but had the potential to be rebuilt...". What an inspiration.  Valedictorian Jamal Johnson challenged his peers by saying "Do not let this be your only accomplishment, what you've done today. Excel more!" Way to go Jamal, and congrats to the entire class of YouthBuild Philly's Class of 2014! #ybphilly
Are you interested in attending the United States Naval Academy? Check out their admissions forum in Philly on September 6th!
Today is #NationalDogDay. Check out some of my staff's four-legged canine friends!
If you plan to visit  Philadelphia — visitphilly.com tomorrow, be on the lookout for a party in honor of the #TaneyDragons.  The festivities begin at 2 PM on 20th & Market.  #LLWS #LLWS2014
Great piece about my bill to protect kids at school.  "...the goal of protecting children should outweigh all other considerations."
Did you know the #VFW was officially organized 100 years ago-- in September of 1914 at the former Schenley Hotel in Pittsburgh, Pa?  Proud to have offered a measure which recognizes the VFW for its  century of support for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guard members.
What a remarkable run by the #TaneyDragons at the #LLWS.  Great effort and fight by the team tonight and over the course of their stay in South Williamsport!
Best of luck to the #TaneyDragons tonight.  #MoNeDavis is on the mound and with a win the team advances to the #LLWS US Championship game on Saturday.  #BelieveInDragons
Civic engagement and leadership at its best. Congratulations to Emmaus High School senior Barry Seng on being elected to the Key Club International Board!
Pittsburgh will miss friend and former mayor Sophie Masloff.
Go Sarah Go.  
What heart, what determination, and what a comeback.  Great team win by the #TaneyDragons tonight in South Williamsport at the #LLWS2014. Next up: the kids from Vegas on Wednesday night at 7:30 PM!
Big win and a great effort by Taney Youth Baseball Association today.  #MoneDavis K's the side in the 6th to wrap up another complete game shutout. Really looking forward to the team's next game on Sunday! #MidAtlantic  
Best of luck to #TaneyBaseball today as they kick off their Little League World Series slate at 3 PM on ESPN.  In preparation for first pitch, check out this incredible Sport Science piece on #MoneDavis.  
Earlier today, James Fitzpatrick from my Philadelphia office was on hand at the Asian American Hotel Owners Association Regional Conference.  AAHOA members own more than 20,000 hotels and employ nearly 600,000 people!
It was great talking with veterans groups in both Schuylkill County and Centre County this week. My thanks to everyone who attended and to Congressman Glenn Thompson for co-hosting with me in Centre County.
ABC6 did an important story on my bill to keep kids safe at school. 
Fun stop at the Penn State Creamery. The mint chocolate chip was great and my kids will love my to-go order tonight!
Glad to meet with the Pennsylvania Fraternal Order of Police in Carbon County. Thanks for keeping us safe every day!
Had a great lunch yesterday with the Boy Scouts of America in Bloomsburg – they look like future Eagle Scouts to me!
Mo'ne Davis with a complete game shutout to send the Taney Dragons to Williamsport for the Little League World Series. A beautiful 4-6-3 double play clinched it for the Dragons! #philly #LLWS2014
Best of luck to the Taney Dragons.  A win tonight and the Dragons, who are based out of Philly, will represent the Mid-Atlantic region in this year's Little League World Series.    You can catch tonight's game at 6 PM on ESPN2.  
Happy Friday PA! Take a look at my week with my latest newsletter.
Dear Facebook Friends.  I have recently learned about a scam that appears to be linked to my Facebook page but is really a fake.  This is a good chance to remind you to be alert to online scams seeking access to your bank accounts or asking you to send money.    Keep in mind that any correspondence from my office will always be on official letterhead and in a Senate envelope or will originate from a government email address ending in Toomey.senate.gov.   IRS and other agencies will not be using yahoo or gmail email accounts and should be a red flag.    Please call my Allentown office at (610) 434-1444 if you are if unsure about a message you have received appearing to be from me.  Also, you can submit an Internet Crime Complaint here – www.ic3.gov.
On #PurpleHeartDay, I am especially grateful for those wounded or killed defending our country. #hero www.purpleheart.org
Happy 12th birthday #SarahMurnaghan! Thank you for bravely fighting for kids who need lung transplants. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1383
The Pennsylvania ICAC Task Force and NCMEC are taking child predators out of our kids' schools. http://bit.ly/1kL6xMX We should help.
Finished up yesterday by visiting Somerset County and Bedford County.  In Somerset County, I met with the representatives of the Pennsylvania Association of Community Bankers and recognized Somerset Trust Company for its 125th anniversary.    In Bedford County, I held a great roundtable discussion with local business owners and stakeholders at the Bedford County Development Association.
Great to visit with the companies of ICMI Business Park in Dunbar, Fayette County.  Thanks to Fay-Penn Economic Development Council for hosting me!
An example of excellence in teaching. Congrats to #Philly charter school teacher Dayna Perry for being honored by the KIPP Foundation!
Beautiful morning in Greene County today! So pleased to be on campus at Waynesburg University to host a town hall discussion.  Thanks to Waynesburg University president Douglas Lee, State Senator  Tim Solobay and State Representative Rep. Pam Snyder  for joining me!
Discussed how to create #jobs yesterday in Beaver County – they are ready to work!
There are too many stories of children being abused by teachers. Here’s what I’m doing about it.
Happy birthday Barack Obama! I hope you celebrated this weekend with family and good friends.
Wonderful to visit #SarahMurnaghan this afternoon. She's made incredible progress this year! http://1.usa.gov/1nbV8jk
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1407. To sign up, see http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletter. Thanks for reading!
Had an important and informative visit to the Philadelphia Children's Alliance today.    Met with child protection advocates from around the area and discussed necessary policy changes we need to make in order to best protect our children, including my bill to make our classrooms safer.   Thanks to Chris Kirchner and her entire team for hosting me.
Yesterday, the Senate passed a bill, which I cosponsored, that will re-name 30th Street Station in Philadelphia after Congressman Gray. This is good news and the strong bipartisan support the bill received shows that when the leaders in the House and the Senate work together, things can get done in Washington rapidly.  I hope that Congress can now channel this bipartisan spirit and pass a very important re-naming bill that I have offered.    Corporal Michael Crescenz, of Philadelphia, valiantly fought for his country in Vietnam, and died protecting his fellow brothers in arms.  As a result of his extraordinary heroism, Corporal Crescenz was the only Philadelphia resident to earn the Medal of Honor in the Vietnam era.  Re-naming Philadelphia’s Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs medical center after Corporal Crescenz is a small gesture on our part, given the nature of his heroism.   I am disappointed that the Senate has not passed this measure.  I will continue working with my colleagues in the House and Senate to advance the Crescenz bill soon.
The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world.  Many today are not, and this bipartisan compromise is a good step towards tackling this serious problem and restoring accountability at the VA. Our veterans deserve solutions, not more partisanship in Washington.  I have long advocated for vets to be able to obtain care from a private-sector health care provider. I have said repeatedly that the VA secretary should be able to fire employees whose job performance is unsatisfactory.   While this bill is not perfect and should have sought more spending cuts elsewhere in the government to help pay for it, I appreciate that these two reforms have been included.
Just met with Holy Ghost Prep's AP Government class. Would you believe they asked me about Senate procedure? Sharp bunch!
PA has hosted more @USGA events than any other state.  Next up in September is the Mid Am at Saucon Valley and next year we welcome the #USWomensOpen in Lancaster.   
Hey #TSA, let’s make it easier for WWII #HonorFlight #vets to travel to their national memorial.  #GreatestGeneration http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1403
If you had a permit for the original bridge or road and you are simply rebuilding it in the same place, why should another permit be needed?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLonSiRGvK8&feature=youtu.be
Great to be in Collegeville this morning to hold a Q and A with local veterans and employers about what Congress can do to improve the job climate for veterans!
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1401. Please share, and have a great weekend!
What Kevin Bacon, Bill Cosby & Mr. Rogers have in common: 
Attention Pennsylvania High School Students interested in government and public service. Apply for United States Youth Program.  U.S. Senator Susan Collins, Congressman Cory Gardner, and Governor Chris Christie all participated as part of the program and it worked out well for them!
#PA's delegates to the American Legion's  #GirlsNation & #BoysNation! Massil, Anthony, Alexandra & Katie you make PA proud!
Filling PA's judicial vacancies. Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. & I introduced these 4 incredibly well-qualified nominees in the Senate Judiciary Committee just today: Wendy Beetlestone, Joseph Leeson, Jerry Pappert & Mark Kearney #bipartisan
With people like Taylor Swift, Bradley Cooper and Will Smith, it's an easy sell.
Horrible: Since Jan. 1 this year, 275 teachers have been arrested for sexual misconduct with a child. Parents deserve to know their children will be safe at school. The Senate needs to pass my bill.
Glad to spearhead bipartisan Senate resolution  honoring Coach Noll with @Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/11248879/pittsburgh-steelers-wear-chuck-noll-initials-helmets  
Reviewing plans for Delaware River dredging with Lt. Col. Michael Bliss of the Philadelphia District U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. #Philly
Congratulations to the Henry-Stonewall family of Easton, Northampton County -- celebrating 154 years of service in the United States military.  Last weekend, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended a celebration at Saucon Park in Bethlehem in honor of the family.  Pictured here with Marta are Gloria Taylor; Korean War Veteran Clyde Freeman, Sr.; and Vietnam War Veteran Edward Mathis.
The York Dispatch gets it: The Senate needs to pass my bipartisan bill to protect kids before the school year starts.
"Every day seems to bring a new report of a child robbed of his or her innocence by someone they should've been able to trust, someone their parents told them to obey.  So far this year, 275 teachers nationwide have been arrested for sexual misconduct."  
My thanks to the staff of the Allegheny Health Network, for showing  Congressman Keith Rothfus and me around the new Wexford Health + Wellness Pavilion which is set to open in the North Hills.
I was a guest on Morning Joe this morning and discussed the need for international support in the wake of the downing of Malaysia Airline Flight 17.  Check out the video below.  #MH17 http://on.msnbc.com/1u7MOuo 
Good morning.  Jumping on with MSNBC's  Morning Joe around 7:40 this morning.  Hope you can tune in!
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletter. Please share! Thank you and have a great weekend!
#Israel has the right to defend its citizens and ensure its survival – without qualification. There is no moral equivalency here. Israel must be able to protect itself from rocket attacks without the global community imposing some double standard.
You don’t shoot a plane out of the sky at 33,000 feet without some very sophisticated hardware. #MH17
My state director, Col. Bob DeSousa, at the Pennsylvania state convention of the American Legion this morning.
Heartbroken at the loss of life from the shooting down of a civilian airliner in Ukraine. Praying for the families. #MH17
Good game Scrantonicity! #KeystoneCup2014
My office squared off against Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.'s team in softball on the national mall last night! #KeystoneCup2014  #bipartisan
Penn State University Creamery on Capitol Hill! Tell me Penn Staters, what's their best flavor?
Congratulations to Bucks County high school student Anna Erkalova on winning an NFIB Young Entrepreneur Award! Her small business makes public domain books available online. Keep up that entrepreneurial spirit!
Chatting with WBRE-TV & WTAJ-TV about school safety, excessive #EPA regulations and . . . tonight's softball showdown with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.!
The Senate after the storm:
NA
“When you are lying about waiting times so that you can get a bonus and veterans aren't getting the care they need, that is outrageous.”
My state director Col. Bob DeSousa participated in VetStock events this weekend in Pike County. He presented a certificate on my behalf to the organizers of the Wall of Remembrance, a traveling memorial that honors victims from the Global War on Terrorism. He also visited with Gene Hudson, Commander of the American Legion Post 139 and members of the North Pocono Fire & Rescue Honor Guard.
With Duncan in the new tree house that Patrick and I built. #PASummerDays
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/z3Gdh. Thanks for reading & please share!
Happy birthday this weekend to #PA's legendary artist Andrew Wyeth. You can find his beautiful artwork at the Brandywine River Museum in Chadds Ford! #visitPA 
Like many Pennsylvanians, my family and I have seen firsthand just how devastating #Alzheimer’s can be.
Last week, I had a great visit to the Little League Museum in #Williamsport and was provided the opportunity to commemorate Little League's 75th Anniversary! http://goo.gl/Bh2Rb4
Agreed. #visitPA  #PASummerDays
Without question, Chuck Noll was one of the finest coaches & teachers in NFL history. Four Super Bowl titles. Nearly 200 career wins. We will miss him. #SteelerNation
Great meeting with Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter last week. I'm asking the National Institutes of Health (NIH) what it will take for us to effectively combat this tragic disease. #ENDALZ 
I appreciate Ms. Krause's willingness to serve on the federal bench and look forward to having her sworn in soon!
Since Jan. 1 of this year, 245 teachers have been arrested across the U.S. for sexual misconduct with children. Enough. End #passthetrash
NA
Great! Senate just confirmed Penn Law prof Cheryl Ann Krause to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. & I both recommended her.  #bipartisan
Thanks to all the Berks County #vets who sat down with me to discuss the #VA and other issues last weekend. It is a pleasure and an honor to get the time with you.
I grew up in the Scouts. It's a terrific organization. Read below about John Lahutsky, an orphan from Russia, and what scouting and a great mom helped him overcome. 
God Bless the United States of America.  #Happy4thofJuly.  https://t.co/YbszupyTLw
Those who risked their lives for our freedom should be first in line for the best quality healthcare. For many of them, that's not the case.
Great to meet with Sunbury's women business owners!
In 1776, our Founding Fathers risked it all to start this great American experiment. Today, our Armed Forces give their all to defend it. Thank you. 
With Congressman Tom Marino, I sat down with federal correctional officers in Williamsport to discuss my bill to ensure greater protections for them. You can learn more about the "Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2014" here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1369
Thank you! 
I am shocked and appalled by these horrific murders for which there is indication that Hamas was responsible. My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims and the people of Israel.  In light of the Palestinian Authority’s unity with Hamas, the time is now for the United States to suspend aid to the Palestinian Authority until a thorough review of its compliance with U.S. conditions can be completed.
Good luck to the #USMNT as they take on Belgium today in the #WorldCup2014.  If you have a spare moment, check out this excellent video featuring U.S. Soccer.  It will give you the chills. http://goo.gl/B23cf9 #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #1N1T
In Harrisburg today, I met with #Alzheimer's families & advocates to discuss our shared, on-going efforts to fight this tragic disease. Thanks to all those who came out for your dedicated support!
It is great news that the Supreme Court has ruled that closely held, for-profit businesses are entitled to religious protections and exempt from the #Obamacare mandate.This is a win for religious liberty. I am grateful for Conestoga Wood Specialties' leadership in challenging this ill-conceived mandate. I congratulate them on the success and the relief this Supreme Court decision will bring for many closely held corporations that choose to follow their religious beliefs.
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/yxbt6. Thanks & please share!
Vietnam vets are humble and often reluctant to accept recognition. I'm honored to help Mr. Hage and his family finally get the credit and gratitude they are due.
Softball on the national mall last night!
This is why I am continuing my bipartisan push to eliminate the Renewable Fuel Standard.    Not only is the #RFS bad for the environment, but it also increases the cost of #gasoline.  In fact, the Congressional Budget Office announced yesterday that due to the RFS, gasoline prices will increase up to 9%, and diesel fuel will rise by up to 14% by 2017. http://goo.gl/imLxkP
My state director, Bob DeSousa, presented Harry L. Hage with the Purple Heart today. Harry earned it during his service in the Vietnam War, but it was never awarded to him. I'm very glad to be able to secure it for him. Thank you Harry.
Wasn’t how you’d script it, but a big congrats to the #USMNT on advancing in the #WorldCup.  #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
#USAvsGERMANY today! Good luck to U.S. Soccer & the #USMNT!  #Ibelievethatwewillwin #1n1t
#Worker training and giving Pennsylvanians the job skills they need for today’s economy are important. That’s why I supported the bipartisan #Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act today.
Just met #PA's junior fellows at The Library of Congress. Thanks to Frank Vitale of Fort Washington & Carley Altenburger of Oakmont for stopping by! Learn more about their program here: http://www.loc.gov/hr/jrfellows/about.html
Way to go Sarah Murnaghan!  Need and suitability can now be considered for children in need of a lung transplant. http://abcn.ws/1nyQIDG 
Last week, #Philly & #Pittsburgh law enforcement helped the FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation & the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children rescue 168 children in a nationwide sex trafficking sting. Our deepest thanks to them.
Congratulations to Penn State's Ryan Patrick! Thanks for all your hard work on the Penn State Dance Marathon!
Less than 30 minutes until kickoff between #USAvsPortugal. Looking forward to a great effort from the #USMNT.  #1N1T #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #WorldCup
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update. Spoiler alert: there is singing!
 The Young People's Chorus of Erie rocked the Russell rotunda! 
The government's wasteful #sugar program harms food manufacturers, kills jobs and forces Americans to pay more just to feed their families. Congress can - and should - rein it in. First step: stop using taxpayers' money on this indefensible program.
Great to sit down with my friend Larry Kudlow this afternoon. #thoughtleadership
Congratulations to PA's winners of the Jefferson Awards for Public Service! These highly prestigious national awards honor local volunteers for community & public service. Thank you & well done!
The entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in these PA teens. Keep it up Take Charge JA! Our country needs you!
What an exhilarating win for U.S. Soccer and the #USMNT.  John Brooks with the late winner!  #WorldCup2014 #OneNationOneTeam #IBelieveThatWeWillWin
Big night for U.S. Soccer.  Good luck to the #USMNT as they take on Ghana in Brazil.  #WorldCup2014 #OneNationOneTeam
Happy Father's Day to my dad and all the dads out there.  Enjoy your day!
239 years old and still going strong.  Thank you and happy birthday to the U.S. Army.
Saddened to hear of Chuck Noll's passing.  My condolences to his family and to Steelers nation.  #RIPChuckNoll
#HappyFriday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. Please share & thank you for reading! http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletters&id=1374
These kids are incredible. So proud to have nominated them to our nation's service academies. We wish you the best! Congratulations - and thank you!
Happy 90th birthday to President George H. W. Bush, who is celebrating in style with a parachute jump in Maine!
"The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world. Many today are not. Congress needs to work together to tackle this serious problem and restore accountability at the #VA."
June 12, 1987: President Reagan speaks at the Berlin Wall. “Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.” #Leadership #Freedom
"I have said repeatedly the #VA secretary should be able to fire employees whose job performance is unsatisfactory. I have also long held that #vets should have the option to obtain care from a private-sector health care provider."
NA
The Borinqueneers were a valiant force in three major wars and I am pleased Congress and the President have acknowledged and honored their contributions by awarding them the Congressional Gold Medal.   
I'm joining Senator Bernie Sanders & Senator McCain on their #VA bill. Not perfect, but it includes reforms for accountability & choice. #bipartisan 
Congrats to PA's winners of the The Library of Congress's Letters About Literature Contest! The contest asks students grades 4-12 to write to an author (living or deceased) about how his or her book influenced their lives. PA's winners are: Veronica Maunter of Elizabethtown, Christopher Troll of Somerset, and Linda Wen of Danville.
Today in 1752: Benjamin Franklin flies his kite.
Discussing college affordability with Penn State president Dr. Eric Barron this morning #PennState
If veterans can't get adequate service at the #VA, they should be free to choose a non-VA hospital. 
Thanks Senator Bob Menendez, for working with me on this. #bipartisan
Yesterday, I was honored to participate at the investiture of Judge Edward Smith as a U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.  http://goo.gl/gKHh0x   In total, Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have worked to confirm 10 federal judges to serve Pennsylvania since 2011.
Congratulations to my State Director, Colonel Bob DeSousa, who along with 384 other U.S. military officers, international officers,and civilians graduated from the U.S. Army War College today in Carlisle!
Last night the Special Olympics Pennsylvania opened up their summer games on the campus of Penn State.  Good luck to all the competitors!
Pennsylvania has produced some of the greatest examples of courage, fortitude, and heroism in the history of mankind.  Our country and the world are safer and more free because of them.   They are people like John Pinder Jr., of McKees Rock, who was killed on D-Day and was awarded the Medal of Honor.  Pinder was tasked with carrying a radio the length of a football field through waist-deep water to a fire-swept beach.  He was hit by enemy fire in the first few steps off his landing craft.    But he brought his radio to shore.   He returned to the waves, several times to salvage equipment.  On his third trip, he was hit in the legs by machine gun fire. Refusing medical attention, John Pinder continued to establish radio communications, stopping only when he was hit again and killed.
Senator Joe Manchin III & I are working to help protect corrections officers. #commonsense
70 years ago, General Eisenhower wrote this letter in case the Normandy landing failed.  That's leadership.  He dated it July 5 by mistake.  Our landings in the Cherbourg-Havre area have failed to gain a satisfactory foothold and I have withdrawn the troops. My decision to attack at this time and place was based upon the best information available. The troops, the air and the Navy did all that Bravery and devotion to duty could do. If any blame or fault attaches to the attempt it is mine alone.  http://www.archives.gov/education/lessons/d-day-message/images/failure-message.gif
The fight against #Alzheimers continues. Great ideas from George Vradenburg, chair & co-founder of USAgainstAlzheimer’s. #ENDALZ
Prayers for Schuylkill County’s Jason Jones, KIA in Afghanistan. Jason was a graduate of Blue Mountain High School and West Point - The U.S. Military Academy.
Congrats to Jordan Shub, of Philadelphia, who is finishing up her semester as a Senate page. A high school junior, Jordan works on the Senate floor during sessions while also taking the full range of high school classes. Very impressive! Thanks for your interest and enthusiasm for public service! (Any rising high school juniors interested in the program can learn more at https://www.senate.gov/reference/reference_index_subjects/Pages_vrd.htm)
NA
Terrific meeting with National Children's Advocacy Center's PA leaders. We're working together to protect kids from #humantrafficking & #passthetrash.
Just introduced my bill to empower #vets to sue #VA employees who falsify or destroy health records. #accountability
PA is the #Alzheimers battleground: Groundbreaking research at Upenn, tough caregivers on the front lines. #ENDALZ 
Honored to address #LVH Boy Scouts and be part of this tradition. “On my honor, I will do my best …”
Terrific company at Johnstown's Showcase for Commerce. #USMC #SemperFi
Hearing first-hand from firefighters about their needs and concerns helps me play the best role I can to help in Washington.
Firefighters risk their lives everyday for our safety. The least we can do is ensure they have the resources they need. I'm proud to have introduced several bills to support them and improve fire safety overall. Thanks to chiefs from #Allentown, #Easton & #Bethlehem fire departments for joining me and Lehigh Valley leaders this morning!
The war on coal continues. New #EPA, same old bad ideas: http://ow.ly/xxvAh. The job-killing goes on.  
This morning, I met with #Allentown, #Easton & #Bethlehem fire chiefs & #LHV leaders to discuss my efforts to enhance safety and resources for PA firefighters. Thank you for all that you do!
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update: http://ow.ly/xs2wg. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/xs2Ek . Thanks for reading!
General Shinseki is a decorated, disabled U.S. Army veteran who served our country courageously for decades.  For his service, we owe him a debt of gratitude.  Nevertheless, his departure from the VA is an important first step in restoring confidence in a troubled department.    Our men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world, and too often now, they are not. At the heart of this problem is poor management and lack of accountability, and we need to fix these problems without delay. President Obama should nominate, and the Senate should confirm, an experienced manager and leader who can restore a culture of excellence and ethics throughout the VA.
The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world.
Sharing my plan to hold the #VA accountable at the PA American Legion HQ in Harrisburg. #VAScandal
This weekend marks the 125th anniversary of the #Johnstown flood. 20 million tons of water. 2,000+ lives lost. It was also the first major relief effort of the American Red Cross.
NA
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them." #RIPMayaAngelou
Here are details on my bill to protect #vets from dishonest #VA practices:  
James Fitzpatrick, from my Philly office, with Shawna Moore, my appointee to West Point. Shawna has just given the keynote address at the Phoenixville Kiwanis Annual Patriotic Celebration.
Today at Willow Grove VFW Post 3612, I announced my bill to protect #vets from dishonest practices at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and hold #VA employees accountable.
Thank you to all the heroes who paid the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom. Remembrance.  http://ow.ly/xgCei
Ross McGinnis from Clarion County, PA threw himself on a grenade and saved four buddies.  #MOH
Have a safe Memorial Day.  And let's all take some time to remember why we have a three-day weekend. #grateful  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic8zMkYwnq8 
Kris and I are praying for the families in Elk County who were affected by this week’s severe storms and extensive flooding.
Great visit with #Pittsburgh's Mike Pintek in studio today!
With Kristen Bires, education & outreach manager with the Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter. Thank you for the work you do! #BurghProud #ENDALZ
The men and women who have served our country should be first in line for the best quality health care. #VA #VAScandal
Phil and Imani, from my #Philly office, and my friend, Joe Eastman, a U.S. Navy veteran and staunch advocate for #vets at the 3rd Annual Veterans Fair at City Hall.
Just sent a letter demanding #China's government take immediate action to thwart #hacking and espionage activities.
#Senate just passed a resolution I cosponsored to honor Doolittle’s Tokyo Raiders. This interview with one of the pilots is worth a watch. 
Nice! The Senate unanimously passed the resolution I cosponsored to honor WWII's #MonumentsMen.
It’s primary election day in Pennsylvania. Please remember to vote. #CivicDuty
The Senate must act to protect kids from this.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, with Major General Wesley Craig and other state officials at an emergency preparedness response exercise in Fort Indiantown Gap.
Cyberattacks from China are completely intolerable and cause serious harm to our national security and economy.
I wasn't going to miss this one, John. I'm just really looking forward to what you do next.
Today we celebrate the 60th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Edu. We must continue to fight for equality in education today. #schoolchoice
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/wW77e. Thanks for reading!
On behalf of a grateful commonwealth, thank you to all our police officers. #Neverforget #NationalPoliceWeek
"Sens. Casey and Toomey are really working across the continuum on child abuse issues -- to prevent it, to work to report it and to hold perpetrators accountable." 
It was an honor to speak at the Anne B. Anstine Excellence in Public Service Series in Washington.  This organization brings together brilliant and impressive women leaders from across Pennsylvania and trains them to be more effective public servants. Thank you for your dedication and leadership!
NA
The Senate is closed for business. Used to have 9 amendment votes before lunch any given day. Senator Harry Reid's allowed 9 in the last 10 months. 
It is time to provide justice for victims of child pornography. 
In FY 2013, just 1.7% of National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding went towards researching a cure for Alzheimer's. We can do better. #ENDALZ
William Thaddeus Coleman of Philadelphia, PA is a Penn alum who served as the first African American Supreme Court law clerk.  This Saturday marks the anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education, in which Coleman co-authored the legal brief that led the U.S. Supreme Court to hold racial segregation in public schools as unconstitutional.  Pictured here is my Philadelphia Field Representative Imani Johnson at a dedication in his honor.
Yesterday, James Fitzpatrick from my Philly office met with Morgan Berman, who is a graduate of Philadelphia University's Blackstone Launchpad- which offers assistance and guidance to students who have entrepreneurial aspirations.   James and Morgan are also both graduates of Springside Chestnut Hill Academy in Philadelphia.
Great lesson on Pennsylvania Dutch cuisine. #delicious
A good read... http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304081804579560251530777852#printMode
During a recent visit to NEPA, I had the opportunity to discuss my efforts to protect children from abuse & bring the Federal Aviation Administration to Tobyhanna with Chuck Volpe, Paola Giangiacomo, & Mayor Jim McNulty. 
Standing up for #MedicarePartD with Sen. Bob Casey. We're working to preserve coverage for seniors, disabled persons & the mentally ill. 
Working for 7,200 jobs in Northeast PA with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. & Rep. Lou Barletta. Let's get Tobyhanna Army Depot on the radar of the U.S. Department of Transportation:
I wish all the moms out there, including my own and my wife, a great (and restful) Mother's Day!
NA
Happy #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay!  
Good morning.  I will be on MSNBC's Morning Joe at 7:20 AM today.  Hope you can tune in!
Great to see Pittsburgh native and University of Pittsburgh star Aaron Donald drafted in the first round of the NFL draft!  The St. Louis Rams are getting a great player.
At the 32nd Annual March of Dimes Gourmet Gala, Kris and I -- well Kris really -- won the Easiest Prep Award with her Baked Honey Raisin Brie.
We need answers from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs on the Phoenix VA deaths. Management lapses eerily reminiscent of Pittsburgh's and I'm worried. 
In memory of Officer Eric Williams, I'm working with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to enhance safety for corrections officers.
Kris and I served up her delicious baked honey raisin brie at the March of Dimes Gourmet Gala last night!
Great visit with students from Carlisle's U.S. Army War College. #LandPower
PA is #RedcayStrong!
Thanks to Karen Moyer, wife of Jamie Moyer and co-founder of The Moyer Foundation, for the update on the terrific work being done on behalf of kids!
My wife Kris & I will be serving up her baked honey raisin brie at tonight's March of Dimes Gourmet Gala. Looking forward to it! #delicious
It's appalling that 200+ Nigerian girls are being sold into slavery. If we can help, then we should. #BringBackOurGirls
Ever wonder why Americans are so mistrustful of government? Look no further than the #IRS. This is outrageous.
I’ve seen firsthand just how devastating the disease is for the patients and also for the caregivers and the families.
Stay strong Derrick! "The man who wins is the one who thinks he can." You are in our prayers!
Attention Philly area vets &  families: The Union League of Philadelphia will host a career skills seminar for vets & spouses May 17. Please share and spread the word!
Taking a moment on Yom Hazikaron – Israel’s Memorial Day - to remember Israel’s fallen soldiers and victims of terrorism. #RIP
With Dr. John Trojanowski, Director of the #Alzheimer's Disease Core Center at Penn Medicine. Their team is conducting some amazing research to combat this tragic disease.
Excited to tour Penn Medicine's #ALZ Disease Core Center today. Check out their facility's virtual tour! #ENDALZ
It's Friday, PA! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/wqtT4. Thanks for reading!
Hey, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, relax. #RainHappens 
We need to keep #Pittsburgh's 911th open. I'll continue working with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Congressman Tim Murphy (PA-18) to see that it does.
Joining Senator John Hoeven's bill to approve #KeystoneXL, increase jobs & bring this economy back for millions of Americans:
The Internet Tax Freedom Forever Act makes perfect sense. Glad to join Senator Ron Wyden & Senator John Thune to bar governments from taxing the web. #Freedom
I support Senator Rand Paul's commonsense idea to cut Palestinian aid if they don't recognize Israel’s right to exist. #StandwithRand
Important read by Yaron Sideman, the consul general of Israel to the Mid-Atlantic http://tinyurl.com/oqpo6cd
Great idea announced today. @SAP in Newtown Square pledges to hire more employees with #Autism http://tinyurl.com/ps7euz8
I will not support government policy that puts hundreds of thousands of people out of work. #minimumwage
Working with Senator Tom Carper & U.S. Senator Susan Collins to improve fire safety by making it easier to install sprinkler systems.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, with Ocean Spray's Justin and Henry. They opened a new plant in Lehigh County today! #oceanspraylhv
The #Johnstown Tribune-Democrat Editorial: Treat soldiers with honor and respect -- Cremated remains deserve proper burials. http://tinyurl.com/khxfqwk
Holocaust Remembrance Day continues until sundown tonight. #NeverAgain:
Sad day on Hawk Hill as the Saint Joseph's University community mourns the passing of basketball legend Dr. Jack Ramsay.  http://goo.gl/9MoKXD #RIPDrJack 
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update. Prefer inbox delivery? See http://ow.ly/waZEB. Thanks for reading!
Congrats to the workers at Aker Philadelphia Shipyard on the commissioning of the 115,000 ton crude oil tanker Liberty Bay today.
"A day after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected as excessive a $3.4 million restitution award for a Pennsylvania child pornography victim, Sen. Pat Toomey was working on legislation to ensure just compensation for those similarly abused."
Today, Rebecca Conley from my Erie office was helping vets cut through federal red tape at Gannon University at an expo hosted by Senator Sean D. Wiley.
A belated thank you to the folks at Spring City Electrical  Manufacturing. They are a world-leading manufacturer of lamp posts and other municipal castings. If you are in Philadelphia, Washington, New York or Boston and take a look at the lamp posts, chances are they were made in Chester County. During my visit, we discussed the importance of passing my bipartisan legislation with Senator Menendez to make it easier for companies to expense the purchase of capital equipment, lowering their annual tax bill. This is especially critical for heavy manufacturers like Spring City who are constantly investing in their operations to stay competitive.
Today, James Fitzpatrick and Phil Innamorato, from my Philly staff, served lunch at the Sunday Breakfast Rescue Mission in Center City.    Thanks to all of the wonderful staff and volunteers at the Mission who ensure our most vulnerable neighbors have 3 meals a day available to them everyday!
He is risen!  Happy Easter!
Working with Senator Charles E. Schumer & Senator Mark Kirk to continue help for religious groups forced to flee homes due to their faith.
Col. Thomas W. Dugan, of Reading PA, was declared MIA on Dec. 13, 1968 in Vietnam. He has been confirmed KIA. #RIP.
Sending best thoughts to all those observing Good Friday and the Easter Triduum.
The skilled workers at Armstrong World Industries in Lancaster are contributing to a PA manufacturing renaissance. This company's bringing production operations back from China.
Best wishes to the students, staff, and families of Franklin Regional High School as they return to school today. http://ow.ly/vReaa 
NA
FYI for PA parents & college-bound students: state-sponsored savings programs available with PA 529 programs.
My hope for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services: that they make #Alzheimer's research a very high priority. #ENDALZ 
Seems appropriate to announce this bill on #TaxDay:   The First Amendment Protection Act guards Americans from political harassment by the #IRS.
PA is #BostonStrong today!
Each year, April 15th serves as a reminder of how much we need comprehensive tax reform.  To cushion the blow, check out some of the deals being offered by retailers. http://goo.gl/O0v7AM #taxday 
Chag Sameach to all of those celebrating Pesach.
Please join me today in wishing a very happy birthday to Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.!
#HappyFriday PA! Here's your weekly update. Prefer inbox delivery? See http://ow.ly/vHCaa. Have a terrific weekend! 
 “It’s an absolute disgrace that they’re trying to make any comparison."  - Maureen Faulkner  http://tinyurl.com/kst5uko
Great meeting employees of Armstrong World Industries this morning in Lancaster. They're contributing to a manufacturing renaissance in PA by returning production operations from China and hiring skilled workers.
I will keep fighting to protect children.   http://www.mcall.com/news/breaking/mc-pa-toomey-child-predators-20140410,0,116252.story
Jumping on Newsradio 1070 WKOK this morning at 7:30 to talk with Mark Lawrence.  Hope you can tune in!
Deeply disappointed two of my colleagues objected to my bill to protect children from sexual predators. I will keep at this.
I am disappointed that the Senate didn’t pass my bill with Senator Joe Manchin III to protect kids.  We can’t wait another day.  I will keep on fighting to get this done. http://tinyurl.com/kdrebjk 
Senator Joe Manchin III and I are going to the Senate floor soon to ask our colleagues to pass our bill to protect kids today. http://tinyurl.com/lbbec6h
My pleasure to greet members of the Alzheimer's Association PA Public Policy Coalition in Washington this morning. Thank you for the work you do!
We cannot wait on this. I urge the Senate: pass my #bipartisan bill with Senator Joe Manchin III to protect kids from predators.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has some funny ideas about what makes a ‘navigable waterway.’ To me, it should at least be able to float a canoe. 
130. Shameful.  http://www.post-gazette.com/opinion/2014/04/09/Protect-our-kids-from-predators/stories/201404090005 
Awful news out of Franklin Regional High School. Please pray.
"To this day, I wonder how many of those children could have been spared had someone acted sooner." 
“It's not acceptable for men and women who served their country and risked their lives, often with serious deleterious effects from their service, to wait for long periods of time to have their claims decided.”
"This is legislation that passed the House unanimously. It is overdue.”
Happy 50th anniversary Wawa!
NA
Southeastern PA's district attorneys support my bill to protect school children from child predators:
Happy Friday PA! You made it! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/vrJ4x. Thanks!
Everybody wants clean water. This U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulation has nothing to do with it and is, in fact, a ridiculous power grab: 
"Since Jan. 1, 121 school employees have been arrested in the U.S. for sexual misconduct with children. That’s more than one per day since the beginning of the year."
Power Grab... http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/federal_government/lawmakers-push-epa-for-more-time-on-water-rule/2014/04/04/735ffb06-bbc1-11e3-80de-2ff8801f27af_story.html 
I was glad to work across the aisle on the JOBS Act. It's working:
Thoughts and prayers tonight for everyone at Fort Hood.
Today is World #Autism Awareness Day. Share your Autism Kindness Acts story with #AKA #WAAD. 
Marta Gabriel, my Lehigh Valley regional manager, attended the ribbon cutting for the new PetSmart Distribution Center in Bethel Township, Berks County. The facility employs 300 and will be adding 200 employees by 2016. This is the pet care company's 9th distribution center, and was built to meet the growing demands of stores in the Northeast region. Also pictured are  Lieutenant Governor Jim Cawley and Congressman Charlie Dent.
“He said he would fail me if I ever told.” 
If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it … #AprilFools #Obamacare
NA
NA
With the Penn State Women's Volleyball team and Coach Russ Rose this morning. Congratulations on winning the 2013 National Championship!
Great to be on campus in Happy Valley to meet with the Penn State Women's Volleyball team and congratulate them on winning the 2013 National Championship!
Congrats to Wisconsin Badgers head coach Bo Ryan, who led his team to the Final Four last night.  A Chester native, Coach Ryan cut his teeth at Brookhaven Middle School and Sun Valley High School before moving on to the collegiate ranks.
Happy Friday #PA! Here's your weekly update. Prefer inbox delivery? See http://ow.ly/v8snq. Thanks!
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have introduced a resolution honoring the life and heroism of Wild Bill Guarnere and the members of Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division. Philly’s “Wild Bill” was one of the last of this Band of Brothers.  He came home without a leg, eschewed the term hero and served as an advocate for veterans once they returned from war.  All Americans can be proud of this magnificent unit, which counted 12 original members from Pennsylvania. Our resolution is here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1312
Thanks to Ron Alvarado, Chairman of Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and Varsovia Fernandez, President and CEO of the Greater Philadelphia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce for taking time to meet yesterday in Washington.
Thanks to the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area Hispanic Chamber of Commerce for visiting me in Washington today!
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference." Happy birthday, Robert Frost.
A brief history of Obamacare delays... http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/obamacare-affordable-care-act-105036.html#ixzz2x4aHD0tt
I’d be thrilled to have Pope Francis visit #Philadelphia - or any PA city or town - next year. #PopeInPhilly #WMOF2015 
The view from my office today … Happy Spring!
Here, Lt. Col. Chris Becking, of the Army Corps of Engineers, gives me an update on projects to deepen the Delaware River. This is critical to the economy of our entire region. The Delaware River is vital for our exporters and refiners in the Commonwealth, supporting jobs across all kinds of sectors and industries. I was glad to get Lt. Col. Becking's update on how to deepen this vital waterway in an environmentally responsible fashion.
Today, I met with Lt. Col. Chris Becking, Philadelphia District Commander of the Army Corps of Engineers, to discuss ongoing projects to deepen the Delaware River.
In honor of National Agriculture Day #AgDay2014
Attention PA high school students! Considering applying to one of our nation’s service academies? My staff will be hosting two information days this weekend in Allentown (http://ow.ly/uWsVP) and Hummelstown (http://ow.ly/uWuZl). Thank you for your interest in serving in our military!
http://timesleader.com/news/local-news-news/1278457/GM-responds-to-Toomey-request 
Groundbreaking suffragists, reporters, abolitionists, & more - check out these amazing #PA women! #WomensHistoryMonth 
We are ... ! 
NA
Visited Klein Farms Dairy and Creamery to better understand implications of a potential EU initiative to force American cheese producers to change the names of cheeses that originally came from Europe: Cheddar, Muenster, Parmesan, Provolone, and Swiss to name a few. Ridiculous!
Today I visited Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network to learn about significant advances in rehabilitation services the hospital has made the past few years to help patients throughout Northeast PA.
Thanks to the terrific staff and volunteers of Nova Bucks, Congressman Mike Fitzpatrick, and all those who joined me today to discuss how we can better protect children from sexual abuse and human trafficking.
March 20, 1893: George Washington Ferris, a #Pittsburgh bridge builder, raises the first Ferris wheel for the Chicago World Fair.  #burghproud
In honor of #WomensHistoryMonth, take a look at these fascinating #PA women who left their mark on history!
Today, my constituent service advocate, Imani Johnson, gave a presentation to the MOMS Club of Pottsgrove/Pottstown to share an update on my initiatives to protect children. These include the Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and my work to keep prescription drugs off the streets.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
While in Pittsburgh last week, I stopped by the Mayor's office and had the opportunity to meet with Mayor Bill Peduto.
Great visit to Pittsburgh today.  My thanks to  WPXI-TV Pittsburgh for hosting me at their studio.  WPXI Stephen Cropper and I had the opportunity to talk about the winter storm that may hit PA this weekend.
Happy Pi Day PA! Here's your weekly update. To sign up, see http://ow.ly/uBvOj. Thanks and have a great weekend!
Below is my statement on Dr. Vivek Murthy, the President’s nominee for Surgeon General:   "The Surgeon General is the most prominent government spokesperson on matters of public health and is responsible for overseeing more than 6,700 uniformed members of the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.   "President Obama’s nominee for the position, Dr. Vivek Murthy, has had a relatively short career in medicine that is rather lacking on public health issues for a position of this stature. Instead, Dr. Murthy, as the president of a partisan political organization, has been an active promoter of #ObamaCare -- a law that I believe is fundamentally wrong in its approach to improving our nation’s health care system. Dr. Murthy also has advocated for policies that would erode our important Second Amendment rights. For these reasons, I will oppose Dr. Murthy’s nomination for Surgeon General.”
"We should cast aside the conventional wisdom of the Beltway and make maximizing growth the guiding principle of tax reform."
NA
Today, I voted in favor of the bipartisan flood insurance agreement. Here is my statement:   "I had two goals I wanted to achieve as the Senate debated reforms to the flood insurance bill. First, I wanted to ease the burden of sudden rate increases imposed on many Pennsylvania families. Second, I wanted to do so in a way that protects the financial integrity of the program so it can honor future claims.  "The Menendez bill the Senate passed earlier this year utterly failed to achieve the latter goal. Today's bill, while far from perfect, achieves both of my objectives, including protecting the flood insurance program's sustainability using a mechanism similar to the one I proposed in January."
It was my honor to welcome two outstanding Pennsylvania students as delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program – Stanley Marciniak III and Xiomara Salazar. Both have been recognized for their academic excellence and service to the community. In the Capitol last night, I signed their certificates and heard from each about their plans for college and beyond. Pennsylvania is very proud of them and we wish them all the best in their future endeavors!
NA
This is no laughing matter. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/in-the-loop/wp/2014/03/12/feta-up-with-imitations-europeans-start-food-fight/?wprss=rss_in-the-loop&clsrd
Thinking of the people of Harlem at this tragic time. To first responders and firefighters, stay safe.  #HarlemExplosion 
In a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing today with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr., I introduced Cheryl Ann Krause as a nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, which includes Pennsylvania. She has amassed an impressive resume that includes both public service and private practice work. She has an unquestioned commitment to the law and I look forward to her joining our other talented federal jurists on the Third Circuit.
NA
NA
NA
Terrific talk this morning with Saint Joseph's University president Fr. Kevin Gillespie about the amazing work they do for kids with autism.
It was my honor to welcome to Washington Major General Wesley Craig for an update on the Pennsylvania National Guard. Pennsylvania has one of the largest national guards of any state.
Who moved my cheese? The EU, apparently. Absurd. I call on the U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Department of Agriculture to stand up for America's dairy producers.  
Idea: fund Alzheimer's research at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) with proceeds from sales of US Postal Service stamps. I'm working on a bipartisan bill to do just that. #ENDALZ
John Frick, my Johnstown regional manager, gave his time and talent to craft furniture for the 9/11 museum on board the USS Somerset. Using lumber from the Somerset County area, John and fellow-woodworker Keith Martin spent 200 hours on this remarkable, touching memorial to the heroes of Flight 93. Photos here:
NA
Congrats! 2:00.09! #usatf
Last Friday, Phil Innamorato from my Philadelphia office met with Classical Conversations (Northeast Philadelphia chapter) which is a  group of home-school students and parents. The children recited parts of the Constitution and detailed world and U.S. historical events as part of the program.
... I served in a company of heroes... http://tinyurl.com/jvugtwv 
A victory for Pennsylvania and for those who believe in justice... http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/20140307_Honoring_the_good_guys_who_said__No_.html
What character trait is one of the most valuable?
NA
Congratulations to Tobyhanna Army Depot on being awarded the Governor's Award for Safety Excellence. Here, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, stands with Col. Gerhard P.R. Schröter, Commander, and Anthony Ferreira, President, AFGE Local 1647. Representatives from the PA Dept. of Labor and Industry were also in attendance.
Shawn Conway, my constituent advocate for southwest PA, held a casework day in New Castle at the office of State Sen. Elder Vogel. My staff regularly holds events like these across the commonwealth.
A good day for Pennsylvania and for those who believe in justice.
My statement on today's vote regarding Debo Adegbile to head the civil rights division at the Department of Justice:   Today is a good day for Pennsylvania, for America, and for those who believe in justice.  It was a hard fought victory to the end.  I appreciate the bipartisan support of my colleagues -- including Senators Casey, Coons, and Manchin -- and from Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams in opposing the confirmation of Mr. Adegbile.  Today the Senate affirmed that our criminal justice system must never be abused to propagate a dishonest, radical agenda.  The American people, especially law enforcement and Maureen Faulkner, deserve better.
Debo Adegbile helped celebrate a cop-killer. He is unfit for the DOJ. Thanks to Sean Hannity for the chance to discuss this last night.
March 5, 1946: Winston Churchill delivers the "Iron Curtain" speech at Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri.
I will be joining Sean Hannity on Fox News at 10:30 tonight to discuss my opposition to the nomination of Debo Adegbile to head up the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice.  Hope you can tune in.
"Set aside any partisan feelings you have and do the right thing when you vote on Mr. Adegbile's confirmation. Please spare my family and me from further pain." – Maureen Faulkner, widow of Officer Danny Faulkner. She asks my Senate colleagues to oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile to the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division. I stand with her. Will they? 
This weekend was the commissioning of the USS Somerset in Philadelphia, PA. Also commissioned in Philadelphia: the nation’s first frigate, the USS United States, on July 11, 1797. The United States was the first of six frigates authorized by the Naval Act of 1794 with the most famous being its sister ship, the Constitution (or “Old Ironsides”), that is currently still afloat and the world’s oldest commissioned naval vessel. These ships were expertly designed by Pennsylvanian Joshua Humphrey, carried 44 guns, and were built to be heavy enough to outgun any enemy frigate yet fast enough to evade the much larger ships-of-the-line, of which the US Navy had none.
Last night, Pica's Restaurant of #UpperDarby made it onto The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.  Jimmy Fallon had it brought in for actress Tina Fey, an Upper Darby, PA native."
Happy Fastnacht Day PA! 
Happy 333rd birthday PA! March 4, 1681: England's King Charles II signs the charter of Pennsylvania in return of a debt to William Penn’s father. 
Maureen Faulkner has started a petition calling for justice for her husband.  If you have a free moment, please check it out.  http://goo.gl/mf1ALV
PA History: Philly's Katharine Drexel is celebrated today as a saint of the Catholic Church for her inspiring life of service to the needy.
The Senate will vote this week on the nomination of Debo Adegbile for a top Justice Department post.  I do not think he should be confirmed. http://www.inquirer.com/opinion/commentary/20140303_Unfit_for_Justice_post.html 
Couldn't ask for a more beautiful setting in Philadelphia today to honor the heroes of Flight 93 and to commission the USS Somerset.
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/u7c5i. Thanks for reading!
"The state-of-the-art warship, named in honor of the men and women aboard United Airlines Flight 93 that crashed into a Shanksville field in Somerset County on 9/11, will travel the world to protect the U.S. and its allies for the next 50 or more years."  http://www.heraldstandard.com/new_today/dunbar-township-men-build-furniture-for-uss-somerset/article_ecbd8a0e-873b-5021-a46c-5927bdae982a.html
Let's hear it for John Frick, my Johnstown regional manager, who gave his time and talent to craft furniture for the 9/11 museum on board the USS Somerset. Using lumber from the Somerset County area, John and fellow-woodworker Keith Martin spent 200 hours on this remarkable, touching memorial to the heroes of Flight 93. Looking forward to seeing it at the commissioning tomorrow in Philly.
If you're in #Philly for the USS Somerset commissioning this weekend . . . 
With cadet Ethan Dunlap, Civil Air Patrol - Pennsylvania Wing.
Col. Sandra Brandon, Civil Air Patrol - Pennsylvania Wing, gave an update on the valuable missions CAP runs on behalf of our Commonwealth.
The Civil Air Patrol - Pennsylvania Wing was in D.C. today to brief me on their vision for future service to our communities, state, and nation. They work with the Pennsylvania National Guard to help keep Pennsylvanians safe with missions ranging from search and rescue to fire scouting.
One of the things we discussed was tax reform. We need to simplify our tax code so that farmers and small business owners can focus more of their energy on running their organizations, and less time dealing with government hassle.
I was happy to meet with members of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau this morning in Washington. An 8 a.m. meeting might be early for a lot of people in D.C., but not for our farmers!
Arland Schantz and his family own Evergreen Farm in Zionsville. It was great to have a neighbor from home visit this morning!
In Philly during #BlackHistoryMonth? Don't miss Mother Bethel AME Church, founded in 1787. Beautiful & truly historic.
“I may not always agree with what you say, but I’ll defend to the death your right to say it.” – not the Federal Communications Commission
The American people deserve an explanation of the Federal Communications Commission's outrageous attempt to police the nation's newsrooms. 
Great to have the support of the National Council of Chain Restaurants for efforts to repeal the Renewable Fuel Standard(RFS). Not only does the RFS drive up the price of gasoline, but it also increases food prices.  According to the National Council of Chain Restaurants, the RFS increases food and commodity prices by $3.2 billion each year.
Discussed tax reform on Squawk on the Street this morning. 
Ruinous. Predictable. 
Great to meet with PA members of the Disabled American Veterans yesterday.
Philly's Marian Anderson - the 1st African American to sing at the Metropolitan Opera - sings at the Lincoln Memorial. #blackhistorymonth
I’m grateful to PA members of the Disabled American Veterans Kevin Noel, Carmen DeSanti, Dr. Robert Cudworth, and Timothy Dunn for visiting me in Washington today.
Dr. Robert Cudworth (middle) and Timothy Dunn (right) are both past state commanders of the PA Disabled American Veterans.
At my meeting with PA members of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) today, I had the chance to speak with Carmen DeSanti, a WWII veteran who served in the Marine Corps in the South Pacific. Truly an honor.
Sheila Sterrett my Northwest Pennsylvania regional manager, presented a certificate to the Penn Soil RC&D at their 50th anniversary luncheon. (From left: Nathan Welker, Allegheny National Forest Ecosystem Management Team; Jack Preston, Chairman of Penn Soil RC&D Council; Wes Ramsey, Executive Director of Penn Soil RC&D Council, Sheila Sterrett; and State Sen. Scott Hutchinson.)
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, presented certificates of recognition to two local Lehigh Valley heroes today at the Lehigh Valley International airport. While on break, TSOs Ian Wolf and John Prestera noticed a man slumped over in his seat. They approached him and immediately noticed that he was not breathing. Wolf and Prestera quickly helped him sit upright and repositioned his head. They began administering oxygen to the passenger and alerted airline agents to the situation. According to emergency personnel on the scene, Wolf and Prestera saved the man’s life by quickly moving him to an upright position, opening his airway, and administering oxygen.   Thanks to them both for their quick thinking and rapid response!
Happy 100th birthday to Tastykake, a Philly legend. What's your favorite? I lean toward the butterscotch krimpets. 
Here’s my op-ed in The Wall Street Journal with Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams. We oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile because “it is one thing to provide legal representation and quite another to seize on a case and turn it into a political platform from which to launch an extreme attack on the justice system.”
Imani Johnson, from my Philly office, visited the VA Medical Center for Valentine’s Day to present patients with cards from local students. She goes every year. Way to go!
Fantastic! Penn State's THON raises 13.3 million to fight pediatric cancer. We are! ...
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I are working to bring home our heroes:
I sat down with Drew Speier of WBRE-TV in Scranton to discuss my work to protect schoolchildren from sexual and violent predators. Tune in tonight at 5:00 to learn more.
NA
Thanks to President Rounds and his students at the The Williamson Free School of Mechanical Trades for showing me around yesterday. Based in Delaware County, Williamson provides a rigorous associate’s degree in 6 trades at no cost to deserving students. They have produced the nation’s top carpenter in the SkillsUSA competition for 7 of the past 12 years. Washington could learn a lot from Williamson as we discuss how to reform the nation’s tangled web of workforce development programs.
Just had a great meeting with Lorenzo North, President of AFSCME Local 159 Correctional Officers union. He is also an Army veteran. We discussed legislation which would assist his workforce and improve their safety. I also thanked Lorenzo for his terrific public service and service to our country.
In Philly today, I visited the IBEW Local 98 training facility to learn more about their union apprenticeship and worker training program. The federal government's worker training efforts are a confusing maze of more than 50 different programs. There’s a lot that Washington can learn from the one at IBEW Local 98.
In the Southeast today to talk with local leaders about how we can reform the federal government’s complicated web of workforce development programs. It’s something Congress and the President  want to work on.
Congratulations to the Easton Area High School Red Rovers marching band.  They are going to be performing at the Orange Bowl! http://bit.ly/1d0pW2s
Yesterday, Congressman Joe Pitts and I toured Reading Hospital. Visits like these help us make informed judgments back in Washington.
Barack Obama in 2008: We need to end abuse of executive orders! Barack Obama in 2014: I've got a phone and a pen! 
Way to go Sarah!
Filming State of Pennsylvania at WVIA studios in Pittston. Program will run tonight at 7 p.m. on WVIA and will be available online at http://www.wvia.org/home/.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Krauthammer nails it. http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/charles-krauthammer-obamacares-war-on-jobs/2014/02/13/ed97c9c8-94eb-11e3-84e1-27626c5ef5fb_story.html
NA
Last week, my Northwestern PA regional manager Sheila Sterrett joined the President of Thiel College, Dr. Troy VanAken and other federal, state, and local officials at Thiel College's 2014 Founder's Day Convocation.
I urge my Senate colleagues to support my bipartisan Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act. The House has passed it unanimously. Now, it's our turn to strengthen the safety of America's school children.
While everyone is watching #Sochi2014, I'm also excited about the VA Wheelchair Games this summer in Philadelphia.
DOJ nominee Debo Adegbile's work on behalf of convicted cop-killer Abu-Jamal disqualifies him for this critical post.
Today in 1809, one of our greatest presidents was born in a tiny log cabin. Happy birthday Mr. Lincoln. And thank you.
Great meeting with Philly's Mayor Michael Nutter in Washington today!
Work is a source of dignity. It’s how people get ahead. I am shocked our government is discouraging it with #Obamacare.
Thanks to State Senator Anthony Hardy Williams for working with me to protect kids from sexual predators. End #passthetrash practices!
The President has delayed the #Obamacare mandate for businesses (again). Why won’t he do it for families? 
NA
Nancy Gudino, from my staff, attended the kick-off ceremony celebrating National Salute to Veteran Patients week at the Wilkes-Barre VA Medical Center. Let’s all remember to take time to pay tribute and thank our veterans for their service!
At FOP Lodge 5, I held a press conference opposing the nomination of Debo Adegbile to the Justice Department. His team spread misinformation about the murder of Philadelphia police officer Danny Faulkner and proclaimed the innocence of convicted cop-killer Abu-Jamal.
Go get ‘em @summerbritcher competing this morning for @USA_Luge and #teamUSA http://tinyurl.com/nu5tz6t
I will be a guest on KDKA-TV | CBS Pittsburgh's KD/PG Sunday Edition at 11:30 AM tomorrow morning.  If you're free, please tune in.
Happy Friday PA! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see: http://ow.ly/toRmR. Thanks for reading!
I'm delighted the USS Somerset is sailing for Philly. The ship is named in honor of the courageous passengers whose actions prevented the 9-11 hijackers from killing many more Americans. My follow Pennsylvanians and I will be privileged to see the ship begin her service to our country in the Port of Philadelphia on March 1. 
Happy Birthday President Reagan. #ATimeForChoosing  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXBswFfh6AY
Shocked the White House thinks 2.5 million lost jobs is a good thing. How is trapping people in poverty good? #Obamacare
I have grave concerns over the nomination of Debo Adegbile to the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division. 
Always enjoy speaking to Chris Stigall. Today's topics -- Obamacare and the outrage that is the nomination of cop-killer's lawyer to DOJ civil rights post. http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/stigallpodcasts/#
NA
I oppose the nomination of Debo Adegbile to head the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division.  Mr. Adegbile’s record raises serious questions about his judgment and fitness to execute the duties of assistant attorney general.  Notably, a team of defense lawyers managed by Mr. Adegbile distorted the facts in the case for Mumia Abu-Jamal, the unrepentant murderer who took the life of Philadelphia Police Officer Daniel Faulkner 32 years ago.   The mission of the DOJ division that Mr. Adegbile would lead is to uphold the civil and constitutional rights of all individuals.  This requires the head of the Civil Rights Division to have an absolute commitment to truth and justice.  I do not believe that Mr. Adegbile demonstrated such a commitment in his handling of the Mumia Abu-Jamal case.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reports #Obamacare will cost 2.5 million jobs. This is as predictable as it is devastating.
Good article on flood insurance from LancasterOnline.com.
Unbelievable. Or is it? #Obamacare 
Interesting and hopeful.  http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303519404579353442155924498?mod=ITP_pageone_0
Thanks to Philadelphia City Council for naming 2014 the ‘Year of the Veteran in Philadelphia’!
Duncan and I made a snowman.
I am very proud to have nominated these outstanding students to our military academies. I wish them all the best!
Snow is really coming down here in Allentown. Looks like Punxsutawney Phil was right on the money this year.
 Happy #GroundhogDay! Will Phil see his shadow? Watch live here: 
Congratulations to Lehigh Valley native and Kutztown University of Pennsylvania alum Andre Reed who will be enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame this summer.
Please share if you agree that schools should perform background checks on all new and existing employees and not "pass the trash."  And click on this WGAL story for more info. http://www.wgal.com/news/susquehanna-valley/state/lawmakers-state-officials-take-aim-at-child-predators/-/9758860/24221468/-/dwcf6m/-/index.html
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's your weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/ta2VV. Thanks for reading!
Jason Kelce out in the first round?  Mom from Nebraska shatters the Wing Bowl record book. Good times!  http://www.philly.com/philly/sports/wingbowl/Wing_Bowl_22_under_way_eating_.html
Thanks to Attorney General Kathleen Kane, State Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams & DA Ed Marsico for working with me to better protect children from sexual and violent predators.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, with constituents at a casework event in PA State Rep. Doyle Heffley's office. My office regularly holds events like this across the state. Check your local newspaper for a casework day near you!
Behind-the-scenes video: talking to PA TV about the State of the Union address #SOTU
"There's nothing affordable about it."  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/watch-employees-pennsylvania-company-learn-increased-health-costs-due-obamacare_775944.html
Newtown, Pa.'s Nathan Bartholomay headed to Sochi!  Bobsled driver Jamie Greubel is from Newtown too.  WOW. Good luck.  Go Team USA.  http://tinyurl.com/qhxy8k4
As the Senate debates reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program, we need a balanced approach to assist Pennsylvania homeowners, policy holders, and communities struggling to meet the rates established as a result of Biggert-Waters. That's why I am offering a measure which will slow the phase-in for rate increases triggered by a home sale and for properties most dramatically affected by remapping.  Here are my remarks on the Senate floor this afternoon. 
The problems the President decried tonight have grown far worse as a direct result of his policies.  Now he is threatening to double down on those failed policies with unilateral executive fiats that may exceed his constitutional and legal authority.       The President overstated the extent of the economy’s recovery under his policies. In fact, the labor force participation is at its lowest point in 35 years because more and more people have become so discouraged with our dismal job market that they have given up looking for work in the Obama economy. Median family income is down by $2,000 since he took office.  And the very income inequality the President spoke of has exploded under his leadership, so that today there is a wider gap than there was under President Bush and even prior to the Great Depression in 1928.   There are ways to create jobs and a more robust economy where all incomes rise – for women and men, upper and lower income, everyone.  For instance, I have a bill with Democratic Senator Menendez to help small business grow and hire workers.  I support tax reform that would spur economic growth and enable American workers to compete successfully against foreign workers.  From 2007 to 2012, the places that saw median household income grow were predominantly energy producing areas.  Let’s approve the Keystone XL pipeline which would create many jobs for Pennsylvania-based contractors and suppliers and allow the production of oil and gas on more federal lands to diminish our dependence on foreign energy.  I am glad President Obama stressed the need for Trade Promotion Authority tonight.  On a bipartisan basis, we must allow the President to complete trade deals that will open up foreign markets for Pennsylvania exports.  While we disagree on other economic issues, I am reassured that our President remains committed to maintaining America’s role as a global trade leader.   I remain eager to work with the President on this issue and other efforts that will grow our economy.
Great talking with Mayor Bracey tonight in advance of the State of the Union address.
Looking forward to your visit, Mayor C. Kim Bracey! #SOTU
In tonight's #SOTU, President Barack Obama has a chance to work with Congress for a pro-growth agenda. Here's what I'd like to hear. How about you?
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: Tax reform to spur economic growth and enable American workers to compete successfully against foreign workers. What do you want to hear?
It’s International Holocaust Remembrance Day. Today in 1945, Allied troops liberated Auschwitz-Birkenau. Never forget.
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: A decision to allow production of oil and natural gas on more federal lands to diminish our dependence on foreign energy. What do you want to hear?
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: Approval of #KeystoneXL, which would create jobs with PA-based contractors and suppliers.
Thrilled that York Mayor Kim Bracey will be my guest at the #SOTU address tomorrow night. Learn more about her here: http://yorkcity.org/mayor-c-kim-bracey
What I hope we hear in tomorrow's #SOTU address: A firm stand against excessive, job-killing regulations so that more unemployed Pennsylvanians can find work. What do you want to hear?
Philly has lost a sports legend in Tom Gola.   Mr. Gola was one of only two collegiate players to amass 2,000 points and rebounds.  He also won titles while playing at La Salle University and in the NBA with the Philadelphia Warriors.    http://bit.ly/M4r6Dc
I support the Supreme Court's decision to prevent the Obama Administration from enforcing the contraceptive mandate while ongoing litigation over this matter is considered.   The Court was right to provide relief from the misguided mandate which infringes on the First Amendment and religious freedom.    I hope the justices will conclude that this provision is unconstitutional.
Happy Friday Pennsylvania! Here's my weekly update. To sign up, see: http://ow.ly/sVrtH. Thank you for reading!
With every hope we'll find a cause and cure, I’m joining the bipartisan Congressional task force on Alzheimer’s. #ENDALZ
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - #MLK
#HappyFriday Pennsylvania! Here's my weekly e-update. For inbox delivery, sign up at http://ow.ly/sHp30. Thanks for reading!
The U.S. is supposed to return Iraqi Jewish artifacts -- stolen by Saddam Hussein -- to Iraq. I disagree.
Happy 308th birthday today to Benjamin Franklin, who said, "A penny saved is a penny earned." Wish Congress would take it to heart!
Please read Campbell Brown’s important piece today in the Wall Street Journal about my bipartisan efforts with Rep. George Miller to protect kids from violent and sexual predators. http://on.wsj.com/1abjutS
"The massive project is expected to jolt Philadelphia's lethargic economy with about 6,300 temporary construction-related jobs and an additional 14,400 jobs in Pennsylvania." 
Kris and I had a great time at the Lemon Ball Saturday.  Great cause.  Great kids.
With Montco DA Risa Vetri Ferman, I met with the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys today on Capitol Hill to share details on my plan to protect children from sexual predators.
Ouch. US falls from 6th to 12th place under Obama. Economy less free than Estonia, Mauritius, 9 other countries. http://tinyurl.com/l4ga53p
Congratulations to Berks Encore on the opening of its new Strausstown Center – the 7th Berks Encore satellite senior center to open in Berks County.  The center, which plans to serve thousands of senior citizens in the region, is a partnership among Berks Encore, St. Joseph Regional Health Network,  and Berks County Area on Aging.  Pictured are LuAnn Oatman, President and CEO of Berks Encore; Marta Gabriel with my office, Craig Lutz, representing State Sen. David G. Argall; and John Morahan, President and CEO of St. Joseph Regional Health Network.
NA
Stepping up efforts to protect religious minorities abroad. Religious freedom is a natural right. It belongs to all.
My thanks to Ray Sharrah and the employees of Streamlight for hosting me yesterday.  Streamlight is a flashlight manufacturer located in Montgomery County.  Also, thanks to  John C. Rafferty, Jr. for joining me.  
 
 Check out the The Times Herald's coverage here.  http://goo.gl/J2ZinB
Welcome home, Coach Franklin.  Penn State Football   http://goo.gl/R0auQ3
Great morning at the Upper Main Line YMCA.  Discussed an important issue – protecting our kids.  http://tinyurl.com/mqetnyy
Great visit to the Upper Main Line YMCA this morning to talk with their staff and other local officials about the steps I am taking to protect children from violent predators.
In case you missed it, Chris Stigall and I chatted this morning. I gave him an update from Washington. Thanks for listening! http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/stigallpodcasts/#
Last night, Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I read aloud the names of the Pennsylvania service members killed in action in 2013. We honor these 6 men.
Going to the Senate floor with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. in a few minutes to honor those PA service members killed in action in 2013.
This makes sense.  I’m joining @TomCoburn to make sure millionaires are not receiving unemployment benefits http://tinyurl.com/lbhp6oc
Congrats to Pittsburgh Penguins Coach Dan Bylsma, now the team's all-time winningest coach! #BurghProud
NA
Great meeting just now with Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals CEO Dr. Stephen Klasko. Thanks for your leadership and service to southeastern Pennsylvania!
Happy birthday to Senator Rand Paul and Senator John Thune. It is a pleasure serving with you both!
Congrats to Ed. W. Clark, the new superintendent of  Gettysburg National Military Park Museum and Visitor Center.
Kris and I extend our condolences to the friends and family to former State Rep. Merle Phillips, who passed away this morning.  Rep. Phillips served Pennsylvania and our Country with distinction.
Big Philadelphia Eagles win tonight.  NFC East Champions!  #flyeaglesfly
Merry Christmas!
Great story of a community rallying together.  Please keep Laney Brown and her family in your thoughts and prayers this Christmas Eve. http://bit.ly/1d5TUF0
Congratulations to the Penn State women's volleyball team on capturing their 5th national championship in 7 years last night in Seattle.  http://bit.ly/1coKZjz 
Relieved and grateful to hear that Sarah Murnaghan is making such a remarkable recovery.  Please keep her and the Murnaghan family in your thoughts and prayers this Christmas.  http://cnn.it/19kopZh 
Christmas tree at the U.S. Capitol.
Congratulations to Albert Boscov of Boscov's on the groundbreaking of his Doubletree Hotel in Reading, Berks County today. Glad my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, could be there.
My bill with Senator Cornyn will strengthen and modernize U.S. bankruptcy laws and protect U.S. taxpayers from future financial industry bailouts. http://tinyurl.com/kyvk5sb
I’ve signed onto this bill to impose sanctions on Iran. POTUS threatens veto http://tinyurl.com/knype5s
We need to address the serious issues involving "too-big-to-fail" banks and stop taxpayer bailouts http://tinyurl.com/p4ljagl
Nails it.
I support many of the policies in the defense authorization bill.  But there were many other worthy ideas that Senators should have been able to offer and that deserve consideration.
More fraud in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's renewable fuel standard program: a biofuel company selling credits for fuel it didn't produce.
“I don’t care how they spin it, #Obamacare is not affordable. It’s wrecking our total economy.”
Virulent outbreak of common sense on Capitol Hill last night: the Senate passed my bill with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to keep the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency off the backs of our firefighters.
I am proud to stand with Congressman Lou Barletta and now the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in working to ensure volunteer first responders are not subject to onerous Obamacare mandates. http://bit.ly/18UyF7T
NA
Christmas City, USA:
Happy birthday to Pope Francis.
Wow.
With Rep. Pat Meehan and Senator John Rafferty at Centre Square Fire Company in Blue Bell this afternoon. I shared details on my bill to protect volunteer first responders from dangerous #Obamacare mandates.
“The ‘cracks’ through which a pedophile can fall without detection should be very small. Congress should pass Mr. Toomey's bill to make that the case.”
NA
Excited to visit Station 33, Centre Square Fire Company in Blue Bell this afternoon. Thank you for 100 years of service to Whitpain Township!
NA
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended the Hillside Healthcare ribbon cutting in East Stroudsburg, Monroe County on Friday. The center is the first residential drug and alcohol rehab center in Monroe County and the surrounding region including Pike and Carbon counties.
Check out this great shot from today's #ArmyNavy game.
Reminder: Kick-off for the 114th annual football game between Army and Navy is at 3 PM.  With snow in the forecast for #Philly,  we have all the makings of another memorable game.  #singsecond
I will be keeping a watchful eye on this, but it seems like the EPA has decided to rollback a dangerous and costly regulation impacting fire hydrants.  Check out coverage in today's TribLIVE.com - Pittsburgh's News Source.  http://goo.gl/9cVsvg
I will be opposing the budget deal. My full statement is here: http://ow.ly/rKIdj.
Today we honor the U.S. National Guard on its 377th birthday.  To every guard member, thank you for your service!
Congratulations to Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder and NL MVP, Andrew Mccutchen and his now fiance, Maria.  Yesterday, on the The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Andrew popped the question! http://bit.ly/18mjgz6
When my son Patrick and I were a little less senior. (He’s 12 now.) #tbt
#Obamacare puts our volunteer firefighters on the hook. Congressman Lou Barletta and I are working hard to change that.
This day in 1787: Pennsylvania becomes the second state to ratify the U.S. Constitution. #tbt
So absurd: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency rules malfunctioning fire hydrants may only be replaced with lead-free hydrants that might not exist.
Joining Pope Francis and praying for the safety of nuns and others taken from their monastery by militants in #Syria.
Terrific win for the Philadelphia Eagles last weekend in the "Snow Bowl."  Check out this week's cover of Sports Illustrated | SI.com, which features Eagles QB Nick Foles and Guard Todd Herremans.
Congratulations to Philadelphia Phillies righthander, Roy Halladay on wrapping up his brilliant 16 year career.   http://goo.gl/fK2rqd
Here are a few of my thoughts on how to get something done on the federal budget http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/20131208_Getting_serious__and_realistic__on_budget.html
Remembering Pearl Harbor.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQOzUqdOVDU
Grabbing coffee with Andrew Seder of The Times Leader in Wilkes-Barre.
"I would not and could not give myself up to despair." - Nelson Mandela. RIP.
Last month, my wife, Kris, and I took our children to Philly's Walk to End Alzheimer's. Here are my reflections on that day.
Celebrating 125 years of service to seniors at Wesley Enhanced Living in northeast Philly. What a record!
Working with PA State Rep. Joe Hackett to prevent prescription drug abuse. This is why:
My wife, Kris, wasn't able to get through on #Obamacare's website. The site took all our family's personal info, but wouldn't let her shop for alternative plans.
Icymi, here's my visit to The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR at Philly's Camp Out for Hunger this morning. Thanks for the good work you're doing guys! http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=audio&id=1214
Hosting a prescription drug roundtable with PA State Rep. Joe Hackett, Delco DA Jack Whalen, members of the Delaware County Council, and local residents.
Jumping on TalkRadio WPHT with Dom Giordano in just a few. Hope you can tune in:
Catching up with NBC10 Philadelphia's Tracy Davidson before going on with Preston & Steve.
Visiting The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR at Philly's Camp Out for Hunger in a few. Come on by XFINITY Live! Philadelphia and make a donation. See you soon!
Looking forward to visiting with The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR tomorrow morning and making a donation to the Camp Out for Hunger.  If you are in the area and able, donations are being accepted until Friday afternoon at the Camp Out for Hunger headquarters- outside of XFINITY Live! Philadelphia.
Great talking with Neil Cavuto just now. The problems with #Obamacare just never seem to end.
Looking forward to discussing #Obamacare on Your World with Neil Cavuto at 4:15. Hope you can tune in!
If you're in Philly on this #GivingTuesday, I hope you'll stop by the Camp Out for Hunger and visit with The Preston & Steve Show on 93.3 WMMR.  I'll be by tomorrow!
Attention Philly: The Philadelphia Veterans Comfort House will host homeless vets & families on #Christmas Day with presents, a tree, and dinner too. Spread the word!
Per Washington Post, #Obamacare enrollment errors could deny coverage for 1/3 of those who have already signed up.
Hope it was a terrific holiday, Pennsylvania. Icymi, I spoke with Philly's Northeast Times about #Iran, #Obamacare and a lot more.
Terrific to hear that the White House Christmas tree was provided by Crystal Spring Tree Farm near Lehighton. http://t.co/fPeONktlGj
Wishing everyone a blessed #Thanksgiving. What are you most grateful for?
Wishing a happy #Hanukkah to all those celebrating in Pennsylvania!
Washington Post ed board is dead-on:
Despite the administration’s objections, I think Congress should vote for tougher #Iran sanctions as soon as possible.
Congratulations to Coach Bertie Landes and the Shippensburg University Lady Raiders field hockey team on capturing the NCAA Division II National Championship this afternoon!
A victory for religious freedom.   http://triblive.com/news/adminpage/5120227-74/coverage-government-provide#axzz2lOov5mJ0
Today we remember President John F. Kennedy- 50 years after his passing.  Check out this thought provoking piece from today’s TribLIVE.com - Pittsburgh's News Source by David Conti.  http://goo.gl/9nqhtA
"The tenacity he had to say it like that," Kunkle said. "He was adamant: 'If you like your health insurance, you can keep it, period.' That was a lie."
Always a good day when the Milky Ways and 3 Musketeers show up in the office. Both made in PA. #FTW
I have introduced a bill expressing congressional support for Israel against potential threats posed by Iran and Syria.
Wonderful to see the pride of Delaware County, the Boeing V-22 Osprey, assisting with humanitarian missions in the Philippines.
Pittsburgh Penguins CEO David Morehouse briefed me on plans to redevelop the old Civic Arena this afternoon.
Great meeting with David Morehouse, CEO of the Pittsburgh Penguins today.
"Do any of you today think that the site is secure?"  The answer from the experts...a unanimous "no." #Obamacare #trainwreck
The United States Department of Justice has dropped an injunction that would have trapped needy kids in failing schools because of the color of their skin.
Tonight, National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA, will launch nanosatellites - or cubesats - built by students at Drexel University. Very impressive.
"This is it. I'm not getting insurance," Sanford told CNN. "That's where it stands right now unless they fix it."
It was a humbling experience to speak on the 150th anniversary of the #Gettysburg Address. How blessed are we as a nation to have been given a leader like Lincoln.
With Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr., before we spoke at this morning's Gettysburg Address commemoration ceremony.
Great to see Justice Antonin Scalia at the dedication ceremony for the 150th anniversary of Lincoln's Gettysburg address.
Dedication of Lincoln’s Gettysburg address is live streaming at 10 a.m. Hope you can take a few minutes to watch.
En route to Gettysburg National Military Park for the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln's address.
It is always an honor to meet Pennsylvania's veterans.
Great visit with Blair County veterans at the VFW in Duncansville last Friday. I'm grateful to have received the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve award for efforts to help them get good-paying jobs after they leave the service.
Attention Philly vets and families: the Battleship New Jersey Museum and Memorial is hosting a Thanksgiving Day meal for homeless vets, just over the bridge.
This past weekend, my Constituent Service Advocate, Imani Johnson, attended a meeting at Cheyney University of Pennsylvania with Professor Mathilde Mukantabana, Ambassador for Rwanda to the United States.
CBS: #Obamacare "failures could lead to identity theft among [those] buying insurance." Please be advised.
Terrific win for Penn State Football today!  Great to see Adam Breneman score his first TD in a Penn State uniform.  #WeAre
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly update. For inbox delivery, see http://ow.ly/qSbjv. Thank you for reading!
Even at rolled back levels, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency fuel standards hike food costs and harm our environment. We need to repeal the #RFS.
Penn State was ranked No. 1 in “Best National Universities for Veterans” by U.S. News and World Report... http://news.psu.edu/story/294803/2013/11/11/academics/us-news-and-world-report-names-penn-state-top-national-university
Toured Restek Corporation this morning in Bellefonte in Centre County. Restek is a leading developer and manufacturer of products that help monitor the quality of air, water, soil, foods, pharmaceuticals, chemical, and petroleum products. Thanks for having me.
Congrats to Pittsburgh Pirates center fielder Andrew Mccutchen for winning the 2013 NL MVP Award!
The President’s announcement is, at best, a temporary fix to postpone this disaster until after the next election.
Here is my statement on the President's announcement today.  “The President’s announcement is, at best, a temporary fix to postpone this disaster until after the next election.  This is little comfort to the millions of Americans who will now lose their insurance coverage next year.   “Moreover, ObamaCare forced insurers to wipe out many popular plans.  It remains unclear whether this temporary measure will result in these plans being recreated.”
I will be questioning Federal Reserve Chair nominee Janet Yellen in the Senate Banking Committee soon.
It was great to meet with Mark Neidig, executive director of the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation in Erie. Mark updated me on the success of the GenV machine, which killed 100 percent of liver cancer in pigs, without side-effects. The next step is to submit findings to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. It is an amazing story of innovation and hope and I am anxious to hear about the results of the clinical trials.
My statement on the #Obamacare enrollment numbers:   Today’s enrollment numbers are further evidence that the President’s health care law is a train wreck in the making. Even more troubling are the millions who are losing health coverage they like because the President deemed those plans inadequate and failed to make good on his promise that ‘if you like your plan, you can keep it.’ To make matters worse, these newly uninsured – including many Pennsylvanians – are not able to obtain new coverage online because the #Obamacare website is not functioning adequately.    The faulty website is only the tip of the iceberg. It’s not technical glitches that will doom this system, it is the fact that the President’s health care law forces people to buy overpriced health plans they don’t want, hikes taxes, and puts important, personal health care decisions in the hands of politicians and bureaucrats instead of patients and their doctors. The whole law is unworkable.
Asking Prime Minister  Benjamin Netanyahu - בנימין נתניהו to keep Philly's Israeli consulate open. This will keep strong ties between our two nations.
Beginning in 2014, Pennsylvania will begin offering to veterans a voluntary designation on their driver’s license or identification card.    This designation may make it easier for veterans to receive benefits and discounts they have earned due to their service.  http://goo.gl/KdGyEg
This afternoon, I met with Federal Reserve Vice-Chair Janet Yellen to discuss her nomination to be Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. I am grateful to have had a frank and candid discussion with Ms. Yellen about monetary policy and the regulatory approach the Fed is pursuing for financial services. I look forward to participating in a confirmation process to consider her qualifications to be the chairman of the Federal Reserve.
Former President Bill Clinton: "the president should honor the commitment" and let people keep their health care plans. I agree.
Honored to be at Media's 54th Annual #VeteransDay Parade this weekend. Thanks to Mayor Bob McMahon for working with me to help our vets.
Great celebration honoring the bravery and sacrifice of our veterans today in Media.
Honored to attend the 54th annual Delaware County Veterans Day Parade today in Media.  Thank you to all of our veterans for your service.
Thank you to our military -- active duty and vets!
Great turnout for today's Walk to End Alzheimer's in Philly.
Honored to speak at at today's Walk to End Alzheimer's in Philly.  Over 10,000 strong!
Look who Duncan ran in to this morning!
Great to be in South Philly this morning to help end Alzheimer's!
Nov. 10, 1775: the 2nd Continental Congress in Philadelphia establishes two battalions of Continental Marines. Happy 238th birthday to the  United States Marine Corps. The few. The proud.
Great meeting Gail Roddie-Hamlin of the Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter yesterday.  The Greater PA Chapter provides vital Alzheimer's services and support in 59 Pennsylvania counties.
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly e-update. Prefer inbox delivery? Sign up at http://ow.ly/qDL9l. Thanks for reading!
Kris, the kids, and I are going to participate in the 2013 Walk to End Alzheimer’s in Philly on Sunday at 10:30 am at Citizen’s Bank Park near the 3rd Base Gate.  Expecting about 10,000 people to join us! Hope you can too.
It is always an honor to greet and thank our veterans. I was glad to talk with several of our service members today during my visit to Carson Long Military Academy. On behalf of our grateful commonwealth, thank you.
Thanks to the Carson Long cadets who welcomed me to the school today.
This morning, I visited Carson Long in Perry County, the nation's oldest boarding school with military training, to meet with cadets and veterans.
"...To care for him who shall have borne the battle..." Bringing new legislation to help our #vets as they transition from serving in the armed forces.
As my friend State Senator Anthony Hardy Williams says, "Some things are beyond partisan divides." It is time to protect our kids. I cannot believe this is not already law.
Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I support Easton's Ed Smith and Philly's Gerald McHugh as judicial nominees for PA's Eastern District.
Attn PA firefighters: the Department of Homeland Security / FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency is now accepting applications for Assistance To Firefighters Grants (AFG). The deadline is Dec. 6.
I have long believed that more legal protections are appropriate to prevent employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.  I also believe we need to strike a reasonable balance between protecting workers and protecting religious freedom.  My amendment, which received bipartisan support, was a good-faith effort to modestly strengthen the bill’s protections for faith-based organizations whether they are a Catholic hospital or a Methodist elementary school.    While my amendment was not accepted, I voted for final passage to help move the legislative process forward.  I hope that -- should the House consider this bill -- it will move to improve and strengthen this measure so we can both advance equality in the workplace and protect religious liberty.
In case you missed it: Last night, Sean Hannity, United States Senator Mike Lee, and I reviewed my questioning of HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. Spoiler: she had no answers.
Tonight at 10 p.m., Sean Hannity and I will discuss #Obamacare and my questioning of Secretary Kathleen Sebelius at today's Senate Finance Committee hearing. Hope you can tune in!
At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing this afternoon, I was happy to speak on behalf of two outstanding nominees for Pennsylvania's Eastern District: Judge Edward Smith of Easton and Mr. Gerald McHugh of Philadelphia. I am proud to work with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to recommend experienced individuals of unquestioned honesty and integrity for nomination to the federal bench. I thank the Judiciary Committee for holding the hearing and I hope they report the nominations favorably.
What an honor to meet Justice Sandra Day O'Connor at today's confirmation hearing in the Senate!
At a Senate Finance Committee hearing today, I questioned Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about the roll out of #Obamacare. I pressed the Secretary about the alarming number of Pennsylvanians that have been notified they are losing their health coverage and asked what changes she could recommend to help those who have lost coverage and cannot access the website.
Good to talk to Steve Doocy on Fox and Friends about what I want to ask Secretary Sebelius at a Finance Committee hearing in a few minutes. http://video.foxnews.com/v/2810953040001/secretary-sebelius-back-in-hot-seat/?playlist_id=930909787001
I'll be on Good Day Philadelphia at 7:30 with Sheinelle Jones and Mike Jerrick to preview my hearing wtih Sec. Sebelius on #Obamacare today.
Good morning PA. I'll be on Fox & Friends at about 6:40 to talk #Obamacare and my hearing with HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius today. Hope you can tune in.
Yesterday, I met with Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Chairman Ron Alvarado to discuss economic opportunities for the Hispanic population in southwestern Pennsylvania.
 
  From his impressive private sector background and experience, Ron has great insights on how we can move our economy forward for everyone in southwest Pennsylvania. Thanks for taking the time.
My thanks to Abba, the Therapy Dog and to the staff at  Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center and Rehabilitation Hospital for showing my press secretary, Steve Kelly, around your great facility.
I have long believed that more legal protections are appropriate to prevent employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.  That is why I supported a provision in the Allentown charter barring the city government from discriminating against persons on the basis of their sexual orientation some 17 years ago, in 1996.  More recently, it’s also why I supported allowing gay, lesbian, and bisexual persons to serve openly in the military.   So I believe the Employment Non-Discrimination Act contains very important provisions.  However, I also believe it should be improved, especially as it pertains to religious organizations.  We must strive to reach the appropriate balance between protecting workers and protecting religious freedom. I voted to move forward with debate on ENDA with the hope that the Senate will take up amendments – including one that I plan to offer – to address this important aspect of the proposed law.
From The Wall Street Journal: You Also Can't Keep Your Doctor.
In case you missed it, my op-ed on the very inspiring Jeanne Cerce of Latrobe, Pa.
November is National Alzheimer's Awareness Month. An estimated 400,000 Pennsylvanians suffer from this illness or a related disorder. Let's work together and #ENDALZ.
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly e-update. Prefer inbox delivery? Sign up at http://ow.ly/qpqS9. Thanks for reading!
Sending thoughts of sympathy and support to those hurt in the LAX shooting. Grateful to our 1st responders for their dedication. Stay safe.
Bucks County resident: "I received a statement from my health insurance carrier...my current premium of $435 per month will be increasing to $1,305."
Glad that my press secretary, Steve Kelly, and staff from Rep. Patty Kim's office could put together a tour of the Pennsylvania State Capital for a local youth outreach group.
"My current health care coverage has been cancelled effective 12/31/2013." - Lebanon County, Pa. resident #Obamacare
Congrats to Freshpet Kitchens, which cut the ribbon on its new $26 million facility in Hanover Township, Northampton County. The 125 people at this plant work to distribute food and other products for cats and dogs to 11,000 stores nationwide. Glad my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, could be there on the big day.
Great to be with Ashley Palutis Fox43 on WPMT FOX43 this morning to talk about the need to end government by crisis and yesterday’s budget meeting.  http://goo.gl/a7w4Hy
Welcome Senator Cory Booker. Looking forward to working with you.
Good morning.  For those of you in the mid-state, I will be joining the FOX 43 morning news at 7:15 to discuss yesterday's budget conferee meeting.
Constituent from Monroe County:  Both my husband and I are having our health care plans cancelled on January 1.  At this point, my husband’s new plan has not been finalized.  My new plan has a premium that doubles what I paid last year and my deductible is jumping from $1,500 to $6,000 annually.
Wow.  That’s a lot of Pinocchios.  If you like your health care you can keep it, not exactly.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2013/10/30/obamas-pledge-that-no-one-will-take-away-your-health-plan/
Good morning!  I will be joining Morning Joe today at 7:20 to discuss the upcoming budget conference.  Hope you can tune in.
Congrats to Carlisle's  United States Army Heritage and Education Center (USAHEC), the 1st #Army museum to become a Smithsonian Institution Affiliate. A VERY select group.
NA
At Buckmans.com, a family-owned and operated ski shop in southeast PA and the Lehigh Valley, employee healthcare costs will rise by an avg $2,000 due to #Obamacare.
“But millions of Americans are getting or are about to get cancellation letters for their health insurance under #Obamacare, say experts, and the Obama administration has known that for at least three years.”
Today, my Regional Manager for Southwest PA, Katelyn King participated in a veterans outreach event hosted by Rep. Dan Miller. 
 
 My thanks to everyone for their efforts in putting on this great event.
This Saturday in Springfield, Pa.,  Honor Flight Philadelphia will welcome back WWII veterans from a "tour of honor" in Washington, D.C. If you are in the Springfield area, I encourage you to show your support for them when they return. Details below:
"I feel like we’re sort of back in the era of control-alt-delete where we’re trying to figure out the different tricks that facilitate people’s enrollment."
Today is the 99th birthday of Dr. Jonas Salk (1914-1995). A New York native, Dr. Salk developed the first successful polio vaccine at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. Human testing of the "Pitt vaccine" began at the Watson Home for Crippled Children in the suburbs of Pittsburgh in 1954. Within the first three years of widespread use (1955-1958), the vaccine would reduce the prevalence of polio in the US by 85-90%.
My thanks to Senator Gene Yaw and the North Shore Railroad for hosting my Press Secretary Steve Kelly and other local officials on a tour of the railways of Lycoming County yesterday.
Fifth graders from Our Lady of Peace school in Lackawanna County also attended the naturalization ceremony today. They were there to learn more about citizenship and our government.
Today at Scranton's federal courthouse, 47 brand-new Americans from 28 different countries took the oath of citizenship. As the grandson of Irish and Portuguese immigrants, I was proud to witness this naturalization ceremony and say a few words.  
 
 Judge Malachy Mannion presided over the ceremony. In 2011, Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I recommended Judge Mannion to the President to fill a federal district court vacancy in Scranton. It was great to see Judge Mannion on the bench and serving the public.
“The fact that Attorney General Holder would block any child from obtaining a good education is bad enough,” Toomey said Thursday. “The fact that he is doing so based solely on the children's race is inexcusable.”
Chester County resident: "Because of #ObamaCare, our monthly rate has quadrupled...We cannot afford this...I don't know what we're going to do."
Why is Attorney General Eric Holder suing to trap 570 needy children in failing public schools based solely on their skin color?
Talking with RJ Harris on WHP 580t 8:10 to give an update on Washington. You can tune in and listen live here:
Sad to see such a storied ship sold for scrap. Sen. John McCain served on USS Forrestal. She was decommissioned in 1993 in #Philly.
Bucks County resident: "My healthcare [costs] will triple...The president promised 'you can keep your plan.' I can... I just can't afford it."
Congratulations to Pittsburgh Pirates skipper Clint Hurdle for being named "Manager of the Year" and to Francisco Liriano for being named "Comeback Player of the Year" by the Sporting News.  http://goo.gl/BLmA7N  #BUCN
In 2012's bipartisan JOBS Act, Congress came together to help new businesses. The Securities and Exchange Commission still isn't following that law.
ATTN Philly-area vets: just across the bridge in Camden, the Battleship New Jersey Museum and Memorial will host the 2nd Annual Thanksgiving Day Meal for Homeless Veterans and Active Military Personnel on Nov. 28. Details below:  WHEN: Thurs. Nov. 28 (Thanksgiving Day)  TIME: 10:45 a.m. - 1 p.m.  WHERE: 62 Battleship Place, Camden Waterfront, NJ 08103  DETAILS: The Battleship New Jersey, in partnership with Camden County Veterans Affairs and the Camden County Board of Chosen Freeholders, will offer homeless  veterans and active military personnel from Joint Base Fort Dix, New Jersey and Dover Air Force Base, Delaware a full-course turkey dinner on Thanksgiving. The meal will be served by volunteers in the Battleship’s crew’s mess (on-board cafeteria).    Residents can join us on the pier at 10:35 a.m. to welcome our heroes to the Battleship. Free parking is available in Lot #2, diagonal from the Susquehanna Bank Center, courtesy of the Camden Parking Authority.
“It was a perfect storm for an IT meltdown." If #ObamaCare can't even enroll people properly...
Terrific: Penn State-led team receives $10M from the National Science Foundation. The award program is the foundation's "single largest investment in computer science research."
From The Wall Street Journal: Government's flawed #sugar policy is sending jobs overseas. I'm working for sugar reform with Republicans and Democrats in D.C. to fix that.
For National Teen Driver Safety Week, let's set a "no distractions" example for them. Eyes on the road. Hands on the wheel. #TeenDriving2013
If #ObamaCare is raising your health care costs, please share your story. People need to know this law is harming their friends and family.
Yesterday, our national debt reached $17 trillion, which translates to nearly $54,000 per United States citizen.    Recent short-term funding bills have piled hundreds of billions of dollars of additional debt on current and future generations of Americans.    Long-term spending reforms are needed so that we can start putting our fiscal house in order.
Today, my Central Pennsylvania Field Representative Frank Mazza presented a certificate to Dr. Paul Reinert, Principal of Wycallis Elementary School in Dallas, PA which was recently recognized as a Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education.  Congratulations to the faculty and students of Wycallis Elementary School for this terrific achievement!
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, speaks with attendees at the 3rd Annual Senior Citizens' Expo in Forks Township.
"They're canceling my policy," he said. "That's not something that was supposed to happen under #Obamacare."
U.S. Senator Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) today voted against increasing America’s debt burden because the legislation does nothing whatsoever to address the overspending problem that has caused our debt to mount.  “The one major redeeming aspect of this bill is that it reopens the government,” said Senator Toomey.  “I disagreed with the plan to make funding the government contingent on defunding Obamacare and I am glad this bill will get the shutdown behind us.  But I cannot support piling hundreds of billions of dollars of debt on current and future generations of Americans without even a sliver of reform to start putting our fiscal house in order.”
Great win last night in Happy Valley for Penn State Football.  Congrats to Bill O'Brien and his team.  #WeAre Penn State
I am relieved that common sense has prevailed in at least one instance.  Survivor benefits will be delivered to the families of Sgt. Hawkins from Carlisle, Pa. and other heroes who have given their lives in the defense of our country.  It is a shame that Congress’s unwillingness to pass any funding bills added even one moment of worry in these families’ time of grief.
Moody’s – a top credit-rating agency – agrees with me that default is unlikely and Treasury can pay interest on the government’s debt even if the debt ceiling is not raised.  Let’s set aside the default scare tactics and start negotiating on how to stop the overspending and unsustainable red ink.  http://tinyurl.com/k4pldbq
Good discussion on Morning Joe about the debt ceiling. Let’s set aside the scare tactics about default, negotiate like we have in the past, and stop the overspending.  http://www.nbcnews.com/id/3036789/#53225429
On his 4th deployment to Afghanistan, Sgt Hawkins from Carlisle is killed.  Kris and I are heartsick. http://fox43.com/2013/10/08/army-ranger-from-carlisle-killed-in-afghanistan-sunday/#axzz2h96iij00
NA
NA
NA
Many thanks to the Capitol Police and other law enforcement officers who help keep Congress safe every day.
As long as furloughed federal employees are not getting paid during this shutdown, I will refuse my paycheck too.
Due to the government shutdown, my offices are currently operating on a restricted basis and with limited resources. Most constituent services have been suspended, and replies to correspondence will likely be delayed until the shutdown is over. If you have an emergency or need more immediate assistance, please call (610) 434-1444 or (202) 224-4254 during business hours.    Shutdown or not, serving the people of Pennsylvania is my top priority. Please be assured that I will continue working with my colleagues to find a sensible resolution to this situation.    Thank you for your patience and understanding.    Sincerely,   Pat Toomey U.S. Senator, Pennsylvania
I remain hopeful that Congress will avoid a government #shutdown. In the meantime, it is a great relief to our troops and the civilians who support them that they and their families will not suffer if Congress and the White House fail to come to an agreement on how to keep our government running. This bipartisan bill assures that our troops in harm's way, and the public servants who support them, will continue to receive their paychecks. I am pleased the Senate heeded my call and passed this vital legislation.  While this is good news, time is running out to find a responsible solution before a government #shutdown. This afternoon, I voted in support of legislation that would have kept the government running after midnight, delayed the president’s health care law, and repealed the job-killing medical device tax. On a party-line vote, Senator Harry Reid rejected this compromise offer and voted to shut down the government instead.  While I am disappointed by this vote, I will continue working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both chambers of Congress to find common ground and end this standoff.
A must-read Alzheimer's Association- Greater PA Chapter op-ed from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: "Alzheimer's is no joke." I agree. It's time to get "desperate" and #ENDALZ.
NA
On Gold Star Mother's Day, we honor the sacrifice and strength of mothers who have lost a son or daughter in combat.
Congratulations to Judge Jeffrey Schmehl, who was formally sworn in yesterday in Reading as Pennsylvania's newest U.S. District Judge. http://goo.gl/HtUpRu   I am proud of the bipartisan work Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I have done to confirm highly qualified men and women to district courts in Pennsylvania.
I hope Congress can avoid a shutdown. Just in case, I'm working to protect paychecks for our troops in the event of more deadlock.
All my Republican colleagues and I want to end #Obamacare completely. All the Democrats support #Obamacare and want it to continue. The Republicans control the House and have passed defunding legislation.  Democrats control the Senate and will not pass defunding legislation. Thus, we are at an impasse.    Yesterday, seeking to break this all-or-nothing standoff, I proposed a way to fund the government and to repeal some of the most egregious parts of this terrible law.  Acknowledging that Senator Reid has the votes to strip the bill of its #Obamacare defunding language, I sought to offer three modest amendments to the Senate bill. The first would repeal the medical devices tax that is costing Pennsylvania jobs; the second would provide relief from the infringement on religious liberty in Obamacare; the third would delay the individual mandate for one year.  Those three items all have bipartisan support, could have passed the Senate, and might well be acceptable to the House. But we will never know because the Democratic leadership would not permit me to offer those amendments. For this reason, and others, I voted against the measure.  I remain hopeful that Congress will avoid a government shutdown.  I will continue working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both chambers of Congress to find a responsible solution.
In case you missed it, WILK Newsradio's Sue Henry and I discussed #Obamacare, the continuing resolution, and why I'm voting no on cloture:
Good morning.  Check out this interesting piece featured on LancasterOnline.com which details how Lancaster served as our nation's capital for one day on September 27, 1777.  http://goo.gl/qU41bD
I will be voting no on cloture.
News flash: The State Department reveals that the State Department's investigation of Benghazi was not biased. http://tinyurl.com/mse6oce
Kris and I are heartbroken to hear about the passing of Staff Sgt. Liam Nevins, who attended high school in Chester County.  Staff Sgt. Nevins and two other soldiers were killed defending our nation this past weekend in Afghanistan.  Our condolences go out to the families of all three of these heroes.  http://goo.gl/9VuPcE
From the start, my goal has been, and continues to be, to completely repeal the President’s health care law as soon as possible. #Obamacare hurts our economy, shrinks paychecks, and moves our health care system in the wrong direction. It is simply not fixable.    With President Obama in the White House and the Democratic party controlling the Senate, full repeal, unfortunately, cannot be achieved now.  However, I believe that, right now, we can delay and dismantle some of the most egregious flaws in this law – flaws which have been acknowledged by lawmakers in both parties. I, therefore, intend to offer reasonable amendments that would help achieve this objective, including for instance, a measure to repeal the health care law’s medical device tax which drives up costs for patients and threatens Pennsylvania jobs.  If Majority Leader Reid insists on granting himself the power to gut the House-passed bill with 51 votes, while preventing me and other Senators from even offering amendments with broad bipartisan support, I will vote against cloture on the bill.
Great news for southwest Pennsylvania: PPG Industries will add 300 jobs in Butler & Allegheny Counties and build on their 130-year history in our commonwealth:
21 years in the making!  Congratulations to the Pittsburgh Pirates, who clinched a spot in the MLB playoffs last night.  #BUCTOBER #BUCNATION
Icymi: Here's my conversation with Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski on Morning Joe today. We discussed #Obamacare, the debt limit, and more:
In case you missed it, Brian Kilmeade and I discussed #Obamacare on Fox & Friends this morning.
My heart goes out to those suffering from these despicable terror attacks in Nairobi, Kenya. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers.
Great talking with Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade after Fox & Friends this morning. Thanks for having me!
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly newsletter update on #Obamacare, the #RFS, and more. If you'd prefer inbox delivery, you can sign up here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=newsletter
My statement on the House CR: While it's not perfect, I support the House continuing resolution and look forward to the Senate debating this important legislation next week. I also hope the Senate will have an open debate that allows both sides to offer possible improvements – for instance, reducing spending levels so they are consistent with the bipartisan Budget Control Act’s limits.   I am pleased that the House measure defunds ObamaCare, includes my Full Faith and Credit Act to take the default option off the table if the debt ceiling is not raised, and avoids a government shutdown on Oct. 1.
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, the "Missing Man Table" is set for four... #NeverForget
Heroes gather in Gettysburg #MOH:
On the Senate floor, I made the case to repeal the Renewable Fuel Standard, a law that drives up the cost of gasoline and groceries, and harms the environment and the economy. The RFS requires fuel suppliers to blend millions of gallons of biofuels – most often corn ethanol – into our gasoline supplies. It drives up gas prices, increases food costs, damages car engines, harms our environment, and hurts job creation. This is the government using corporate welfare to shower favors on a privileged industry and then send the bill to the general public.
Heading down to the Senate floor to talk about wasteful ethanol subsidies. Congress needs to fight this corporate welfare which is destroying PA jobs.
Speaking to the  National Confectioners Association tonight about government sugar purchases. The U.S. Department of Agriculture bought approx. 1 billion lbs of it in 2013. This is major corporate welfare. America needs #sugarreform.
I am very disappointed that Senate Democrats just blocked my resolution with Senator Ted Cruz to get answers for the families of those killed in #Benghazi. We need a joint select committee now.
Happy 66th birthday to the United States Air Force. Aim high. Fly-Flight-Win!
Bucks County's Sesame Place theme park will be forced to cut hours for 1,300+ seasonal employees. #Obamacare?
September is World Alzheimer's Awareness month. In Pennsylvania, as many as 400,000 are likely afflicted. Let's end the stigma. #ENDALZ
Courtesy of Philly's National Constitution Center, here's a great little quiz to help you learn about some legendary historical figures – our founders. Enjoy and Happy Constitution Day! Post your results in the comments.
Onerous #ObamaCare mandates force employers to slash hours for workers and limit full-time job opportunities. I urge repeal:
September 17, 1862: The Battle of Antietam, the bloodiest single day in American history. Five days later, President Lincoln issues the Emancipation Proclamation.
Today is Constitution Day.   Our founders were brilliant to craft our system of limited government.  http://founders.archives.gov/
Washington Post ran a very interesting article on President Lincoln's train trip to Gettysburg and the drafting of his famous address. I'm working with Rep. Scott Perry and Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. to preserve the historic rail station.
Interior Secretary Sally Jewell visited Somerset County last week to see firsthand Flight 93's memorial site. I hope she will visit Pennsylvania again soon to see our beautiful national parks.
Prayers needed: for the safe evacuation of those still in the Navy Yards in DC, and for the first responders.
Important piece by Robert Moran in today's Philadelphia Inquirer that details the heroism of Medal of Honor winner and Philadelphia native, Michael J. Crescenz.  http://goo.gl/HQjxim
Thanks to Estamos Unidos de Pennsylvania who invited my press secretary, Steve Kelly to join them during this morning's American Diabetes Association Step Out: Walk to Stop Diabetes in Harrisburg.
Congratulations are in order for Chester County native Jim Furyk who tied the PGA TOUR scoring record today. http://goo.gl/Hml5GV
Great conversation with Bayer USA employees in Pittsburgh today.
Tzom Kal to all in Pennsylvania observing Yom Kippur.
My press secretary, Steve Kelly, toured United Water of Pennsylvania's Hummelstown Water Treatment Plant yesterday. Thanks to Assistant Production Superintendent Mark Baker for showing him around the facility.
September is World Alzheimer's Awareness Month. Let's end the stigma and this tragic disease. #ENDALZ
Today in history: The valiant defenders of Fort McHenry repel the British in a key battle of the War of 1812. Inspired, Francis Scott Key writes "The Star-Spangled Banner." #America
On Tuesday, Kris and the kids attended the memorial commemoration for Flight 93 in Somerset County. She visited with Captain Thomas Dearborn, the CO of the USS Somerset. The ship, named in honor of the heroes of Flight 93, will be commissioned in Philadelphia on March 1, 2014.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, greets senior citizens at today's Senior Citizens Expo presented by State Senator John Yudichak, Senator David G. Argall and PA State Rep. Doyle Heffley. Several hundred residents visited the expo in Jim Thorpe, Carbon County today.
My Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, and Tom Squashic, plant manager of Jennmar in Cresson, Pa. Jennmar manufactures bolts, channels, and resins to help ensure safer conditions in coal mines. They employ 200 people at their Cresson plant. They're also concerned about the future of their business amidst President Obama’s War on Coal.
Here's my GoErie.com | Erie Times-News op-ed on the critical role the Battle of Lake Erie played in the War of 1812 - and the lessons it still holds for us today:
War on Coal update: EPA estimates that this rule would increase the cost of electricity from coal-fired power plants by as much as 80 percent. This would hurt thousands of Pennsylvanians involved in the mining industry, seriously harm our business climate, and raise our household utility costs.    http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323864604579069550916021262.html?mod=WSJ_hp_LEFTWhatsNewsCollection
I have joined Senator Ted Cruz in calling for a joint select committee to investigate Benghazi. The families of those who died on 9/11/12 deserve answers.
We remember.
I've just introduced an amendment to repeal the Renewable Fuel Standard.
My Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, is working to keep alive the memory of #Flight93 heroes in the USS Somerset (LPD 25).
Proud of my wife, Kris, and her work on behalf of #Flight93 families. Bridget, Patrick and Duncan were also on hand to help mark the memorial.
Army musicians performed several songs for the 9/11 memorial ceremony, including “Amazing Grace” and “God Bless America.”
With Representative Mike Kelly on the Capitol Steps for the 9/11 memorial ceremony.
Twelve years ago today, as a member of Congress, I was on the Capitol Steps and joined colleagues in a sign of bipartisan unity singing “God Bless America.” I was honored to do the same again today.
A year ago, Ambassador Stevens, Tyrone Woods, Glen Doherty, and Sean Smith were killed in Benghazi, Libya. It’s a shame that no one has been brought to justice for this attack. More investigation and answers are still needed.
Kris Toomey: Sometimes it is forgotten, that 40 people had a choice. They chose to fight back, take the plane down.  #flight93 #shanksville
Remembering our nation's loss, let's be grateful for all we have, proud of who we are, and certain of our future together. #Honor911 #NeverForget
Had a terrific tele-townhall conversation with Pennsylvania's NFIB members today. You can listen to our conversation here. Thanks for having me.
Good news: The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and Paralyzed Veterans of America have announced the 2014 National Veterans Wheelchair Games will be held in Philadelphia.
My wife, Kris, has been doing wonderful work on behalf of #Flight93 families. Here's her interview on Allentown's NewsTalk WAEB AM 790.
NA
For those of you in the Doylestown area, the Travis Manion Foundation will host the 6th annual 9/11 Heroes Run this Sunday.
NA
From the Los Angeles Times: Cashing in on Uncle Sam's sweet tooth. It's time to end the government's wasteful #sugar program that hikes food costs for families.
The streak is over.  Congratulations to the Pittsburgh Pirates on their 82nd win last night.  Looking forward to the Bucco's playoff run!  #BUCN
Big win for the Philadelphia Eagles tonight.  Congrats to Chip Kelly on a successful debut.  Looking forward to the home opener this coming Sunday at Lincoln Financial Field against the Chargers.
Unbelievable first half by the new look Philadelphia Eagles. Keep the pedal to the metal and finish strong. #BirdGang
I just learned the Commissioning of the USS Somerset (LPD 25) is set for March 1st at Penn's Landing in Philly.
NA
I sat down with NBC10 Philadelphia's Steve Highsmith, host of NBC10's @Issue, to share my concerns on Syria, ObamaCare and budgetary issues. The interview will run Sunday at 11:30 a.m. I hope you'll tune in.
My condolences to the friends and family of State Rep. Dick Hess who passed away this morning.
Happy Friday, Pa. Going on with Sunbury Newsradio 1070 WKOK's  Mark Lawrence in just a few. Hope you can tune in:
Big thanks to Philadelphia Gas Works for showing my southeastern Pennsylvania director, Mitch Vidovich, around their Center City operation yesterday.
It was my pleasure to present a copy of the resolution I introduced in the Senate commemorating the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Lake Erie. "Don't give up the ship!"
To everyone in Pennsylvania celebrating Rosh Hashanah, L’Shanah Tovah.
Great to visit the Rotary Club of York today. Their devotion to the motto "Service Above Self" is plain to see in the many good works their members perform. Thanks for having me and for the difference you make for York's community.
Thanks to Karen Shuey at LancasterOnline.com for grabbing coffee with me this morning at the Prospect Diner in Columbia, Lancaster County.
Going on with TalkRadio WPHT Philly's Dom Giordano in just a few. Tune in to listen live here:
With WFMZ Allentown's Tony Iannelli, host of "Business Matters," at the Greater Lehigh Valley Chamber of Commerce. Thanks to everyone who came out to participate in the conversation.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, participated in the official ceremony for the City of Lebanon, Pennsylvania's 10th Street Bridge. This opened the new bridge over Norfolk Southern railroad tracks, connecting the city’s north and south sides. The bridge project has been in the works for nearly 20 years.  About 300 attended the ceremony, hosted by Lebanon Mayor Sherry Capello (holding scissors in photo).
Congratulations to the Reading Buccaneers Drum & Bugle Corps on their wins at the DCA World Championships this weekend!
Know an outstanding high school student interested in public service? The U.S. Senate Youth Program selection process has now begun. Two Pennsylvania students will join 102 other delegates March 8—15, 2014 for the program’s 52nd annual Washington Week – and receive a $5,000 college scholarship. See below for details and good luck!
Speaking with Bradford County business leaders and job creators.
Colin Deppen of The Bradford Era and I met for coffee at The Courtyard Restaurant in Smethport. Thanks for a great conversation, Colin.
Great visit to Clearfield and Jefferson Counties yesterday. Catch some of the highlights here:
Peaceful scene here at Allegheny National Forest. My thanks to Erin Connelly, forest supervisor, for sharing with me the issues facing this national treasure. Thanks also to State Senator Scott E. Hutchinson and State Rep. Kathy Rapp for being with us, too.
At my town hall in DuBois in Clearfield County.
NA
Great to chat with some Clarion University Volleyball players here in the Eagle common dining hall. We spoke just after my lunch with Clarion University of Pennsylvania president Karen Whitney.
Regarding Syria: It appears to be an established fact that Assad has used chemical weapons repeatedly in an indiscriminate slaughter of his own civilians. These weapons and his behavior pose a national security risk to the U.S. This calls for an American response, being mindful to avoid a long-term military engagement in the Syrian civil war.  The President must explain to Congress and the American people the objectives and risks of any action.
Thanks to Captain Rick Iuliucci and his team at Vane Brothers for showing my Southeast Director Mitch Vidovich around their Delaware River operation on Monday and for talking with him about the issues affecting the maritime community in Philadelphia. I have been a big proponent of the Delaware River dredging project which will make our region more competitive internationally.
50 years ago today, thousands converged on DC.  It was the largest demonstration at the time.  Today, it is remembered as the most effective.   It’s worth watching Dr. King’s speech in its entirety.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UV1fs8lAbg
This morning, with business owners and job creators in Venango County. Great to be in northwestern PA again.
I agree.  http://www.lehighvalleylive.com/opinion/index.ssf/2013/08/editorial_congress_needs_to_fi.html
At Sullivan County's Eagles Mere Air Museum. George Jenkins kindly took time to show me the country's largest collection of still-operational aircraft manufactured between WWI and WWII.
Kicking off another town hall, this time in Sullivan County. Crisscrossing Pa. this summer, I've heard from so many who want to see our economy grow by creating jobs, rolling back excessive regulations, and putting our nation on a sustainable fiscal path. Thanks to everyone who joined in today's conversation.
At my town hall in Sullivan County this afternoon, I was honored to have Richard Holcombe, a WW II veteran, lead us in the pledge of allegiance. Thank you, Richard. And our sincere thanks to all those from "the Greatest Generation" who served at home and abroad in World War II.
My regional manager, James Fitzpatrick, here with "Gus," a golden lab puppy being trained as a working dog to assist first responders. Thanks to Dr. Cindy Otto and her team at Philly's Penn Vet Working Dog Centerfor their terrific work.
Glad my regional manager for southeast Pennsylvania, James Fitzpatrick, could host students from Drexel University College of Medicine.
With Rep. Glenn Thompson at Lock Haven University for a jobs forum with the Clinton County Economic Partnership.
Coffee with Chris Brady, editor of the The Standard Journal Newspaper in Milton, Pa.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended the ribbon cutting for Dunkelberger's Sports Outfitter's new store, their second location in Monroe County. This store brings the small business’s total employment to 58 people. With her are Harry Forbes, Governor’s Action Team;  PA State Rep. Rosemary Brown; Jere Dunkleberger, store owner; and Bob Phillips, President of the Greater Pocono Chamber of Commerce.
Some terrific news: Sarah Murnaghan will leave the hospital this week. Thank you to everyone at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia who helped care for her and to everyone who kept her in your prayers.
Waiting to speak with some business stakeholders in Union County.
Pennsylvania Fact of the Week: Following his graduation from Morehouse College in 1948, Martin Luther King, Jr. left Georgia and enrolled in the multi-denominational Crozer Theological Seminary in Delaware County. He would go on to graduate as class valedictorian with a bachelor of divinity degree in 1951 at the age of 23.
Kicking off my first town hall in Danville.
Enjoying the air show today at LVI Airport with my son Patrick!  #LVAirshow
Today, my Central PA Field Rep, Frank Mazza joined Congressman Bill Shuster and other elected officials for a tour of Halteman Farm in Franklin County.
Here's my town hall schedule for next week. Looking forward to hearing from you, Pennsylvania.
My constituent advocate for Pittsburgh, Shawn Conway, attends the ceremony for a very important historical marker - the birthplace of the banana split. Yes, America, Pennsylvania is responsible for this tasty treat. You're welcome.
Glad my southeast PA regional manager, James Fitzpatrick, could meet with the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association.
Good morning Pennsylvania. I'm on with WILK's Sue Henry at 9:30. Tune in and listen live here:
Jumping on WISR 680 AM in a few with Dave Malarkey. We'll talk coal, energy & ObamaCare. Hope you'll tune in.
Going on 90.5 WESA Essential Pittsburgh in just a few. Hope you can listen in!
Terrific news from the United States Army: BAE Systems, Inc. in York County has been awarded a nearly $150 million contract for 49 HERCULES recovery vehicles. The Army has made a wise decision, and BAE employees in York County will not let them down. I have seen firsthand that the workforce is committed to providing the very best equipment to our service members.
NA
At Lasko Products in West Chester with Marc Stevenson, plant manager and a 35 year employee. Great to tour the site and discuss Miscellaneous Tarriff Bill reform, which will bring more jobs to Southeast PA.
During my visit to CBS Philly, I was able to have a conversation with the one and only Pat Ciarrocchi. Thanks for having me.
Congratulations Exton on winning the 2013 Google eCity Award for PA. The eCity Award recognizes the strongest online business community in each state. Exton is the 2013 digital capital of Pennsylvania!
At the Trainer refinery in Marcus Hook this morning, Delco Council members and Congressman Patrick Meehan and I listened to employee concerns about government's ridiculous ethanol mandates. I've introduced a bipartisan bill to repeal requirements that direct more corn in our gas tanks at the expense of the hardworking men and women of Pennsylvania.
Thanks to Monroe Energy for hosting me for a tour of the Trainer refinery today. I had a great town hall with the local employees and heard them loud and clear - ethanol mandates have got to go.
If you're in the Coatesville area, please consider sharing with a returned veteran the below information on the Coatesville VA Medical Center's Welcome Home Celebration. Thanks for spreading the word. 
Great to tour Xenolite in Norristown with Congressman Jim Gerlach this morning. Xenolite's lightweight x-ray protection products are sold in over 24 countries around the world. A great example of PA manufacturing. Thanks for having us!
The situation with Egypt is disturbing.  We are now seeing a low-grade civil war between the military and the Islamists.    Earlier this year, the Senate voted to table an amendment cutting off aid to Egypt, thereby postponing its consideration. I supported this tabling motion as I did not want the United States Senate to be perceived as taking sides.  The Egyptian military crossed the line last week.  We should stop giving foreign aid to Egypt and its military unless the country moves toward an inclusive democratic system. American taxpayers should not contribute to a military that slaughters civilians in the street.
The latest revelations about privacy violations by the NSA raise important questions and warrant a congressional hearing. Clearly, mistakes were made and further steps are likely needed to make sure they do not happen again.   It is also unfortunate that this important information was revealed by a government contractor via the press, and not provided to Congress by the Administration in a straightforward manner.    While it does not initially appear that these violations by the NSA were intentional, Congress must redouble its oversight efforts to better protect the privacy of those we represent while also maintaining intelligence operations that are critical to national security.
Good read from Salena Zito at Pittsburgh Tribune-Review on how Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I are working together on the Senate Finance Committee:
Here’s my Delaware County Daily Times op-ed on why the renewable fuel standard hurts SEPA refineries, jobs AND our environment. I’m working with Republicans and Democrats in the Senate to repeal this prime example of corporate welfare.  http://ow.ly/o3Bcc
Happy Friday! My weekly update is now available. Thanks for reading and have a great weekend.
Thank you Risa Vetri Ferman and Montgomery County District Attorney staff for locking up the man who supplied the gun that took Officer Brad Fox's life.
Great to spend some time with Kris and the kids at our family reunion outside San Diego.
Please share: American Red Cross and FOP Lodge 5 are holding a blood drive for Officer Edward Davies at Temple University Hospital from 8-5 today & tomorrow.
Please keep Officer Edward Davies, 41, a 25th district officer, and 6-year veteran of the force, in your thoughts and prayers. Officer Davies was shot Tuesday and is in critical condition. We need to remember each day the risk that our law enforcement officials take to protect our families.
Williamsport, PA is proud to host the 2013 Little League Baseball & Softball World Series! Meet the players here:
Great news: Crowley Maritime Corporation has reached an agreement with the Aker Philadelphia Shipyard to build up to 8 new tankers in Philly.
West Goshen Township in Chester County ranks in the top 10 best places to live. Horsham, in Montco, is in the top 50. Way to go Southeast Pa!
In case you missed it, Sgt. Dennis Leonard, a wounded warrior, gets a new home thanks to Helping A Hero. Great of Lynn Swann to show his support too.
Earlier today, my Western PA regional manager Katelyn King, participated at the annual Veterans Stand Down event in Pittsburgh.  The Veterans Stand Down event is held at Shepherd's Heart and brings together numerous service agencies in order to assist homeless veterans.
Yesterday, Nancy Gudino from my Scranton office participated in a senior expo that was hosted by State Rep. Karen Boback at Misericordia University in Dallas, PA.  My office often participates at these events in order to offer information regarding services, activities, and information available to seniors.
My Southeastern Regional Manager James Fitzpatrick recently met with Bob Coates, and toured L3 SPD Electrical Systems in Northeast Philadelphia. L3 SPD Electrical Systems manufactures and supplies the U.S. Navy with power distribution systems installed on every surface combatant, submarine and aircraft carrier. Thanks for providing crucial systems for our heroes in uniform!
Today, Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and I sent a letter requesting that the Army consider preserving funding for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle. http://goo.gl/bV0N0Q
Informative Patriot News column today that details my objections to the EPA raising biofuel usage requirements. http://goo.gl/ObXAPr
I hope you will all join me in wishing Sarah Murnaghan a very happy 11th birthday!  http://goo.gl/6Wp5ex
Kris and I are deeply saddened by the shocking events that transpired in Ross Township, Monroe County last night.  Our thoughts and prayers rest with the victims of this senseless tragedy and their families.  We also wish to extend our gratitude to the individuals and first responders who subdued the shooter.  There is no doubt that the courageous actions these heroes took preserved additional lives.
Important column by Salena Zito regarding the outbreak of Legionnaires' at the Pittsburgh Veterans Hospital.  The VA must address this issue. http://goo.gl/aRGiHF
My best birthday wishes today for the President of the United States, BarackObama.  Happy birthday, Mr. President.
If you're in the Pittsburgh area this weekend, please consider showing your support for Sgt. Doug Vitale. Doug, on behalf of our grateful commonwealth, thank you - and welcome home.
Great news: President Obama has nominated two for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Senator Bob Casey, Jr. and I recommended both to him.
Proud to be working with Senator Rand Paul and Senator Tom Coburn to ensure that each bill of Congress states the part of the Constitution that authorizes it:
ICYMI, a good post on our steps to protect Gettysburg National Military Park. My thanks to Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Rep. Scott Perry for working with me on this.
Senate Republicans stood up to big spenders today defeating an appropriations bill designed to bust spending caps.
Thanks for coming to see me, Alex, and enjoy the rest of your internship!
I had a terrific meeting just now with Bucks County native Alex Van Hook, a student at Rochester Institute of Technology and an AAPD intern in the office of Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
Such a wonderful thing to see...Thank you to everyone who kept Sarah Murnaghan and her family in your prayers:
I am proud to cosponsor "The Enumerated Powers Act" with Senator Tom Coburn and Senator Rand Paul to require explanation of Constitutional basis for proposed bills.
Great to welcome Villanova University grad Christopher Marroletti to my DC office today. Currently interning in Congressman Jim Gerlach's office, he introduced me when I gave the commencement this spring.
In case you missed it, a Lehigh Valley WWII vet is finally awarded his Bronze Star:
Great news for Penn State Harrisburg: TE Connectivity gives $500,000 to fund capstone projects to train PA's future engineers. The Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) disciplines are crucial to the Commonwealth’s economic growth and prosperity.
Last week, the The Lancaster Chamber of Commerce & Industry  was named the Chamber of the Year by the American Chamber of Commerce Executives for the 2nd time in 10 years.  Congratulations to all of the members and staff of the Lancaster Chamber on all the hard work and this great award.
On President Obama's tax hike plan: Unfortunately, this administration never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to grow our economy.
Pleased that the Senate has unanimously passed my bipartisan resolution with Senator Sherrod Brown and Senator Rob Portman to honor the Battle of Lake Erie's 200th anniversary. "We have met the enemy and they are ours."
Scranton's What The FORK Truck advances on LIVE with Kelly and Michael's Trucking Amazing Cook off. One step closer to winning $20,000. Good luck!
Unbelievable: From 2008-2012, the U.S. Department of Agriculture paid $30M in subsidies to farmers who aren't farming - because they're deceased:
Great conversation at a town hall meeting with employees at AmerisourceBergen today in Chesterbrook.
Congrats to Donovan McNabb, retiring today as a teammate of the Philadelphia Eagles. Thanks for giving the City of Brotherly Love 11 memorable seasons.
In case you missed it, here's my talk with Dom Giordano this morning on tax reform. Thanks for having me on, Dom.
ICYMI: Great op-ed in The Morning Call from B. Braun Medical's Caroll Neubauer on the harmful medical device tax. I'm working with Sen. Bob Casey, Jr. to repeal it.
Welcome to Philly, Sen. Max Baucus and Rep. Dave Camp. Tax code reform should simplify so as not to punish hard work and savings:
Kris and I send our prayers to the family of former Governor Bill Scranton. From the time he left Yale Law School to enlist in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II, to his service as Ambassador to the United Nations, his was a life dedicated to the service of our great commonwealth and our country.
Heartwarming: Northeast Philly's Trish Gohl has been recognized by the Defense Department for her compassionate work reuniting returned vets with the stray dogs they befriended in war-zones.
RIP to a true American Hero. If you have not been, please visit the Medal of Honor Grove in Valley Forge, PA which is a beautiful sanctuary for those like Bud who have received our military’s highest honor.
Today marks the 60th Anniversary of the armistice that ended the Korean War. We as a nation owe a great debt of gratitude to all those brave soldiers that fought and paid the ultimate sacrifice in America's "Forgotten War."
Great news! Gordon Food Service is preparing to build one of the region’s largest distribution centers in Findlay Township in Allegheny County. Up to 300 new jobs heading that way.
Are Obamacare allies a little like "The Fonz" in admitting the bill is w-w-wrong?
Here we go again. Government's central planning forcing more ethanol into your tank. This raises gas prices and hurts good-paying jobs in Delco and Philly.
Congratulations Master Sgt. William Janczewski. This West Pittston firefighter and Afghanistan vet's fast thinking prevented catastrophe when a fire broke out near 40,000 gallons of fuel. It also earned him "Airman of the Year."
Some wonderful photos from Lehigh Valley WWII vet Bertram Winzer's long overdue Bronze Star ceremony:
Talking with WILK Newsradio's Sue Henry at 9:30 today to give an update from Washington. Hope you'll tune in:
Now that the bill I authored with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. has passed the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, Philly's Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs medical center may soon be renamed after Corporal Michael J. Crescenz. Corporal Crescenz was a Vietnam War veteran and Philadelphia’s only Medal of Honor recipient of that war.
I'm urging that a bill funding two government agencies be returned to the Appropriations Committee so that it can be reworked to fit under budget caps required by law. The Transportation-HUD bill the Senate is currently considering puts us on a direct path to bust the caps, to break the law, to spend even more than the statutory limits that we put in place just two years ago. This bill spends 10 percent more than FY13 and even more than the president requested.
For more than half a century, Mr. Winzer has been an unsung hero. World War II veterans are humble and often reluctant to accept recognition. After 69 years, I'm glad to be able to help him get the Bronze Star Medal.
My state director, Lt. Col. Bob DeSousa, awards Mr. Bert Winzer the Bronze Star Medal for his service in WWII, over 69 years ago. Mr. Winzer served as a member of the 1st Special Service Force, an elite commando unit known as "the Devil's Brigade." I am overjoyed that we were able to help him receive the medal that he earned.
The 56th Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 28th ID  is the higher headquarters of the 2nd Squadron, 104th Cavalry. The unit's mission is to develop situational awareness and knowledge in the area of operations, empowering the Stryker Brigade Combat Team to anticipate, forestall and dominate threats, ensuring mission accomplishment through decisive action and freedom of maneuver. Thank you for coming to Washington, and thank you for all you do for our country.
I value tremendously the chance to meet with members of the Pennsylvania National Guard. For years, these great patriots have defended our freedom around the world. The service of 2nd Squadron, 104th Cavalry in Iraq during 2008-2009 is a prime example.
Glad to meet yesterday with Lt. Colonel Leland Blanchard, Commander of the 2nd Squadron, 104th Cavalry, Pennsylvania National Guard, and other leaders of that unit. Thank you for all you do for us and for our country.
Wilkes-Barre area vets Albert Cortez and Dorris Merril brought home the gold from the National Veterans Wheelchair Games in Tampa. Dorris, a WWII and Navy veteran, was the oldest participant. And guess what? She’s planning on competing again next year, in Philly.
Scranton's What The FORK Truck owners will compete for $25,000 on LIVE with Kelly and Michael with their signature pulled-pork tacos, Sriracha slaw and candy sauce. Wish them luck for Friday's competition!
White Castle is just one of many businesses that will have to trim hours because of the president's health care law:
Thanks to everyone from both Sen. Casey’s and my office who came out for the Keystone Cup yesterday. Good to set aside party differences and enjoy a game of softball with you.
Casey at the bat:
When a senator meets a senator at third base… Great to have a friendly game with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.'s office down here in Washington last night.
Good game Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Scrantonicity. Wait til next year. Hit it Toomey leads the series 2-1.
2/3 of accounting professionals surveyed say the president's health care law will make hiring unlikely:
"I understand the importance of regulations and clean air," said technician David Donaldson, 45. "But ask Obama this -- what good is green energy to me if I can't support my family?"
Nicholas Amoroso, Ph.D., fills me in on some of the great research he conducts at the McGowan Institute for Regenerative Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh. Thanks for showing me around the lab and keep up the great work.
More broken promises. Under the president's health care law, the American people might not get to keep their doctor:
Happy 90th birthday to Bob Dole. A World War II veteran (2 Purple Hearts) and congressman and senator from Kansas, he still greets veterans for the Honor Flight Network:
Good to be on Morning Joe with Joe and Mika.
Doctors are in the dark about the president's health care law:
Happy Friday, Pennsylvania. Here's my weekly update. Stay cool and have a great weekend!
The Wall Street Journal says support of Obamacare is eroding. Let’s get rid of this train wreck and repeal and replace.
Great news for Shippensburg and Central Pennsylvania: Proctor and gamble's new distribution center will bring nearly 1,000 jobs.
Pittsburgh was and continues to be home to many of our Nation’s greatest mustachioed men. Whether it be former Super Bowl winning Coach Bill Cowher or current all-star closer Jason Grilli, Pittsburgh has certainly seen its fair share of individuals that succeed due to hard work, ability and intimidating facial hair.   With this in mind, it only seems fitting that Pittsburgh be the home of the American Mustache Institute.
No group is more deserving of our admiration than our veterans, and I'm glad the Department of Veterans Affairs has recognized Opportunity House's efforts. Congratulations!
Inspiring: Pittsburgh's Denise Zellous works with homeless women in transition. She's also the adoptive mother of five. Congratulations again on being recognized with the Jefferson Awards for Public Service.
Union presidents have written that the president's health care law "will destroy the very health and well-being of . . . Americans." I agree. What do you think?
Great to meet with representatives from the Snack Food Association today. I appreciate their support for reform of our wasteful and costly government-subsidized sugar program.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, joined officials from Olympus Corporation of the Americas to cut the ribbon on their new Medical Learning Center. With nearly 900 employees in the Lehigh Valley, they develop solutions for healthcare professionals to help improve outcomes and enhance quality of life for patients. The Medical Learning Center, a 2,875 square foot modern training facility featuring cutting-edge medical technology, will be used to train Olympus employees and distributor partners from across North and South America.
The Coatesville VA Medical Center will host the 7th annual Welcome Home Celebration to welcome back veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan and to introduce them to the VA healthcare and benefits they've earned. Please share this info with any veterans you may know. As always, we thank them for their service.
With 3,000 Purple Hearts, the 65th Infantry Regiment was the only fully-segregated Hispanic unit. A valiant force in three major wars, the unit has a proud legacy of battling America’s enemies abroad while at home segregation unfortunately remained a part of American society. I'm proud to cosponsor legislation to award them the Congressional Gold Medal. Thanks to the  Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal Alliance for working to get them the acknowledgement they deserve.
I'll be on with NewsRadio Kdka's Mike Pintek at 1:05 today to give an update from Washington. I hope you'll tune in:
Grateful to Lancaster teens Temar and Chris for their courage in rescuing this little girl. Thank you. I'm relieved to know she is safe.
MLB's Tribute for Heroes program will be recognizing vets from across the nation at this year’s all-star game, including NEPA native Sgt. John Belcher. John is a U.S. Marine and veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Congratulations to John and all our veterans being honored.
Happy Friday Pennsylvania. My my weekly update is available here. Thanks and have a great weekend.
Happy birthday to Philadelphia native and Temple University grad Bill Cosby. Enjoy one of his most famous:
Happy birthday to  Andrew Wyeth, one of our commonwealth's greatest artists, whose paintings vividly portray the beautiful Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania landscape.
Along with 12 PA Representatives, I am urging President Obama to stop the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's new coal-killing regulations. Coal is Pennsylvania's single, largest energy source.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, hosted a casework day in Reading yesterday at Rep. Tom Caltagirone's office. My staff holds events like these throughout the commonwealth to help constituents resolve issues with the federal government. Be sure to check your local paper for a casework day near you.
Looks like some good news - and about 250 jobs - for Delaware County:
Visiting DC this summer? The National Gallery of Art has some stunning depictions of our commonwealth's natural beauty. Painter George Inness's "The Lackawanna Valley" is a great example. If you're in town, I also invite you to contact my office for a tour of the United States Capitol.
Wonderful story from The Daily American about Somerset County’s contribution to the USS Somerset, the Navy ship honoring the passengers of Flight 93.
Awful: FirstEnergy is shuttering its coal-fired plants in Fayette and Washington counties. President Obama's 'War on Coal' has cost Pennsylvania 380 jobs today.
My regional manager for Southwest PA, Katelyn King, spoke to the Northmont Brotherhood Club in North Hills, Pittsburgh. The club meets weekly to discuss issues of the day. Katelyn (left) is pictured here with club member James Bodfish and one of the interns in my Pittsburgh office, Samantha Petraglia.
In the summer of 1787, New York native John Fitch conducted the first successful trial run of his steamboat "Perseverance" on the Delaware River in Philadelphia in the presence of delegates from the Constitutional Convention. This was 20 years before Lancaster native Robert Fulton would launch the first commercially successful steamboat on the Hudson River. Both of these innovative Pennsylvanians are depicted in frescoes painted by Constantino Brumidi in the Senate side of the United States Capitol. If you're visiting DC this summer, be sure to contact my office for a tour!
This morning, my regional manager for Erie, Sheila Sterrett, met with members of the grassroots group Energy Citizens.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, with Mike Toledo, Executive Director of Centro Hispano Daniel Torres of Reading with recent grads of the Center’s 2013 Academic Summer Enrichment Camp at Albright College in Reading.
Congrats to author and Pittsburgh native David McCullough for being recognized by Allegheny County and having the 16th Street Bridge renamed in his honor. I just finished reading his book "The Johnstown Flood," a fascinating read on a resilient and proud PA community.
Good morning PA. Going on with NewsTalk WAEB AM 790's Bobby Gunther Walsh at 8:45. Hope you can tune in!
As we celebrate our 237th year of Independence, let us not forget the sacrifice and bravery of our veterans. A grateful nation thanks you for your service. Happy Independence Day!
Thomas Jefferson drafts it in June. John Adams and Benjamin Franklin edit it. This day in Philadelphia in 1776, Congress revises it. And here's the final product:
About 2 p.m. July 3, 1863: Pickett's Charge begins. Almost 14,000 Confederates set out across 3/4 mile of open fields under heavy fire. The attack's failure ends the pivotal Battle of Gettysburg.
On the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg (day three), take a look at this fascinating interactive map. This is pretty cool:
My regional manager for Southwest PA, Katelyn King, congratulates Delmont native Alex Pasculle on being named to FEMA's National Youth Preparedness Council. Alex volunteers as a firefighter, Basic Life Support (BLS) instructor and Emergency Medical Technician (EMT). He is also involved in disaster relief and helped organize a fundraiser with Kids Helping Kids to raise money for Japanese tsunami victims. Congratulations Alex!
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, met with constituents at a Monroe County casework day in State Rep. Mario M. Scavello's Mount Pocono office. My staff holds casework events like these across the state to help you resolve issues with federal agencies and programs. Be sure to check your local paper for a casework day near you.
My wife, Kris, and I are saddened at the death of former Rep. William H. Gray. Rep. Gray's leadership as both a Member of Congress and as a pastor has left an indelible mark on generations of public servants. In particular, Rep. Gray was a pillar of Philadelphia’s African American community and will be fondly remembered as a mentor to men and women who sought to serve their communities. Kris and I will keep Rep. Gray’s family in our prayers.
July 2, 1863: As the Battle of Gettysburg raged into a second day, places like "the wheat field" and "Little Roundtop" entered our national vocabulary...
It was my pleasure to address the Back Mountain Chamber in Luzerne County this morning. Thanks for having me.
At Martin's Famous Pastry Shoppe Inc. in Chambersburg.
I had a great time visiting Martin's Famous Pastry Shoppe Inc. yesterday in Chambersburg. Thanks to everyone who made me feel so welcome.
Glad my regional manager for Southeast PA, James Fitzpatrick, could meet with the Association of Korean Vietnam War Veterans' Philadelphia Chapter today. On behalf of a grateful country, thank you for your service.
Great to sit down and have a conversation with the editorial board of the Central Penn Business Journal in Harrisburg this afternoon. Thanks for taking the time for me.
Our hearts go out to the families of the 19 firefighters lost in the Arizona fires yesterday. Please keep them all in your prayers.
I met with Robin Steinke, Dean of the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg, State Senator Richard Alloway II, State Representative Dan Moul and Mark Hanson, Presiding Bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. Great to be with them to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg today.
Giving a radio interview with WITF from the porch of the Lutheran Seminary in Gettysburg. Behind us is a unit of Union Army civil war reenactors.
On the cupola of the Lutheran Theological Seminary in Gettysburg. From here, Union Brigadier General John Buford watched the beginning of the battle between his outnumbered cavalry and the lead elements of Lee's army, July 1, 1863. His action bought much-needed time for Union reinforcements.
Honored to speak at the opening of the Seminary Ridge Museum at Gettysburg National Military Park on the 150th anniversary of this pivotal Civil War battle. The seminary's cupola served as a vantage point for generals from both sides during the battle.
July 1, 1863: Early morning shots between some dismounted Union cavalry and Confederate soldiers on a ridge west of town begin the Battle of Gettysburg. Visiting this hallowed ground today to remember and commemorate the battle with the opening of the Seminary Ridge museum.
As you can see, the commemoration of the 150th Anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg is in full swing. 
 
 I am a proud sponsor of the bipartisan Gettysburg National Military Park Expansion Act, which would include the historic Railroad Station and the southern end of the battlefield as part of the park.
I was honored to speak at the Pennsylvania American Veterans Annual Convention this morning.  As we approach Independence Day, it is important that we remain mindful of the dedication and sacrifices our veterans made and continue to make in the name of freedom.
Steve Meredith, my constituent advocate for Pittsburgh, attended a National HIV Testing Day event in Homewood and spoke with attendees about issues with federal agencies. The event was sponsored by the Christian Evangelistic Economic Development group. Pictured with him is Terry Fluker, who hosted the event.
I am glad the Senate passed a resolution to commemorate the Battle of Gettysburg.  I was pleased to work with Senator Casey to ensure the Senate recognized the 150th anniversary of the battle and encourage Americans to come to Gettysburg to discover, study, and appreciate our history and those who made it fighting there.
Go Mountain Hawks.  CJ McCollum is the first Lehigh player drafted into the NBA. http://tinyurl.com/nhc45wj
I just voted against the Gang of 8 bill. Unfortunately, it’s a huge missed opportunity to fix our broken immigration system.
Glad to introduce with Senator Ron Wyden the Wireless Tax Fairness Act to protect consumers from overbearing taxation.
June 27, 1863: Confederate Gen. Richard Ewell's II corps nears Carlisle, Pa. Meanwhile, Lt. Gen. James Longstreet's I Corps occupies Chambersburg & Brig. Gen. George Gordon occupies York. Watch Professor Len Fullenkamp, the U.S. Army War College's lead historian, on how combat bridges past and present:
Thanks again Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams for inviting me to the Summer of Peace Kick Off last Saturday. It was a great time!
I am looking forward to attending the grand opening of the Seminary Ridge Museum next week and touring the 20K square foot space that highlights the first day of the battle of Gettysburg.   http://www.seminaryridgemuseum.org/
Happy to host Dr. Steven Altschuler, CEO of Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, and Carolyn Jackson, CEO of St. Christopher's Hospital for Children, to discuss Medicaid reform for children suffering from complex health issues. Steve’s 30 years of service at CHOP are a remarkable testament to both his expertise and his commitment to caring for our sickest young people. Carolyn’s enthusiasm and leadership for innovative healthcare solutions are helping St. Christopher’s provide excellent care for children in our state.
I agree with York Daily Record/Sunday News: Congress should act now to expand Gettysburg National Military Park. "The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here..."
One-third of the Union troops at Gettysburg were from Pennsylvania, as were their commander, George Meade, and two of his lieutenants, Gens. Reynolds and Hancock.
My Southeast PA regional manager James Fitzpatrick toured Buckman's Inc., a family-owned and operated ski and pool supply store in Pottstown today. Businesses like Buckman's contribute to tourism - a key part of the region's economy.
Today in 1942: General Eisenhower assumes command of U.S. forces in Europe. "Plans are nothing; planning is everything."
At the State Museum of Pennsylvania, check out the new exhibit with the 16-foot-by-32-foot painting by artist Peter Frederick Rothermel depicting Pickett’s Charge during the Battle of Gettysburg.  It is the largest Civil War scene painted on canvass.  http://www.statemuseumpa.org/civilwar.html
Just voted against cloture on the Corker-Hoeven amendment to the immigration bill. This amendment fails to address what’s truly wrong with our broken immigration system.
As a member of the Legislative Wing of the Civil Air Patrol, I'm glad my Northeast PA regional director, Brian Langan, was on hand to congratulate members of Scranton’s Composite Squadron 201 and present a certificate of appreciation on my behalf. The Civil Air Patrol serves as the official auxiliary of the U.S. Air Force.
Working to add Lincoln's railroad station to Gettysburg National Military Park before the battle's 150th anniversary on July 1:
Very pleased that Emanuel Aponte of Harrisburg was able to stop by my office today and accept this letter of congratulations.  Emanuel was honored by Estamos Unidos de Pennsylvania for graduating with honors from John Harris High.  
 
 He will attend Penn State Harrisburg in the fall, where he will major in Political Science.  Congratulations Emanuel and Good Luck!
June 28, 1863: Major. Gen. George Meade was given command of Army of the Potomac, just 3 days before the first shots would be fired at Gettysburg.
Wow.  This is terrific news.  http://abclocal.go.com/wpvi/story?section=news/local&id=9148017
Thank you Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams for inviting me to the Summer of Peace-Family Fun Day.
I had a lot of fun this morning at the Myers Recreation Center in SW Philly.
Great morning at the Summer of Peace 2013-Family Fun Day.   Sen. Williams, Rep. Brady, Rep. Harris, and I tipped off the basketball tournament.
Terrific news on Delaware River Deepening Project. The project is 60 percent complete and will be finished in 2017.  This project will create thousands of jobs in Southeastern Pennsylvania and will enhance the region's competitiveness for years to come.
June 22, 1863: the Second Corps of the Army of Northern Virginia, under the command of Lieutenant General Richard Ewell, would cross the Mason-Dixon Line into Pennsylvania. Over the course of the next week, approximately 75,000 Confederates would pour into the Keystone State.
Here, Emily and Kathryn and their families share their Children's Champions cards, which tell the stories of their illnesses, treatments and recoveries at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Today, I met Emily and Kathryn, two very brave young people from Pennsylvania. Emily is a leukemia survivor who underwent innovative T-cell therapy from doctors at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. She was the first child ever to receive this break-through treatment. Kathryn struggled with liver problems as a newborn and was diagnosed with hemolytic-uremic syndrome, a blood disease. Both are doing just fine today. I'm so glad they could both come with their families to Washington to tell me about the life-saving work done at CHOP.
I'm honored to be recognized with the Independent Bakers Association Legislative Service award. My thanks to Len Amoroso and everyone from the association for taking time to come to Washington to present me with this great honor.
We need sugar reform. See The Morning Call's great story on how government's crazy sugar policy hikes your grocery bill:
Gettysburg was the third of the four original national military parks authorized by Congress: Chickamauga and Chattanooga (1890), Shiloh (1894), Gettysburg (1895), and Vicksburg (1899).
Congrats to Lewisburg High School students Amanda Kelly, Claire Martin, Brett Clark, Nate Martin, Alex Liscum and faculty sponsor Michael Creeger for winning fourth place in the 10th Annual Capitol Hill Challenge Stock Market Game. Now more than ever, financial literacy is an essential skill for our students to learn. It's great to see that Lewisburg High School has, for the second time in a row now, fielded a nationally competitive team.
As we approach the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg, art on the contributions of African American soldiers in the Civil War will be on display next week at the Union League in Philadelphia.
Mitch Vidovich, my manager for Southeast Pennsylvania, visited The Williamson Free School of Mechanical Trades today to celebrate their 125th anniversary. Williamson provides a free, quality education in the trade and technical fields for young adults in southeast Pennsylvania. Congratulations on this terrific milestone.
Congratulations Ryan. Good luck at the Air Force Academy.
Inspiring: Denise Zellous was honored with the Jefferson Awards for her remarkable work creating the HOPE Project, which gives essential everyday items to homeless women transitioning into permanent housing. In addition, she is the mother of five adopted children.
Kelly McGinley is a recipient of the Jefferson Award for her volunteer work (100 hours a month) at the Central Pennsylvania Animal Alliance. She developed the "Helping Hounds" program to train rescue dogs for combat veterans living with post-traumatic stress disorder.
It was great to meet with Pennsylvania's winners of the Jefferson Award today. They are in the running for the national award, which will be announced tonight. Created in 1972 by Jackie Kennedy Onassis, the Jefferson Awards honor those Americans who strive for stronger communities.
Look who I ran into on the Senate steps this afternoon...
Great news: The Senate has unanimously confirmed Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo as U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. I'm confident he will serve Pennsylvania and the nation well.
An inspiring read...Great to see such a spirit of public service in Pennsylvania's young people. Congratulations Valerie, Cameron and Natalie:
NA
At the VFW Post 33 in Greensburg, I heard from concerned vets about the backlog of health and disability claims. We need to get through this backlog more quickly. Our vets shouldn't be waiting over a year for resolution of a claim.
I was in Greensburg on Friday for a roundtable discussion on veterans issues. My office also held a veterans casework day to give area vets an opportunity to get help with federal agency and programs.
Good morning Pennsylvania. You can find my weekly update here. Happy Friday!
Happy Flag Day, America. Long may she wave.
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, met with Ultra Electronics in Belle Vernon, Pa. yesterday. Their company helps to modernize encrypted communication systems for the Defense Department, carrying on Pennsylvania's proud tradition of supporting our nation's military.
Great news: Boeing's contract with the Defense Department for 99 V-22 Osprey aircraft saves taxpayers $1 billion. Each will be built in Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
I am pleased and grateful that the Senate has confirmed Judges Nitza Quiñones Alejandro and Jeffrey Schmehl as U.S. District Court judges for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Since joining the Senate, I've worked closely with Sen. Casey to fill Pennsylvania’s judicial vacancies with qualified, experienced judges with unquestioned honesty, ability and integrity. I believe both these individuals meet those requirements.  Judge Quiñones  will sit in Philadelphia and Judge Schmehl will sit in Reading.  Congratulations to both Judge Quiñones  and Judge Schmehl.
NA
NA
Happy 238th Birthday to the US Army! Let's not forget all of the Pennsylvania Soldiers currently deployed.
NA
This morning I met with representatives from the AARP Pennsylvania Office: William Johnston-Walsh, state director; James Palmquist, state president and Ray Landis, advocacy manager. Thank you gentlemen for taking the time to come to Washington.
I am deeply grateful to the organ donor and his or her family for the potentially life-saving gift to Sarah Murnaghan. Now that a suitable donor has been found, a prayer would help, too - a prayer Sarah's body accepts the new organ the way doctors believe it can. The judge gave Sarah a chance to receive a new lung. Now the surgical team at CHOP is giving her a chance at life.
I'm proud to support Penn State's Lunar Lion X Prize Team - the only university-led competitor - in this global race to the moon. Their state-of-the-art laboratory facilities and expertise in aerospace science and engineering make the University an exemplary candidate to host this event.
Our immigration system is clearly broken and needs to be fixed. I therefore welcome a debate on this important issue. Ultimately, any reform proposal must truly fix our system so that the border is secure, our laws are enforced and respected, and the flow of illegal immigration is stopped. Such a bill must also embrace legal immigration and significantly expand opportunities for those who want to come to our country, work hard, and play by the rules. I have reservations about whether the Gang of Eight bill meets this criteria, but I am withholding final judgment until the Senate considers amendments.
NA
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, presented an award today to Bob Kern, Principal at Nazareth Area Elementary School. The school was one of only 64 in the nation to receive a Green Ribbon Schools Award from the U.S. Dept. of Education for their efforts to reduce environmental impact and utility costs, promote better health, and ensure effective environmental education.
This Sunday was one of two NASCAR races held at the Pocono Raceway in Longpond. The event drew thousands to the NEPA region. (The economic impact of past races like this is conservatively estimated at $152M.)
Good morning Pa. Getting ready to go on NewsTalk WAEB AM 790 with Bobby Gunther Walsh in a few. Hope you can tune in:
ICYMI: The Sunday edition of the Philadelphia Inquirer features an Op-Ed I wrote which requests that Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius modify a federal rule to use medical need and suitability, not age, to determine how organ donations are prioritized.  http://www.inquirer.com/opinion/20130609_Let_medical_need_decide_care.html?authenticate=y
My weekly newsletter:
I am not looking for special treatment for Sarah, rather that the government stop making exceptions that exclude Sarah. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=video&id=1053
We honor the valor and sacrifice of the soldiers of D-Day. President Reagan's words, spoken at Point-du-Hoc on the 40th anniversary of the battle, hold true today:
June 6, 1944: 160,000 brave soldiers landed at Normandy to liberate Europe. On this D-Day anniversary, we remember and say thank you to them and all World War II veterans.
In case you missed it on Bill Rehkopf KDKA earlier, here is my announcement that a federal judge has granted a temporary restraining order and told HHS Secretary Sebelius to direct the transplant network to cease application of the "Under 12 Rule" as it applies to Sarah Murnaghan.
A federal court has issued a temporary restraining order of the under 12 policy to help save Sarah. Finally, some positive news:
Going on with Pittsburgh's Bill Rehkopf KDKA in a few minutes to discuss 10 year-old Sarah Murnaghan's case. Listen live here:
Hoping and praying that all are safe in the Center City building collapse in Philadelphia. Thank you to all first responders.
In case you missed it, The Today Show highlighted the life or death struggle of 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan. Health and Human Services Secretary  Kathleen Sebelius has options available to her to help this child become eligible for a lung transplant. Please encourage her to take exercise her authority.
This is leadership. General Eisenhower’s failure letter on the eve of the D-Day invasion, mistakenly date “July 5th.” (He had other things on his mind.) He wrote the letter in the event the attacks failed, to praise the soldiers who carried them out and to affirm that any blame or fault would be “mine alone.” God bless all World War II vets.
NA
NA
Thank you Rep. Tom Price for urging Secretary Sebelius to save Sarah. You are right. All it takes is her signature.
Thank you Drudge Report for highlighting 10-year-old Sarah’s case. Secretary Sebelius has the authority to save Sarah.
I am urging President Obama to raise the issue of Russia's ban on US adoptions when he meets President Vladimir Putin at the G8 talks this month. We need a humanitarian solution for those Russian orphans who have already met and bonded with their American families, yet were not able to have their adoptions completed due to the ban.
Congressman Patrick Meehan and I are urging Secretary Sebelius to use existing rules to help 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan receive the lung transplant she desperately needs. We are not asking for an exemption for Sarah, rather we are asking the Secretary to exercise authorities available to her now. You can read our letter here:
Glad my regional manager for Erie, Sheila Sterrett, was on hand to congratulate Gary Carver of Carver International Inc. last week. Gary was awarded the 2013 President's "E" Award. Carver International, an international freight forwarder, is one of 57 U.S. companies being recognized for their significant contribution to increasing American exports. Congratulations Gary.
US Army Lt. Gen. Frank Wiercinski retires tomorrow. Most recently of US Army Pacific Command, he and his wife, Jeanine, are both great Pennsylvanians. On behalf of a grateful commonwealth and country, thank you for such devoted service.
Informative meeting in Delaware County today regarding the lengthy backlog of claims within the VA.  Our veterans deserve better care than this.  
 
 My thanks to Congressman Patrick Meehan, representatives from local veterans' organizations and officials from Delaware County for joining me.
Congratulations to Erie business owner, Gary Carver, CEO of Carver International, Inc., for receiving the 2013 President’s “E” Award for increasing American exports.  Pictured from left to right: Sheila Sterrett-NWPA Regional Manager for U.S. Senator Pat Toomey, Lyn Doverspike-Director, U.S. Commercial Service, Pittsburgh Office, Gary Carver-Carver International Inc., PA State Senator Sean Wiley-49th District, Brad Moore-District Director U.S. Representative Mike Kelly http://www.flickr.com/photos/manp/8893331718/in/set-72157633813836791
Good to talk to Sheinelle and Mike on Fox 29 about getting help for Sarah. http://tinyurl.com/mfjod2y
Today, Sen. Bob Casey, Jr. and I had the chance to speak with Roy Perkins of BAE Systems in one of their signature products - the Bradley Fighting Vehicle. In addition to providing our military with great equipment, BAE is also an important employer in York County.
Glad to sit down with The Tribune-Democrat editorial board in Johnstown this afternoon. Thanks for a great conversation.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, attended the Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau’s Annual Tourism Day celebration. The economic impact of tourism is huge and several attendees were honored for their contributions to it: Ann Pilcher, PMVB; Ruth Jones, Kittatinny Canoes; Eric Lansberry, Cove Haven Entertainment Resorts; Justin Genzlinger, Ledges Hotel; Jenny Hall, Shawnee Inn and Golf Resort. Back row: Carl Wilgus, President/CEO PMVB; Eric Ehrhardt and Craig Ehrhardt, Ehrhardt’s Waterfront Resort.
Glad that my constituent advocate, Shawn Conway, was on hand at yesterday's Veterans' Resource Fair in Sharpsburg. With him here is Mary Ellen Pilarski of the Pittsburgh VA and veteran Eugene Dirl. Good to know that there were several hundred vets and vendors in attendance.
10-yr-old Sarah from Newtown Square, Pa. has cystic fibrosis. She needs a lung transplant and your help:
I'm urging HHS Secretary  Kathleen Sebelius to waive the red tape age requirement and allow Sarah Murnaghan, age 10, to be eligible for a life-saving lung transplant.    Sarah has cystic fibrosis and is fighting for her life at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia as she awaits a life-saving lung transplant. Doctors believe she has only a few weeks to live. Pediatric organ donors are in short supply and the likelihood of Sarah receiving a pediatric lung in time is virtually non-existent.  The Department of Health and Human Services has mandated that organ allocation policies must be based on medical necessity rather than waiting time. However, this approach only applies to patients over the age of 12.   I hope and pray that red tape doesn’t get in the way of helping Sarah. I understand we need rules to prioritize organ transplants, but the fact that Sarah is 10 and not 12 shouldn’t be a reason to deny her a chance at life.
My staff assistant, Rebecca Conley, was on hand to present VFW Post 264 in Corry with a certificate in celebration of its 90th anniversary. Thank you to all our veterans for your service to our great country.
With the editorial board of the Centre Daily Times.
It was great to meet with the Juniata Valley Chamber of Commerce in Lewistown's historic courthouse. Thanks to all for joining in the conversation.
Glad to be able to meet with the PA Community Bankers Association in Mifflintown in Juniata County. Bankers from Mifflin, Snyder, Perry and Juniata Counties were all present.
Hope everyone has a happy and safe Memorial Day.  If there is a special military member or vet whom you are remembering today, please post in the comments so we can all honor their sacrifice.
Even just one case of sexual assault is unacceptable, either within the military or society as a whole. We have seen troubling media reports suggesting incidents of sexual assault in the military. Our service members must be protected from it. We must have a prompt response when such charges occur so that those responsible are held accountable. I have already introduced legislation to address sexual assault in Veterans Affairs facilities, and we must do more to ensure the safety and protection of our service members and veterans.
Now available: my weekly e-update. Happy Friday everyone!
Some good news for the Greater Hazleton area:
I’m proud to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Lake Erie. This dramatic encounter breathed new life into a damaged American war effort. Contributing in no small way to this victory was the city of Erie, which provided the safe locale, supplies, and muscle necessary to build the victorious fleet in limited time. I thank the city of Erie and the Perry 200 Commemoration Commission for their efforts to ensure the appropriate recognition of this historic event over the course of this summer.
Going on with Philly's Dom Giordano in just a few minutes. We'll be discussing the IRS scandal. Tune in and listen live here:
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, hosted a forum on the legislative process with PA State Rep. Eli Evankovich. Here they are with 8th graders from the Leechburg School District.
Pleased to report that the Environmental Working Group has endorsed my crop insurance amendment. This insurance is billed as a safety net, but with no cap, it's wasteful corporate welfare.
Crop insurance is billed as a safety net, but with no cap, it’s wasteful corporate welfare.
1:3 The ratio of jobs saved to jobs lost from our wasteful government sugar program.
I questioned Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke today on monetary policy, the debt ceiling & the Swaps Regulatory Improvement Act.
As Memorial Day approaches, let’s not forget that numerous Pennsylvanians in all services continue to be in harm’s way. In the Pennsylvania National Guard alone, more than 2,000 men and women are serving overseas.
Frank Mazza, my Central Pa. field representative, toured the   Yorktowne Business Institute and School of Culinary Arts today in York County. YBI offers medical, business and culinary classes.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, was on hand to attend the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Carbon Chamber & Economic Development offices in Lehighton, Carbon County. Congratulations on the new facility.
In World War II, Civil Air Patrol volunteers used their own planes and money to fly combat and humanitarian missions. Today, we say, "Thank you."
I questioned senior IRS officials today about the agency’s scandal in targeting and giving extra scrutiny to conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status. If we don't know who made the decision to target these groups, how can we be sure this was NOT politically motivated? On the face of it, this appears completely politically motivated. I'm urging the Finance Committee to bring witnesses who can tell us who made this decision.
Preparing for Senate Finance Committee questioning of the IRS. Improper disclosure of confidential tax info is a federal, criminal offense.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families in Oklahoma City and throughout Tornado Alley during these terrible storms. Please stay safe.
It's time to roll back the government's wasteful sugar program. This flawed policy is corporate welfare at its worst and hurts not only candy companies and food manufacturers, but also the families who end up paying higher costs for food made with sugar. This bipartisan reform would mark an important step towards ending policies that pay wealthy sugar processors from the pockets of American taxpayers. I believe that this Congress can and will eventually rein in our flawed sugar policies.
Great slide show of this morning's military appreciation ceremony at the Pennsylvania National Guard Armory in Allentown. Thanks to all who attended.
What an honor to meet Mr. Bertram Winzer.  Mr Winzer was a member of one of America's first Special Operations units, the 1st Special Service Force, also known as the "Devil's Brigade." Pennsylvania is home to six Devil's Brigade veterans - the most of any state.  During World War II, the Devil's Brigade was a top-secret combat force of volunteers from the United States and Canada. Its high-risk missions figured prominently in the liberation of Italy and France.  I am working to honor him and others in the brigade with the Congressional Gold Medal, which represents the highest expression of national appreciation for distinguished achievements and contributions.
At a military appreciation celebration today in Allentown, I was glad to visit with Nate Kline a retired Air Force officer, W.W. II veteran, and an advocate for fellow vets.
Great to meet with the Anne B. Anstine Excellence in Public Service Series. An annual professional leadership program for Pennsylvania women, the Anstine Series members came for an update on some of the major issues before Congress. Thanks to all who attended.
Today on Armed Forces Day, my thoughts are with the hundreds of Pennsylvanian's deployed overseas in harm's way.
My weekly newsletter is available here. Have a great weekend!
I'm working to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the members of the Devil's Brigade, a top-secret combat force of volunteers from the United States and Canada. Their high-risk missions figured prominently in the liberation of Italy and France. Pennsylvania is home to six Devil’s Brigade veterans – the most of any state – and the unit’s proud legacy is shared by today’s Special Operations Forces.
The improper disclosure of confidential tax information is a criminal offense under federal law. I am calling for an investigation of the Internal Revenue Service.
During Police Week Washington DC, Officer Bradley Fox of Boyertown is honored by the president. We keep Officer Fox, all our fallen law enforcement officers and their families in our hearts.
On National Peace Officers Memorial Day, we honor our fallen law enforcement officers. We must never forget them.
My northwest regional manager, Sheila Sterrett, and Eldred Township Supervisor Jeffrey Rhinehart at the 100th Annual McKean County Association of Township Officials convention in Smethport.
Matt Blackburn, my western state director, attended the 108th Annual Manufacturer & Business Association Dinner in Erie, PA. With him is pianist and political satirist Mark Russell and Charlie Gerow, a nationally recognized strategic communications leader and the CEO of Quantum Communications.
I'm demanding that the White House cooperate with Congressional investigations of the IRS scandal without delay. My letter to the president is here:
And now the  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is soliciting donations to implement the president's health care law? Isn't this a conflict of interest? Unlawful? We need answers.
Marking Police Week Washington DC and remembering Pennsylvania's fallen heroes. Respect. Honor. Remember.
My regional manager for southeastern PA, James Fitzpatrick, visited the employees at Robern in Bristol. Robern manufactures residential storage products such as vanities, cabinets, mirrors, and other furniture and employs over 50 people in Bucks County. A great small business in a great state.
Great to visit the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania yesterday.  Thank you for the warm welcome, President Driscoll.
Great to know that the PA State Troopers are on the National Mall. They're here for Police Week Washington DC. I encourage you to take a moment this week to thank our policemen and women for their service.
Police Week Washington DC: Great to see members of the Lancaster City Police Mounted Unit on the national mall. We thank them and all members of our law enforcement community for their bravery and service. God bless.
My press secretary, Steve Kelly, attended the Buddy Walk at Manor church in Lancaster County. Thanks to Celebrate Down Syndrome Inc for putting on this important event.
Very pleased to help the Greater Carlisle Area Chamber of Commerce celebrate their 100th anniversary.
Whether you are conservative, liberal, libertarian, or any other political persuasion, you should be concerned that the IRS was targeting specific groups for extra scrutiny and intimidation. It is very troubling that the President hasn't swiftly condemned such efforts, which warrant a congressional investigation and an apology to those who were targeted. The IRS's actions are akin to an enemies list and further contribute to the deep cynicism that many Americans have about the government.
In Carlisle, with Major General Anthony Cucolo, 49th Commandant of the U.S. Army War College.
Happy Mother's Day to Kris and all the moms out there.
Great to sit down with the editorial board of the Lebanon Daily News today. Thanks for having me.
Not only does Mount Carmel Area High School in Northumberland County have a great football tradition, they have a fantastic marching band. Here they are playing on the Upper Senate lawn in Washington. Thanks for coming to D.C.
The death of Ambassador Stevens and other Americans in Benghazi on September 11, 2012 is upsetting, and I remain troubled by the aftermath and the fact that the terrorists involved have not been identified or captured.  I have long supported a congressional investigation and want to get answers to important questions such as could the consulate have been better secured and did the administration mislead the public. The recent testimony of Mr. Hicks, as well as news reports that this administration may have stricken references to terrorism in CIA reports about the attack, further justify why I’ve demanded such an inquiry, including cosponsoring legislation that would require a thorough investigation.
The spire has been added to the World Trade Center Freedom Tower in NYC. At 1,776 feet high, it is now the tallest building in our hemisphere.
I'll be visiting Carlisle Barracks today, the home of the U.S. Army War College. Today is also Military Spouse Appreciation Day. Please take a moment to thank these spouses for the sacrifices they make for us and our country.
Kris and I are saddened to learn of the passing of the aptly named George Leader. A World War II veteran, he never stopped serving his country and Pennsylvania. Our prayers go out to his family.
The House has passed its version of my Full Faith And Credit Act. I urge the Senate to do the same. It is time to end government by crisis.
NA
Great news from The Daily American in Somerset County:
The USS Somerset will be commissioned in Philadelphia. This ship honors the heroes of Flight 93, which crashed in Somerset County on 9/11, and includes metal from the wreckage of Flight 93 as well as Pennsylvania-grown lumber. I asked Navy Secretary Ray Mabus to commission her in the city of Brotherly Love, and I'm pleased to report he's answered my request:
 
 "Somerset is an important ship for the Navy and our nation and commissioning her in the Port of Philadelphia will make the event even more meaningful. Once I learned it was possible to commission Somerset in Philadelphia it was the obvious choice for me to make." - Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy
 
 Pennsylvanians will be honored to have the ship begin her service to the country in the Port of Philadelphia.
My amendment with Senator Sherrod Brown to help prevent the invasion of Asian carp in the Ohio River basin has taken a major step forward:
The Pentagon's own study about sexual assault in the military is deeply troubling to me. Sexual assault in our society is completely unacceptable, and I am very disappointed in the Pentagon's efforts to protect our service members from such attacks.  Whether on active duty or in our veterans health care facilities, our service members and veterans are entitled to protection from sexual assault. This is the least we can do for those that have defended and continue to defend our freedom.
We need to end government by crisis and take the default scare tactics off the table. As the sequester proved, limiting spending does not cause the sky to fall. The Full Faith and Credit Act will allow Congress and the President to have a frank discussion about putting our nation on a path to balance by taking the fear of default off the table. I am pleased the House is considering my Full Faith and Credit Act and I urge its passage.
Looking forward to going on with Philly's Dom Giordano at 10:45. Hope you'll tune in:
I'm honored to be named vice chair of the bipartisan Senate steel caucus to promote American manufacturing and our steel industry. Western PA is the heart of steel country. Steel production is key to our state and national economy. Steel is an integral component in products we find everywhere from our cars to our kitchens. With my colleagues in the caucus, I'll help ensure that American steel producers and the industries they supply remain strong to boost our national security and our economy.
Career Day at Eddystone Elementary School in Ridley School District, Delaware County. Thanks to all the professionals who attended for taking time to share about your career with the students here.
Glad that my regional manager for southeastern Pennsylvania, James Fitzpatrick, was on hand at Eddystone Elementary's Career Day in Delaware County yesterday.
My state director, Bob DeSousa, visited ITT Technical Institute Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania today to learn about the great work they do in training our future workforce. Belcan Corporation was also on hand to talk about the skills they look for in new employees.
Adam Breneman, a recent graduate of Cedar Cliff High School in Mechanicsburg and a freshman and tight-end at Penn State, was recognized for starting “Catch the Cure” to raise money for  Project ALS. it was great having Adam and Devon to my DC office this morning. Thank you both for your work on behalf of the people of our state.
Devon Rodriguez-Cayro, a student at Mechanicsburg Area Middle School, shares some details on her work over the years raising funds for the Humane Society of Harrisburg Area through her participation in the Annual Penguin Plunge. Devon raised over $6,000 at this year's event.
Congratulations to Adam Breneman and Devon Rodriguez-Cayro, both of Mechanicsburg, on being named top youth volunteers in Pennsylvania for 2013 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. It was a pleasure to welcome them to my Washington office this morning.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Boulos Gabriel, attended the 95th anniversary of the Kiwanis Club of Easton last week.
Marta presented awards for members who have been part of the club for anywhere from 25 to 50 years.
Thanks to everyone who attended the event!
I can't imagine a better place than Tobyhanna Army Depot for a major new federal air traffic control tower.
Congratulations to Frank Mazza, my new Harrisburg field rep. A Pennsylvania native & Temple grad, he's committed to our Commonwealth.
Congrats to Steve Kelly, my new press secretary. A lifelong Pennsylvania and Snyder County resident, he is a dedicated public servant.
This weekend, the cast and crew of the TV show The Office were in Scranton to celebrate the 9th & final season of the iconic sitcom, based in the Electric City. Fans and the City of Scranton bid farewell at “the Office”  wrap party:
Best wishes to all who ran in the Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon today. I'm glad that my regional manager for southwest PA, Katelyn King, was able to participate today. Let's hear it for these Runners of Steel and the great volunteers who made it happen!
Please share and spread the word about this women's retreat for veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan on May 11. This is an opportunity for women to come together in a supportive environment and share their experiences. To our vets, thank you and God bless.
My regional manager, Steve Kelly, presented a letter of thanks to Selinsgrove High School student Leah Musser for voicing her support for combat valor medals in The Daily Item. Leah wrote, “Soldiers and drone pilots both do important work to keep our country safe, but the field soldiers face real danger each mission.” I couldn't agree more. To her left is her teacher, Mr. Harvey Edwards, who initially assigned her class the project of submitting a letter to the editor on an issue of interest.
U.S. Senator Pat Toomey has released this statement following the death of Bishop Joseph P. McFadden.    “Kris and I are deeply saddened to learn of the death of Bishop McFadden.   A native of Philadelphia, the Bishop was called to serve whether he was coaching basketball or ministering to many of us as the Tenth Bishop of Harrisburg.  “His love, caring, and spiritual guidance will be missed by all who benefited from his wisdom over the years.”
It was my pleasure yesterday to tour KME Kovatch in Carbon County. This family-owned business is a global leader in the supply of customized specialty trucks and vehicles. My thanks to Phil Gerace and John Kovatch, III for taking the time to show me around.
I visited Tobyhanna Army Depot to tour their impressive facility and to urge the Federal Aviation Administration to give Pennsylvania equal consideration with New York for construction of a new air traffic control facility. The FAA should select a site which fits the operational needs of the country's modernization efforts and brings the best value to taxpayers. Tobyhanna fits that description.
NA
I visited Roosevelt Elementary School in Allentown yesterday, an urban community school that first opened in 1910. It was great to visit and see these dedicated teachers in action. My thanks to Allentown School District Superintendent Dr. Russell Mayo for showing me around.
I'm urging the Federal Aviation Administration to give Pennsylvania equal consideration with New York for construction of a new air traffic control facility. Pennsylvania has great locations to offer, with considerably lower costs of living and an existing security presence.
I met with Montgomery County's Supervisors today at the Whitpain Township Building to discuss unfunded mandates and give a legislative update from Washington. Thanks to all who attended.
The National Park Service informed me today that Joe Frazier’s Gym on the corner of North Broad Street & West Glenwood Ave in North Philly will be added to the National Register of Historic Places. Frazier won 32 out of 37 career matches, won an Olympic gold medal, and was the world heavyweight champion from 1970-73. He began training at the gym in 1968; it played a significant role in the story of his life and legacy as he trained there for many of his most famous bouts, including his victory against Mohammad Ali in the 1971 ‘Fight of the Century.'
Unacceptable: Pennsylvania's two regional VA offices have 23,000+ backlogged claims. Moreover, once a disability claim is considered it can take almost a year to get a resolution. I'm pleased to join Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. in asking President Obama to personally weigh in and help us ensure our veterans get the care they need – when they need it.
I'm overjoyed that we were able to help him receive the items of recognition he earned. For more than half a century, Mr. Czerviski has been an unsung hero:
My state director, Lt. Col. Bob DeSousa, salutes 91-year-old WWII vet Walter Czerviski, after his medaling ceremony at Willow Grove’s VFW post this morning. 70 years over-due, on behalf of a grateful nation, we say thank you.
My state director, Lt. Col. Bob DeSousa, awards 91-year-old World War II vet Walter Czerviski his long-overdue medals at Willow Grove's VFW Post 3612 today in Montgomery County. As a young sailor, Mr. Czerviski served in both the Atlantic and Pacific theaters of the war, but never received his medals when he was discharged from the service.
Great news: Senate approves my bipartisan bill with Senator Susan Collins and Senator Mark Udall to cut spending without furloughing air traffic controllers.
I'll be on with WILK's Sue Henry at 9:30 to share the good news: the Senate has adopted my bipartisan plan to fix flight delays. Hope you can listen in:
My state director, Bob DeSousa, speaks to a government class at McCaskey High School in Lancaster. The class has been following closely the debate over our national debt.
My regional manager for central Pennsylvania, Steve Kelly, was on hand to help constituents at this Lancaster County casework day at Senator Mike Brubaker's Lititz office. My staff holds events like these regularly across the commonwealth. Be sure to check your local newspaper for a casework day near you.
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended the Schuylkill County Career Fair in Pottsville last week with Darlene Robbins, President of the  Northeast PA Manufacturers & Employers Association.
Even with the sequester in full effect, the Federal Aviation Administration has more money than President Obama originally requested in his 2013 budget. Was the White House already planning to cut air traffic controllers?
It was my pleasure to help 91-year old veteran Walter Czerviski get the medals he earned 70 years ago as a young sailor in WWII.
I’m proud to introduce, with Senator Bob Casey, Jr. and Senator Mitch McConnell, the No Service Member Left Behind resolution. The members of the armed forces are willing to give their all to defend our country, ensure our safety, and protect the principles of this great nation. I urge my fellow members of Congress to join me in supporting this resolution and reaffirming our commitment to leave no soldier, sailor, airman, Marine or Coast Guard member behind.
ICYMI, on Morning Joe today, I explained how, sadly, the White House wants flight delays and air traffic control furloughs to try to convince Americans that we can never cut spending. This isn’t true. Senator Jim Inhofe and I had a bill that allowed the president the flexibility to make these cuts in a less disruptive way. The senate should reconsider that bill now to fix these unnecessary delays.
I'll be on Morning Joe at 7:20 to discuss why these flight delays and air traffic control furloughs are entirely unnecessary and a willful choice by the administration to further a political agenda of convincing Americans that there aren't any circumstances under which we can ever cut spending at all.
The White House wants flight delays. These delays, the furloughs among air traffic controllers, the shutting down of air traffic towers is entirely, utterly unnecessary. This is a willful choice being made by this administration in order to inflict as disruptive a process as possible on the American public and on our economy all to further a political agenda. And the political agenda is to try to convince the American people that there are no circumstances under which we can ever cut spending at all.
Happy to visit the PA Association of REALTORS® last week to discuss excessive government regulations and the housing market.
NA
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, visited the Jewish Agency on Aging in Pittsburgh today to join in celebrating Yom Ha’atzmaut, Israel's 65th anniversary of independence.
My Northwestern PA staff assistant, Rebecca Conley, helps Crawford County resident and veteran Steve Carrol at a casework day in Sen. Bob Robbin's Meadville office. My staff holds events like these regularly across the state. Be sure to check your local newspaper for a casework day near you.
Matt Blackburn, my Western PA manager, and Sheila Sterrett, my regional manager for Northwestern PA, joined other elected officials, the Army Corps of Engineers and members of the Presque Isle Advisory Committee during the bi-annual Presque Isle beach walk in Lake Erie.
Frank Mazza, my Scranton Field Representative, presents Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania running back Franklyn Quiteh with a certificate of recognition for his phenomenal 2012 season.
Marta Gabriel, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, joined local elected officials and representatives of the Lebanon County Area Agency on Aging to cut the ribbon at the grand reopening of the Maple Street Senior Center in Lebanon. Thanks to all who were able to attend.
Brian Langan, my northeast Pennsylvania director, with Col. Jack Jacobs (U.S.A. retired). Col. Jacobs is a recipient of the Medal of Honor.
My northeast director, Brian Langan, attended the Wayne County Economic Development Corporation’s dinner last week with featured guest, Col. Jack Jacobs (U.S.A., retired). During his remarks, Col. Jacobs, a Medal of Honor Recipient, highlighted efforts regarding the Medal of Honor Character Development Program. This program was established with the help of the Erie & Wattsburg PA School Districts and incorporates the ideals of courage and selfless service into middle and high school curriculum.
I'm working with Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr. and Rep. Scott Perry to add 45 more acres of the Gettysburg battlefield to the national park. This area includes the train station where President Lincoln came on his way to deliver the Gettysburg Address in 1863.
Kris and I are deeply saddened at the terrible explosion in West, Texas. We send our prayers to those injured, to those who have lost loved ones, and for the first responders.
An inspiring story to start your day:
My statement on The Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act: I did what I thought was the right thing for our country. I sought out a compromise position that I thought could move the ball forward on an important matter of public safety. My only regret is that our amendment did not pass. It’s not the outcome I hoped for, but the Senate has spoken on the subject, and it’s time to move on. We have a lot of other very important issues to deal with such as getting the economy back on track, dealing with the debt ceiling and creating more jobs for Pennsylvanians.
I will be speaking on the Senate floor at about 3:45 on the Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act. You can watch live at the link below:
NA
Glad to have the support of the Pennsylvania District Attorney Association:
This is a fantastic story on how my Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, worked tirelessly with community advocates to make it possible for lumber from Pa. to be used in construction of the USS Somerset, the ship honoring the heroes of Flight 93. Terrific work everyone. I've also written the Secretary of the Navy to urge that USS Somerset be commissioned in Philadelphia.
ICYMI: Pittsburgh Tribune-Review:  "Toomey won't retreat on background checks bill." This isn't about politics; it's about common sense.
It's good to have the support of friends Gabrielle Giffords and her husband, Captain Mark Kelly. Thank you for taking time to meet with Senator Joe Manchin III and me today.
Thank you for your patience. My DC office is now back up and running in our new location, Russell 248. We look forward to continuing to hear from and serve Pennsylvanians.
My staff and I are moving Capitol Hill offices tomorrow to 248 Russell.  Our office’s phones and computers may be down for a portion of the morning.  We will get them up and running as soon as we can.  We look forward to continuing to hear from and serve Pennsylvanians.  You can also reach me at any of my offices across Pennsylvania.
Praying for everyone in Boston.
I'll be heading to the Senate floor to speak on The Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act at about 3:30.
The International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) has announced its strong support for The Public Safety And Second Amendment Rights Protection Act.  This bill will prohibit a national gun registry, allow concealed carry permit holders to skip background checks altogether, and enable active duty military to buy a gun in their home state.
NA
The Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms (CCRKBA) supports the Public Safety & 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act: “If you read the Manchin-Toomey substitute amendment, you can see all the advances for our cause that it contains like interstate sales of handguns, veteran gun rights restoration, travel with firearms protection, civil and criminal immunity lawsuit protection, and most important of all, the guarantee that people, including federal officers, will go to federal prison for up to 15 years if they attempt to use any gun sales records to set up a gun registry.”
Glad my deputy state director, Sue Zimskind, was on hand with Congressman Charlie Dent to provide information for prospective applicants to our nation’s service academies on Saturday. Over 200 students and parents turned out for the events at Parkland High School in Lehigh County and at Ft. Indiantown Gap in Lebanon County. My thanks to all who attended.
Did you know? The Public Safety And 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act ensures that sales at gun shows are NOT prevented by delayed approvals from NICS.
Did you know:  The Public Safety and 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act says that private sellers can’t be sued if the weapon sold was cleared through the expanded background check and then used in a crime.  It’s the same treatment gun dealers receive now.   You can read the bill here. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=965
Glad to have the support of Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms http://tinyurl.com/bqllyvw
Public safety and Second Amendment Rights are very serious issues. But sometimes it's ok to laugh. http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/gun-control-cold-open/n35538/
On the set of Face the Nation with Sen. Manchin.
Did you know:  The Public Safety and 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act protects gun owners from arrest or detention by fixing interstate travel laws for transporting legal firearms across state lines.  You can read the bill here http://www.toomey.senate.gov/
Did you know? The Public Safety And 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act provides a new legal process for restoring veterans’ second amendment rights.
The acts committed by Kermit Gosnell are reprehensible. I join all Pennsylvanians in decrying his sickening disregard for basic human dignity.
Did you know? The Public Safety And 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act allows interstate sales of handguns, which is currently banned.
Did you know? The Public Safety and 2nd Amendment Rights Protection Act now allows concealed carry permit holders to skip a background check altogether.
Did you know? The Public Safety & Second Amendment Rights Protection Act expressly prohibits a national registry and goes one step further by requiring 15 years in jail for any government official who attempts to keep such a list. In other words, this amendment makes it harder – not easier – to create a federal registry than it already is under current law.
You can read the legislative text of The Public Safety & Second Amendment Rights Protection Act here.  A Senate vote on this amendment is expected next week, and I am pleased that the public will have ample opportunity to review and provide input on this important measure:
Calling all World War II veterans in the Lancaster-Berks area:
Kris and I are deeply saddened at the loss of Chief Warrant Officers Matthew Ruffner of Harrisburg and Jarett Yoder from the Reading area, both Pennsylvania Guardsmen who were killed when their helicopter crashed in Afghanistan. Our prayers are with their families and loved ones.
Pennsylvania has a long, bipartisan tradition of supporting gun rights. I am a proud part of that tradition. I am a gun owner. I revere the rights enshrined in our Second Amendment. My record shows this.   Criminal background checks are just common sense. If you pass a criminal background check, you can buy a gun. It’s the people who fail a criminal or mental health background check that we don’t want having guns.  That can be done without infringing on law-abiding people’s gun rights. And we ought to do it.
Congratulations to Alan Shimp, a 10th grade home school student from Midland, Pa. who won 1st prize in C-SPAN's 2013 StudentCam competition. Alan will receive $3,000 for his documentary "Free Candy," about our national debt. Way to go Alan!
Today I toured Lehigh County's Regional Intelligence and Investigation Center, a high-technology crime-fighting unit in Allentown. The center’s state-of-the-art techniques and technology are designed to help law enforcement stop gang and drug activity and enhance public safety. My thanks to District Attorney James Martin, who oversees the program, and Julia Kocis, who manages the center for showing me the facility.
Former State Rep. T.J. Rooney and central Pennsylvania business leader Thomas Rippon are co-chairs of Pennsylvania's chapter of Fix The Debt. At a time when our government is heading toward a fiscal crisis, now is not the time to take out yet another credit card.
I met with Pennsylvania's chapter of Fix the Debt today in Allentown. I appreciated hearing from them about how we can find bipartisan solutions to rein in out-of-control spending and form ideas to fix our long-term debt and deficits.
Never again. On Yom HaShoah, we remember the 6 million who perished in the Holocaust.
Matt Blackburn, my western Pennsylvania director, and his children joined Congressman Keith Rothfus in attending the ‘Field of Flags’ ceremony of remembrance.
The choir also helped make a touching service for Saturday’s ‘Field of Flags’ ceremony in Pittsburgh. A great turnout on a cold April morning. Thanks to all those involved in organizing such a wonderful event.
The wonderful folks at Memorial Park Church in the North Hills of Pittsburgh hosted the traveling ‘Field of Flags’ on Saturday. This ceremony of remembrance honors our brave men and women who did not return home from Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom.
Lady Thatcher was a personal hero of mine. The shopkeeper's daughter who helped bring down the Soviet Union:
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Philadelphia Fire Department Capt. Michael Goodwin. Capt. Goodwin, a 29-year veteran of the department,  was killed in the line of duty Saturday night while fighting a fire in South Philadelphia. I ask all Pennsylvanians to take this moment to reflect on the sacrifice that our firefighters, police, and first responders make for our safety every day.
RIP Baroness Thatcher. Powerful, and a lady to the last. "Power is like being a lady: if you have to tell people you are, you aren't."
Great conversation with WHTM-TV's Dennis Owens on the government's harmful sugar policy. By keeping the cost of sugar high, this taxpayer funded bailout hurts confectioners and consumers in Pennsylvania and across the country. Time for serious reform.
My regional manager for northwest Pennsylvania, Sheila Sterrett, and Representative Mike Kelly toured the Telemedicine Program at the Children’s Hospital Specialty Care Center at the Shriners Hospital for Children of Erie. Telemedicine allows health care experts to extend treatment to children in rural areas, oftentimes at a great distance from health care facilities.
My regional manager for southwest Pennsylvania, Katelyn King, presents an American flag to the Red, White and Blue Crew in Indiana County. They'll carry it when they run in the Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has answered my letter: They are reversing a decision that would shrink Medicare Advantage benefits for millions of seniors. I'm relieved to hear it and I appreciate their consideration of my concerns.
For all that we do know about the human brain, we still have much more to learn about this organ that is most fundamental to our very humanity. I commend the president for his leadership in setting an ambitious, but achievable, goal of mapping the functions of the brain. As we progress toward this exciting milestone in science, we will inevitably help healthcare professionals develop more and better ways to predict, prevent and treat the many serious illnesses and injuries that can afflict the brain. I look forward to working with the president and my colleagues in Congress to help our scientists achieve this worthy goal.
Very glad for the chance to sit down with the region's Hispanic business leaders. I appreciate them taking the time to meet with me. Thank you.
NA
ICYMI, you can listen to my interview this morning with Philly's Dom Giordano here. Great discussion of yesterday's visit to Lancaster County to talk sugar reform.
Among other topics at yesterday's business roundtable, we discussed upgrades and improvements to the Route 222 corridor and what that will mean for the region.
Great to meet with regional Hispanic business leaders in Wyomissing yesterday. Thank you for taking the time for Congressman Joe Pitts and I.
On with Philly's Dom Giordano in ten minutes to give an update on Washington. Hope you can tune in:
Great explanation of how harmful the government's sugar subsidies really are to our local businesses and consumers. Congressman Joe Pitts and I visited Pepperidge Farm yesterday to urge reform of this taxpayer bailout of Big Sugar.
I'm very grateful for the opportunity to sit down with Lehigh Valley's Hispanic business leaders yesterday afternoon. It was a great discussion. Thank you for taking the time!
Great roundtable discussion with the Berks County Latino Chamber of Commerce, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Central Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley's Hispanic Chamber today. With Congressman Joe Pitts and me are Carolina Martinez, Director of the Latino Business Resource Center at Kutztown University and Michael Toledo of Centro Hispanic in Reading.
On a somewhat related note: my 3-year-old son Duncan loves  Pepperidge Farm's Goldfish snacks...But do they beat out their Milano cookies?
At Pepperidge Farm's Denver, PA plant,  Congressman Joe Pitts and I urge repeal of sugar subsidies. The government's sugar policy hurts employers like Pepperidge Farm by keeping the price of sugar artificially high. This mistaken policy also hurts consumers as the price of food rises. Rep. Pitts and I are working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to end this costly program.
Off to Pepperidge Farm's Denver, Pa. plant with Congressman Joe Pitts to urge sugar reform. By keeping the cost of sugar high, the government's wasteful sugar program hurts confectioners and consumers in Pennsylvania and across the country. Let's fix that.
I sat down with Dennis Owens from abc27 News to discuss my efforts to reform the government's wasteful sugar program. The sugar subsidy is a taxpayer-funded bailout that keeps sugar and food costs high, hurting jobs across our state and our country. This policy is corporate welfare at its worst and it's time for it to go.
Honored to accept the National Association of Manufacturers award for legislative excellence. Pennsylvania's manufacturers provide hundreds of thousands good-paying jobs while creating high-quality products. My goal in Washington is to support and introduce policies that will help Pennsylvania and America manufacture even more.
NA
Headed to Valley Forge to accept the National Association of Manufacturers' award for legislative excellence. Honored to be recognized and proud to support our manufacturers.
Some welcome news.
My Northwest Regional Manager, Sheila Sterrett, is pictured with PA House Representative Marty Causer and Jerry Barnett, Chairman of the Potter County Conservation District.  They were at the PCCD’s legislative luncheon at the Susquehannock Lodge in Potter County.
April 1 marks the 150th anniversary the commonwealth of PA accepting the federal land grant and the designation of the Agricultural College of Pennsylvania as the sole land grant university for the state.  That arrangement became Penn State – a world-class teaching, research, and service institution. http://www.sesquicentennial.psu.edu/
To all those celebrating, Kris and I wish a happy and blessed Easter.
Today is Vietnam Veterans Day. As we remember those who served in one of our nation's longest, most challenging wars, I invite you to express your thanks to them.
ICYMI: It was an honor for me and Sen. Bob Casey, Jr. to introduce a bill to rename Philadelphia's VA after Cardinal Dougherty High School grad Michael J. Crescenz. Michael earned the Medal of Honor for bravery in the Vietnam War.
Just about a half hour til La Salle takes on Wichita State. Good luck Explorers!
I've asked Brian Langan and Mitch Vidovich to accept new responsibilities as constituent outreach directors for Northeast and Southeast Pennsylvania. Brian is a Dunmore native, and Mitch will be returning home to Delaware County. These two are both dedicated public servants and will help me be a strong voice in Washington and a principled, effective champion in the U.S. Senate for the people of Pennsylvania.
Drexel's Dragons have a shot at WNIT quarterfinals for the first time ever tonight. Good luck!
http://www.buckslocalnews.com/articles/2013/03/28/bucks_sports/doc515480b894094793059056.txt
The administration is seeking to shrink Medicare Advantage benefits for millions of seniors. This is unacceptable and I've written the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to find out why.
Let's go Explorers!
Agree.
ICYMI: A nonpartisan Congressional report makes the same case I did during our budget deliberations last week - that the Democrats' plan to hike taxes is impossible to achieve without raising them on middle-income families. There is a better way. Let's rein in the spending and restore some fiscal sanity to Washington.
This is very troubling news: the president's health care law will raise claims costs an average 32%. In Pennsylvania, these costs will rise 28%. This is one reason I continue to oppose the new law.
Here, my Lehigh Valley regional manager Marta Gabriel helps Carbon County residents at a casework day in Lehighton. My staff holds events like this across the state to help you with problems with federal agencies and programs. Be sure to check your local newspaper for a casework event near you.
My Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, hosted a casework day for Carbon County residents at PA State Rep. Doyle Heffley's office in Lehighton. My staff and I are happy to help constituents with problems with federal agencies or programs.
Passover begins tonight at sundown. To all in Pennsylvania celebrating, Kris and I wish a peaceful and joy-filled holiday.
Congrats to Penn State wrestling on winning their third title in a row!
La Salle defeats Ole Miss, 76-74. Congratulations and on to the Sweet 16!
Inspiring: Congratulations to Chester County's Mary Lou King on being named "Unstoppable Mom!"
I am deeply disappointed that the Senate has voted down my amendment to make health care more affordable for middle-income families and seniors with high medical bills.
Offering an amendment to the budget resolution to roll back an Obamacare tax increase on middle-class families and seniors hoping to deduct catastrophic medical costs. See more here:
Villanova vs. North Carolina in twenty minutes...Go Cats!
Senate business kept me in D.C. today, but I was happy to work with Sen. Casey to nominate Mal Mannion to the U.S. District Ct. for the Middle District of PA. Glad my state Director Bob DeSousa could attend today’s ceremony and read a letter on my behalf.
Marta Gabriel, my regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, takes part in the groundbreaking ceremony for the Easton Intermodal Transportation Center this afternoon in downtown Easton.
Glad my Lehigh Valley regional manager, Marta Gabriel, was on hand for the groundbreaking of Easton's city hall bus station and parking garage. This will be a new central hub and help facilitate more business downtown.
Congrats to La Salle University! Explorers defeat Kansas State 63-61. How is your bracket looking now?
NCAA basketball update: La Salle University tied with Kansas State. 4 minutes left...
Congratulations to Temple University on their 76-72 win over N.C. State! Nail-biter!
Visiting DC this spring? The Library of Congress will be displaying the Gettysburg Address from now through May 4. One of the greatest speeches from one of our greatest presidents...
I just voted for Senator Ted Cruz's amendment to repeal Obamacare.
I'll be on with WILK's Sue Henry at 9:30 to share an update on Washington's budget battles this week. Hope you can tune in:
Last night, the Senate voted 79-20 to overwhelmingly repeal the medical device tax created by the president's healthcare law. Thanks to Senator Bob Casey, Jr. for also opposing this disastrous, job-killing tax and saving Pennsylvania $100 million a year.
http://media.patch.com/blog_posts/media-theatres-state-street-miracles-perform-in-washington-dc
If you're in DC, I invite you to Russell's Rotunda tomorrow at noon to hear the Media Theatre State Street Miracles. The Miracles are a group of 14 adult singers who have intellectual disabilities. They've traveled from Media, Pa. for Intellectual Disability Awareness Month. I hope my colleagues in the Senate can take a break from the budget and enjoy their fantastic voices.
Looking forward to having 1,000+ employed at Volvo's North American sales headquarters in Shippensburg.
Steve Kelly, my regional manager for Central Pennsylvania, congratulates Volvo on its $100 million expansion. Steve attended the opening of their North American Sales headquarters in Shippensburg, Pa. This factory employs over 1,000 people.
According to a Commerce Department study, for every 1 job saved through our taxpayer-funded sugar subsidy, 3 confectionary manufacturing jobs are lost. I'm urging the Senate to end this wasteful subsidy.
See 3:50 on this. Good to know Jay Leno thinks America's sugar program needs reforming too.
Sadly, Washington Democrats' budget is a great recipe for a miserable economy.
What would you do with 400,000 tons of sugar?
Only in our government-sponsored sugar program do you buy high, sell low and leave taxpayers holding the sack.
ICYMI: The Scranton Times-Tribune agrees with me on the need to reform our sugar program. This program is a taxpayer bailout of big sugar. It's corporate welfare and government central planning at its worst.
While I appreciate support from Sen. Bob Casey, Jr., I'm disappointed that the Senate would rather spend taxpayer dollars on wasteful bio-fuel subsidies than support essential maintenance operations for our military. Installations like Tobyhanna Army Depot in Northeastern PA - and others across the country - play a significant role in our national security. We can make much more sensible cuts than this.
Just voted to restore tuition assistance for members of our Armed Forces. Pleased to report that it has passed the Senate. It should never have been cut in the first place.
My regional manager for Southeast Pennsylvania, James Fitzpatrick, visited Jumpstart Philadelphia at Temple University   this morning to observe the great work they're doing as volunteer mentors in elementary school classrooms. Thanks, and keep up the great work!
Teriffic news: Comcast Cable plans to open a new state-of-the-art customer support center this summer in Dauphin County. The new facility will create about 425 jobs. Welcome news and a great match.
Happy birthday to beloved childhood icon and Latrobe native Fred Rogers. Mr. Rogers would've turned 85 today. Glad he was our neighbor in Pa.
Troubling news: Senate Democrats' budget tax hike could cost Pennsylvania 35,000 jobs per year over 10 years. Our state will be the 6th worst hit in the nation.
Great win by Robert Morris University over Kentucky in the NIT last night. Congratulations!
A couple of pols are pals when it comes to doing good things for children in Montgomery County — U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey and Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman. tinyurl.com/cx6lwr5
Great visit at VFW Post 928. Talked about the proper ranking of new drone medal with our vets. tinyurl.com/c2epy4d
My Johnstown regional manager John Frick presents Linda Shearer with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol in recognition of her work with the Connellsville Area Senior High School Patriots. Linda has done truly inspiring work on behalf of our service members and the heroes of 9/11. Behind them is a piece of steel from the World Trade Center.
I'll be at VFW Post 928 in Delaware County this afternoon with Congressman Patrick Meehan and Pennsylvania veterans. Join us and wear your service cap. Recognizing all who serve is important, but the new drone medal shouldn't jump those awarded for valor.
With steel salvaged from the Twin Towers forged into her bow, the USS Somerset honors 9/11's heroes. Sen. Bob Casey and I urge the Navy to commission her in Philadelphia.
My Johnstown regional manager, John Frick, was on hand to thank the Connellsville Area Senior High School Patriots and their founder, Linda Shearer, for inspiring work on behalf of our service members. Their organization has mailed 7,000 packages to servicemen and women, hosted Veterans Day programs, sponsored 1,900 wreaths for veterans graves at the National Cemetery of the Alleghenies and raised funds for the Flight 93 Memorial at Shanksville.
Kris and I, and our children Bridget, Patrick and Duncan wish everyone a Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
The groundbreaking for Creps United Publications, in Indiana County. Creps is rebuilding from a fire in October that destroyed their old facility. This new site will get almost 100 people back on the payroll. Congratulations!
Katelyn King, my regional manager for Southwest Pennsylvania, was on hand today for the groundbreaking of Creps United Publications at Windy Ridge Business Technology Park in Indiana County. Creps is one of the largest full-color advertising printers in the region.
With District Attorney Risa Ferman. I supported the Violence Against Women Act and other legislation to assist federal, state, and local, law enforcement in cracking down on violence in the community, especially violence that occurs within the family.
DA Risa Ferman shared with me the effective ways that her office investigates and prosecutes child abuse and domestic violence.
I visited Mission Kids﻿ with District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman﻿ today. This organization helps children involved in abuse to navigate the criminal justice system in a safe, comforting environment. This is surely difficult - but critical - work to assist and care for children in crisis. Thank you for having D.A. Ferman and I today, and thank you for what you do.
We can - and we should - make smarter cuts than those that will hurt our warfighters.
I had the honor of welcoming to Washington Dylan Brown and Sarah Rudasill, Pennsylvania's two delegates to the Senate Youth Program. For their remarkable records of service, Dylan and Sarah were chosen among high school students from across Pennsylvania to join 104 delegates for a week in DC. They're also meeting the president, a Supreme Court justice and Congressional leaders. Congratulations and thank you for your continued interest in public service.
The USDA is considering buying 400,000 tons of sugar in a taxpayer-funded corporate bailout. This is unacceptable to me. What do you think?
We can make more sensible cuts in spending than severely reducing the Army’s operations and maintenance work. Ex: the DOD biofuels program, where taxpayers grossly overpay for fuel.  It doesn't make sense to waste money on inefficient, overpriced energy sources when we could use those same funds to help support critical maintenance services for the warfighter. I'm filing an amendment to do just this.
The Catholic Church is the largest charitable, healthcare and educational institution in the world, and the spiritual home to 1.2 billion Catholics around the globe. The new Holy Father Francis I has an immense task ahead of him and I pray that God will uphold him with strength, wisdom and courage to take on the challenges and beauty of his new role.
I'm headed to the Senate floor to support Senator Ted Cruz's amendment to defund Obamacare.
The 911th Airlift Wing will be preserved. It is gratifying that the Air Force leadership agreed with my contention all along that eliminating the 911th would not be cost effective. This is a victory for Pittsburgh, Southwest Pennsylvania and our long-term military preparedness.
Inspiring. Thank you for your service to our country, Mr. Borrelli.
Why is the USDA considering buying 400,000 tons of sugar? This is corporate welfare of big sugar companies funded by taxpayers. A government bailout of sugar producers will drive up prices of foods made with sugar. The result? Higher costs for everyone at the grocery store. This is unacceptable and I'll continue to push for commonsense, bipartisan sugar reform.
I support tuition assistance for our service members and am disappointed that the administration is making these cuts. I co-authored legislation last week that would have given the administration the ability to make smarter spending reductions focusing on waste, duplicate programs, and lower priority expenditures - rather than going after tuition assistance. I believe this administration can and should find smarter spending cuts instead of taking away tuition assistance from those who protect our country and I will keep working toward this important goal.
The medals awarded to men and women in harm’s way, facing enemy fire, are very special and should remain so.  It appears Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has heard my concerns and those of Pennsylvania’s service members. He seems to be taking another look. While I fully support appropriate recognition of all military personnel whose extraordinary actions make a difference in combat operations, I'm concerned about this new medal's ranking in DOD's order of precedence. Pennsylvania’s veterans and others have told me of their unease with ranking the new medal above the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart. I hope Secretary Hagel reverses the decision.
ICYMI: the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette agrees with me and numerous veterans and advocacy organizations across Pennsylvania that these new drone medals should not rank above medals for our combat veterans.
Happy 134th anniversary to Pennsylvania’s 28th Infantry Division - "the Iron Division." I'm pleased to be meeting today with the Adjutant General of Pennsylvania, Major General Wes Craig, who once commanded the Iron Division. Happy anniversary to all Keystone Soldiers. “Roll On.”
Working with PA State Rep. Stan Saylor's office, my staff assistant Jeff Ditzler was on hand to help constituents at the Delta Senior Center in York last week. My staff holds these events regularly across our state so be sure to check your local paper for a casework day near you.
Meeting with Temple University Hospital's terrific health leadership team. Thanks so much for having me everyone.
I toured Temple University Hospital today to learn more about its role as a regional health leader and major area employer. Serving on the Senate Finance Committee means helping to make decisions on health policy so I'm grateful to Dr. Amy Goldberg and Dr. Larry Kaiser for taking the time to show me around.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has responded to my letter that a new medal for drone operators and others not in direct ground combat will be ranked above some long-standing combat valor medals like the Bronze Star. While I fully support appropriate recognition of all military personnel whose extraordinary actions make a difference in combat operations, I'm concerned about this decision and the new medal's ranking in DOD's order of precedence. Pennsylvania’s veterans and others have told me of their concerns as well. This is a disappointment.
Good morning Pennsylvania. Tune in to WAEB's Bobby Gunther Walsh to hear my update from Washington:
Great news for PA: Senate Judiciary Committee Approves Three Pennsylvania Judicial Nominees.
My state director, Bob DeSousa, speaks with Youth Ambassadors from Philadelphia's Youth Network. This is a terrific program. Among other services, they offer career exposure and on-the-job experience in business. Thanks for the work you do to prepare Pennsylvania's future workforce!
Glad that my regional manager James Fitzpatrick could attend the Philadelphia Youth Network's Youth Ambassadors Program. The program is designed to improve education and increase economic opportunity for Philly's young people through internships, programs and career counseling.
NA
In case you missed it: On Fox And Friends this morning I discussed my conversation with the president last night. We need to reduce our dangerous over-spending.
On WILK's  Sue Henry show just now: There is a renaissance of manufacturing in western Pennsylvania right now. I've visited them. I've seen them. We have the cheapest natural gas in the world. Energy is a big part of how we can help bring back manufacturing.
My staff and I are glad to help Pennsylvanians:
I'll be talking with Mike and Sheinelle on Philly's  FOX 29 at 7:30. We'll discuss my meeting with the president last night and our dire need for spending restraint.
Good morning. I'll be on Fox And Friends at 7 a.m. to share some of my conversation with the president last night, our need for spending restraint and more. Hope you can tune in!
I'd like to thank Senator Rand Paul for answering my questions on the Senate floor about drone strikes against American noncombatants on US soil. The starting point must be: "We're not going to do that."
I am heading to the Senate floor to stand with my friend, Senator Rand Paul.
The White House cancels public tours because of the sequester. The federal government also decides to close offices in DC today due to the “snowquester.” FYI: My DC office is more than happy to still offer public tours of the Capitol and is open this morning to serve Pennsylvanians.
I'll be on with Dom Giordano in just a few minutes. Tune in as we talk about on-going efforts to cut smarter:
Israel’s success is an affirmation of America's success. They achieved it with the same sorts of values and principles that got our nation started: a democratic society that respects human rights, understands importance of personal freedom and the role of a market-based economy in achieving miracles of prosperity.
Addressing AIPAC, I remarked how Israel follows only the US in innovation, technological development and biotech. Though surrounded by unfriendly nations, Israel has created stability and opportunity, and lifted people from poverty. The story of Israel is also the story of America, just on a different scale.
Grateful that Families of Flight 93 president Gordon Felt has asked Navy Secretary Ray Mabus to commission the USS Somerset in Philadelphia. The voices of these families speak more loudly than any others here...
Great to meet with senior members and cadets from Pennsylvania's Civil Air Patrol, and honored to be given membership in the Civil Air Patrol Congressional squadron. Thank you for your great service to Pennsylvania.
The welfare work requirement is one of the most fundamental elements of the historic, bipartisan welfare reform of the 1990s. When times are tough, families need a safety net. But it’s the income, security and confidence of a job that truly allows parents, caretakers and guardians to weather tough economic times and ultimately return to economic stability.
Today begins National Severe Weather Preparedness Week. With winter storm watches in effect for parts of southwestern Pennsylvania, check in for measures to keep your family safe.
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day. The "father of American cavalry," he saved General Washington's life at the Battle of the Brandywine in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania on September 11, 1777.
In case you missed it ...
I am cosponsoring a bill to repeal the employer mandate in the president's health care law.
I agree with United States Senator Mike Lee. There is plenty of waste to cut from the federal government long before we come close to essential services.
I'll be on with Dom Giordano at 9:20 to discuss sequestration. Hope you can tune in:
While disappointed that the Senate voted down my bill ease the sequester with smarter cuts, I'm thankful to those Democrats who crossed the aisle and voted 'Yes.' We'll keep at it.
If the savings of the sequester go into effect, total spending of the government in 2013 will still be greater than spending was in 2012. Let's look for waste, inefficiencies and redundancies where we can trim a little. That's what any competent business manager would do. That's what families would do. This bill enables us to make the cuts with the least disruption.
What to cut in the sequester: $50,000 for a Cowboy Poetry Festival. $5M for sports diplomacy. $1M to taste test food on Mars. Think we can manage?
I'll be speaking on the Senate floor on the sequester and my plan to allow for smarter cuts at about 12:15. Tune in here:
Flexibility.
I met with Friends of Flight 93 today to discuss completion of the 9/11 memorial in Somerset County, Pa. My wife, Kris, has been very involved in this project. During the meeting, we also shared our hopes that the USS Somerset, named in honor of these passengers, will be commissioned in Philly.
ICYMI: On Morning Joe today I shared more of my plan to give the president and agency leaders flexibility for smarter reductions on the sequester while still making sure that the overall spending cut targets are met.
I’m always grateful to hear from representatives of Pennsylvania’s law enforcement community.  My thanks to Joe Regan, Chairman of PA's Fraternal Order of Police’s Legislative Committee, for taking the time to come see me in Washington yesterday. Joe is a 28-year veteran of Lower Merion Township Police Department. Thank you, Joe, for all you do, and thanks to all those who serve in law enforcement.
I discussed sequestration last night on Special Report with Bret Baier. The plan Senator Jim Inhofe  & I are proposing will allow for flexibility for smarter reductions in overspending while still making sure that the overall spending cut targets are met. Do you think president and agency managers should be able to prioritize spending cuts rather than carry out across-the-board cuts?
I'll be on Morning Joe at 7:30 to discuss sequestration and my plan with  Senator Jim Inhofe to make these spending reductions in a smarter way. Hope you can tune in.
I'll be on Special Report with Bret Baier tonight at 6 p.m. to discuss the latest on sequestration. Hope you can tune in.
I questioned witnesses at a Senate budget hearing on the sequester today. We should give the president flexibility on where to enact these spending cuts.
Great to be in Shamokin Dam for a roundtable discussion with the Greater Susquehanna Valley Chamber of Commerce. Here, I met with concerned business leaders like Thom Rippon of Mifflinburg   to discuss the need to get our debt under control.
ICYMI: From the Reading Eagle's Sunday edition:
Happy birthday PSU! Feb. 22, 1855: Pennsylvania Governor James Pollock signs the charter creating what is today The Pennsylvania State University.  "We are . . . "
A Scout is: trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean and reverent. From one Eagle Scout to another, congratulations Greg.
A very special event last weekend: Captain Joe Lamack, USN and his son, Greg, held a combined Navy retirement ceremony and Eagle Scout Court of Honor at St. Thomas More Church in Allentown last weekend. It was my pleasure to attend.
Since being sworn in, I’ve been meeting and talking with local officials in Columbia County to address the town’s flood concerns. In 2011, I held a town hall in Bloomsburg to make progress on this issue, and I am so glad the U.S. Economic Development Administration has decided to fund this important project. This grant will go a long way toward keeping jobs in Pennsylvania and protecting the citizens of Columbia County.
PA Department of Environmental Protection announces their annual 24 hour live webcast of a nesting pair of peregrine falcons that live on the Rachel Carson State Office Building in Harrisburg:
Need a new passport? Sat., March 9 is Passport Day at Philadelphia’s Passport Agency on Chestnut Street. This day only, no appointment is necessary. Prep early for your family’s summer travel plans:
A terrific visit to Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh today, where I learned how technological advances in telemedicine are enabling doctors in Pitt to extend their expertise to rural areas in PA. My thanks to Dr. Andrew Urbach, Medical Director for Clinical Excellence and Service for taking the time to show me around. Keep up the great work!
I support a balanced budget amendment because our deficits have reached unsustainable levels. It is crucial that we take serious, substantive steps to rein in our country's out-of-control spending.  The Balanced Budget Amendment will force Congress to start living within its means and return fiscal responsibility to Washington. It is time for Congress to put American taxpayers first, and the Balanced Budget Act will make sure this happens.
ICYMI, Lebanon County celebrated its bicentennial this weekend. Commissioners Robert Phillips, Jo Ellen Litz and William Ames dressed in splendid fashion for the big day.
I’ve written Defense Secretary Leon Panetta to ask why the Pentagon has reportedly decided to rank a new medal for drone operators and others not in direct ground combat above some long-standing combat valor medals. I’d like to know the Pentagon’s rationale here.
Amazing: Penn State's THON dance marathon raises $12 million for pediatric cancer research. Well done - and thank you.
A great editorial from Delco Times. We must get serious about our debt.
Happy President's Day, America. Who ranks in your top three?
Here's a photo essay of last Tuesday.  It was great to have the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette along for the ride.    http://old.post-gazette.com/pg/13048/1299036-491.stm
http://www.post-gazette.com/stories/news/politics-national/pennsylvanias-junior-senator-pat-toomey-on-the-fast-track-675764/
In recognition of his life of public service, former Pennsylvania Senator Harris Wofford will be honored at the White House today with the Presidential Citizens Medal. In addition to his time in the Senate, Sen. Wofford was an adviser to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., a key framer of the Peace Corps and a past president of Bryn Mawr College. Congratulations on receiving our nation's second-highest civilian honor, senator.
In light of his shifting positions and disturbing record, I will not vote to advance Sen. Chuck Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary.
Time to reform the sugar program. The government's wasteful program hurts families by causing them to have to pay more for food. Unacceptable.
On my way to the sugar press conference with Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Congressman Joe Pitts.
I'll be re-introducing the Sugar Reform Act with Senator Jeanne Shaheen in an hour. This bill eliminates a wasteful and unfair government subsidy that hurts families by causing them to pay higher costs for products made with sugar.
Great to hear from Pennsylvania's Commission for Community Colleges for ideas on ensuring access to higher education in PA. Thanks for coming by!
I was happy to accept the 2013 Friend of Rural Water Award from the Pennsylvania Rural Water Association. The EPA has agreed to my proposed changes in its burdensome regulations and now local communities and water authorities nationwide will save millions of dollars a year in reduced paperwork. By allowing water authorities to post their reports online instead of paying for mailers few will read, these utilities will be able to pass on the savings to consumers or improve their services.
My response to President Obama's State of the Union address tonight:   "I was glad the president tonight addressed both the need to bring our out-of-control spending and deficits under control and that he spent a lot of time focusing on the need for economic growth and job creation. I disagree about the idea that we ought to raise taxes yet again.  But if the president is willing to look at some of the areas where we can curb spending, I'd be delighted to work with him to help put us on a sustainable fiscal path. The president talked about the opportunity for tax reform - I couldn't agree more that there's a chance to really generate economic growth and job creation through tax reform.  We could start with repeal of the medical device tax, an idea that has broad bipartisan support in the House and the Senate.  Medical device tax is job crushing and costing us thousands of jobs in Pennsylvania. Repealing it would be very pro-growth.  And finally on the energy front, the president spent a lot of time talking about energy. Energy is really, in many ways, the key to strong economic growth. We could start - really kick-starting - our energy profile by improving the Keystone Pipeline, creating the thousands and thousands of jobs - including many in Pennsylvania - that would go toward the development of that pipeline and helping North American oil to flow.  So there are many areas where we can work together and help to restore fiscal discipline, put us on a path to a balanced budget, and get this economy moving again. And I look forward to working with anyone in either party to help us achieve those goals."
Kris & I welcome PA state Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams to D.C. tonight. Tony is my guest for tonight's State of the Union, a friend, and a hardworking legislator for Philadelphia and Delco.
I’m pleased Sen. Bob Casey will also be on the Senate Finance Committee and looking forward to working together for all of Pennsylvania.
Well look who came by the office today!
I just voted 'yes' on final passage for the Violence Against Women Act.
Happy Fastnacht Day, Pennsylvania. Local bakeries are ready to help you celebrate Fat Tuesday in the Pennsylvania Dutch way. Enjoy.
"With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in." Happy birthday, President Lincoln.
Members of West Lake Fire Department conducted training exercises with the Coast Guard last weekend. I was happy to write a letter on behalf of their grant application to enhance water rescue in the region. Thanks for the photos and thanks for all you do to keep Erie families safe.
ICYMI. Fiscal responsibility & cutting spending may be good politics, but most important - it's good policy.
For your coffee break this Monday morning: The NYT highlights a battle royale between two of Pennsylvania’s most iconic chains. Which do you choose? Wawa? Or Sheetz?
Yesterday kicked off the VA’s National Salute to Veterans Patients Week. Proud to support all our veterans.
With the courage and conscience he has shown during his tenure, Pope Benedict XVI steps down. He will be missed by Catholics and the world’s faith community.
I'll be on with the Lehigh Valley's Bobby Gunther Walsh at 8:45. Hope you'll tune in:
Sen. Bob Casey and I will sit beside one another at the State of the Union address. While we may not always share the same views, we plan to work together – as we have in the past – to help our fellow Pennsylvanians. Bipartisan seating at the President’s speech is symbolic and sets a civil and cooperative tone for the challenging work ahead of us. Sen. Casey and I will meet that symbolism with action in this Congress.
President Obama, there is no need to tax bedpans. I'm glad to join Sen. Bob Casey and a bipartisan group of senators in supporting a bill to repeal a $30 billion medical device tax in Obamacare.
Great to talk with Dom Giordano on Philly WPHT today. ICYMI, you our conversation is here:
Philly state Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams (D-8th) will be my guest at the State of the Union address. Tony is a friend of mine and a hard working legislator for the people of Philadelphia and Delaware County. I have been pleased to work with him over the years on education reform and job creation.
I’ll be talking with Dom Giordano at 9:50 this morning. Tune in as we discuss my bill to impose term limits in Congress:
Relieved to know that everyone is safe after North Philly's gas leak.
Happy birthday President Reagan!
NA
Sorry, President Obama, but no more tax increases for even more government spending. We should keep our word to the American people and keep the spending cuts you signed into law.
The least we can do. Let's honor this hero.
I’m proud to cosponsor Sen. Rand Paul's bill to audit the Federal Reserve. The House passed this bill last year. It’s time for the Senate to follow suit.
"Honoring Our Veterans" license plates are now available. My thanks to PennDOT for helping Pennsylvanians to display their support for our military veterans on the roadways.
In case you missed it, I sat down with the Erie Times-News editorial board. Thanks for having me!
I’ve asked the Navy that the USS Somerset, named for the heroic passengers of Flight 93 which crashed in Somerset County on Sept. 11, 2011, be commissioned in the Port of Philadelphia.
Will Punxsutawney Phil see his shadow today? Happy Groundhog Day.
PA universities will have a strong showing at the Super Bowl this weekend: Bernard Pierce (BAL) played at Temple University, NaVorro Bowman (SF) played at Penn State & Andy Lee (SF) played at University of Pittsburgh.
In honor of Black History Month, the Pennsylvania Department of Tourism is sharing info on Pennsylvania's Underground Railroad sites. Fascinating & inspiring:
The Wing Bowl is an annual Philadelphia tradition to make sure Eagles fans like me have something to be excited about on Super Bowl weekend. Will this year’s winner beat last year’s total of 337 wings?
Very disappointing: The Senate just defeated the debt limit amendments from me and Sen. Rob Portman that would have ended government by cliff. What a missed opportunity.
I’m introducing an amendment to the debt limit bill this morning that will eliminate the possibility of federal government default and ensure that our soldiers get paid and our seniors receive the Social Security benefits they deserve if Congress does not immediately raise the debt ceiling.
I'll be on with Darryl Berger on WNPV1440AM in just a bit. We'll talk term limits and my bill to ban earmarks. Hope you can tune in:
Ugh. GDP down 0.1.  This is the worst growth since 2Q 2009. We need pro-growth tax reform now more than ever. Will the White House and Senate Democrats listen?
I had the honor to be interviewed by some very courageous young people when I visited the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia for Teen Cancer Awareness Week. They asked me questions about finding inspiration and meeting challenges. I think they are the real experts in both.
I’m glad to see the Pittsburgh VA Legionnaires' outbreak is receiving the needed attention. It is critical that we ensure the safety of our veterans.
A special thanks to plant manager Amy Smith-Yoder and U.S. Steel Mon Valley general manager Scott Buckiso for taking me on a tour of the Irving Plant (photo courtesy of Jason Cohn).
I had a terrific visit to U.S. Steel's Irvin Plant in West Mifflin this morning, where I was happy to accept the National Association of Manufacturers Award for Legislative Excellence. Folks who are in the manufacturing are playing such an important role in restoring our economy.
Now is the time to pass a permanent ban on earmarks. We can't afford to allow Congress to resume this practice and play pork-barrel politics with taxpayer dollars.
ICYMI, Chester County's Daily Local News on my congressional term limits bill. Thanks for the roses!
Great to see the enthusiasm for politics from Erie seniors Kaleb Cabisca and Zach Binder. We met when they were in town for the inauguration earlier this week. Thanks for stopping by, guys.
ICYMI, here's my conversation with WILK's Sue Henry about my bill to ban earmarks for good. Thanks for having me on, Sue.
I’ll be on with WILK’s Sue Henry at 9:30 am to talk about my bills to impose congressional term limits and ban earmarks. Hope you can listen in:
ICYMI, I discuss my bipartisan Earmark Elimination Ban with Neil Cavuto. I'm thankful to Sen. Claire McCaskill for working with me on this. Congress cannot credibly talk about cleaning up Washington if we do not get rid of earmarking for good.
I'll be talking with Neil Cavuto at 4:20 about the bipartisan Earmark Elimination Act that Sen. Claire McCaskill & I have reintroduced. http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=852
Now is the time for a permanent ban on earmarks. Sen. Claire McCaskill and I have reintroduced the Earmark Elimination Act. Our colleagues in Congress cannot credibly talk about cleaning up Washington if we do not get rid of earmarking for good.
I appreciate Mr. Lew coming in today for a helpful and substantive conversation on a wide range of issues. The Treasury Secretary is one of the most important jobs in the government – now more than ever.  As a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I look forward to getting to know the nominee better at the upcoming hearing and a confirmation process that allows for a robust discussion about policies that are critical to growing our economy for all Americans.
My thanks to the Erie Reader for taking time to sit down with me last week. You can find our conversation on the fiscal problems we need to address here:
I've introduced the Full Faith & Credit Act to prevent a government default and ensure that our soldiers and seniors receive the benefits they deserve.
Honored beyond words to be working to rename Philly’s VA Medical Center after Congressional Medal of Honor recipient Cpl. Michael J. Crescenz, USA. His full citation can – and should – be read here:
Thanks to all who weighed in on term limits. I heard you loud and clear. I’m cosponsoring a constitutional amendment with Senator David Vitter to enact Congressional term limits for both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. Congress should not be a body of career politicians who have forgotten why they were sent to Washington in the first place. We’re here to do the people’s work, to solve the problems we face, and to leave to our children a stronger, safer, more prosperous nation.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to see this through.
NA
ICYMI, I shared my ideas on how we can resolve the debt limit on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning.
I'll be on Squawk Box at 7:40 this morning to discuss the debt limit and plans to stabilize our fiscal future. I hope you'll tune in then.
I'm interested in hearing your opinion. What do you think of term limits?
Kris and I wanted our children to witness this celebration of our democracy.  We brought Patrick and Bridget to the west front of the Capitol Building to see history first hand.
The sight of our three branches of government gathered together today should remind us all that we are here to do the people’s work and that we have a responsibility to solve the challenges before us.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I’m proud to report that Pennsylvania’s 1300 National Guardsmen who have been mobilized to support the Inauguration are the largest contingent from any state. As always, thank you.
In case you missed it, I was in Erie yesterday for a roundtable discussion with university presidents on the costs of higher ed. Thanks to Dr. Keith Taylor at Gannon University for hosting us.
My thanks to Dr. Steven Altschuler, CEO of Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and Liz Scott, co-executive director of Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation for their work on Teen Cancer Awareness Week. On behalf of grateful families across our state, thank you.
NA
At the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia this morning for Teen Cancer Awareness Week.
At the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia this morning, I had the honor of being interviewed by some amazing kids on the Ryan Seacrest Foundation radio program. Terrific questions from some very courageous, very inspiring young people.
My thanks to Mercyhurst University President Dr. Thomas Gamble for joining us yesterday in Erie.
At Gannon University yesterday, I sat down with Erie's university presidents to discuss one of the most pressing issues facing Pennsylvania's students and young people - debt.
A little something to remember Erie by. Thanks to all who made me feel so welcome yesterday.
At Gannon University in Erie yesterday, I sat down with local university presidents to discuss what we can do to reduce higher education costs. I'm really concerned about the cost of higher education and the amount of debt that graduating students are carrying with them. Catch WJET's coverage here:
"Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle." Happy birthday to Pennsylvania inventor, diplomat and founding father Ben Franklin.
My thoughts and prayers are with the 7 Americans and many others held hostage in Algeria.
Happy birthday to First Lady Michelle Obama.
Congratulations to Dr. Alison Byerly, first female president of Lafayette College. Dr. Byerly’s academic and administrative credentials are impressive.  I wish her all the best in her new position.
Something to consider as we work to solve the debt limit: Yesterday, President Obama said interest rates went up during 2011’s debt limit discussions. Here is evidence to the contrary. Americans don’t want scare tactics, Mr. President, they want spending cuts.
As a member of the Senate Veterans Jobs Caucus, I thoroughly appreciate Wal-Mart's commitment to our veterans.
Past spending has been funded with taxes and previously issued debt. President Obama wants a debt ceiling increase to pay for new debt for future spending.
President Obama already got his tax increases. Now he wants more tax increases to fund more bloated government spending. Not going to happen.
President Obama's claim from his press conference just now is patently false. A debt ceiling increase will pay for future excessive spending, not past spending. It's time to cut spending.
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs responds to my concerns regarding the outbreak of Legionnaire's disease at Pittsburgh VA facilities. Tune into KQV at 11:30 to hear more:
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has responded to my concerns about backlogged veterans' disability claims. I will continue to monitor this issue closely. Pennsylvania's veterans deserve better.
Patrick and I take a closer look at one of the draft horses at the Pennsylvania Farm Show.
PA Agriculture Secretary Greig and U.S. Rep. Glenn Thompson and I with representatives from the Future Farmers of America.
A magnificent draft horse at the Pennsylvania Farm Show. My thanks to PA Secretary of Agriculture George Greig
 and Michael Firestine of the PA Livestock Association for accompanying me.
A terrific day at the 97th Pennsylvania Farm Show yesterday. Thanks to all who made it such a great afternoon for my son, Patrick, and me. Happy to get out and spend time with our farmers and hear their concerns.
The EPA has announced it will adopt regulatory changes I proposed last year. A much-needed victory for taxpayers:
It's so important that we understand what's at stake with the debt limit. I'll be discussing this with  Andrea Tantaros and Jason Mattera at 10:30 today. Hope you can tune in:
I'll be discussing the debt limit and the Hagel Defense Secretary nomination with Laura Ingraham at 9:35 this morning. Tune in and listen live:
Two of my senate colleagues celebrate birthdays today: Sens. Rand Paul and John Thune. Happy birthday guys. It's a pleasure to serve with you.
Sen. Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary is very concerning to me. His opposition to sanctions against Iran suggests he does not fully understand the risks facing us in the Middle East.
Tune in to KQV Pittsburgh at 10:32 to hear PJ Maloney & I discuss the 911th Airlift Wing, Sen. Chuck Hagel's nomination for Defense Secretary and the debt limit.
Merry Christmas to our Orthodox friends celebrating today. And Feliz Día de Reyes and a Blessed Feast of the Epiphany as well.
My best birthday wishes today for former Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell. Happy birthday, Ed.
Media Mayor Bob McMahon came by to discuss the Veterans National Education Program, a standard American military history elective in middle schools and high schools for Pennsylvania and the country. It is so important that our young students learn about the sacrifices our veterans have made so that we can live freely and securely today. Thanks for your leadership and hard work on this, Bob.
I welcome the newest members of Pennsylvania's Congressional delegation to Washington: Rep. Keith Rothfus, Congressman Matt Cartwright and Rep. Scott Perry. Looking forward to working together for the good of Pennsylvania.
My warmest congratulations to Sen. Mark Kirk on his return to the Senate today. The story of his recovery is inspiring. I’m glad to have him back.
In just a few minutes I'll be on with York WSBA News Radio's Gary Sutton to discuss the debt ceiling and the need to cut spending. Listen live here:
In case you missed it, I was on Morning Joe to discuss the fiscal cliff and where we go from here. We must have a fight over increasing the debt limit and demand spending cuts. We have leverage here; President Obama does not.
The pay freeze for Congressional members in the fiscal cliff deal is good first step. But with sky-rocketing deficits, much more spending cuts are needed.
I'll be on Morning Joe at 8:30 this morning to discuss the fiscal cliff. Moving forward, there must be serious spending cuts in exchange for a debt limit increase.
One of my top priorities since coming to Congress has been to pursue policies that maximize economic growth and job creation.  Lower taxes do both. Consistent with this commitment, today, I voted to protect 99 percent of taxpayers from a large tax increase. In addition, we made this tax relief permanent, thereby establishing the predictability necessary to promote economic growth and job creation. Neither side got everything it wanted in this deal.  I had to accept provisions I did not like – my preference would have been to avoid higher taxes for all Americans. But I believe this legislation is the best we could do for taxpayers and job seekers in Pennsylvania.
