NA
ICYMI: I hosted a statewide tele-townhall last week.  Thank you to the over 7,000 Idahoans who took time to share their views and participate in the call.  Regular tele-townhalls are one of the ways I am able to connect with Idahoans across the state while working on your behalf in Washington, D.C.  The input I receive from these conversations helps me better advocate for Idaho interests in Congress, and I encourage all Idahoans to stay engaged and urge others to get involved and let their Senators and Representatives know how they feel about the issues of the day.    A number of topics from health care to our nation’s broken tax code were discussed during the hour-long call.   To sign up to participate in the next call and to listen to the full audio of the tele-townhall, click here:http://goo.gl/6BQYZK #idpol
OP-ED: Concerns with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s  proposed mandate to severely limit power plants emissions were heard loud and clear when I met directly with Idahoans recently in a series of town hall meetings.  The proposed rule threatens to impose significant, unnecessary costs on Idaho consumers while doing little to improve the environment.  Implementing a diversified energy plan that reduces environmental risks while improving domestic energy production is a far better course of action. #idpol  Read more here: http://goo.gl/Y0bphU
Interested to hear my thoughts on the many issues pending before the U.S. Senate? Have comments or questions? I will be hosting a statewide tele-townhall meeting on Wednesday, December 10, and encourage all Idahoans to participate. All that is needed to participate is a telephone, and callers are given the opportunity to ask me about topics regarding federal polices and legislation. To sign up to participate, click here:http://goo.gl/SYwp8a #idpol  Tele-townhall: Wednesday, December 10, 7:00 PM Mountain Time/6:00 PM Pacific Time.  Hit "like" and "share" to help spread the word.
7,000 likes! Thanks for following Idaho. Hit “share” and “like” to help me reach 8,000. #idpol
Good news for Idaho—legislation I introduced in the U.S. Senate, with the support of fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch, passed  the U.S House of Representatives unanimously yesterday.  Following Senate passage in September, the Blackfoot River Land Exchange Act is one step closer to resolving years of uncertainty in southeastern Idaho over land adjacent to the Blackfoot River that was cut off when federal flood control projects were undertaken along the river in the 1960s. This legislation represents the negotiated conclusion to the varied claims between interested stakeholders regarding land and water rights.  My special thanks goes out to Mike Simpson for helping get this legislation approved in the House, which now heads to the President’s desk. #idpol   To learn more about this legislation and what it means for Idaho, click here: http://goo.gl/W6vads
Contrary to the mistaken impression by some that our national debt has begun to decrease, the reality is that the federal debt has continued to rise for more than a decade and has now surpassed $18 trillion--as Congress yet again considers another stop-gap spending bill.  We must make reducing our debt a top priority and get back to work on plans to reduce our spending and reform our tax code to grow our economy and create jobs, which will lead to the balanced budgets we will need to begin reducing the debt.
ICYMI:  I spoke with Mark Richardson on Idaho’s Afternoon News about the large, bipartisan legislative effort that I have co-sponsored with Senator Udall.  Our effort seeks to fully fund ongoing PILT/SRS payments to counties in Idaho.  To listen, click here. #idpol
NA
Happy Thanksgiving!
OP-ED: Idaho is filled with extraordinary individuals who come together not only when tragedy strikes, but also to support others around them every day. We see this in the way our communities galvanize time and time again in support of local and nationwide efforts.  From caring for families struck with illness or the loss of a loved one, to mentoring youth and spending time with those in retirement homes, there are countless caring acts daily all around us.  The many people in our communities who recognize needs and find ways to meet them are what makes Idaho such a great place to live and are among the many blessings to be celebrated this Thanksgiving. #idpol
ICYMI: I shared the results of my Fall 2014 Veterans Survey earlier this month.  More than 1,000 Idahoans took the time to share their unique experiences with the VA.  To learn more about this effort and view the results, click here:http://goo.gl/dizRge #idpol
ICYMI: I joined Senator Rob Portman (R-Ohio) to introduce a bill to reduce excessive unfunded government mandates on job creators, giving them greater freedom to invest in their companies and hire new workers.     Businesses across the country continue to struggle under the heavy weight of the federal government.  Removing the tremendous burdens placed on job creators and strengthening policies that encourage, not stifle, innovation is key to the kind of economic growth our country needs.  #idpol
ICYMI: I spoke with Kevin Miller this morning on 580kido about the President's amnesty Executive Order and the new GOP majority.  To listen to the full interview, click here.
To read my full statement following the President’s announcement that he will act unilaterally on immigration, click here: http://goo.gl/aIjcbJ #idpol
ICYMI: I have urged Senate leadership to immediately consider legislation to stop the President from taking executive action on immigration.  To learn more, click here. #idpol
During my recent time in Idaho, I met with hundreds of veterans and veterans’ advocacy groups throughout the state, asking Idaho’s veterans community to provide feedback about the quality of service and care they receive through the VA.  More than 1,000 Idahoans took the time to share their unique experiences.  To learn more about this effort and view the results of the Fall 2014 Veterans Survey, click here:http://goo.gl/vGNCr1
On this Veterans Day, we honor those who have given so much to protect our freedoms and acknowledge the contributions, patriotism and sacrifice of our veterans and their families.  Nothing spoken, written, or even etched in granite, can ever fully thank veterans for their service.  In President Harry S. Truman’s words that appear next to the Freedom Wall, “Our debt to the heroic men and valiant women in the service of our country can never be repaid.  They have earned our undying gratitude.  America will never forget their sacrifices.”
ICYMI: I joined Senators Jeff Sessions (R-Alabama) and Ted Cruz (R-Texas) to call on Senate leadership to immediately consider legislation to prevent the President’s foreseeable attempt to circumvent Congress to implement sweeping immigration reforms through the use of Executive Order.  Any reforms to our immigration laws must be the product of a full, transparent debate in the halls of Congress, not imposed through Administrative dictate.  No individual should gain any advantage or benefit toward citizenship or legal permanent resident status because of illegal entry into the United States, and I am deeply concerned about the President’s intentions to selectively enforce our immigration system to achieve his desired policy agenda.  To learn more about this action, click here:http://goo.gl/fZYR8L
I am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of our Idaho National Guardsmen.  My thoughts and prayers are with their families, friends and the entire Idaho National Guard community during this difficult time.  This tragic event serves as a poignant reminder of the dedicated service and ongoing sacrifices our military men and women make to safeguard our freedoms.
My staff had the opportunity to tour the Mobile Vet Center (MVC) in Wendell. Thanks to Dan Ashley (MSW, GWOT) for sharing information about the various free counseling options offered to veterans at MVCs (there are over 300 nationwide) and the effort their program is making to reach veterans in rural communities. #idpol
NA
Diplomacy and perseverance have resulted in the release of Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi from a Mexican jail where he was held on firearms charges. I'm thankful he has been reunited with his family, and am grateful for his service.
I started the day off with breakfast and a discussion on our national debt on the shores of Lake Coeur d'Alene at the Landing Restaurant in Harrison.  Thanks to all those who came out! #idpol
Thank you to the Scouts and veterans who came out to the town meeting in Meridian! #idpol
Another strong and spirited meeting at our Eagle town meeting.  I agree, we need to get past the gridlock in Congress with bipartisan solutions. #idpol
Mayor Jim Reynolds and new Chief of Police Patrick Calley made me an honorary member of the Eagle Police Department before my town meeting at Eagle City Hall.  Thank you for the hospitality! #idpol
We had a great town meeting in Garden City last week.  Thanks to Mayor John Evans for opening City Hall for us! #idpol
People came in from Placerville to attend our town meeting at the Boise Basin Senior Center in Idaho City. Thank you all for attending! #Idaho
The members of Idaho's Congressional delegation understand the importance of agriculture to our state’s economy and to our nation’s security.  I was honored to receive the 'Friend of Farm Bureau' award along with my colleagues, Mike Simpson, Jim Risch, Rep. Raúl R. Labrador. #Idaho
Thanks to the City of Fruitland for hosting the town meeting at City Hall. #Idaho
Idahoans attending the town meeting at the Weiser Senior Center were concerned about out federal spending and our multi-trillion dollar federal debt.  Thank you for coming to share your concerns! #Idaho
Great turnout for the town meeting at Emmett City Hall.  Thanks to those of you in Gem County who came out! #Idaho
Lively discussion in Horseshoe Bend!  Thank you to everyone who came out to the town meeting. #Idaho
A warm discussion during a cool morning at the Crouch Community Hall.  My next stop is Horseshoe Bend! #Idaho
Thanks to Rep. Raúl R. Labrador for joining me for a town meeting in Nampa, Idaho.  I always appreciate the opportunity to address Idahoans and their concerns directly. #Idaho
Thanks to Rep. Raúl R. Labrador and Wilder residents for joining me at the Wilder Rural Fire Station for our town meeting! #Idaho
Issues surrounding immigration, both legal, and illegal, came up during my town meeting in Caldwell.  We do need a strong guest worker program, but we must strengthen our border security.  Thank you to everyone who joined the discussion! #Idaho
Enjoyed visiting with Alice Whitney from Zions Bank at Governor C. L. "Butch" Otter's Economic Conference. #Idaho
It was my great pleasure to introduce Governor Mitt Romney at Governor C. L. "Butch" Otter's Business and Trade Conference in Boise. #Idaho
Joined Kevin Miller on 580kido this morning to discuss job creation, fiscal policy and immigration policy.  Thanks for having me! #Idaho
Thank you, Hailey and Brian, for attending the town meeting in Kuna!
ICYMI: The Idaho National Laboratory leads the nation in nuclear research and provides jobs for thousands of Idahoans.  I am proud of the INL and continue to advocate for the lab in Washington.  Click on the link to read more about the economic impact the INL has in Idaho. #Idaho
My recent town meeting at Moyie Springs and the dedication of the Kootenai Tribe's Twin Springs Hatchery gave me two opportunities to savor the beautiful overlooks of the Moyie River in Idaho's Panhandle. #Idaho
Thanks again to Mill Manager Chris Pease for hosting my Moyie Springs town meeting at the Idaho Forest Group Mill. #idpol
Capacity crowd for my town meeting this afternoon at Rathdrum City Hall. Thank you all for joining me! #idpol
Great audience and beautiful facilities here at the Priest Lake Event Center. Thanks for hosting my town meeting this morning! #idpol
There was no shortage of great questions at yesterday evening’s town meetings in Laclede and Sandpoint. Solutions to revitalize our economy, tax reform and the need to streamline government spending dominated much of the discussion.  I am looking forward to the remaining town meetings in Kootenai County today. #idpol    Friday, October 10   Rathrdrum 12:00 PM to 1:00 PM Rathdrum City Hall 8047 W. Main Street   Hayden 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM Hayden City Hall 83930 N. Government Way
The Kootenai Tribe of Idaho held a ribbon cutting ceremony for the launch of the phenomenal Twin Rivers Hatchery for white sturgeon and burbot--the leading hatchery of its kind in the world.  I was proud to offer the keynote remarks at the dedication along the Moyie River. #idpol
Thanks to all those who participated in last night’s town meeting in Moyie Springs.  Idahoans offer a common-sense approach to problem solving that is too often absent from Washington, D.C. #idpol  For a full list of this week's local town meetings across the Idaho Panhandle, click here:http://goo.gl/S7VsCN   Thursday, October 9  Bonners Ferry 10:30 AM to 11:30 AM Memorial Hall, Boundary County Fairgrounds  Laclede 5:00 PM to 6:00 PM Laclede Community Hall, 24 Moore Loop Road  Sandpoint 7:00 to 8:00 PM Panhandle State Bank, Second Floor Auditorium, 414 Church Street
Reminder: I will be hosting a series of town hall meetings across the Idaho Panhandle this week. My first stop is scheduled for Moyie Springs tonight.  For the full list of local town meetings, click here:    Wednesday, October 8 Moyie Springs: IFG Forest Products Mill, 3082 Roosevelt Rd.  5:00 PM to 6:00 PM   Hit “like” and “share” to help spread the word.
Thanks, Senator Shawn Keough for helping to spread the word!
ICYMI: I will be holding a series of town hall meetings across the Idaho Panhandle this week.  For a full list of scheduled stops and more information, click here: http://goo.gl/AiQNnJ  Wednesday, October 8:  Moyie Springs:  IFG Forest Products Mill, 3082 Roosevelt Road 5:00 PM to 6:00 PM  Thursday,  October 9:  Bonners Ferry:  Memorial Hall, Boundary County Fairgrounds 10:30 AM to 11:30 AM  Moyie Springs:  Kootenai Tribe Dedication of Twin Rivers Fish Hatchery 1823 Twin Rivers Road 1:30 PM to 3:00 PM  Laclede:  Laclede Community Hall , 24 Moore Loop Road 5:00 PM to 6:00 PM  Sandpoint:  Panhandle State Bank, Second Floor Auditorium, 414 Church Street 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM  Friday, October 10:  Priest River:  Priest River Event Center, 5399 Highway 2 10:00 AM to 11:00 AM  Rathdrum:  Rathdrum City Hall, 8047 W. Main Street Noon to 1:00 PM  Hayden:  Hayden City Hall, 8930 N. Government Way 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM
One of the most rewarding aspects of representing Idaho in the U.S. Senate is the amazing Idahoans I cross paths with and learn about throughout the state.  Read my latest guest column about a few remarkable individuals I was able to honor during the August work period. #idpol 
The deadline is rapidly approaching for Idaho students to apply for a spring internship opportunity within my Washington, D.C., office or one of my six state offices throughout Idaho. Interns play an invaluable role, assisting with legislative research, constituent services and communications operations, as well providing tours of the U.S. Capitol to visiting Idahoans.  To learn more about the internship program and access application materials, click here:http://goo.gl/bfFxDu #idpol 
Concerns about privacy and protection of personal information are not new in our society. What is new is the vast amount of data that the government is collecting about us, and the ease with which it is doing so. Read my op-ed on data collection and the right to privacy in Forbes:http://goo.gl/2eYAgp 
For two long years, Boise Pastor Saeed Abedini has been unjustly imprisoned by the Iranian government and persecuted for spreading his Christian Faith. Saeed has been held in difficult conditions, far from home, leaving his wife, Nagmeh, without a husband and their two young children without a father.  I ask all of you to join me today in again calling for Saeed’s immediate release and safe return home. #ItsTime #SaveSaeed  To watch my full remarks, click here: http://goo.gl/WmeF8l  Hit “like” and “share” if you agree. 
Today, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office released a report confirming that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is collecting information on up to 600 million American financial accounts, and that it does not have the proper safeguards in place to protect the information it is collecting.  At a time when data and identity-related crimes are at an all-time high, the last thing the American people need is one more federal agency collecting their private financial information. 
Yesterday evening, I voted against passage of the short-term funding bill before the Senate.  For far too long, Congress has neglected the critical budget and appropriations process, becoming almost solely reliant on irresponsible stop-gap measures.  With our national debt exceeding an overwhelming $17 trillion, Congress can no longer shirk its responsibility to make the hard decisions.  Allowing funding for federal programs to go unchecked year after year diminishes Congress’ oversight and responsibilities and worsens our deteriorating fiscal picture.  As a nation, we cannot afford to maintain this dangerous status quo. 
TransCanada submitted its application for a permit to build the Keystone XL Pipeline six years ago today.  The Administration continues to delay this pipeline and job creator despite time and time again claiming to support an “all-of-the-above” energy approach.
In March 2013, federal banking regulators, led by the Department of Justice, began an operation to prevent fraud in the payments system.  This effort, known as Operation Choke Point, has morphed into an attempt to shut down entire industries of law-abiding and legitimate merchants.   I’m concerned that financial institutions are facing unrealistic regulatory expectations as a result of this operation.  It has already negatively impacted at least two small Idaho businesses that have come to me, and a number of community banks, that do not know how to react to this operation and they end up retrenching very radically. . . Apparently firearms and ammunition are not politically favored at this point through this operation.  Totally legitimate businesses are finding it hard to find access to financing as a result of this very confusing regulatory system that we’re facing.
Today marks the 227th anniversary of the signing of our nation’s Constitution. Constant vigilance is required to preserve our government, a government that prioritizes life, liberty and freedom.  After the signing, Benjamin Franklin, a delegate to the Constitutional Convention, was asked by a woman outside the hall, “What have you given us?”  Franklin replied, “A republic madam, if you can keep it.”   Understanding our nation’s foundation, appreciation for the price continuing to be paid for our freedom and consideration of diverging views are important parts of maintaining our exceptional form of government and national strength.  I encourage all Americans to reflect on our rich history made possible by the work of our Founding Fathers and many who have followed them in contributing to the preservation of our unique country and way of life. #ConstitutionDay2014
The Senate National Laboratory Caucus was finalized yesterday to promote the groundbreaking research and achievements of the Idaho National Laboratory  and all of our national labs.  As the nation’s top nuclear research laboratory, Senator Risch and I are proud to be charter members to represent the Idaho Lab in this new effort to increase awareness of the work of all of our national labs for fellow members in the U.S. Senate. #idpol
Throughout August, I sat down with numerous veterans groups in Idaho seeking input on ways in which veterans services in Idaho can be improved.  In conjunction with that effort, I am also asking Idaho’s veterans, their communities, friends and families to fill out a brief questionnaire to provide feedback on their experiences, both positive and negative, with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Have you taken the survey?    To take the survey, click here:http://goo.gl/Qzdmw3   Hit “share” and “like” to help me ensure we hear from as many as Idahoans possible.  Your feedback is invaluable as we work together to tackle these significant national challenges. 
I will be hosting my third statewide tele-townhall meeting of 2014 on Wednesday evening, September 17.  The call will take place at 7:00 PM Mountain Time/6:00 PM Pacific Time.  All that is needed to participate is a telephone.  Joining the call is voluntary and listeners are given the opportunity to ask about topics regarding federal policies and legislation.  To sign up to participate, click here:http://goo.gl/Rth16y  
Want to hear my thoughts on the President’s Middle East strategy to defeat ISIS? Watch here: http://goo.gl/YmFHgg 
It was a pleasure to meet with Andy Wiseman of the Castleford School District and Jared Jenkins of Sugar-Salem High School this week--Idaho's 2014 School Principals of the Year.
NA
Today we pause to remember all those who lost their lives on that tragic day thirteen years ago.  Our nation will forever remain indebted to the valor and heroism of the firemen, police officers, first responders and volunteers who worked tirelessly and selflessly to save lives and recover victims from Ground Zero and the Pentagon.  As Idahoans, we must also remember Brady Howell and Ron Vauk—two Idahoans whose lives were lost at the Pentagon.  My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the families and all those who have given their lives fighting terrorism that day and since then.
I commend the U.S. House of Representatives recent passage of H.R. 5078, the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act.  This measure, if made law, would prevent the Administration and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from moving forward in its effort to significantly expand federal authority over virtually all water bodies of the United States, including on private property.    Ensuring clean, safe water is essential, but excessive overregulation is not the answer.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/mhG8s3 
NA
The Spokesman-Review reported on my efforts to seek meaningful ways in which veterans services can be improved in Idaho.   Throughout the past month, I sat down with veterans groups throughout the state and invited Idahoans to provide input about their experiences with the VA, both positive and negative, through participating in a short survey.     So far, I have received more than 800 responses.  The input of Idahoans is very valuable as we work together to tackle these significant national challenges.  I encourage veterans, their communities, friends and families to provide feedback through the short and straightforward questionnaire: http://goo.gl/nnCpGB 
At a veterans recognition ceremony earlier this week in Twin Falls, I had the pleasure of presenting the Spirit of Idaho Award to Heidi Walker (pictured right), staff and administrators like Tom Mikesell and Tami Slatter (also pictured) of Hospice Visions for going above and beyond in their service to Magic Valley veterans receiving end-of-life care. Their commitment to the men and women who have served and their work to ensure they receive recognition for their service truly embodies the spirit of our great state. #idaho
Recently joined the 2009 recipient of the Spirit of Freedom Award, Bob Jackson,  in honoring veterans from World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and the Cold War. Thanks to Genesis Health for hosting this event at their Twin Falls Care Center and taking such great care of these American heroes.
Appreciated the opportunity to address the Bannock Development Corporation’s (BDC) Economic Development Conference at Idaho State University yesterday. My remarks outlined how federal tax reform would present great opportunity for job growth and overall economic stability. I am always impressed with the important work that BDC does in Pocatello and across Bannock County. Thank you for inviting me!
It was an honor to meet World War II veteran and author Quentin Murdock to present him with the Spirit of Freedom Award during a veterans’ recognition ceremony at the Idaho State Veterans Home today in Pocatello. #idpol
Thank you to the several veteran advocates who sat down with me in Twin Falls yesterday. Your work is vital to the men and woman who have served our great country. #idpol
This week I had the opportunity to spend time with veteran advocacy groups to discuss health care and recent Department of Veterans Affairs reform legislation at the American Legion in Idaho Falls. Thank you for having me! #idpol
ICYMI: I joined 580kido's Kevin Miller for a live, in-studio interview to discuss the economy, the developing situation in the Middle East and veterans issues.  Click below to listen. 
Nez Perce Tribal Chairman Silas Whitman, Congressman Raul Labrador and Jerry Klemm of the Lower Clearwater Exchange Project joined me in Lewiston today to celebrate a collaborative agreement to improve water supplies and fish habitat in the Lewiston Orchards Irrigation District and on tribal lands. #idpol
I sat down with the Clearwater County Commissioners for a productive discussion on forest management and county payment issues this afternoon. #idpol
I enjoyed my visit with Beth, a junior advocate from the Arthritis Foundation, and her parents, Kevin and Yolanda. Thank you for taking the time to share with me! #idpol
It was an honor to participate in the designation ceremony of Interstate 84 as the Vietnam Veteran's Memorial Interstate this morning and visit with the many veterans in attendance.  It is very fitting that the busiest highway in Idaho will now serve as a tribute to the courageous men and women of our Armed Forces for their dedicated service to our great nation.  #idpol
Proud to present Vietnam veteran Ronald Wilke of Boise with a long-overdue Purple Heart. #idpol
Joined Senator Risch and Representative Labrador to present some outstanding Idaho students with @theaward gold medal. #idpol
Because of the unique challenges our veterans face and the solemn sacrifices they make, Congress must support the needs of service members both on the battlefield and upon their return.  The recent exposure of the shameful mistreatment of veterans seeking assistance through the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) again underscores the need to improve the delivery of assistance to our nation’s veterans.  The scandals prove that the stakes are high: Congress must get VA reform right this time.    As I work with my congressional colleagues to address the needs of our nation’s veterans, the polices I advocate must have a meaningful impact on our veterans in Idaho. I invite Idahoans to share their VA experiences, both positive and negative, with me through a brief survey.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/C0qIZa 
Op-Ed: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency continues to rely heavily on non-public data and undisclosed models when crafting major federal regulations, including the newly proposed sweeping mandate on existing power plants and costly Clean Air Act regulations.    Americans must have, and should have, access to the science used to support these rules that have broad and lasting effects.  Unfortunately, the Administration continues to disregard the most basic tenets of science—transparency and reproducibility.    If the American people are going to continue to foot the bill for these multimillion and multibillion dollar regulations, they should have access to the underlying data.  Costly and often burdensome environmental regulations should only be based on data that is available to independent scientists and the public.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/TPdBwV 
I appreciated meeting with Emily Walters of Caldwell and representatives from Tar Wars, a tobacco-free education program, this week. Earlier this year, Emily put her artistic talents to work and won a poster contest encouraging her peers to stay tobacco-free.
Op-Ed: In March, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a proposed rule revising the definition of “waters of the United States” under the federal Clean Water Act.  If made final, the EPA’s action would significantly expand federal authority, allowing the agency to regulate nearly every stream, ditch, pond, puddle and other local water bodies.  This move threatens the nation’s economy by placing onerous burdens on farming operations and small businesses.  It also would encroach on private landowner’s ability to utilize their property.  Most importantly, this proposed action undermines states’ constitutional sovereignty regarding jurisdiction over water.  Learn more here:http://goo.gl/oKmZR5 #idpol
VIDEO: With fire season already well under way,  I appeared before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee to discuss my legislation, S. 1875, the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, which seeks to end the costly and destructive cycle of underfunding forest management efforts vital to preventing future fires and minimizing overall suppression costs.    Idaho is already feeling the impacts of fire season, with thousands of acres burning across central Idaho and residents facing evacuation notices. We must take steps now that will put us on improved footing to face current and future fires. Firefighters, land managers and forest communities deserve assurance that steps will be taken to continually improve the federal response to wildfires. #idpol   
A new U.S. Congressional Budget Office analysis of the government’s long-term fiscal outlook shows deficits are projected to rise steadily and, by 2039, push federal debt held by the public up to a percentage of GDP seen only once before in U.S. history—just after World War II.    Washington can no longer afford to ignore what has been called the greatest threat to our national security for years—our staggering national debt.  Now at an overwhelming $17 trillion, this level of debt is irresponsible, unacceptable and, quite frankly, dangerous.  If we are ever to gain control of our nation’s spending excesses and out-of-control spiral toward insolvency, we must begin work to enact comprehensive fiscal reforms that grow our economy by reducing spending, reforming our tax code, stabilizing entitlement programs and strengthening spending controls. #idpol   
It was a pleasure to meet with the Tiegs family of Nez Perce.  Glad they took the time to stop by the Senate!
Have comments, questions or concerns? Need help with a federal agency?  Contact one of my offices for assistance. #idpol
Op-Ed: Federal spending remains so excessive that our nation has retained a dangerously high deficit despite record revenues from increased taxes.   A true solution requires broad fiscal policy reform that includes fixing our broken tax code by simplifying the code and lowering the rates for all individuals, families and businesses; reducing federal spending; stabilizing entitlement programs; and enforcing budget controls to stop Congress and the President from spending beyond our means.  These improvements will result in economic and job growth, thus more competitive American business and increased revenue.  These are the reforms our nation needs. Learn more here:http://goo.gl/HK4B45 
An inspiring Idahoan and Spirit of Idaho Award recipient, Theresa Hart, will be honored through the month of July by Kootenai County.  Her critical work with veterans embodies the spirit of our great state. To read more, click here: http://goo.gl/jazs0J 
Thank you to the firefighters who risk their lives each day to protect our communities!
Today we pause to celebrate our nation's independence and honor the brave men and women who have defended our great country for the past 238 years.  Wishing all Idahoans a happy and safe Independence Day!
ICYMI: I joined a coalition of forty lawmakers, including fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch and Idaho Representatives Mike Simpson and Raul Labrador, in protesting a new U.S. Forest Service Groundwater Resource Management Directive that will restrict access to public lands and interfere with state and private water rights.  Learn more here: http://goo.gl/KwNA67
RELEASE: I joined fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch and a bipartisan coalition of senators in calling on the Administration to take immediate action to stem the flow of thousands of unaccompanied children attempting to cross the southern border into the U.S. illegally.  The President must send a clear signal to those seeking to enter the country illegally that the U.S. will uphold our immigration laws to the fullest extent.  Learn more here: http://1.usa.gov/1iSbYbK
ICYMI: I called on federal officials in Washington, D.C., to intensify the investigation into the political targeting of conservative groups by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the agency’s inability to produce a record of emails and other electronic information related to the reported misconduct of senior IRS officials. To learn more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/UNgFsd 
Op-Ed: We rely on our highways to get goods to markets both at home and abroad.  We rely on them to get to work and school.  We rely on them for recreation and tourism.  We rely on them to help grow our economy.  In a nation and state as expansive as ours, we cannot afford to be lax in the upkeep of our transportation infrastructure.  That is why it is important that Congress periodically review federal transportation infrastructure policy and make any necessary changes to ensure it is meeting America’s needs while not overspending. 
Idaho continues to be one of the friendliest places for small business, earning the second spot in America in a new Thumbtack survey.  #idpol
It is always a privilege to present Congressional Award Gold Medals  to Idaho students.  Congratulations to Matthew of Caldwell, Devon of Ketchum and Cynthia of Shelley!  #GOLD2014
Spoke with 580-KIDO’s Kevin Miller this morning about the federal government’s unwarranted intrusion into the private lives of ordinary Americans, particularly the Internal Revenue Service’s wrongful targeting of conservative groups. You can listen here: http://youtu.be/4peDW4Jhq54  
I sat down with the summer interns in my Washington, D.C., office this afternoon.  What a talented group of young people proudly serving Idaho! #idpol
Op-Ed: One of the great opportunities as a Senator from Idaho is being able to represent innovative industries and institutions that are leading the charge in tackling some of our nation’s most significant challenges. Expanding our nation’s ability to generate the energy we need here at home, thus decreasing our reliance on foreign sources, remains a necessity. Nuclear power, which provides nearly 20 percent of our total domestic electricity generation, has a critical role in our ability to meet U.S. energy needs. Researchers at the Idaho National Laboratory (INL) are helping to find ways to extend the lifespan of our nation’s nuclear reactors.  As Congress considers nuclear reactor decommissioning issues, it must advance a national energy policy that seeks to minimize cost by finding ways to extend the life of existing reactors. More here: http://1.usa.gov/1nK8w1J
ICYMI: The Senate passed the Veteran’s Access to Care Through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act with my support and an overwhelming bipartisan majority. Among other things, the legislation expands veterans’ access to care by allowing those faced with lengthy wait times to seek private medical care outside of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) system.  When called upon to serve, our nation’s veterans bravely did so without hesitation or delay. In return, they should not be forced to wait inordinate amounts of time for quality medical treatment. In addition to establishing more permanent fixes to begin addressing the widespread failures within the agency, this measure is particularly beneficial to rural Idahoans, allowing veterans living more than 40 miles away from a VA facility to seek private health services.  To read my full statement and to learn more about the bill, click here:  http://1.usa.gov/1oTrHqR
Op-Ed: Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, “The influence of fine scenery, the presence of mountains, appeases our irritations and elevates our friendships.”  Fortunately, in Idaho, we have many opportunities to take to the trail and benefit from the fine scenery and reflect on historical, nation-shaping events that took place along Idaho’s trails.  These outlets are an important part of our communities and way of life.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1s2OjsM
On this day, the 70th anniversary of D-Day, we are reminded of the bravery of the American soldiers who stormed the beaches of Normandy and forever changed the course of history. #DDay70
If you are a veteran—or know a veteran—who is having trouble with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or another federal agency, I encourage you to contact any of my six regional offices throughout Idaho or my Washington, D.C., office for assistance.  Visit my website for more information on how my office can assist you in dealing with a federal agency: http://1.usa.gov/1ovYkJk
It was a pleasure to welcome members from the Idaho Network of Children’s Advocacy Centers to Capitol Hill.  I enjoyed our discussion and am thankful for the important work they do on behalf of victims of child abuse in Idaho.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recently issued a 3,000-page set of sweeping proposed federal regulations mandating power plants nationwide reduce carbon emissions 30 percent by 2030 as a part of the President’s Climate Action Plan.  If implemented, these regulations will carry enormous economic and practical ramifications without resulting in commensurate environmental benefits. The Administration’s proposals threaten to undermine an important sector of our economy and the industries and jobs it supports and will ultimately result in significant increased energy costs for Idahoans. Click the link below to learn more.  #RegsCostJobs 
I was honored to present Theresa Hart of Post Falls with the Spirit of Idaho Award during a ceremony in Coeur d’Alene this weekend for her willingness to go above and beyond to lend a helping hand to Idaho’s servicemen and women.  Hart tragically lost her son, Nick Newby, to an I.E.D explosion in Iraq in 2007.  Since then, she has founded a service program named in her son’s honor.  “Newby-Ginnings” assists active military, veterans and Gold Star families with whatever they can.  The organization has supplied dozens of military families  with everything from new appliances to clothing, even money for gas.  Theresa’s spirit of service and ultimate decision to transform a tragedy into meaningful service is truly inspiring.
We celebrate with Bowe, Bob and Jani Bergdahl today as this wonderful news brings an end to their five-year ordeal. We offer our thanks for the perseverance of the family and the many Idahoans who have kept this vigil.  
Many thanks to members of the Idaho Falls Mortgage Lenders Association for hosting me today for a productive discussion on reforming our nation's broken housing finance system. #GSEreform #idpol
Idaho’s finger steaks need your vote in Roll Call’s annual Taste of America food contest.  Head over to cast your vote for Idaho here: http://bit.ly/1jonwBi. #idpol
NEWS RELEASE: I am honored to be named an inaugural ‘Fiscal Hero’ by the national Campaign to Fix the Debt.    Washington continues to ignore what has been called the greatest threat to our national security for years—our staggering national debt.  Now at an overwhelming $17 trillion, this level of debt is irresponsible, unacceptable, and quite frankly, dangerous.  If we are ever to gain control of our nation’s spending excesses and out-of-control spiral toward insolvency, Congress and the Administration must take steps now to reform our unsustainable entitlement programs and broken tax code.  I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance responsible solutions to address our growing debt crisis. 
This Memorial Day and every day, as we honor the brave Americans who serve and have died in service to our nation, we cannot forget the sacrifice of the many families who lost loved ones defending our country. More here: http://1.usa.gov/S8UtqS 
PHOTO: I was fortunate to meet with Mountain Home Civic Leaders, including Mountain Home Mayor Tom Rist,  Military Affairs Committee Chairman Dave Bergh, Bill Richey, Idaho’s Special Assistant for Military Affairs and Alan Bermansolo, a member of the CSAF and COMACC Civic Leaders group in my Washington, D.C., office to express my continued support for the Base and the Mountain Home community.  I enjoyed our discussion and appreciate their willingness to make the trip! #idpol
Only one of these bags of potatoes is eligible for purchase under the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Women, Infants and Children program.  Can you identify which one?   Under current law, the USDA allows mothers to use WIC vouchers to purchase nutrient-packed fresh white potatoes at farmers markets.  However, they are unable to purchase the exact same product at grocery stores.  With only 110 calories, a potato contains more potassium than an equivalent sized banana and more fiber than a serving of broccoli.  Despite its affordability and immense nutritional benefits, the fresh white potato continues to be the only vegetable unfairly excluded from USDA nutritional programs.  Congress needs to rectify this wrong and reverse this impractical and misguided rule.    Like and share if you agree.
I welcomed Idahoans representing the Idaho Mining Association to Washington, D.C., today for a productive discussion on the many issues impacting their industry.  Mining has played a very important role in Idaho's history and continues to contribute greatly to Idaho's economy.
Op-Ed: James Madison, the fourth President of the United States and arguably the “Father of the Constitution,” understood that freedom of speech was instrumental in holding government accountable.  Unfortunately, we have seen multiple attempts by this Administration to stretch its regulatory authority and try to stifle this freedom.  The effort to use the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to silence political dissent is intolerable and undermines our nation’s founding principles.  That is why I once again joined Senate colleagues in pushing back against the Administration’s inexcusable and continued use of tax policy to hinder political opposition.  More here: http://1.usa.gov/1jhyrwG
Were you unable to participate in my tele-townhall call this week? The full audio from the call has been posted on my official website. Listen here:
VIDEO: During a U.S. Senate Finance Committee hearing yesterday, I questioned Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Sylvia Mathews Burwell about reductions to the successful and popular Medicare Advantage (MA) program and the practical implications for Idaho, which has one of the highest rates of enrollment in MA nationwide.  More here: http://1.usa.gov/1mYvYe8
VIDEO: I joined with Senate colleagues today to express our concern over the U.S. Air Force’s plan to eliminate its entire fleet of A-10 Warthogs, an aircraft that has proven effective in close-air-support missions over Iraq and Afghanistan during the last decade.   Prematurely retiring the A-10 before its replacement has achieved full operational capability would put our troops at increased risk and undermine our nation’s military readiness and capability. 
I had the pleasure of welcoming Lt. Alan Cavener and his wife Jo-lynne of Boise to my Washington, D.C., office today to thank them for their dedicated service.  Alan is being honored by the National Association of Police Organizations as a Top Cop award winner during National Police Week.  Law enforcement officers and their families courageously give our country a precious gift—the preservation of our safety.
Want to hear my thoughts on the many issues pending before the U.S. Senate? Sign up to participate in my upcoming tele-townhall on Wednesday, May 14, 7:00 PM MT/6:00 PM PT. 
The U.S. Forest Service and Department of Interior recently reported that the federal government is projected to spend more than $470 million above expected costs to fight wildfires this season.  I joined the entire Idaho delegation to offer legislation to change the way the federal government funds wildfire suppression to break the costly cycle of fire borrowing.  We can protect both firefighting and restoration efforts and provide more certainty for land planners and job creators alike in improving our public lands if this legislation is made law. 
ICYMI: Shoshone-Bannock Tribes Chairman Nathan Small and I discussed our work together to end long-standing land disputes in southeastern Idaho at an Indian Affairs Committee hearing. 
Our nation’s budget challenges have forced the Army and other branches of the U.S. military to make force structure changes, some of which could affect National Guard units, including the Idaho Army National Guard.  I joined fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch in calling for an independent commission to study proposed changes to the U.S. Army.  This independent panel would analyze Army force structure and policies that impact the size and force composition.  Based upon its findings, the Commission would recommend to Congress the best structure to meet mission requirements in a time of fiscal austerity.  Many Idahoans have contacted me to express their concern that the Army’s current proposals do not adequately consider the national security value and contribution of the Guard and Reserves.  I share their view that this Commission is necessary to ensure that the Army’s fiscal constraints do not compromise our military readiness and capability.  
Use other social media sites?  Follow me for frequent updates about my work in the U.S. Senate and throughout Idaho.
I was able to meet with over 100 Idahoans this month in Washington, D.C.   Read the April edition of my e-newsletter for a few highlights and to learn more about the Environmental Protection Agency’s new power grab over water.  
ICYMI: The Idaho Delegation joined Governor Otter and Boise Mayor Bieter to thank the U.S. Air Force Chief of Staff for visiting Boise and Mountain Home to discuss the future of our world-class military installations. We held a media briefing following the meetings across the tarmac from Gowen Field.
According to a recent report, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require another $190 billion bailout from taxpayers in a future economic downturn.  This is simply unacceptable, and our housing finance system badly needs to be reformed.  We need to end the government domination of the mortgage market, re-establish the private sector as the engine of housing finance and protect taxpayers from being on the hook again. 
Want to learn more about the bipartisan legislation to reform our broken housing finance system? Visit my website to find a breakdown of the bill, along with answers to frequently asked questions about the legislation.  It is time to reduce the government’s footprint in housing, bring private capital back into the market and protect taxpayers from future bailouts. #GSEreform  
Planning a trip to Washington, D.C.?  Let my office help.  Visit the tour section of my website for useful information about the many tours my office can assist in scheduling on your behalf, as well as helpful information about additional sites and attractions throughout the D.C. area.
Op-Ed: We live in an accelerating world.  Advancing technology places an increasing premium on reading and writing well.  Quickly understanding complex and evolving terminology is required to run a household, be effective in the workplace, comprehend financial, health care and other information, get the most out of our education and use new information tools.  To ensure America’s youth are able to succeed, we cannot let up in stressing the importance of continuous learning and advanced literacy skills. More here.
It was a privilege to meet with Idahoans representing the Alzheimer’s Association today to thank them for their tremendous work on behalf of Idahoans.  Their continued advocacy for important Alzheimer’s research is critical in the effort to treat and prevent a disease that poses a significant threat to our nation’s seniors. More than five million Americans are currently living with Alzheimer’s disease, and that number is expected to drastically increase by mid-century.
I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee to call on Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner John Koskinen to put an end to the proposed regulation designed to stifle the free speech of groups that have criticized the Administration.  In the letter, we assert that Commissioner Koskinen has the unilateral authority to prevent the proposed regulation from becoming final and urge him to not sign the proposed rule should it reach his desk for approval.  Under current law, 501(c)(4) organizations, or social welfare groups, can engage in political activities on a limited basis so long as their primary activity is the promotion of social welfare. Last November, the IRS proposed new regulations that would fundamentally alter the nature of the activities that these organizations can engage in, limiting their speech and effectively forcing grassroots organizations across the country to shut down.  
Op-Ed: Americans deserve a robust, sustainable housing finance system that will provide future economic opportunities for millions of families and individuals.  As Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, I recently joined Chairman Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota) to introduce legislation to wind down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, end the government domination of the housing market and promote the re-entry of private capital into our housing finance system so that taxpayers are not in the first-loss position during the next economic downturn.   
NA
The Brownfields program has a proven track record of helping Idaho communities rehabilitate abandoned and polluted properties throughout the state, increasing safety, attracting new business and creating jobs.  I commend the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee for moving forward with the Brownfields Utilization, Investment and Local Development Act by voting it unanimously out of committee.  This legislation improves the already successful and effective program by increasing access for rural and small communities and providing much-needed certainty for long-term projects.  Read my full statement.  
Five million Americans, including 10 percent of Idaho’s seniors, are currently suffering from the effects of Alzheimer’s disease, and that number is expected to dramatically increase in the coming years.  I joined Massachusetts Senator Ed Markey to introduce bipartisan legislation critical to life-saving Alzheimer’s research.  S. 2192, the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, requests the National Institutes of Health (NIH) devise a blueprint outlining a coordinated research path forward to help Congress and the public more effectively prioritize federal resources, at no additional cost to the government, to move us closer to treating and preventing a disease that poses a significant threat to our nation’s seniors.  In addition, the bill works to reduce the tremendous cost of caring for patients diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, which is projected to reach a staggering $1.2 trillion by mid-century. Research such as this is not only important to our nation’s physical health, but our fiscal health as well. 
My thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those affected by the terrible tragedy at Fort Hood yesterday.
It was a pleasure to welcome Doug Jones, Idaho Falls resident and president of Pro Rental & Sales Inc., to my Washington, D.C., office today for a discussion on the issues of importance to his business and businesses in Idaho.
Yesterday marked the deadline for families and individuals to enroll in Obamacare, yet the majority of Americans continue to oppose the law.  I joined the Fox Business network last week to discuss the gridlocked environment in the Senate, the latest on the president’s health care law and the many predicted failures that are inherent in Obamacare.  Watch here. 
Op-Ed: Getting out of Washington, D.C., and back to Idaho is rewarding enough; it is all the more so when I am fortunate enough to meet with Idaho students.  I recently had the opportunity to meet with students at Jenifer Junior High School in Lewiston to join them for some healthy foods made from Idaho-grown pulse crops—peas, lentils, chickpeas and dry beans.  During the consideration of the Farm Bill earlier this year, I worked with Washington Senator Maria Cantwell to establish a new pilot program that allows schools the opportunity to serve nutritious snack and lunch items made from pulse crops.  Consumption of these crops has been linked to reducing obesity and the risk of diabetes.  Currently, 17 percent of children aged 2 to 19 are rated as obese, which puts them at increased risk for diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels.  Much of the research regarding pulse crops has been done right here at the University of Idaho, and our farm bill provisions will expand that research and add new marketing and classroom possibilities for pulse crops.  Programs like these are a win-win for the state—ensuring our next generation of leaders have nutritious choices and great for Idaho agriculture.   
Senator Crapo joined with U.S. Department of Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, Oregon Senators Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley, the entire Idaho Delegation, Idaho Governor Butch Otter and federal fire officials for a briefing on the projected 2014 fire season and a productive discussion on the bipartisan Wildfire Disaster Funding Act of 2013 at the National Interagency Fire Center
Another delay to Obamacare—an extension of the enrollment period for Americans to comply with the individual mandate—was recently announced, making the total number of major delays and extensions to this law surpass thirty. The Administration continues to make selective interpretations of the law to advance their political interests.   The complete dislocation of the United States health care economy, coupled with the law’s negative effects on the already sluggish economy and job market, should be a clear indication to Washington, as it is to the American people, that this law is simply not working. 
#TBT to 2005 at the Congressional Shoot-Out, held in Prince George’s County, Maryland. #idpol
Today, the Environment and Public Works Committee held an oversight hearing of the Environmental Protection Agency’s fiscal year 2015 budget.  The hearing comes one day after the EPA announced, and I strongly objected to, an expanded definition of waters regulated under the federal Clean Water Act (CWA)—a decision that, if implemented, would further restrict the private property rights of Americans.  In my opening statement today, I expressed concern that the agency has proposed funding reductions for programs that enjoy bipartisan support while increasing funding for programs and initiatives that remain controversial.  The EPA’s FY 2015 budget proposal clearly advocates the continuation of policies that create more harm than good in protecting our environment. 
It was great to meet with Boise Mayor Dave Bieter, Boise Airport Director Rebecca Hupp and Idaho Adjutant General Gary Sayler in my Washington, D.C., office with fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch recently.  Senator Risch and I are strong supporters of the National Guard in Idaho and are working hard to ensure it can continue its excellent service to our state and nation in the future.
Another stop I made last week during my travels around Idaho was at the Idaho National Laboratory in Idaho Falls.  Senator Jim Risch and I had the opportunity to welcome two of our Senate colleagues, Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee Ranking Member Senator Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Committee Member Senator John Barrasso (R-Wyoming) to the INL for an in-depth tour.  Senator Risch and I know how important the INL is to our state and region, but this was an opportunity to show a few of our colleagues the vital role the lab plays in our nation’s energy and national security.
More #snow in Washington, D.C., today, but my office is open and ready to assist you. #idpol
Last week, during a stop at Jenifer Junior High School, in Lewiston, we celebrated the passage of a comprehensive Farm Bill.  Included in that Farm Bill are two new initiatives that will assist pulse crops—healthy foods like peas, lentils and chickpeas—grown on the Palouse of Idaho and Washington.  Senator Maria Cantwell (D-Washington) and I led the effort to create the Pulse Health Initiative and a school nutrition pilot program for pulse crops.  The Pulse Health Initiative increases research at the University of Idaho and other institutions to study the nutritional benefits of pulse crops, including their ability to reduce obesity and associated chronic disease.  The pilot project brings new emphasis to healthy school meals made from pulse crops, making them eligible for the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s school lunch and breakfast programs.
Four years ago today, #Obamacare was signed into law and now Americans everywhere are experiencing its harm. Obamacare has led to increased costs, canceled plans and fewer choices in doctors and hospitals. The reality of Obamacare is not what was promised, and after four years the American people want no more of it.
With my good friend, @SenatorRisch, at the @INL earlier today. #idpol
Important work going on at the Idaho National Laboratory in Idaho Falls. Thrilled to show it all off to U.S. Senate colleagues, Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and John Barrasso (R-Wyoming).
Receiving a biomass feedstock demonstration as part of our energy systems laboratory tour here at the @INL. #idpol
Addressed the attendees of the Partnership for Science and Technology Breakfast this morning in Idaho Falls.
Another photo from our stop at Jennifer Junior High in Lewiston, today. #idpol
Enjoyed speaking with students about my efforts to include pulse crops in the USDA school lunch program. #idpol
Finished up the day with an update from the Clearwater Basin Collaborative group and the Nez Perce County Commissioners. #idpol
Honored to receive this gift from the Nez Perce Tribe Leadership today in Lapwai.  Council Members presented me with the new official Tribal blanket design for this year.
Yesterday, I signed a pledge for firearm safety at an event in Meridian with Project ChildSafe. #idpol
Thrilled to take part in announcing a new statewide transportation service for veterans and their families. #idpol
This is the right way to approach firearm safety. Glad to join with the Project ChildSafe effort and the National Shooting Sports Foundation to tell Idahoans about how they can obtain free gun locks and other safety information. We met at Sportsman's Warehouse in Meridian.
We had a great discussion at the BLM NIFC with state and federal officials about reforming wildfire funding and preparing for another fire season.
The number of people fed by our nation’s farmers has steadily risen over the years, and now the average American farmer feeds nearly 155 people worldwide.  National Ag Day was established in 1973 to increase awareness of the significant role of American agriculture.  We honor family farmers and ranchers and the researchers and businesses with which they work. Thankfully, Idaho’s approximately 25,000 farms and ranches are producing more than enough milk, potatoes, wheat, beef, onions, beans, seed and much more to feed fellow Idahoans, Americans and people around the world. 
After presentations on past fire seasons and projected cost of the looming season, we had a roundtable discussion with state and federal officials. #idpol #WildfireReform
Monday, State and Federal officials will come together for a fire season briefing and a discussion on wildfire funding reform in Boise.
Many of you have asked about the Senate’s consideration of S. 1982, or the Comprehensive Veterans Health and Benefits and Military Retirement Pay Restoration Act last week.  The measure would have amended or revised laws concerning medical services and other benefits provided to veterans and their families.  It would have also revised a range of benefits from G.I. Bill-related matters to mental health matters and veterans employment issues.    As has become far too common in the Senate these days, the bill was not the product of detailed committee review nor adequately evaluated.  The unfortunate result is the proposed new programs could exacerbate the challenges the Department of Veterans Affairs already faces with claims processing and quality service delivery.  Additionally, this legislation contained $261 million in additional budget authority for Fiscal Year 2014, thereby exceeding the spending levels allowed by the budget levels set by law under the Bipartisan Budget Agreement signed by the President in December 2013.  The sponsors were not able to identify the source of revenues for that additional spending, and the Senate ultimately voted not to advance the bill.  Senator Richard Burr offered an alternative to S. 1982 that did not violate the Bipartisan Budget Agreement levels.  Senator Burr’s legislation contained many of the same provisions of S. 1982; however, his measure was consistent with pre-existing budget levels.  Unfortunately, Senator Burr was denied a vote on his measure.  As a strong supporter of our nation’s veterans, I support securing the needed resources for veterans without short-changing important future programs as S. 1982 would have done.  Our nation is indebted to those individuals who have served in the Armed Services and we must keep our commitment to these brave men and women.  Given the sacrifices our military men and women make, Congress must provide the necessary resources to our service personnel and their families. Although we are in a time of fiscal crisis with our national debt exceeding $17 trillion, we must do all that we can do to identify the most holistic and cost-effective ways to provide the resources and benefits our military community needs.
Appreciated the opportunity to discuss housing finance reform with CNBC’s Rick Santelli this morning.  We need to stabilize and strengthen the housing finance market, essentially winding down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, taking them out of government control.
Idahoans are becoming increasingly concerned with the federal governments’ collection and storage of their private, personal information.  As such, I recently joined 11 other senators in supporting the Gun-owner Registration Information Protection Act, or GRIP Act.  This legislation would clarify existing law that bars the federal government from storing information acquired during the firearms background check process. Storage of such information in so-called gun registries is simply a gross invasion of privacy for citizens lawfully practicing their constitutional right.  It is essential that the federal government play no role in such activities, and that taxpayer resources are used in a manner that is consistent with federal policy.  The one-sentence GRIP Act would also explicitly prohibit the use of any federal funding from being used to contribute to non-federal gun registries.  Click the link to learn more. 
Appreciate the opportunity to explain the bipartisan Johnson-Crapo housing finance reform legislation to Bloomberg Television and Squawk Box on CNBC this morning.
VIDEO: Joined Gerri Willis on Fox Business’s “The Willis Report” to talk housing finance reform legislation.  We must bring private capital back into the market and protect taxpayers from funding future bailouts. 
Enjoyed speaking to @GerriWillisFBN on @FoxBusiness about bipartisan #GSEReform. #idpol #rankingonbanking
At 5:00 PM ET/3:00PM MT, I will be joining Gerri Willis on The Willis Report (Fox Business) to talk housing finance reform. Tune in.
Yesterday, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced that just 4.2 million Americans had signed up during  the first five months of the open enrollment period—well below the 5.7 million projection by the Administration and far short of their goal of enrolling 7 million by the end of March.  Further, youth enrollment, which the president’s signature law relies heavily upon, is well below target levels set before the program's launch.  The Administration has often claimed that the percentage of enrollments would continually increase as the deadline to signup approaches, but during the month of February enrollments actually slowed.
Housing finance reform must include fundamental principles that will reduce the government’s footprint in our housing finance market, bring private capital back to the forefront, and most importantly, protect the taxpayer from funding future bailouts.
News Release: Since they were taken into conservatorship in 2008, the government has controlled no less than 95 percent of the housing finance market in any given year, leaving no room for the private market to re-enter and compete. The current system is unsustainable and leaves taxpayers exposed to potentially trillions of dollars in liabilities.  It is critical that we reduce the government’s footprint and bring private capital back into the housing market. Today, Banking Committee Chairman Tim Johnson and I announced an agreement for comprehensively reforming our housing finance system, and legislative text will follow in the coming days.
With only a few weeks remaining for the Administration to enroll people in Obamacare, Congress continues to seek answers on the actual number of Americans enrolled—including those who were previously uninsured, but now have coverage under Obamacare.  But, according to reports, the number of previously uninsured who are now insured is “not a data point” that HHS is collecting.  Considering the many problems and broken promises with this law it is very important to know if the law is working for the very people it was promised to offer coverage to.
As the Senate’s lead Republican and co-author of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) Reauthorization, I am a strong advocate for addressing sexual assault and domestic violence.  Tonight, the Senate helped put a stop to the sexual violence that has been harming our military culture with the passage of the Victim’s Protection Fund—which I was proud to support.  This measure empowers victims, increases protections against retaliation for reporting sexual traumas and further increases accountability in the military justice system.  Service members make great sacrifices to our nation, and we must ensure our military responds forcefully to end sexual violence wherever it occurs.
Late last week, a member of my staff in Twin Falls attended a naturalization ceremony. What a special moment for these new U.S. citizens. #idpol #usa
In 1962, the U.S. Senate passed a resolution to establish the U.S. Senate Youth Program (USSYP), recognizing the important role of talented youth who understand our nation’s governmental functions in strengthening our country.  The USSYP provides 104 delegates the opportunity to travel to Washington, D.C., to learn about Congress and the federal government.  The program was created to increase an understanding of the interrelationships of the three branches of government, the responsibilities of federal officials and the importance of decision making.  This year, Taylor Adler of Sun Valley and Catherine Yenne of Nampa were chosen to attend the program’s Washington Week. Good ideas often come from bright minds viewing challenges through new eyes.  As we confront our national issues, ensuring our nation’s youth have access to firsthand education opportunities can inspire lasting solutions to national challenges and develop knowledgeable leadership that can strengthen our nation. 
Don’t forget, Daylight Savings tomorrow. #SpringForward.
NA
Senator Jim Risch and I voted yesterday to enact new measures to increase protections for military personnel from sexual assault.  The Victims Protection Act empowers victims, increases protections against retaliation for reporting sexual traumas and further increases accountability in the military justice system.  Just as in the civilian world, where we continue to make tremendous progress in increasing awareness about and combatting domestic and sexual violence, we should enhance the protection for service personnel and aid victims, punish offenders and deter future violence.  I have heard from passionate supporters on all sides of the debate on how to address this issue within our Armed Forces.  At no point in time was there a question of if something should be done, but rather how to address the issue in a way that provides increased support for victims, improves their access to justice and works to change military culture to be absolutely intolerant of sexual assault.  The measure was successful on a procedural vote with final passage expected Monday evening. 
The Administration announced yesterday that it would now allow people who fell victim to the president’s oft-repeated pledge, ‘if you like your plan, you can keep it,’ to renew their health insurance policies for two more years—pushing the issue well beyond the midterm elections. The Administration, in a failed attempt to fix one of the many problems with the law, previously announced it would allow consumers to extend their policies for only one year from the initial planned rollout date.  The White House has repeatedly delayed key parts of the law because of the entirely-predictable problems that have arisen and made selective interpretations of the law to advance the Administration’s political interests.  We must work to repeal and replace this damaging law with true reforms that improve access to affordable, high quality health care for all individuals and families. 
#TBT to 1988 when I was preparing to preside over my first session of the Idaho State Senate as the president pro tem. #idpol
This past Sunday, I appeared on KTVB’s program “Viewpoint” with Mark Johnson to discuss the many issues pending before Congress. Click below to watch.
The President's budget never balances, adds to the debt, increases spending and breaks the budget caps.
NA
Late last week, it was announced that the Senate majority has chosen not to produce a budget for fiscal year 2015.  This is very disappointing and shows a serious lack of commitment by some in the Senate to tackle the serious fiscal challenges facing our nation. 
Weekly Op-Ed: Americans and people around the world have gathered by their televisions to cheer on athletes in the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics.  Idahoans earned two gold medals and one silver medal.  They contributed three of the U.S. team’s 28 total medals. Olympians inspire us to push beyond the limits of what we may think is possible.  Congratulations to Idaho and American Olympians on their extraordinary efforts during these Olympics and their many achievements. 
Tomorrow, I will appear on KTVB’s “Viewpoint". Check your local listings.
Today, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) released its final rule to again wrongfully exclude white potatoes from the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) nutrition program.  USDA is ignoring legislation requiring the inclusion of white potatoes in the WIC program, and I am deeply frustrated with this announcement.  White potatoes are a healthy nutritional option and I will work with my colleagues to reverse this ban by the agency.
Idaho Senator Mike Crapo spent a week traveling the Treasure Valley, Magic Valley and eastern Idaho during the February state work period.
In yesterday's Banking Committee hearing with Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, I asked if she could briefly discuss the need to bring private capital back into the housing market. Her response: "I strongly support, and would urge the Congress to address the issue of GSE (government sponsored enterprise) reform. We've gotten a mortgage system that in a way remains very highly dependent on government backing and it fails to meet the very important objective of successful securitization without systemic risk." I couldn’t agree more. Read more highlights from the hearing below.
#TBT to 2004 when I presented the Spirit of Idaho Awards to two deserving Idahoans. #idpol
For years, I have consistently worked with many of my colleagues to enact comprehensive tax reform to simplify our overly-complex, anti-competitive code and reduce all tax rates.  Yesterday, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp released his tax reform outline plan and I commend him for his hard work and commitment to moving forward on this important issue.  As the Chairman points out, tax reform must be comprehensive and pro-growth.  I will thoroughly review Chairman Camp’s proposal and look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee to move this process forward so that the American people can have a tax code that fosters an environment to create a modern, dynamic economy that benefits all Americans and does not stifle growth.
Recorded a video message for the Serve Idaho Conference being held in Boise next week. #idpol
Recently, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced yet another round of cuts to the successful Medicare Advantage (MA) program for 2015.  Due to Obamacare, over the next two years, MA will see about $45.5 billion in cuts on top of these recent reductions proposed by CMS.  Last week, I  led a bipartisan coalition of forty senators who wrote to CMS in support of MA and the beneficiaries that enjoy these plans.  The letter requested CMS minimize disruption in maintaining payment levels for 2015.  For the 15 million Americans and over 70,000 Idahoans enrolled in MA plans, this announcement from CMS will likely mean more cancelled plans.  Unfortunately, a large portion of the Medicare beneficiary population could become the latest victims of the president’s broken promise, ‘if you like your plan, you can keep it.’ 
The deadline is rapidly approaching for Idaho’s students to apply for internship opportunities in my Washington, D.C., office, or one of my six regional offices throughout Idaho.  Students have until March 1 to submit an application to be considered for an internship position for both the summer and fall semesters.  You can visit my website to learn more and submit an application.  www.crapo.senate.gov
The other members of the Idaho Congressioal Delegation and I welcome the Administration’s announcement, made over the weekend, that it plans to include a change in how fighting wildfires on public lands is funded in the upcoming 2015 budget outline—set to be released next week.  The change the Administration plans to include is a bill introduced by Senators Ron Wyden, Jim Risch and I in the U.S. Senate, and Representatives Mike Simpson, Raul Labrador and Kurt Schrader in the U.S.  House of Representatives.  The bipartisan bill aims to maintain public land restoration funding while shifting some firefighting money to disaster accounts, therefore protecting restoration actions such as logging, burning and habitat management.  The Administration’s support will be key in getting votes to pass this legislation to treat the most devastating of wildfires as the disasters that they are.  We can protect both firefighting and restoration efforts and provide more certainty for land planners and job creators alike in improving our public lands once this legislation is made law. 
My long-time Executive Assistant/Scheduler, Karen, retired in December. Today, we held her farewell lunch and thanked her for her many years of service. #idpol
Some light snow falling in our nation's Capitol this morning.
Weekly Op-Ed: Ranking fifth in the nation, the Idaho Federal District Court was named one of America’s most productive courts.  The court is achieving this output even though it is operating with one fewer judge than most other districts serving this population.  Idaho is one of only three states (North Dakota and Vermont are the others) with only two authorized judgeships for the entire state.  Since the second district judge was authorized 60 years ago, Idaho’s population has grown substantially, and the court indicates that its caseload has doubled.  This leaves Idaho at a disadvantage compared to other similarly sized states.  The need for an additional judge in Idaho has been widely recognized for years.  Unfortunately, Congress has not authorized any new judgeships for any state since 2002.  Nevertheless, along with other members of the Idaho Congressional Delegation, I continue to press for the addition of a third judgeship.  
Very proud of #TeamUSA and #Idaho’s Olympians. #Olympics #Sochi2014
On set with @KPVI in Pocatello. #idpol
Discussed economic issues with Pocatello and Chubbuck business leaders at their luncheon. Thanks for having me. #idpol
Proud of #TeamUSA women’s hockey team, especially Idaho’s Hilary Knight, and all they accomplished.
Just wrapped up an informative tour of the Glanbia Foods Cheese Innovation Center in Twin. #idpol #4jobs
Always enjoy the chance to visit with students who have an interest in government and public service. Just wrapped up a great conversation with these students from Gooding High School. #idpol #magicvalley
Spoke to and took questions from, the Gooding Chamber of Commerce. #idpol #MagicValley
A bipartisan coalition of forty senators, led by Charles Schumer (D-New York) and I, have written the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to express concern with additional cuts to Medicare Advantage in 2015.  In rural areas, such as much of Idaho, MA plans are a significant part of the insurance coverage network for Medicare patients.  MA plans have already received significant reductions due to the president’s health care law, leading some providers to cancel plans.  Like all health care consumers, beneficiaries are looking for consistency and predictability to ensure continued access to high quality health care.  MA has been a successful competitive option for Idaho seniors, and it should continue without further reductions. 
Earlier this evening, I toured the Nampa Family Justice Center with Director Criselda DeLaCruz-Valdez. #idpol
Joined other members of the Idaho Congressional delegation and leadership of the US Forest Service Region 4 at a policy forum to discuss collaborative efforts for forest restoration.
On Monday, I joined Senator Jim Risch and Representative Raul Labrador to congratulate this year’s Idaho service academy nominees at a special ceremony in Meridian.  We are very proud of this year’s nominees and expect to hear many great things about them going forward. 
Great turnout at tonight’s townhall meeting in Nampa—thanks to all those that came out and participated. #idpol #treasurevalley #idaho
Looking forward to the townhall meeting tonight at the College of Western Idaho. Starts at 7PM MST.
Spoke to both the Idaho House and Idaho Senate chambers this morning. Saw many friends and appreciate the hard work our legislators are doing.
Thanks to Kevin Miller for having me in-studio on @580KIDO this morning. Look forward to being back soon! #idpol
Weekly Op-Ed: With the help of Alexander Hamilton and James Madison, President George Washington presented his Farwell Address to the nation. It contains President Washington’s observations he envisioned being reviewed regularly to help ensure the well-being of future Americans. President Washington aspired for our resilience as a nation of individuals who seek a common strength.  President Washington recommended “frequent review” of this advice, and his recommendation has become a tradition in the U.S. Senate.  For more than 120 years, Washington’s Farwell Address has been read in the Senate annually in observation of his birthday. As we tackle our national challenges and recognize the Presidents’ Day holiday, we should reflect on the guidance of our Founding Fathers, who loved our country as we do and worked hard to build and preserve it.
According to recent reports, many who enrolled in ObamaCare or were forced into it are now learning that there are fewer doctors available, resulting in longer wait times.  For instance, one study shows that a commercial plan would have roughly 40 cardiologists per 100,000 people, while a typical ObamaCare plan will have an average of only 15.  The root of the problem is that extra benefits offered on healthcare.gov were so expensive the only thing insurers could do to hold down costs was clamp down on providers.  
First #TBT! A photo from a stop I made at the Little Wood River in Gooding, Idaho. Will be in Gooding next week. #idpol
News Release: I recently co-sponsored legislation to prevent further targeting of conservative and social welfare groups by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  Using tax scrutiny to silence political dissent is intolerable and undermines the very principles our nation was founded up. It is paramount Congress conclude the investigation into the wrongful IRS activity and enact reforms to safeguard Americans’ ability to express their political beliefs.
The United States has won three gold medals thus far in the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi-- and two of those three have been won by Idaho natives.  We are very proud of Kaitlyn Farrington, a Sun Valley-native, for taking the gold medal in the Snowboard-Halfpipe competition.  #TeamUSA
Today, I voted against raising our nation’s debt ceiling.  Congress’ unrestrained tax and spend mentality is unsustainable, and quite frankly, dangerous.  With a staggering $17 trillion national debt, we must put into place greater fiscal controls to move toward addressing the country’s dire fiscal situation before extending the Debt Ceiling unchecked.
According to a survey from the National Small Business Association, health care premiums are rising at a crippling pace for small businesses across the United States.  Many wonder what is holding back job growth in this country and here we have a clear example of Obamacare is increasing costs, forcing small business owners to hold back on hiring. 
We are all proud of Coeur d'Alene-native Sage Kotsenburg for earning gold in slopestyle snowboarding. Giving Team USA its first gold medal of these games. #Olympics #TeamUSA
This past weekend, I had some great meetings in Lewiston and Moscow where I talked with the new Mayor and Latah County Commissioners and visited Northwest River Supplies.  Appreciate all the work they are doing in our Idaho communities.
Yesterday, the administration announced its decision to again delay the employer mandate provision contained in Obamacare.  The administration previously delayed the provision that fines employers who do not provide health insurance for full time equivalent employees until 2015.  Now, under new rules for medium-size employers, certain businesses will avoid penalty until 2016.  This most recent delay, like so many before, only creates more chaos for the American people, business owners and the economy.  After seeing millions of individuals lose coverage late last year due to Obamacare mandates, it is clear the administration is fearful the same will happen to employer-based insurance immediately before Election Day.  With every delay, the White House proves to the American people that this law is not fixing our broken health care system; it is making it worse.  If the White House wants to continue these unilateral delays then it should delay the entire law—most importantly, the individual mandate. 
Weekly Op-Ed: Last week, I joined a bipartisan majority in the U.S. Senate and voted to approve the House-passed Agricultural Act of 2014 conference report, known as the Farm Bill.  This legislation is imperfect, as it could have better addressed spending concerns and costly permitting, labeling and inspection requirements.  However, overall, the legislation will reduce the deficit and help Idaho’s agriculture and forest industries continue to provide a safe and abundant food supply and forest products.  The Farm Bill consolidates conservation programs, slashes $23 billion in federal spending by ending direct payments and streamlines other duplicative federal programs.   Unfortunately, an opportunity was missed to enact more reforms that extend to the bottom-line spending.  Thanks to the hard work of the forest and timber industry along with farmers and ranchers, Idaho products are growing in importance throughout the Pacific Northwest and competing in a global economy. 
Enjoyed being on @KLEWNews this evening with Scott and Veronica. Thanks for having me! #idpol #lewiston
The 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi officially kicks off today with the opening ceremony.  Idaho is well-represented on Team USA and we wish them all the best as they compete to bring home the gold.  “Like” and “share” to show your support.
Next Wednesday, February 12, I will host my first tele-townhall of the year.  As I said following the president’s State of the Union address, our nation faces some serious challenges in the months and years ahead.   Idahoans want to see Washington work, but they also understand that a change of course is needed to break the federal government’s tax-and-spend addiction.  The people of Idaho are frustrated, and I welcome their input and common-sense approaches to these topics.  The deadline to sign up is Monday, February 10 at 5:00PM Eastern.  To learn more about the call and how to sign up, click the link below.  
Another Obamacare problem has surfaced, according to reports, over 20,000 Americans have filed appeals with the government to try to get mistakes corrected.  They contend that the computer system for the new federal online marketplace charged them too much for health insurance, steered them into the wrong insurance program or denied them coverage entirely.  For now, the appeals are sitting, untouched, inside a government computer. And an unknown number of consumers who are trying to get help through less formal means — by calling the health-care marketplace directly — are told that HealthCare.gov’s computer system is not yet allowing federal workers to go into enrollment records and change them.  
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reported that Obamacare will push the equivalent of about 2 million workers out of the labor market by 2017, will cost more than $2 trillion and will reduce incentives to work.  Once again, this is a clear example that the president’s health care law is and will continue to hurt an already struggling job market, forcing people out of good-paying jobs, increasing the number of part-time workers and reducing wages.  
I recently participated in a Budget Committee meeting in which members heard testimony about the economic outlook for the remainder of the year and beyond.  I took the opportunity to question one of the witnesses, Moody’s Analytics Chief Economist Dr. Mark Zandi, about the looming debt crisis the U.S. is headed toward.  Dr. Zandi confirmed that the critical level of debt our nation is facing is further hindering growth and is a drag on the economy. 
News Release: Today is a great day for Idaho’s agriculture and forest industries throughout the state.  I joined a bipartisan majority in the U.S. Senate and voted to approve the House-passed Agricultural Act of 2014 conference report, commonly known as the Farm Bill.  While far from perfect, this bill is a far-cry from the status quo and will help producers continue providing a safe and abundant food supply.  In all, the Farm Bill consolidates the number of conservation programs by half, slashes $23 billion in federal spending by ending direct payments and streamlines other duplicative federal programs.  Unfortunately, an opportunity was missed to enact even more reforms that extend to the bottom-line spending.  Specifically, Idaho and American agriculture producers have stepped up to make sacrifices that will lower spending and contribute to deficit reduction, but the nutrition title, which comprises approximately three quarters of the bill’s total price tag, should have received much more scrutiny.   The importance of the Farm Bill to Idaho cannot be overstated.  But, even with its passage, we must continue to find ways to implement further market-based reforms that create an environment for growth, eliminate unnecessary obstacles for producers and continue to reduce the budget deficit. 
The importance of the Farm Bill to Idaho cannot be overstated and I will support its final passage today. #idpol
Weekly Op-Ed: President Obama’s current economic approach seems to include adding to the tax and spending increases that have caused much of our nation’s serious challenges.  His comments about his plans to use executive power to bypass Congress if Congress does not enact the policies he recommends are a step in the wrong direction.  Our focus should be on implementing true reforms that fix our broken tax code, stop the federal spending machine and control the explosion of regulations that are choking our economy.  Now is not the time to double down on Washington’s tax and spend mentality.  Jobs are created in the private sector by shrinking government and getting Washington out of the way.  Our country will continue to face serious challenges in the months and years ahead.  These challenges might seem daunting, but the solutions are achievable.  Now is the time for cooperation, not polarization and executive actions. 
The Lombardi Trophy comes to the Pacific northwest—congrats to the Seattle Seahawks. #SuperBowl #SB48 #Seahawks
Idaho, who do you want to win the #SuperBowl? #Broncos #Seahawks #SB48
News Releases: The U.S. State Department has released a final environmental analysis of the proposed Keystone XL pipeline.  The report, like previous studies, shows that the pipeline would not cause a major expansion of production in the Canadian oil sands or contribute to increased greenhouse gas emissions.  The Keystone XL pipeline would be an economic boost, create jobs and will help reduce the U.S. reliance on foreign sources of oil, like those in the Middle East.  This pipeline, which has strong bipartisan support, has been delayed for far too long.  If the president is serious about an all-of-the-above energy strategy, as he indicated in his State of the Union Address earlier this week, he will approve this pipeline without further delay.  There are no more excuses.
Army Chief Warrant Officer Tyler Wright, a Boise native, will be part of the pregame flyover at Super Bowl 48 on Sunday.  What a special moment for Tyler—I  know all of Idaho will  be cheering him on. 
Cold, but beautiful day here in Washington, D.C. #idpol
125 years ago today, Idaho’s land-grant university was founded. Happy Birthday to the University of Idaho!
Did you notice that the president had some gaps in his State of the Union address?  The president briefly mentioned his signature achievement, Obamacare, but failed to mention the disastrous rollout, the millions of Americans who have lost coverage or those that are losing their doctor and experiencing a higher cost for care.  The president talked about an ‘all-of-the-above’ industry strategy and creating jobs, but his administration continues to delay a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline, a project that would create 20,000 jobs and move us further in a direction of becoming energy independent.  Most importantly, the president stood before Congress again and offered no plan to deal with our explosive entitlement programs, the true drivers of our debt, which, absent substantive reforms, are rapidly headed towards insolvency.  While the president spoke for more than an hour, he failed to mention many of the serious challenges facing our nation that Americans are concerned about. 
VIDEO: President Obama came before Congress tonight to push a message of building a strong, robust economy, yet his very own policies of overspending, stifling energy production, increasing unnecessary regulations, hiking taxes on the middle class, and implementing a top-down government-run health care system that are weakening the economy and hurting the very Americans he promises to help.  We must focus on reforming our tax code and we have to control the spending cycle that Washington will not stop.  Watch my full remarks by clicking the video link below.
Making phone calls to #Idaho to speak with several media outlets about what the president said in his #SOTU speech. #idpol #insideSOTU
What I would like to hear from the President tonight. #idpol #SOTU #InsideSOTU
Pretty quiet in the Capitol Rotunda right now. #idpol #SOTU
Following the president’s State of the Union address tonight, Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers(R-Washington), a good friend and neighbor of Idaho, will deliver the Republican response to the nation.  Growing up on a farm family in eastern Washington, Cathy has strong western values and I look forward to hearing her message tonight.  I invite you to learn about Cathy before her address tonight by clicking the video link below. Photo credit: Office of Speaker Boehner
 http://youtu.be/nK6c0pePQTE
Idahoans know our country faces serious challenges. What do you want to hear from the president tomorrow night? #idpol #SOTU
Op-Ed: As more resources go toward fire suppression, resources that could be used to implement projects that improve forest health, benefit forest communities and enhance public safety are squeezed.   In 8 of the past 10 years, federal agencies’ fire suppression efforts have been under-budgeted, which has led to resources being taken from important projects to cover the federal government’s response to wildland fires.  We know that wildfires are going to continue to be a threat, and we can better prepare for the increasing costs of wildland fire management by making needed changes that will support the preparation of firefighters and land managers.  That is why fellow Idaho Senator Risch and I have partnered with Senator Wyden (D-Oregon) in sponsoring bipartisan legislation, S. 1875, to provide for more efficient and effective fire management and decrease the threat to fire prevention.  Importantly, the legislation would improve the way wildfire suppression is funded without increasing federal funding.  
The southern leg of the Keystone XL pipeline is now complete, but the U.S. State Department continues to delay issuing a permit for the 1,179-mile northern leg.  The Keystone XL pipeline would double U.S. import capacity for Canadian oil sands crude, stimulating the economy by $7 billion and increasing energy independence while creating 20,000 jobs.  Now, more than ever, in our current economic climate should we ensure that the entire pipeline be completed. 
Senator Jim Risch and I are co-sponsoring legislation to expand gun rights of law-abiding citizens in states like Idaho.  The Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2014 will allow an individual permitted or entitled by their state of residence to carry a concealed firearm the right to maintain that concealed carry in any other state that allows or does not prohibit the practice.  In addition, concealed carry permits will be treated like drivers’ licenses, in that an individual will not have to obtain a separate permit for each state.  This bill protects state sovereignty and does not establish national standards for a concealed carry, nor does it veto laws in those states that prohibit concealed carry permits. 
Thanks to all those who made the trip to Washington, D.C., for the March For Life rally on the National Mall.  Forty-one years after the controversial Roe v. Wade decision by the U.S. Supreme Court, I am proud to stand for life in the U.S. Senate.  Every life deserves protection and my thoughts have been with all of those participating in the rally today.  We must remember the words of Thomas Jefferson, “The care of human life and happiness and not their destruction is the first and only legitimate object of good government.
According to many news reports, only 24 percent of ObamaCare’s enrollees are young people,  which is well below the 40 percent enrollment benchmark set by the administration for the critical 18- to 34-year-old age group.  Seniors, who on average are more expensive to insure, made up the single largest group of ObamaCare enrollees.  These enrollment numbers are problematic in that the president’s health care law relies heavily on the younger demographic—those less likely to need critical care—to unfairly shoulder the costs for those that will likely be more costly to the system.  Under Obamacare, Americans of all ages will continue to see their premiums rise, out-of-pocket costs increase and doctor choice and access diminish.
Op-Ed: With the generosity of Idahoans in our communities, it comes as no surprise that Idaho ranks among the top states in its rate of volunteerism. In a study released in December, the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) and the National Conference on Citizenship (NCoC) ranked Idaho third among the states for volunteerism and civic engagement. It is clear that many Idahoans and Americans across this nation contribute significant time to easing the burdens of others.  Through this work, they are spreading kindness in our communities and they are inspiring the good actions of others.
Today, we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and everything he did for the civil rights movement.
Oklahoma Senator Dr. Tom Coburn has announced that he will retire from the U.S. Senate at the end of the year.  Tom’s spirit of service and sacrifice for his constituents and taxpayers across the country is unmatched.  He has devoted his career in Congress to promoting fiscal responsibility by showing the American people the waste, fraud and abuse that should be eliminated in the federal government.  I have had the opportunity to work directly with Tom on the president’s National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform, and later the bipartisan Gang of Six, and can attest to his earnestness in confronting our ever-increasing national debt and unrestrained federal spending.  The U.S. Senate and the people of Oklahoma will lose an outstanding legislator when Tom leaves Washington at the end of the year.  I will miss his passion, counsel and friendship, but I wish him nothing but the best as he returns to his beloved Oklahoma.
Last night, the Senate voted 72-26 to pass the $1.1 trillion omnibus appropriations bill, which cleared the House a little more than 24 hours earlier.  Idaho Senator Jim Risch and I opposed the spending package.  The U.S. federal debt is well over $17 trillion dollars, a staggering $55,000 per person.  The federal government has been fiscally irresponsible for far too long and unfortunately, this bill continues this practice.  For the people of Idaho, that means an expiration of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program, or PILT.  Idaho’s rural communities will be severely impacted without these funds, and I am committed to working with Senator Risch and others to rectify this omission of PILT.
This morning, I participated in a Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hearing entitled, “Review of the President’s Climate Action Plan.”  President Obama announced his Climate Action Plan last summer which, according to the administration, aims to cut emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, and strives to encourage adaptation to expected climate change.  While I agree on the need for continued research in the field of climate science to gain the necessary knowledge needed to implement effective policies dealing with the globe’s changing temperatures, I find the recent climate change proposals issued by President Obama to be flawed.  The plan will have severe economic consequences without measurable environmental benefits if fully implemented.  Further, they outlined proposals would undermine the utilization of our own traditional, affordable sources of energy and increase the cost of electricity for consumers.  Watch my full opening statement, by clicking the video below. 
News Release: A bipartisan coalition of senators, including fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch, and I are sending a letter to the leadership of the Farm Bill conference committee requesting that funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) Program be included in the final Farm Bill conference report.  Counties across the country, particularly those containing significant federal landholdings rely on PILT funds as sizable percentage of their budgets.  Many of the same rural counties that rely on programs in the Farm Bill also depend of PILT to sustain their economies and serve their citizens.  Without an extension of PILT, rural counties will struggle to fund the most basic of services such as emergency response, fire protection and law enforcement.
A beautiful picture taken from the U.S. Capitol looking out at the Washington Monument. Photo credit: U.S. Capitol photographers
A U.S. Air Force Pave Hawk helicopter crashed in the coastal marshes of eastern England during a training mission last week.  Sadly, one of those on board was Staff Sergeant Afton (Thornton) Ponce, a native of Post Falls, Idaho, who lost her life.  My prayers go out to Staff Sgt. Ponce’s family and friends as they grieve this heartbreaking loss.
The Obama administration has announced that 6 million people have health insurance through Obamacare, but some news reports indicate these numbers are not exactly accurate.  Click the link below to find out exactly where these numbers are coming from.
While I support ensuring the safety of our water and food supplies, we must also ensure that any new food safety measure reasonably address the problem without burdening producers and crippling production.  For this reason, I was pleased to learn that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) took a welcome step in announcing it would revise provisions of its proposed fresh produce rules that have raised much concern for Idaho’s producers and farms across the nation.  This proposed rule for growing, harvesting, packing and holding fresh produce has among its requirements, weekly testing of all agricultural water at a cost of $35 to $40 per week.  The FDA estimates that the cost of implementing that rule would cost a producer approximately $5,000 to $30,600 per farm, depending on size, with a total industry cost of $460 million.
Condolences to the nation of Israel on the passing of former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. Prime Minister Sharon dedicated his life to military and government service in Israel and was a great friend to the U.S.
The beginning of a new year brings a new group of interns to my DC office, and I had the opportunity to visit with them during their first week on the job.
NA
Despite claims by the administration that Obamacare is slowing health care spending, there are stronger indications that the trend is due to the sluggish economy.  Health care spending increased 3.7 percent in 2012 to $2.8 trillion, according to an analysis released Monday by the Office of the Actuary at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, marking the fourth consecutive year of the slowest rates recorded in the 53-year history of the National Health Expenditure Accounts.
The average temperature in the U.S. at 8 a.m. EST was 13.9 degrees.  Stay warm everyone!
Another victory for Idahoans!  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) agreed to change the National School Lunch and Breakfast Program requirements to allow more flexibility with calorie caps.  Last year, the USDA issued a rule restricting how many calories a child could consume by changing school lunch menus, but many of my colleagues and I argued that this simply went too far.  School districts should have flexibility over their lunch programs without overreach from the federal government.
Weekly Op-Ed: According to the Idaho State Department of Agriculture, Idahoans produce more than 185 different agricultural commodities.  Idahoans are selling these agricultural commodities here in the U.S. and are helping Idaho rank among leading states in providing agricultural goods to people around the world.  Agricultural sales abroad support jobs and are an enormous benefit to Idaho’s economy.  The sales abroad are made possible because Idaho’s farms and ranches produce more high-quality agricultural products than can be consumed by Idahoans.  They are able to share this bounty with families around the world through entrepreneurship and hard work, especially considering the mounting pressures on farm and ranch land.  To ensure that more of Idaho’s high-quality food is able to reach those who need it, we must create a supporting environment for growth and eliminate unnecessary obstacles.
Obamacare--more Americans have had their health insurance plan canceled than the total number of people who have enrolled. Over 4.7 million Americans have received cancellation notices under the president’s signature law, the Associated Press reports, but U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) confirmed Tuesday that between the federal and state exchanges, just two million Americans have signed up for Obamacare coverage.
Happy New Year! I wish all of you a safe, happy and blessed 2014!
The United States Capitol Dome is beginning a major restoration project and now you can view the project through an animated video. This animation shows a rendering of what the Dome will look like during the project as the scaffolding is installed and removed.
Idaho food producers received welcome news that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will revise key provisions of its fresh produce rules after it deemed the new water quality and manure standards unworkable.  I have repeatedly pressed the FDA for revisions since the draft rules were released pursuant to the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011. The announcement from the FDA is not only a victory for Idaho’s farmers and ranchers, but more importantly a victory for consumers across the state and country. I call on the administration to take a vastly different approach in addressing the needs of both small and mid-sized farms and ranches.
Merry Christmas!
The Boise State Broncos are taking on Oregon State tonight in the Sheraton Hawaii Bowl. Go Broncos!
Weekly Op-Ed: The five Native American tribes of Idaho—the Coeur d’Alene, Kootenai, Nez Perce, Shoshone-Bannock and Shoshone-Paiute—contribute to Idaho’s rich culture and are intrinsic to Idaho’s history and development. In recognition of their important role in our communities, for the past five years, I have supported legislation to celebrate the heritages of Native Americans and their contributions to the United States. The Native American Tribes in Idaho have contributed much to our state`s complex history, our culture and our economy and will continue to do so.
Idaho has lost a great friend and advocate. Bethine Church had a way to mix civility with politics that is too often forgotten on the national scene. I will miss her input and charm and I join with all Idahoans in mourning the passing of this Idaho legend.
The Peace Corps organization announced recently that out of 50 states Idaho comes in at No. 7 with the highest number of peace corp volunteers.  This is the second year Idaho ranks in the top 10 with the highest number of volunteers. The state went from being No. 10 to No. 7 in one year.  This is a wonderful testament to the great people of the Gem State and our sense of volunteerism and devotion to helping others.
ICYMI: I called on U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to provide detailed information about current and projected premium rates under Obamacare after questioning the secretary during a U.S. Senate Finance committee hearing in which she could not deny that premiums are on the rise.  President Obama repeatedly promised premiums would go down by $2,500 for the average family.  As we now know, this is simply not the case.  The administration’s continued efforts to further sell the president’s signature health care law to the public by making misleading claims and comparisons is only hurting Idahoans and the American people.  In order to fully understand the serious impacts this law is having on our health care system and economy, it is essential we have updated and transparent information from the administration.  All Senate Finance Republicans joined me in asking that the president and HHS be forthcoming with actual premium rate data post-enactment of Obamacare. Moreover, the health care law has increased taxes, forced millions of Americans from health insurance plans and doctors they had and liked, ballooned out-of-pocket expenses, cut Medicare services and undermined the employer-based health insurance market that so many families rely upon.
I sent a letter to top financial regulators regarding the Volcker Rule, a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act that was finalized last week, concerning its unintended consequences and negative impact on community banks.  Read more below.
Earlier today, I spoke via videoconference with conservation, wildlife and sportsmen leaders in Idaho about the important role they play in our state.
Earlier this month,  the U.S. Air Force Band had an impromptu performance in the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., to promote the upcoming 29 shows of their annual holiday series.  If you have not seen the video,  I encourage you to check it out by clicking the link below.
The administration continues to tout Obamacare, despite the many rollout problems, claiming that the law will lower costs and provide access to quality care for all Americans.  As I predicated during the debate of the president’s troubled health care law, this has not been the case.  Instead,  millions have faced canceled coverage and the ability to choose a plan that fits their specific needs and the needs of their families.  What is the administration not saying about Obamacare?  They are not discussing the many problems Americans have yet to face under Obamamcare--limited choice when choosing a physician, longer waits to see their doctor and vast increases in premium and deductible rates.
I will oppose the budget agreement that the U.S. will hold a procedural vote on this morning. Unfortunately, the deal fits into the same old pattern of the federal government spending today and promising to cut tomorrow. This is the wrong direction for fiscal policy and I cannot support this agreement.
Weekly Op-Ed: Our water is one of our greatest resources.  Access to clean, abundant water is fundamental to our economic well-being and critical to communities, economic development, agriculture, commerce, transportation, recreation and energy.  I recently joined 29 of my Senate colleagues in once again opposing efforts to expand the federal government’s jurisdiction over our waters.  From my time practicing water law, I understand all too well the impact of an overly-aggressive interpretation of the Clean Water Act that goes well beyond congressional intent.  The administration’s efforts to control more of our water represent a blatant expansion of government regulatory power over Idaho’s water sovereignty and private property rights.  I will continue to push back against this intrusion that could negatively impact farms, ranches, small businesses and property owners and hinder economic development.
During the same Banking Committee hearing on Iran sanctions, I asked Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman, one of the top negotiators on Iran sanctions, why it was that in the run-up to the October talks, the United States released a convicted Iranian proliferator from a California prison, but had no relief for our detained Americans?  In fact, during that time, Pastor Saeed Abedini was transferred to one of the worst prisons in Iran.  Why have we not made progress in the context of the release of our own citizens when we are releasing Iranian prisoners who are known proliferators? Watch the full exchange here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tzq0nFUKow&feature=youtu.be
I was very disappointed to learn that the release of Idaho’s own Pastor Saeed Abedini, and other Americans unjustly held by the Iranian regime, were not made part of the interim agreement on Iran's nuclear program.  I could not imagine a better confidence-building measure on Iran’s part than for the regime to reflect some degree of humanity and principled justice by releasing these brave Americans.  As the administration embarks toward a final agreement, every effort must be made to bring Pastor Abedini and his fellow Americans home where they belong.  Read my full opening statement from today’s Banking Committee hearing on Iran sanctions here: http://1.usa.gov/1bzZtdy
International organizations like the United Nations (UN) cannot deny American citizens the right to bear arms. We must protect and preserve this constitutional right.  That is why I previously joined 49 of my Senate colleagues in writing to President Obama to express strong concerns about his decision to sign the UN’s Arms Trade Treaty. We conveyed our opposition to ratification of this treaty and that we do not regard the U.S. as bound to uphold the treaty’s purpose.    The Second Amendment reads: "A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." I firmly believe this provision prohibits the federal government and the United Nations from denying citizens this right.  I will continue to protect our rights guaranteed under the Second Amendment. To read my op-ed and to learn more about my position on the UN Arms Trade Treaty, click the link below.
I am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Nelson Mandela. What a life this man lived! He is an example to each and every one of us. I join the whole world in mourning the loss of this great leader.
News Release: The increasing amount of burdensome regulations from Washington are putting unneeded stress on producers and processors.  Senator Jim Risch and I recently joined a bicameral letter to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), requesting that the FDA propose and submit a second set of proposed rules for public comment before issuing final rules in compliance with the Food Safety Modernization Act.  Previously, the FDA extended the comment period on the proposed rules to November 15, 2013.  Not only will these new regulations greatly affect Idaho’s agricultural community, but consumers will see higher prices as a result of the drop in food production.  I support ensuring the safety of our food supply, but we must be reasonable in our approach and ensure that any needed remedies are tailored to properly address the problem.    On January 4, 2013, the FDA issued a proposed rule for growing, harvesting, packing and holding fresh produce.  Among its requirements, the proposed rule would require weekly testing of all agricultural water at a cost of $35 to $40 per week.  If levels of coliform bacteria exceed the FDA’s stringent standard, the farmer must cease irrigation until the water is in compliance, running a high risk of ruining a crop.  The FDA estimates that the cost of implementation will cost a producer approximately $5,000 to $30,600 per farm, depending on size, with a total industry cost of $460 million.
One of the most iconic structures in the United States turned 150 years old this week.  The U.S. Capitol Dome was completed 150 years ago when the Statue of Freedom was placed at the top of the dome.  The statue depicts a female figure wearing a military helmet and holding a sheathed sword in her right hand and a laurel wreath and shield in her left.  CBS’ 60 Minutes did a story about the Capitol Dome, its history and the future. I  encourage all of you to watch the video by following the link below.
The 2013 Capitol Christmas Tree is a glow. The tree came from Washington and made a stop in Idaho on its way to Washington, D.C. - Staff
Tis’ the season—@CapitolTree2013 lighting ceremony. - Staff
The actions taken by the majority party in the U.S. Senate a few weeks ago to change the Senate rules by breaking the Senate rules, there has been a lot of discussion about what the short and long-term implications of these maneuvers will be.  My colleague and friend from Tennessee, Senator Lamar Alexander, wrote an excellent piece that was featured in the Washington Post that analyzes the direction the majority is taking the U.S. Senate.  Ultimately, this vote was not about a change to the filibuster; rather it provides an avenue for the majority party to do whatever it wants from judicial nominees to executive appointments and my fear, in the very-near future, legislation.  The Majority Leader based this rules change on a baseless claim that Republicans in the Senate are unfairly blocking nominations, but according to the Congressional Research Service, Obama’s second-term Cabinet nominees have been confirmed at about the same pace as those of Presidents Clinton and Bush.  As former Senator Arthur Vandenberg once noted, “if a majority of the Senate can change its rules at any time, there are no rules.
Weekly Op-Ed: Leading up to enactment of Obamacare there was much debate on health care alternatives.  Most agreed then, and continue to agree, that reforms are needed.  What we have now are wrong-headed policies based on misguided beliefs that government bureaucracy would improve health care.  We must turn to achievable reforms that result in the affordable health care and improved access to quality care that Americans want and deserve.  A successful health care system would enable Americans to choose plans that fit specific needs and those of their families.  Instead of giving the government more power over health care, individual patients must have more control, choice and information to make their health care decisions.
Happy Thanksgiving! My thoughts are with Pastor Saeed Abedini and Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl today and we continue to pray for their safe return.
Obamacare’s problems continue to mount. The majority party’s signature health care law faced yet another round of delays last week.  Most notable—the one month delay for the opening of enrollment for insurance beginning in 2015. This new delay means that many consumers may not see the premium prices for plans until after congressional elections in early November 2014. Click below to learn more about the delays.
This Thanksgiving and throughout the holidays, we will join together with family and friends to celebrate our many blessings.  Unfortunately, many Idahoans are spending the holidays separated from their loved ones.  Included among them are Boise Pastor Saeed Abedini and Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl of Hailey, Idaho.  This Thanksgiving, as we join together to enjoy a meal and companionship, let us be thankful for our ability to be with our loved ones, particularly as there are many Idahoans unable to do so.  As I count my blessings this Thanksgiving, I will continue to pray for Bowe, Saeed and the numerous Idaho military service members who are far from home and their families.  I look forward to the day when we can welcome them all home safely.
Fifty years ago today, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas—a tragedy that shocked the nation and the world.  As many others do, I vividly recall where I was on that fateful day—sitting in English class at O.E. Bell Jr. High School in Idaho Falls. I remember my teacher’s instant emotional reaction as she announced to the class what had happened and the somberness that surrounded the day and the days following. Even as a young person, I quickly understood the enormity of what had just transpired.
News Release: Senator Michael Bennet (D-Colorado) and I have filed our Prepare, Ready, Equip, and Prevent Areas at-Risk of Emergency (PREPARE) Wildfires Act as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, which the Senate is currently considering.  Introduced in August, the deficit-neutral PREPARE Act would create a competitive grants program to provide targeted investments to state and local officials for mitigation and preparedness projects.  The pilot program would be part of FEMA’s Pre-Disaster Mitigation fund.  Instead of waiting until more towns are evacuated, homes threatened and our firefighters lives put at risk, the U.S. Senate has an opportunity to pass the PREPARE Act amendment to help states like Idaho reduce and prevent catastrophic fires.
Today's invoking of the Nuclear Option by the Senate Majority is a terrible thing for the Senate, but more importantly for the entire country.  Breaking the rules to change the rules sets a dangerous precedent, discounting the filibuster and thus the rights of the future minorities in the Senate. Before this current movement to ‘fill up the D.C. Circuit one way or another,’ the Senate had confirmed about 200 of the president’s judicial nominees and rejected a grand total of 2. That’s a confirmation rate of 99%.  The Senate has a duty to advise and consent on nominations. If advise and consent is to mean anything at all, occasionally consent will not be given.
News Release: Five years ago, the Fed commenced its unprecedented monetary policy, aggressively pursuing quantitative easing and holding interest rates near or at zero percent.  Those policies led to a $4 trillion dollar balance sheet, now totaling almost one-quarter of the U.S. economic output.  These unconventional and untested policies continue unabated as the Fed continues to purchase $85 billion of securities per month.  Since joining the Board as Vice Chair, Dr. Janet Yellen continues to promote the policies that led me to vote against her initially.  At her nomination hearing, she gave no indication that a prompt return to normalized policy was on the horizon.  For that reason, I cannot support Dr. Yellen to be the next chair of the Federal Reserve.
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told me a few weeks ago at a Finance Committee hearing that insurance premiums are 16 percent lower than the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) projected.  The Washington Post Fact Checker gave her two Pinocchios for her misleading claim.
Since its launch, the federal health care exchange website has been plagued with glitches and problems and is not functioning properly for the vast majority of users.  The administration claimed that the website would be fixed by November 30th.  It now appears that this is another broken promise.  Yesterday, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said the website would “still be a work in progress beyond the end of the month.
News Release: I have joined Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-New Hampshire), Roy Blunt (R-Missouri) and Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) to introduce an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, for Fiscal Year 2014, aimed at preventing the Air Force from prematurely retiring the A-10 Thunderbolt II.  The senators amendment would prevent the Air Force from retiring any additional A-10s until the Air Force certifies that it has a sufficient number of fully operationally capable F-35As to replace the retiring A-10s and to meet combatant commander close air support requirements.  The amendment also requires the non-partisan Government Accountability Office (GAO) to verify the Air Force’s certification.  A decision to prematurely divest the A-10’s would increase risk to our national security and would have a significant impact on the future of Idaho’s Air Guard.
Spoke via Skype with the Henry's Fork Watershed Council on the 20th anniversary of their founding. The council has made significant milestones over the last 20 years on collaborative efforts to ensure the sustainability of the watershed. #idpol
“…that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.” President Abraham Lincoln gave the Gettysburg Address 150 years ago today at the dedication of the Soldiers’ National Cemetery in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.  Lincoln spoke for just over two minutes, but the powerful message of equality and freedom must never be forgotten.  Today we honor one of the greatest speeches ever given, and the man who gave it, our sixteenth president, Abraham Lincoln.
Weekly Op-Ed: Each year, on Veterans Day, as we honor the men and women who protect our freedoms, I have the great honor of awarding some of these remarkable individuals with the Spirit of Freedom: Idaho Veterans Service Award.  Since November of 2002 when the first Spirit of Freedom Awards were presented, 186 Spirit of Freedom Awards have been bestowed.  I am always inspired by the remarkable individuals we have living in our communities.  We are blessed to live and work among those who are continually thinking about how they can help ease the challenges others face  They commit precious time and resources to helping others and strengthening our nation.  They make a difference in the lives of those they assist and those they move to follow their examples of selfless service.
I joined Bloomberg TV’s Peter Cook and Stephanie Ruhle to discuss my concerns with the Federal Reserve and the current Fed Chair nominee, Janet Yellen. The Fed’s unconventional monetary policy is dangerous for the economy, continues the consolidation of wealth and deters from efforts to deal with the fiscal crisis in Washington.
Several Idaho veterans and volunteers were recognized at a ceremony in Boise on Monday. #idpol #veteransday  #usa
I spoke on the Senate floor today to share the experiences of Jennifer and Kelly, both from Idaho, who are among the millions Americans facing new hardships as a result of the health care law. Over 100,000 in Idaho have received cancelation notices announcing their current health plans are being discontinued despite the oft-repeated promise that Obamacare would protect existing plans. Americans are angry that the government is forcing them out of the coverage they like and works for them.  The president’s announcement today gives only some Americans an additional year of relief from the failures of Obamacare, but it leaves the law on the books and doesn’t address the tax hikes, the vastly escalating insurance rates or other problems.  Idahoans and the American people want a permanent solution for these drops in coverage, not a temporary fix that exacerbates public confusion about Obamacare.  Watch the video below.
Banking Committee Ranking Member Crapo delivers his opening remarks at the nomination hearing of Janet Yellen to lead the #Fed. #idpol - Staff
This morning, at the second public meeting of the Senate-House Budget Conference, the committee heard from the head of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) Doug Elmendorf.  Director Elmendorf confirmed in his opening testimony that we are on an unsustainable path with our growing debt.  Along with building on the spending cuts that have already been achieved, a top priority right now must be to enact pro-growth tax reform that flattens the base and lowers the rates.  Director Elmendorf confirmed to the committee that this type of reform would have a positive stimulating impact.  Watch our exchange below.
Over 3.5 million Americans are receiving notice that their current health insurance is being discontinued because of Obamacare—including over 100,000 Idahoans.  As many of you will remember, the president assured the American people that if they liked their coverage they would be able to keep it. Now the American people are learning that this was simply not true, despite the many promises from the president to the contrary. Even former President Bill Clinton, a stanch supporter of the Affordable Care Act, said the president should honor the commitment and let families and individuals keep their coverage.
Senator Crapo and other members of the Budget Conference Committee are gaveling into session for the second public meeting of the committee. - Staff
Weekly Op-Ed: As a husband, father and grandfather, I understand the challenges of balancing time with family and our professional lives.  It often seems that there is just not enough time in each day to accomplish all we need to accomplish and also have quality time with our loved ones. In recognition of the value of time with family, for the past several years, Congress has designated a “National Work and Family Month.”  The resolution emphasizes the importance of work schedules that allow employees to spend time with their families and urges public officials, employers, employees and the general public to work together to achieve more balance between work and family.  Achieving a balance between work and family life is often challenging for both employees and employers.  However, the benefits of trying to achieve this middle ground are apparent in productivity and the well-being of our families.
2013 Spirit of Freedom Award Recipients at the Boise Veterans Home:  Brian Alspach, Daniel Geib, Henry Parker, Chester "Kenny" Smith and Jack Crane. #veteransday #usa
Some images from the Twin Falls Spirit of Freedom Award ceremony. #VeteransDay #usa
Enough can never be said about the contributions, patriotism and sacrifice of our nations Veterans. "Like" and "Share" to thank our Veterans. #idpol #USA #VeteransDay
On Monday, the Spirit of Freedom Award will be presented to sixteen Idahoans, eleven veterans and five volunteers, at four ceremonies throughout the state.  The award acknowledges the contributions, patriotism, service and sacrifice of Idaho’s veterans and service-oriented volunteer leaders.  Click the link below for more information about this years recipients and to find out where you can attend one of the four ceremonies.
We need a #TimeOut on the implementation of #Obamacare.  The promises of this law are nothing like the realities. "Like" and "Share."
News Release: Many hard-to-reach rural communities are struggling due to the lack of sufficient broadband services, and Idaho is no exception to this.  The deficiencies in broadband service in rural parts of the country are not only hurting our ability to compete in a global economy, but also are impacting quality of life. I recently joined my colleagues in calling on the Federal Communications Commision (FCC) to do more to ensure that rural America is not disadvantaged or left behind as the commission reforms and modernizes important programs.  Congress and the FCC must do everything they can to incentivize, not stifle, investment in emerging technologies in rural America.
Yesterday, I appeared on “Markets Now” on the Fox Business Network to discuss the U.S. Senate Finance Committee hearing in which U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testified about the rollout of Obamacare. Watch the video below.
News Release: Indian tribes across the nation contribute a rich cultural heritage to society, and the Kootenai, the Coeur d’Alene, the Nez Perce, the Shoshone-Bannock and the Shoshone-Paiute peoples in Idaho are benefiting our communities.  I have signed on as a co-sponsor of the Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act.  This legislation would codify the tribal exclusion in the Internal Revenue Code to protect tribes from federal taxation of tribal social benefit programs that serve to promote the general welfare of the tribe.  In recent years, the IRS has increasingly attempted to tax these tribal services unfairly. I am proud to co-sponsor this bill as it honors the federal Indian trust responsibility, promotes tribal self-determination and carries no additional cost.
A CBS News analysis found that key tests to ensure the security and privacy regarding the information of Americans attempting to conduct business on the troubled Obamacare website fell behind schedule and were never fully performed before the launch of the website.  This is a serious issue and one Idahoans are concerned about.  Americans have an expectation that their personal information will be protected to the fullest extent—especially by the federal government.  Several of my colleagues and I continue to push the Department of Health and Human Services to fully explain the security measures taken prior to the launch  and what further measures are being taken to ensure proper website security.
This morning, at a Senate Finance Committee hearing with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testifying, I catalogued the many failed administration pledges about Obamacare.  We need a timeout of the implementation.  The law is not working as it was promised, proving this is more than a website problem.  We need to find out why premiums are going up, not down, and why millions are experiencing cancelations of their health care coverage instead of being protected.  I challenged the secretary to further explain her claims that premiums in the individual market are going down.  Sebelius held that the rates are lower “based on the CBO [Congressional Budget Office] projections, but I noted that those projections are based on selective data and are inconsistent with recent studies.  Ultimately, the secretary would not confirm on the record that rates are going down, only that they are lower than previous “projections.”
The Finance Committee is coming to order to hear from Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. Watch the hearing live on C-Span by clicking the link below. 
 http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN/
What the Budget Conference Committee should work to achieve.
Tomorrow, at a Senate Finance Committee hearing, I will have the opportunity to question Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about the rollout of Obamacare.  What would you ask the secretary?
The Palouse Region, which encompasses parts of eastern Washington and northern Idaho, is one of the primary growing locations for pulse crops in the United States. In recent years, Idaho has been the fourth largest pulse crop producer by acreage, and accounts for approximately 11 percent of the total U.S. output.  Senator Maria Cantwell and I led a letter to the Farm Bill Conference Committee promoting a five-year pilot program that promotes the use of pulse crops — dry beans, dry peas, lentils and chickpeas — in the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s nutrition program.  Pulse crops have the potential to reduce obesity and diabetes, and improve heart health because they are high in dietary fiber and low in fat.
Weekly Op-Ed: In 2008, then-Federal Housing Finance Agency Director James Lockhart stood jointly with then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson to announce Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were being placed into conservatorship. No one envisioned the conservatorships of Fannie and Freddie lasting five years and costing taxpayers nearly $200 billion.  Since the crisis, Fannie and Freddie have controlled no less than 95 percent of the housing finance market in any given year, leaving no room for the private market to re-enter and compete with the federal government.  We need to reduce the government’s oversized footprint in housing finance and bring private capital back into the market.  Encouragingly, there is more traction toward moving forward with housing finance reform than there has been at any point during the five-year conservatorships of Fannie and Freddie. Members of the Senate Banking Committee are working together on important proposals that are helping to shape the debate around housing finance reform.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the folks involved with the #LAXShooting. Kudos to the first responders for their heroic efforts. #idpol
News Release: Senator Risch and I have joined our Senate colleagues Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) and Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) in authoring a resolution calling on the government of Iran to immediately release Pastor Saeed Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their religious beliefs. Idahoans have demonstrated their passion for his release based on his strong contribution to extolling human rights and dignities. We agree with concerns for his safety and call for his immediate freedom from captivity.
VIDEO: Yesterday, I participated in the first meeting of the Senate-House Budget Conference Committee.  In my opening statement, I explained that Congress’ record in sticking to its budget is deplorable. In this conference, we have the chance to set up processes that assure Congress will not break its budget.  Processes to help us deal with future spending lapses and potential government shutdowns. Processes to help us deal with the debt ceiling and to help reduce the stress we put on the economy through political battles. We have the remarkable opportunity to focus on fixing some of the processes by which we function that will help us increase our ability to protect the savings we now have and achieve greater savings as we move forward.  Watch the full video by clicking below.
If you and your children are going trick-or-treating this evening, I hope you have a fun and safe time. #Halloween #idpol
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I are co-sponsoring legislation known as the “If You Like Your Health Plan, You Can Keep It Act.”  During the debate over Obamacare, the President and others in the Administration repeatedly claimed, “if you like your health insurance, you will be able to keep it.”   Reports now indicate that keeping an existing plan may not be possible for millions of Americans comfortable with their policies, due to cancellation notices from health insurance providers under the new health care law.  Millions of Americans were misled by the administration in that if they liked their current health care coverage, they would be able to keep it.
VIDEO: I joined The Kudlow Report this evening to discuss today’s Budget Conference Committee meeting. Click the video below to hear my thoughts.
My interview with Larry Kudlow will air on CNBC's The Kudlow Report tonight at 5:30 Mountain / 4:30 Pacific.
My seat at today’s Budget Conference Committee meeting. #idpol
Senator Crapo and the rest of the conferees are gaveling into session for the first time. #idpol – Staff
During the debate of Obamacare, the administration repeatedly claimed that, “if you like your health insurance you will be able to keep it.”   Media reports now indicate that keeping your existing plan may not be possible, as millions of Americans are receiving, or are about to receive,  cancellation notices from their health insurance providers under Obamacare.  These drops in coverage and the website glitches are only the beginning of the many issues Idahoans and Americans face under this new law.
Visited with Mark Estess and Randy Simon of @AARPIdaho before beginning the tele-townhall. #idpol
Appropriate that we are hanging the #VAWA bill in the front office and it is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. #idpol
Weekly Op-Ed: Did you know that October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month?  Many in Idaho and around the nation are coming together to remember the lives lost to domestic violence, recognize survivors and collaborate with others working to raise awareness and provide resources for victims.   Through the help of the many organizations and individuals determined to assist victims and prevent violence, considerable achievements are being realized.  However, we have more progress to make.  Earlier this year, Congress enacted into law bipartisan legislation reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) for another five years.  I partnered with Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) in authoring the VAWA reauthorization legislation to strengthen programs and policies meant to prevent domestic and sexual violence and ensure continued services for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.  Thank you to the many across Idaho and the nation who are working to further this goal.
NA
VIDEO: Excerpts from a real online chat that occurred on healthcare.gov. What has been your experience on healthcare.gov?
Last month, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry signed the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty.  Despite the signature, the treaty still needs approval from two-thirds of the U.S. Senate.  Recently, I joined 49 other colleagues in a letter to the administration stating our strong opposition to the treaty and our intention to continue to oppose its ratification in the Senate.  Let me reassure you that I do not support gun control.  I firmly believe that international organizations like the United Nations cannot deny American citizens the right to bear arms.
The D.C. interns made a visit to the U.S. Supreme Court. This could be you in the spring semester. Apply by clicking the link. 
 http://www.crapo.senate.gov/services/interns.cfm
Last week, the U.S. debt jumped more than $300 billion, an all-time record , raising our national debt to just over $17 trillion.  This is unacceptable and unsustainable. We must take substantive action to invigorate the economy and put our nation on a responsible fiscal path.
Due to the government shutdown during the first few weeks of this month, I am extending the application deadline for the internship program in spring of 2014. Students wishing to apply for a position within my Washington, D.C., office or regional offices throughout Idaho will now have until November 15, 2013, to submit an application.  The internship experience provides students a unique opportunity to learn about Congress and the legislative process.  To learn more about internships offered through my offices and access application materials, click the link.
I have been appointed to serve on the budget conference committee to reconcile the differences between the Senate and House-passed budgets.  This new conference committee presents an enormous opportunity for Republicans and Democrats to find common ground on a more sustainable budget path for our country.  For far too long, Washington has come to rely on short-term spending measures that do not allow for meaningful and significant reform of our spending habits.  This will not be an easy task with an almost $90 billion dollar difference between the two budgets, but I look forward to working with Chairwoman Patty Murray (D-Washington) and Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) to achieve this goal.
All of my offices and staff have resumed normal operations. If we can assist you, please let us know.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I voted against legislation to delay the nation’s borrowing limit until February 7, 2014, and temporarily fund government operations until January 15, 2013.  While this measure does some good by preventing a default on the debt, ending the government shutdown, preserving the spending restraints put in place by the Budget Control Act and requiring both houses of Congress to move forward with the long-overdue budget process, it does almost nothing to address our long-term mandatory spending and debt problems or correct the still-unfolding problems with the president’s health care law.  We cannot continue this unrestrained spending.  It is time to make the hard decisions regarding our dire fiscal situation, and I am going to keep the pressure on to get it done.
On my way to the Senate floor. I cannot support this Continuing Resolution/Debt Limit deal because it does nothing to solve our long-term fiscal problems.
A nation’s debt cannot for long exceed the growth of its economy. #debtcrisis
Weekly Op-Ed: Even before the latest debate on the government shutdown and the debt ceiling, we have been hearing some politicians claim our fiscal crisis is over and the government should raise more in taxes to pay for more government spending, which they believe has been cut by too much in recent years.  While we have been dealing with discretionary spending and revenue policy, Congress and the President have failed to address the root cause of our debt problems, the impending insolvency of entitlement programs.  Combining thoughtful tax reform with fundamental reforms to mandatory programs is necessary to improve our economy, and get out of this severe debt.  Modest steps are not good enough.  The federal government still spends more than we have.  The only way to get out of it is to actually address the problem, not claim that small progress is the solution.
VIDEO: Today, following Senate Finance and Senate Banking Committee hearings on the debt limit, I spoke on the Senate floor about the need to address the country’s long-term debt crisis.  In the Finance hearing, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said, ‘We've made progress on our overall debt crisis in the past few years, and I think that we can continue to work on those kinds of steps if you will simply pass this clean debt ceiling’ and do so in a way that involves no negotiations from the president in any way.  I reminded him that a major part of the progress we have made in the last few years was when we met the debt ceiling two years ago.  It was the Budget Control Act that put into statute over $2 trillion of reductions in our spending path, and that was attached to the debt ceiling bill in 2011. It was literally a debt ceiling negotiation that generated the only significant spending controls this Congress and this country have seen for years and years.  And yet the president refuses to take another step now that we have met the debt ceiling again and negotiate for further reforms.
The president has nominated Janet Yellen to be the next Chairman of the Federal Reserve.  Hear my thoughts on Ms. Yellen’s nomination by clicking the link below.
Prayers for my colleague, Senator Inhofe. Wishing him a speedy recovery!
We commend the Capitol Police for their hard work and quick reaction yesterday, and every day, to protect the Capitol Hill community! #idpol
The entire Idaho Congressional Delegation will not take any pay during this government shutdown.  Senator Risch and I will donate our pay during the shutdown to charity while Congressmen Mike Simpson and Raul Labrador will have their pay withheld.  Members of Congress should not get paid while federal employees are furloughed.
Have questions about the government shutdown? Read this report published the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.  Click the link below.
Just voted to delay #Obamacare's individual mandate for one year and fund the government. I commend the  House for sending the bill to the Senate.
Weekly Op-Ed: I recently held my third tele-townhall meeting of the year.  These regular meetings are one of the ways I hear the insights of Idahoans and I value this input greatly.  I heard concerns about Congress’ inability to enact a budget and questions about our fiscal crisis.  Idahoans also asked about efforts in Congress to enact stricter gun laws and for an update on the situation in Syria.  Gridlock in Congress, Obamacare, energy policy and oversight of the Federal Reserve rounded out our hour-long phone call.  Thanks to all of those that joined us.
Our D.C. interns took a field trip to the Library of Congress and shared this photo.
Today, I voted against the U.S. Senate Continuing Resolution.  The CR passed by the Senate today is not the right approach to our deteriorating fiscal situation.  Congress continues to put funding on autopilot and neglect the careful work done through the appropriations process. Passage of this CR allows federal funding to continue at levels that drive us ever deeper into debt.  Making this CR particularly worse, is that funding for Obamacare was restored by the use of a procedural maneuver by the majority leader. The House must now consider the Senate version of the CR, and I will be following the process closely as they evaluate and amend the bill that will be sent back to the Senate.
Before the enactment of Obamacare, I was deeply concerned about the damage this legislation would inflict upon family incomes, jobs, and health care prices.  Since passage, I have been committed to delaying, defunding and repealing this damaging law. The U.S. House of Representatives did its job in passing a government funding bill that keeps the government open and gives Idaho families much-needed relief by defunding Obamacare, but I could not support the legislative maneuvers used by the Majority Leader that ensure funding for Obamacare continues. The health care law has shown itself increasingly unworkable and unpopular with the public by raising costs, reducing health care choices for consumers and damaging the economy.  While our efforts were not successful today, I will continue fighting to replace this law with workable, patient-centered, affordable health care legislation.  http://www.crapo.senate.gov/media/newsreleases/release_full.cfm?id=345823
I have opposed #Obamacare from the start. Soon, I will oppose cloture and vote to defund this mess of a law.
News Release: I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee in a letter to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew urging him to disclose how long and how great of a debt limit increase the Obama administration is requesting from Congress.  In addition, we called on the administration to immediately launch discussions to combat the nation’s long-term debt through concrete, structural entitlement reforms.  There is no time like the present and the debt limit presents an ideal opportunity to enact structural entitlement reforms to make the programs sustainable for years to come.  At a minimum, a down payment of initial entitlement reforms must be enacted in order to begin the process of bringing sustainable solvency to these programs.
Today, my schedule in D.C. prevents me from attending, but my thoughts are with those at the prayer vigil for Saeed Abedini in Boise. #idpol #idaho #SaeedAbedini
Yesterday, I joined my colleagues in voting unanimously to move to a bill that defunds #Obamacare. Thank you for your calls, emails, facebook post and tweets. I value each and every one as we debate the Continuing Resolution.
One of the promises from the White House when Obamacare was being debated was that, if passed, the bill would lower costs and reduce premiums for families.  Now the Obamacare is law and we are finding that this is just not the case.  As I anticipated, Obamacare will actually increase health spending by $7,450 for a typical family of four.  No Idaho family can afford this and I will continue my fight against this law.
Welcomed eighth graders from Cornerstone Christian School in Lewiston to the D.C. office today.
Lois Lerner, the individual who headed the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) division that handles applications for tax-exempt status, announced her retirement yesterday. Ms. Lerner’s retirement does not change the need for the investigation into IRS targeting to proceed expeditiously. I will continue to work with my colleagues on the Finance Committee to hold people accountable at the IRS.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I are co-sponsoring Utah Senator Orrin Hatch’s Trust But Verify bill.  The Trust But Verify Act will prevent the implementation of health insurance exchanges established under Obamacare until the U.S. Government Accountability Office and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Inspector General can verify that the proper tools are in place to protect the private information of enrollees.  Proper safeguards must be in place to protect the personal privacy of Americans participating in any health care exchange.  This bill highlights yet another problem in the existing list regarding the rollout of the health care law.  We remain steadfast in our opposition to the law, and our work to defund and repeal it continues.
Congratulations to the University of Idaho’s Marching Band, who was recently highlighted by Rolling Stone Magazine for their innovative cover of the popular song “Thriftshop”.  The band ranked on a recent Rolling Stone list of the top 10 college marching band covers in the nation. Go Vandals!
Weekly Op-Ed: As summer turns to fall, many across Idaho are preparing for annual hunting trips.  Spending time enjoying the outdoors provides an opportunity to reset from the jumble of everyday life.  I grew up camping, hunting and fishing—a tradition I shared with my children and continue to enjoy today.  There is no doubt we must take care of what we have in order to ensure that we can continue to benefit from it in the years ahead.  Sportsmen and women are among those who are at the forefront of preserving our outdoor opprotunities.  Whether it was exploring as a child or camping with my family on a recent vacation getaway, we benefit from taking time to enjoy our surroundings.
Enjoyed visiting with the Idaho Credit Union League earlier this week and talking about my role as #RankingOnBanking. #idpol
News Release: I joined Senator Risch in supporting the Helium Stewardship Act.  The bill, which passed the full Senate on a 97-2 vote, will now go to the U.S. House of Representatives for consideration.  Passage of this legislation will be a victory for the entire state of Idaho.  Idaho’s rural communities, with limited revenue due to the large amount of neighboring federal land, will be able to continue providing for schools, road maintenance, law enforcement, emergency response and other various needs.  This fix does not change the need for a long-term solution that provides a consistent mechanism for the federal government to meet its obligation to rural communities accommodating federal lands and I will continue to work with my colleagues to achieve this objective.
Want to know the answers to those #Idaho trivia questions? Here you go. #idpol #gemstate
At today’s lunch with my colleagues, we will have some fun with #Idaho trivia.  How would you score with these questions? We will share the answers later. #idpol #gemstate
At lunch, I am sharing some Idaho products with my Senate colleagues:  Idaho Fry Sauce, huckleberry syrup, potato pancake mix and huckleberry jellybeans. #idpol #gemstate
Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts) and I have introduced a bipartisan amendment directing the U.S. Department of Energy to quantify the cost savings from operational energy efficiency technologies in an effort to increase public and private use of these technologies.  Our amendment, will not create any new programs or increase government spending and is being offered as part of the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness (“ESIC”) Act, introduced by Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-New Hampshire) and Rob Portman (R-Ohio).  Increasing our nation’s energy efficiency must remain a high priority.  This amendment will help encourage greater industry participation by proving that the savings are real through an accurate cost-benefit analysis.
PHOTO: My Washington, D.C., office has welcomed a new group of interns. It was great to visit with them last week.
I have repeatedly requested specific information from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) regarding its data collection on consumers’ financial transactions, with no success.  Last week, the CFPB appeared before the U.S. House Financial Services Committee to deliver a semi-annual report to Congress. My colleague Congressman Sean Duffy (R-Wisconsin) raised the data collection issue, calling for more transparency and accountability at the agency. I will continue to monitor this issue to ensure Idahoans’ privacy is properly safeguarded.
My staff took part in the Twin Falls Chamber Annual #Ag Tour to learn more about the issues concerning the bean industry in the Magic Valley. #idpol
News Release: Today, the Idaho Congressional Delegation extended an invite to the Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark A. Welsh, III, to visit the Idaho Military Installations at Gowen Field and Mountain Home Air Force Base.  The service of our Airmen is supported and enhanced by the capabilities of the installations at which they serve.  Idaho’s military installations are a valued resource for the state and our nation.  It has been more than 30 years since an active Chief of Staff of the Air Force visited the installations in Idaho.  Senator Jim Risch, Congressmen Mike Simpson and Raul Labrador and I look forward to changing that when General Welsh accepts our invitation.
Today, we celebrate the U.S. Constitution—226 years ago, this document became the foundation for our freedoms.  On Constitution Day, I encourage you to click the link below and take time to read one of our most treasured founding documents.
A photo from the U.S. Senate Sergeant At Arms.  The flags over the U.S. Capitol have been lowered this afternoon and will remain lowered until sunset Friday for the victims of the Washington Navy Yard shooting.
Sad situation out of the Washington Navy Yard this morning. Praying for the victims and the local law enforcement involved.
On Tuesday evening, Idahoans heard from the President on the situation in Syria and his plans going forward.  Senator Jim Risch and I have been monitoring this situation for some time and listened intently to what the President had to say.  It is my belief that the national security interest necessary to justify this intervention has not yet been sufficiently shown.  And the limited, narrow response being proposed is more likely to harm, rather than protect our security interests.  To read more of my response to the speech and to learn my feelings on the possibility of a negotiated resolution to deal with Syria’s chemical weapons, click below.
News Release: During the month of August, I was able to engage with many of you on the issues Congress must deal with this fall.  Since those travels, a great deal has developed in the foreign policy arena, with regard to Syria. Moreover, on the domestic front, the October 1 deadline for Congress to take action on the soon expiring continuing resolution (CR) and the farm bill is rapidly approaching.  I want to continue this discussion with a tele-townhall next Wednesday evening, September 18.  Click below to read more and to learn how to participate.
Karen, a member of my staff in Coeur d’Alene, attended yesterday’s #Sept11 ceremony. #idpol #neverforget
Today is a day for remembrance and recommitment to patriotism and our country.  Like all Americans, I will never forget the fateful day of September 11, 2001.  I recalled my own experiences of the tragic day 12 years ago, during my weekly teleconference.  To listen, click below.
#Sept11 remembrance ceremony on the steps of the east front of the Capitol. #idpol #neverforget #USA
Remembering the two Idahoans, Ronald Vauk and Brady Howell, who lost their lives 12 years ago today. #idpol #Sept11 #NeverForget
News Release: The United States should engage in military strikes against another nation only when our national security requires it, after other options have been ruled out.  The national security interest necessary to justify this intervention in Syria has not yet been sufficiently shown.  And the limited, narrow response being proposed is more likely to harm, rather than protect our security interests.  The prospect of a negotiated resolution of this matter has been raised, involving Syria agreeing to join the 189 nations of the world who have signed the Chemical Weapons Convention.  Of course, we should pursue this option, but let’s not forget with whom we are dealing.  Such an agreement must be prompt, binding, verifiable and subject to predetermined sanctions for noncompliance.
I will be listening carefully to what the President has to say tonight on the subject of #Syria. Are you watching the address to the nation? Let me know your thoughts.
For several years we have been hearing that the country is on the path to recovery after the financial crisis, but the most recent jobs report should give us great pause for concern.  While the unemployment rate did drop, the labor force participation rate fell in August to the lowest level since Jimmy Carter was president. This means that many people looking for work have simply quit  and given up.  Of even bigger concern, U.S. population growth outpaced job growth in August.  It should be noted, at the beginning of the recession, 63 out of 100 adults were employed, in comparison to the 59 out of 100 currently.  These numbers should be a wakeup call to the administration and Congress that Obamacare, government overregulation and our debt crisis continue to hinder job growth.
Weekly Op-Ed: Many of you have been contacting me about the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and its monitoring of up to 900 million credit card accounts.  These reports are a cause of concern for me, and should be for those Idahoans and all Americans whose financial and credit data is sent to the Bureau each month.  The Dodd-Frank Act, which I did not support, established the CFPB with little oversight from Congress and I believe structural changes to the CFPB are essential.  The size and scope of CFPB’s data collection on personal financial accounts warrant proper government oversight, which is why I requested, and the Government Accountability Office agreed to conduct, an investigation into the CFPB’s massive data collection.  Ultimately, the CFPB’s structure must be revised to fit the models of traditional departments and agencies to increase transparency and accountability to the American people it was designed to protect.
Senator Crapo spent the month of August traveling around Idaho visiting with constituents and local groups.
Yesterday, Honor Flight brought a group of Idaho #WWII veterans to D.C. to see the memorials. Some of my staff welcomed them. #idpol #veterans #GreatestGeneration
Senator Jim Risch, Congressmen Mike Simpson, Raul Labrador and I all have serious concerns with a military strike in Syria.  While the recent events in Syria present a difficult and tragic situation,  U.S. involvement must be consistent with protecting our national security interests.  A high bar must be set when considering the engagement of Armed Forces personnel into a military theater.  This will be an important debate over the next several days and one that the Congress must have.
Op-Ed: We are fortunate that Idaho is home to extensive hydroelectric resources that offer reliable and renewable energy.  Hydropower is the source of more than 75 percent of Idaho’s electricity generation, and hydropower efficiently and cleanly provides approximately seven percent of the nation’s electricity.  Congress recently passed two pieces of legislation, that I co-sponsored, and the President signed, that will better enable the expansion of this important energy source.  We must continue to seek ways to better utilize hydropower.  According to the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. has the potential for 300 gigawatts of additional hydropower.
Boise State football kicks off tonight. Are you ready? Go Broncos!
A 45-year wait for an Idaho veteran to be recognized for his bravery and service to our country came to an end recently when he received his long overdue Purple Heart.  Jerry Blackburn, of Leadore, served with the U.S. Army for two years during the Vietnam conflict.  He was wounded while defending an officer’s quarters in Saigon.  It was a privilege and honor to present the medal to Mr. Blackburn.
Many of you are asking my thoughts on Syria.  Syria is a difficult and tragic situation and one that I continue to monitor.  U.S. involvement in Syria must be consistent with protecting our national security interests.  It is paramount that the President engage in a full dialogue with the American people and with Congress before taking any action.
Fifty years ago today, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. gave his famous “I Have a Dream” speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., and forever changed the course of our nation’s history.  Take a moment today to listen to these powerful words.
A few weeks ago, I made a stop in Emmett to visit with Idaho downwinders.  Referred to as “downwinders," these Americans suffered from cancer and other various health issues as radiation  from above-ground nuclear testing in Nevada drifted east and north over a number of states during the 1950s and 60s.  During my stop, the group was viewing a new documentary film "Jay and John Wayne: A Downwinder's Story" that chronicles the plight of downwinders’.  I spoke to the crowd following the film and again offered my support.  Like the group, I hope the film helps us to continue to raise the issue in Congress.
Some of my staff shared this photo of our beautiful state taken just south of White Bird Hill. #idpol #idaho #Highway95
Weekly Op-Ed: After meeting with Idaho onion growers and irrigators this past month, I am concerned with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) proposed fresh produce rule.  The rule was created pursuant to the 2011 enactment of the Food Safety Modernization Act, which was driven by concerns with high profile incidents of food contamination.  I voted against this legislation due to concerns with its large cost and far sweeping federal regulations.  I support ensuring the safety of our water and food supplies, but we must be reasonable in our approach.  The proposed regulations will prove costly to farmers, limiting their ability to provide an abundant, safe food supply for Idaho’s families—which they have successfully done for hundreds of years.  FDA should focus its efforts on proven risks, not impose costly regulatory burdens on producers based on hypothetical evidence.  Ultimately, food safety measures must work to fix problems without crippling production.
It was an honor to present Jerry Blackburn, US Army (Ret), with a long-overdue Purple Heart. #idpol #Vietnam #veterans #IdahoFalls #idaho
Hope you will join me in Idaho Falls on Saturday as a Vietnam Veteran receives a long-overdue Purple Heart.  Jerry Blackburn, of Leadore, served with the U.S. Army for two years during the Vietnam conflict.  He was wounded while defending an officer’s quarters in Saigon.  Click below for more information about the event.
Enjoyed my visit earlier this week with the Idaho Press Tribune editorial board.  We talked about the many important issues facing Congress this fall.
During my stay in Lewiston earlier this month, I had the  opportunity to visit with members of the Clearwater Basin Collaborative group.  This working group includes timber companies, county officials, the Nez Perce Tribe, motorized recreation groups, sportsmen, conservationists and preservation groups that are working together to find consensus-based solutions for better land management.  The group recently reached a broad agreement and I commend them for their hard work and offer encouragement and support as they enter the next phase.
Senators Ron Wyden, Jim Risch and I are calling for improvements in public land management that will reduce the threat of fires.  As Senator Wyden said, and I could not agree more, “the fires that are ripping through the West are proof that the federal government's policy for fire prevention is broken.”  The solution is collaboration between federal, state and local governments to thin forests and fuel, rehabilitate wildlife habitat and increase logging.  There are a lot of us who are willing to quit the blame game and find solutions that focus on prevention and not fighting.  Fire managers and fire crews are doing an unbelievable job, but the federal government is failing to do its job.
Thank you to the firefighters who are risking their lives every day to protect our communities. "Like" and "Share" #Idaho
Idahoans have had a tough few weeks when it comes the fire season.  Today, I joined Senators Ron Wyden and Jim Risch to thank our brave firefighters at the National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC) in Boise.  We can do better in preventing catastrophic fires by using collaborative land management efforts and stronger proactive management on the nation’s public lands. #idpol #BLM #BLMNIFC #FireSeason
Great to join @EximBank President @fredhochberg at a forum this morning to help local businesses gain important knowledge to maximize exports and create economic growth. #idpol #4jobs #eximbank
Tomorrow, I will join Export-Import Bank President Fred Hockberg for a forum at the Boise Chamber of Commerce.  This event will include industry, academic and government experts who will help local businesses gain the knowledge they need to maximize their exporting opportunities and increase sales.  Hope you will join us!
Op-Ed: The Senate Finance Committee continues advancing tax reform and I remain committed to the hard work of comprehensive fiscal reform, combining thoughtful tax reform with fundamental reforms to mandatory programs.  Tax reform needs to be comprehensive to get us past the tired and failed arguments about raising and lowering rates.  We should completely redesign the tax code with an emphasis on lower rates, broadening the base, reducing complexity and eliminating anti-competitive provisions.  Comprehensive tax reform would eliminate much of the complexity in the current tax code and lower tax rates for individuals, families and businesses.  Embracing this new paradigm can help generate additional revenues and economic growth and put America’s tax code in a more competitive posture.  Without structural reform, our potential growth and revenues will be lost.  Work must continue to deliver to the American people a tax code that meets the needs and challenges of our modern economy.
When it comes to these fires across Idaho, don’t risk it; follow the instructions of your local authorities. To all of the those that have been displaced by the fires and to the folks putting their lives at risk fighting these fires, you are in my thoughts. We can never thank you enough. Stay safe!
News Release: Next Tuesday, Senators Ron Wyden (D-Oregon), Jim Risch (R-Idaho) and I will visit the National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC) in Boise to thank firefighters for their extremely hard and dangerous work in yet another hazardous season for fighting wildfires.  During the visit, we will note that the country can do better in preventing catastrophic fires by using collaborative land management efforts and stronger proactive management on the nation’s public lands.  Current land management policies are not keeping pace with the growing risk.  Sound land management based on consensus-driven collaboration, will help prevent and reduce fires, and has proven successful in restoring jobs and economic and ecological conditions in our nation’s pristine backcountry areas.  For more information about the event, which is open to the public, click the link below.
Heading home to Idaho Falls this morning. Been a great couple of days in the Treasure Valley.
Enjoyed being on the Nate Shelman show on @KBOI670 and taking questions from callers in the Treasure Valley. #idpol #radio
Great to visit with the Idaho Statesman editorial board. Thanks for all the good questions.
Participated in a news conference, held in an Idaho onion field, to discuss the #FDA’s proposed irrigation water rules and my efforts to defund them with the #SCRAP Act. #idpol
Joined Chobani, Idaho Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Luna and the Meridian School District to talk about #USDA’s Greek yogurt pilot program. This is great news for our students, jobs and the economy.
Speaking with @KTVB about how the Greek yogurt pilot program and @Chobani's selection is a "win-win-win for Idaho's students, jobs and economy. #idpol 
PHOTO: Spoke and took questions from a packed house at a Judicial Watch reception. I have said it before and will say it again, I believe #DoddFrank needs to be repealed just as much as #Obamacare does. #idpol #BIGDATA #CFPB #JudicialWatch
Op-Ed: As wildfires burn across the western United States, efforts continue in Congress to try to help alleviate pressure on the firefighters and others working tirelessly to keep our communities safe. While some of these objectives will take time to achieve, it is clear that we need maintain our focus.  Over the last decade, wildfires have caused an average of over $1,000,000,000 in economic damages, killed over 150 Americans, and destroyed thousands of homes and other structures across the nation. Unfortunately, for many Idahoans and others throughout the West, wildfires have become the norm and not the exception.  The firefighters and others who face extreme conditions to keep our families safe deserve continued efforts to reduce the threat they face.
Senator Crapo joined with representatives of the Idaho High School Activities Association, St. Luke’s Concussion Clinic, the AFL-CIO and OSHA to announce a new effort to track concussions among high school athletes in Idaho.  An informal survey in part of the state last fall revealed more than 600 students may have suffered concussions during sporting events. - Staff
Held a news conference to raise awareness with Idahoans about #CFPB and Americans’ privacy. #idpol #BIGDATA
We are in Boise over the next two days. This morning we stopped by the studio of 580KIDO. Thanks to host Kevin Miller, the callers and listeners. #idpol
Have had some great events and saw many friends throughout north Idaho. Today, I flew down to Boise and drove out to Emmett to visit with the "Downwinders'." "Downwinders'" have various health issues caused by radiation from nuclear arms testing that drifted east & north over a number of states.
As a cancer survivor, it meant a lot to join in the Survivor’s lap at the @RelayForLife event. What an inspiration. #idpol #HOPE 
Senator Crapo, a cancer survivor, participating in tonight's survivor walk at a Relay for Life event in Rathdrum. #idpol #HOPE - Staff
A few photos from my trip down in Hecla Mining’s Lucky Friday Silver Mine. Thanks to the great team there for showing me and my staff around today. #idpol #northidaho #silvermine
Just finished a tour of Hecla Mining’s Lucky Friday mine in Mullan. We went down 6,200 feet. #idpol #SilverMine #northidaho 
Passing through Shoshone County on our way to Mullan.
5,000 followers on #Twitter! Thanks for following, #Idaho. Like and Share to spread the word and keep it growing. #idpol
Monday, I stopped by for a visit with the Coeur d’Alene Press editorial board.  We talked about my role as the ranking member of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, as well as a variety of other issues facing the country.  Click below to read their story.
Crapo speaking to folks in Coeur d'Alene: "Why does a federal agency need to know what book you bought on Amazon last week?" Like and Share if you agree. #CFPB #BIGDATA #idpol - Staff
Senator Crapo speaking to attendees of a community luncheon in Coeur d'Alene. #idpol #CDA #idaho
Back on the road this morning and heading to Coeur d’Alene from Lewiston.
Few more photos from today's tour of the newly-restored territorial Capital building. #idpol #Lewiston
Senator Mike Crapo LIVE with @KLEWNews. #idpol – Staff
Touring the newly-restored territorial Capital building. #idpol #Lewiston
Just finished a great meeting with the Clearwater Basin Collaborative work group. The #CBC group and I discussed job creation, recreational opportunities and habitat and land preservation efforts. #idpol #4jobs
Have a busy day ahead—several meetings throughout the Lewiston area.
Reviewing the Kootenai River restoration project. The team here is doing a phenomenal job. #idpol
Traveling the Kootenai River to view the restoration project. #idpol 
Senator Crapo speaking to the Bonners Ferry Community Lunch group. #idpol - Staff
Thanks to the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of Idaho for allowing me to speak to you this morning. #idpol
Always great to visit with the editorial board of the Coeur d'Alene Press. Thanks for having me.
We have stops in Coeur d’Alene, Bonners Ferry and Sandpoint. Looking forward to the events today.
During a stop in my Boise regional office, I was able to visit with the summer interns, David and Max. I appreciate all the help they have provided during their time in the office. #idpol
Weekly Op-Ed: I have long been a proponent of fair access to public lands because the Americans people pay for the upkeep of our federal lands.  Almost a century ago, Congress enacted legislation enabling Americans to build recreational cabins on certain lots of federal land in exchange for an annual fee.  Since that time, families have built cabins and enjoyed our nation’s forests for many generations.  However, cabin users continue to face rising fees due to challenges with appraisals accounting for the unique restrictions placed on cabin users in national forests. That is why I joined a handful of my colleagues in introducing the bipartisan Cabin Fee Act of 2013 that would establish an uncomplicated, equitable and predictable fee system.
NA
Proud to join Senator Kirk's resolution expressing support for blocking potential state bailouts.  States should see this resolution and recognize that the Federal Government is not going to bail them out of a fiscal insolvency and that the elected leaders in these states should take responsibility, and adopt measures to become fiscally responsible— balancing their budgets the way that every American household does.
Had the opportunity to visit with youth members of the Idaho Juvenile Justice Commission. #idpol
Last night, the U.S. Senate passed two bills that I supported that would streamline current regulations to make it easier to develop and approve small hydropower stations.  Hydropower is a significant source of renewable energy in the United States and western states, like Idaho, are seeking to develop more hydropower on Bureau of Reclamation (BOR) water canals and pipelines.
News Release: Colorado Senator Michael Bennet and I are fighting to enhance  wildfire mitigation efforts by introducing The Prepare, Ready, Equip, and Prevent Areas at-Risk of Emergency (PREPARE) Wildfires Act.  The PREPARE Act directs the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to establish a funding stream specifically for wildfire mitigation.  The bill would authorize an additional $20 to $30 million per year for a five year wildfire mitigation pilot program, as part of the agency’s Pre-Disaster Mitigation fund.  To ensure this does not add to our nation’s deficit, we have proposed an offset elsewhere in the budget to ensure the proposal is fully paid for.  There is nothing more frightening for home owners in the West to hear that they must leave their home and take cover due to a raging wildfire.  Unfortunately, for many Idahoans, and others throughout the West these fires have become the norm and not the exception.  Our bill will help states mitigate and better prepare for these large-scale fires.
Enjoyed meeting Kayla, a young lady from my hometown of Idaho Falls. Kayla is a National Young Leader representative.
Recently, I spoke with Times-News about Idaho’s own Bowe Bergdahl.  Bowe was captured by the Taliban in June of 2009.  Rest assured, Bowe is not forgotten and the entire delegation continues to monitor the situation.  I have spoken about Bowe with military leaders and intelligence officials at all levels in the U.S., Afghanistan and Pakistan, including those close to negotiations at the State Department and in the Pentagon.  We can say it remains a priority for us to not only locate him and determine whether there’s a way to obtain his release, but also to work with any developments that come along the way if there are negotiations that could ultimately result in his release.
ICYMI: News Release: Last Friday, I announced that Chobani, which employs more than 600 Idahoans at its Twin Falls production plant, has been selected as the Greek yogurt of choice for the new U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Greek yogurt pilot program.  Idaho, along with three other states, was chosen earlier this month to participate in the pilot program that will feature Greek yogurt in school lunches starting in the fall of 2014.  This news not only benefits Idaho’s communities, but our thriving dairy industry.  I have advocated for the inclusion of Greek yogurt in school lunches and am proud Chobani, with its presence here in Twin Falls, Idaho, has been selected to play a key role in the program.  I also look forward to joining with Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Luna and officials with Chobani and the Meridian School District for an event August 13 announcing details of the availability of Greek yogurt in Idaho schools.
Thanks to all of the members of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee for a productive mark up of Federal Housing Administration (FHA) Solvency Bill.  This bipartisan bill will further strengthen the FHA’s books, better protect taxpayers, and ensure qualified borrowers continue to have access to credit.  In the spring, Chairman Johnson and I announced that putting the FHA on a solid foundation was one of our top priorities.  I look forward to working with the Chairman, Majority Leader Harry Reid and Republican Leader Mitch McConnell to move this bipartisan bill to the floor.
PHOTO: I recently had the opportunity to visit with Idaho representatives from the American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation and American Legion Boys Nation.  I enjoyed talking with these student leaders about their experiences in the program and reminiscing about my time at Boys State.  Glad Kitanna, Ashton, Michael and Joshua stopped by my office!
According to a new CBS News poll, more Americans than ever want Obamacare repealed.  Thirty-six percent of Americans want Congress to expand or keep the health care law while 39 percent want Congress to repeal it. The poll also found a majority of Americans -54 percent - disapprove of the health care law, while 36 percent of Americans view it favorably and 10 percent said they are unsure. This poll should serve as a call to the president and those in Congress who passed the health care law to repeal and replace it with policies that expand coverage and decrease costs, not raise premiums and force employers to cut back on full-time employees.
Last week, I served as the ranking member at an Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Toxics and Environmental Health hearing where we examined the Environmental Protection Agency’s Brownfields Program.  EPA initiated the Brownfields Program in 1993 to assist communities with the cleanup of low risk sites that were not considered hazardous, but in which cleanup was nonetheless needed in order to encourage economic redevelopment.  Click below to watch my opening statement and to learn about the successes of the Brownfields program in Idaho.
Weekly Op-Ed: Progress has been made in raising awareness about domestic violence, furthering prevention and increasing access to resources for victims.  However, room for progress remains.  New data from a NOMORE.org, sponsored by the Avon Foundation for Women, indicates that important conversations about domestic violence and sexual assault are still not happening.  Three out of four men in the U.S. say they have not talked about domestic violence or sexual assault with their children.  Talking with our children about the issues they face can be helpful on their road to becoming productive adults.  We can help show them what healthy relationships look like through our examples of kindness and respect to others.  These conversations are not easy.  However, we have valuable roles in our children’s lives.  We cannot forfeit the opportunity to help set them on a good course.
Congrats to Chobani on the news that that they have been chosen as the supplier for United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Greek yogurt pilot program. Excellent news for jobs in Idaho and our students.
This week, I had the opportunity to welcome TRIO students from Idaho to the U.S. Senate.  During their visit, they were able to watch me serve as the ranking member in an Environment and Public Works subcommittee hearing.
The enormous data collection initiative being undertaken by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a serious cause of concern for me, and should be for those Americans whose financial and credit data is sent to the bureau each and every single month.  Last month, I requested the non-partisan Government Accountability Office to review the Bureau’s data collection practices, and they have agreed to investigate.
For several weeks, I have heard from numerous young people across Idaho concerned about the interest rate hike on student loans.  Last night, Senator Jim Risch and I supported the bipartisan Student Loan bill to bring interest rates back down to 3.86 percent from 6.8 percent.  This Student Loan measure will make it less expensive for students to plan for college and it links rates to the financial markets.  I would prefer to return to the private sector handling student loans to reduce government bureaucracy, but action was needed and we were able to reach agreement on a bipartisan solution to help Idaho’s young people.
Ranking Member Crapo at today’s #EPW subcommittee hearing on the #EPA’s Brownfields Program. One of the witnesses, Dr. Kendra Kenyon, is an Idaho native who oversees all aspects of the Idaho Council of Governments.
VIDEO: Many Idahoans who contact me or visit my offices—individual citizens, farmers, ranchers ,county commissioners or mayors—bring to my attention  Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations.  EPA’s overreach and extreme enforcement mentality is unnecessary. Rather than trying to work to find solutions, we have an approach at the EPA to force compliance and utilize heavy-handed techniques. A healthy environment and a strong economy need not be mutually exclusive.  While I support ensuring that science, research and other tools are available to leave our air, water and soil better than we found them for future generations, layering on more burdensome regulations and imposing overwhelming penalties when the desired environmental outcomes are uncertain is not the best means to achieve this goal. I addressed this topic during my opening remarks at an Environment and Public Works Committee hearing yesterday.
Earlier, my staff and I celebrated Chas Grant, a member of my team who is retiring. I wish Chas all the best and thank him for his service.
News Release: Colorado Senator Michael Bennet and I have secured a measure in the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Appropriations Bill to help prioritize wildfire mitigation efforts.  Last week, we urged the Subcommittee to push FEMA to use a greater share of its mitigation funding to prevent catastrophic wildfires.  In the letter to the subcommittee’s chair and ranking member, we  shared concerns about inadequate funding and recommended FEMA develop a report detailing its wildfire mitigation efforts and funding obstacles for current programs as a first step.  Last year, more than 1,000 wild land fires burned more than 1.6 million acres in Idaho alone and we are already seeing a number of fires this season.  I applaud the work of the Appropriations Committee and thank them for making wildfire mitigation a top priority.  This bill will provide FEMA the resources to help our western states mitigate for the devastating wildfire season even before it starts.
Today, the office is hosting a retirement lunch for one of my mail room staff, Chas Grant. Chas has been on my staff for 14 years and worked for three other Senators. I am grateful for Chas and his long service to Idahoans. #idpol 
Weekly Op-Ed: Reports of workers losing hours and pay due to Obamacare mandates are among the many problems with this law.  Obamacare subjects employers with at least 50 full-time equivalent (FTE) employees to penalties for not providing health insurance or for providing health insurance that does not meet certain criteria.  Recent reports indicate that many employers are decreasing the number of full-time employees or adjusting hours to reduce or eliminate their potential health care mandate penalties.  A U.S. Chamber of Commerce study indicates that Obamacare continues to be an impediment to economic growth.  The goal of health care reform was to increase access to quality health care, not reduce wages that could decrease the ability of families to afford health care.
Happy Birthday Senator Dole!
PHOTO: Yesterday, the Banking Committee held a hearing where we heard from Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke.
Presenting the @MilitaryAward to Coast Guard Boatswain's Mate First Class (BM1) Chase Severns, from Boise. Chase is an impressive young man.  #idpol
News Release: I opposed the President’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  Idaho business owners, farmers and ranchers feel the impact of EPA regulations daily and they should be able to expect that our government will not pursue federal policies when the benefits do not outweigh the costs.  During her nomination process, I had hoped to be convinced that Ms. McCarthy would move the agency in a different direction, but her previous actions and testimony before the EPW committee proved this would not be the case.  While I support ensuring that science, research and other tools are available to leave our air, water and soil better than we found them for future generations, layering on burdensome regulations, burying American businesses in more paperwork and imposing overwhelming penalties is not the best means to achieve this goal.
Yesterday, the U.S. House passed legislation that would delay for one year the employer and individual mandate provisions in Obamacare.  I applaud the House of Representatives’ action and hope that the U.S. Senate will follow suit.  According to a Wall Street Journal article, we are starting to see more and more businesses shift hiring practices toward an increase in part-time workers to avoid incurring higher health care costs.  For the entire U.S. workforce, employers have added far more part-time employees in 2013—averaging 93,000 a month, seasonally adjusted—than full-time workers, which have averaged 22,000. Last year the reverse was true.  Employers added 31,000 part-time workers monthly, compared to 171,000 full-time positions .  Obamacare requires employers with 50 or more full-time equivalent workers to offer insurance to employees working 30 or more hours a week or face fines.
VIDEO: Speaking on the Senate Floor yesterday, I advocated the need for structural changes at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that will increase accountability and transparency at the agency.  Most recently, I have been engaged in pushing back on a big data collection initiative that the CFPB has undertaken, collecting information on hundreds of millions of consumers’ credit card data, bank account data, mortgage data and student loan data.  Absent changes, the bureau will be able to continue this process unchecked.
News Release: I have joined a fellow western colleague, Colorado Senator Michael Bennet, in a letter to the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security to push the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to use a greater share of its mitigation funding to prevent catastrophic wildfires in the coming years.  Nationally, wildfires killed 13 firefighters and civilians last year, destroyed over 2,000 homes, and caused an estimated $1 billion in economic losses.  Massive fires in both Idaho and Colorado significantly contributed to this national toll.  And this summer has brought a fresh wave of new fires, many of which continue to burn.  A 2007 CBO study of FEMA’s Pre-Disaster Mitigation (PDM) program found that a very small share of the agency’s funding went toward wildfires mitigation.  Yet in the same report, CBO concluded that these infrequently funded fire mitigation projects have one of the highest returns on investment.  For every dollar FEMA has spent through the PDM fund on wildfire mitigation, it has saved more than $5 in future disaster losses.
Met with the winner of Idaho’s Tar Wars Poster Contest. Molly is from Genesee and showed me her great poster. #idpol
This evening, the U.S. Senate confirmed Richard Cordray to be the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).  I voted against Mr. Cordray's nomination.  As the Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, I will continue to work towards oversight of the CFPB to ensure accountability and transparency for the American people.
Last week, Banking Committee Chairman Senator Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota) and I announced that we had reached a bipartisan plan on reforming the Federal Housing Administration (FHA).  Now, we are unveiling our plan known as the Federal Housing Administration Solvency Act of 2013, a bill that contains effective reforms that put FHA on a path toward improving its unsustainable financial condition.  Many of these reforms include priorities from our colleagues on the Committee, and I am eager to work with them to return the FHA to a strong, self-sustaining insurance program that can remain a viable option for future homeowners.  The Crapo-Johnson bill will give the Federal Housing Administration tools to improve its financial condition, including strengthened underwriting standards, enhanced lender accountability measures, and reforms to the FHA’s reverse mortgage program.  You can read more about our plan by clicking the link below.
Tonight, in a rare meeting in the Old Senate Chamber, Democrats and Republicans came together to discuss finding a way to avert the use of the 'nuclear option' in the U.S. Senate. It was a productive and frank discussion and I hope a deal can still be reached to avoid changing Senate rules by breaking the rules. #idpol #NuclearOption
Weekly Op-Ed: Recently, Idahoans have been contacting me to share their concerns with the Common Core Standards and the federal government’s overreach in education.  Click below to read my op-ed on the subject this week.
After several months, the Chairman of the Banking Committee Senator Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota) and I have reached a bipartisan agreement on comprehensive housing finance reform legislation that will ensure the solvency of the Federal Housing Administration (FHA).  We are in the final stages of finalizing the legislative language and will have more to report next week.
Staff found this photo from my visit to the @Chobani factory back in May. #idpol #GreekYogurt
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I joined our Senate Republican colleagues in asking for a full delay of all components of Obamacare.  In the letter to President Obama, we write that Congress was not consulted on the decision to delay the employer mandate provisions in the legislation announced last week.  As such, the entire law should be shelved in order to avoid the economic harm it will cause to American families.  I have serious concerns that the administration has overstepped its authority to waive portions of the law without the consent of Congress.  Individuals still need a reprieve from this train wreck and I hope the administration will realize this, offer a permanent delay and work with Congress to enact reforms that will lower costs and increase access to health care.
PHOTO: 10-year old Carson, from Coeur d’Alene, stopped by to share his experience with diabetes. He was here representing Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. #idpol
The U.S. Senate Finance Committee, led by Chairman Max Baucus and Ranking Member Orrin Hatch, have recently announced an approach to tax reform commonly referred to as the “blank slate” approach.  This method entails eliminating all tax expenditures and then evaluating which tax provisions should be reinstated to ensure each provision is appropriate and defensible.  As a member of the Senate’s Gang of Six, I am a strong proponent of this stragety and look forward to working with colleagues to move the process ahead.  My good friend and former co-chair of the Simpson-Bowles Commission, Erskine Bowles, appeared on CNBC to reiterate his support for “blank slate.”
Yesterday, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that Idaho will be a participant in the USDA Greek Yogurt Pilot Program that I and others in Idaho have been advocating to create.  I commend the USDA for choosing to implement this pilot program in Idaho schools.  Greek yogurt is one of the country’s fastest growing industries, and I hope USDA will continue the important process of making this healthy food option increasingly available to young Americans.  Idaho, already a leading producer of milk and other yogurt-related ingredients, recently became home to the world’s largest Greek yogurt manufacturing plant in Twin Falls, which I recently had the opportunity to tour.  Our state is ideal to serve as a part of this pilot project.
The administration recently announced it is postponing the implementation of the employer mandate, a key provision in Obamacare that requires employers with 50 or more employees to provide health coverage to their workers. This delay demonstrates that the White House is finally beginning to acknowledge how flawed and problematic this law will be. The White House should not stop with just a delay of the employer mandate, but should continue with an exemption for individuals and families from the costly individual mandate.
Weekly Op-Ed: During the U.S. Senate’s recent debate of the immigration reform bill, I heard from more than 2,000 Idahoans concerned about the legislation, including many of you on Facebook.  Immigration reforms are past due.  However, the Senate bill will not stop illegal immigration while ensuring fairness for current Americans and immigrants alike.  The legislation resembles past immigration reform laws that did nothing to change the problem of illegal immigration.  No person who breaks the law and enters the U.S. illegally should obtain any benefit toward either permanent legal residency or citizenship as a result of their illegal conduct.  This is unfair to American citizens and those entering through legal channels.  I hope that the U.S. House of Representatives will address the problems in the Senate version during its consideration of immigration reform legislation, which is expected later this month.
A member of my Washington, D.C., staff shared this photo from the fireworks show on the National Mall. I hope you had a great Independence Day! #idpol #july4
Whether you are traveling or staying home, I wish you and your family a happy and safe #july4 holiday. #idpol #independenceday
News Release: The Administration’s decision to delay, by one year, the health care law mandate that forces employers to provide insurance or face a penalty is welcome news.  However, this decision only magnifies the concerns businesses, especially small business, have raised about their ability to comply with this unworkable, complicated law.  Americans overwhelmingly want solutions that deliver what they need—access to high-quality, affordable health care. This law threatens our country’s financial strength and the American way of life.  I will continue to work to repeal and replace this law that is bad for the American people.
Happy Birthday to the Gem State. #idpol #idaho #statehood
As the top Republican on the Senate Banking Committee, I have asked the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to investigate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) collection of millions of Americans’  personal credit card, banking, mortgage and student loan information.  The size and scope of this data collection warrants proper government oversight to both guard consumers' privacy and ensure that the CFPB is acting within its existing authority.  I have asked the GAO to determine exactly what data the CFPB is collecting, and for what purpose.
Last week, @SenatorRisch and I met with Idaho participants from the @jsajuniorstate Georgetown Summer School. #idpol
Weekly Op-Ed: To secure liberty in our nation, American leaders signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776.  The freedoms cemented by this and other founding charters in our nation’s history and upheld by brave Americans are the heart of our United States of America.   Our Founding Fathers clearly recognized the value of freedom and the cost of supporting and defending it.  A standard of freedom has been established here in American against which other governments are measured and many seek to emulate.  Our liberty is a powerful influence throughout the world, and we have much of which to be proud and commemorate. I join you in celebrating our freedoms and honoring those who protect them.  I wish you a wonderful Independence Day.  May God continue to bless America.
GRAPHIC: Today marks the one year anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to uphold #Obamacare as a tax. The court’s ruling further confirmed that the law violates the President’s pledge to not raise taxes on any American family making less than $250,000 per year. Idahoans overwhelmingly want solutions that deliver what they need—access to high-quality, affordable health care.  This law threatens our country’s financial strength and the American way of life.
A few nights ago on Fox News, Charles Krauthammer said, “I would personally oppose the bill if border security is just a goal and not a requirement.”  Making border security a requirement is what the American people expect and exactly why me and some of my colleagues tried to add stronger border security provisions to the bill.  When these efforts were unsuccessful, I was forced to vote against the bill despite my belief that we need rational immigration reform.
News Release: I voted against final passage of the Immigration Reform bill in the U.S. Senate.  Throughout the history of this country, our immigration laws have been periodically altered and adapted to meet our changing needs and circumstances.  It is clear that necessary reforms are past due.  However, S. 744 does not provide the types of reform to stop illegal immigration at the border while ensuring fairness for both current Americans and immigrants alike.  I co-sponsored several amendments to try and improve the bill, especially in regard to border security, but unfortunately many of these amendments were blocked and never allowed a vote.  At the core of the national character of the United States stand two principles: One, we are a nation of immigrants; within our borders every culture and ethnicity in the world is represented.  Almost all who live here can easily trace their ancestry to a foreign country.  Two, we are a peace-loving, compassionate, law-abiding society.  The United States, more than any other country, has a stable political and economic system because we respect the rule of law that maintains the peace and prosperity we enjoy.  As a U.S. Senator, I have pledged to advocate for what is best for both Idahoans and our nation.  The Senate bill is not in that interest.  We must not forget the lessons of the 1986 bill and make the same mistakes.
Just voted against final passage of the #immigration reform bill. #Senate #idpol
News Release: Senator Risch and I opposed closing debate on the Immigration Reform bill.  Comprehensive immigration reform is not something that the Senate should rush through. We need to reform our immigration policies, but I cannot support this bill as it stands.  Congress failed to reform our immigration system in 1986, and unfortunately, this bill is on a fast track to repeat the very same mistakes.  The Majority Leader has scheduled a vote on final passage of this bill at 4:00pm Eastern today.
The Banking Committee is holding a hearing today to consider the President’s nominees to various agencies.  View from the dais before the hearing begins.
Shackling a pregnant detainee is an unnecessary and outdated law enforcement practice that is strongly opposed by the medical and criminal justice communities, yet it is still legal in 32 states across the country.  Senator Patty Murray (D-Washington) and I are working to place a federal ban on the practice of shackling pregnant detainees who are in immigration detention to their hospital beds during childbirth.  The United States is a nation of laws, but also a nation of compassion, which is why this practice must end.
News Release: I am continuing my efforts to improve S.744, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act, commonly referred to as the “Immigration Reform bill” currently being debated on the Senate floor. As part of this reform, we must clarify when E-Verify photographs can and cannot be used. This amendment is in response to concerns that the federal mandate to implement E-Verify would result in a national, searchable database of vital biographic information and photographs of every American, similar to a national ID system. Americans have continually expressed opposition to a national ID system, and I will work to make sure the Department of Homeland Security is not added to the list of agencies collecting and misusing private information.
The Palmer family, from Meridian, ID, stopped by the office. It was great to take a minute out of a busy day to visit with them. #idpol
Yesterday, we received welcome news that the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on the President’s unconstitutional ‘recess’ appointments to the National Labor Relations Board.  The Constitution gives the president the power to make temporary appointments to fill positions that otherwise require confirmation by the Senate, but only when the Senate is in recess.  Last year, the President made these appointments when the Senate was convening for pro forma sessions, and therefore not in recess.  All 45 Republicans in the Senate have filed a friend of the court brief asserting that the President "made an unprecedented power grab" by making these recess appointments.
Last night, the U.S. Senate held a procedural vote on a so-called border security amendment to the Immigration Reform bill.  However, this amendment falls short of what Idahoans expect for securing our borders and I opposed Cloture.  Before any immigration reform can take effect, our borders must be secured, but this amendment fails to include real benchmarks while granting legal status immediately.  Additionally, after legal status is granted, there is no incentive for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to meet these new requirements.  The American people have witnessed this before with the failed congressional attempt at immigration reform in 1986, and again with the failure to build the fence in 2006.  However, many of these outstanding issues could be addressed through a full amendment process.  It is disappointing that the Majority Leader has chosen to rush this bill through rather than amend it.  Border Security must be a requirement, not a goal.
Weekly Op-Ed: June is National Dairy Month, a time to recognize the dairy industry’s significant contribution to the world.  Idaho dairy producers and processors are leading the charge in developing and producing innovative dairy products that are feeding families within and beyond Idaho’s borders.  For example, Glanbia Foods is the largest American-style cheese manufacturer in the United States and one of the largest whey ingredient producers, and Chobani’s award-winning Twin Falls Greek yogurt facility produces nearly 1 million cases of Greek yogurt per week.  As we celebrate the important contributions of the dairy industry, we must start here in Idaho and continually make progress in increasing access to Idaho dairy products.
Owyhee County Treasurer and former Owyhee Initiative Board Member Brenda Richards speak during the McClure Center on Public Policy Symposium regarding the effect on local governments from federal budget cuts. Staff attended this event in Boise. #idpol #uidaho #budget
Estate taxes have placed an unfair burden on American families, especially our nation’s farmers and small business owners.  It is a tragedy that some of Idaho’s families are forced to sell their farms or small businesses simply to pay federal estate or “death” taxes. I have long been a supporter of eliminating the estate tax, which is why I am co-sponsoring my colleague Senator John Thune’s (R-South Dakota) legislation to repeal the tax.
The University of Idaho McClure Center Symposium on Fiscal issues is starting. You can watch the program here.
News Release: The Idaho Delegation is following the recent developments surrounding Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl of Hailey, Idaho,  very closely.  We continue to keep Bowe and his family in our thoughts and prayers.
Enjoyed visiting with exchange students, Sophie and Mia, in my Washington, D.C., office.  Both students resided in Idaho during their participation in the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange Program.
The Majority Leader chose to kill Senator John Cornyn’s RESULTS amendment that I am co-sponsoring by moving to table the amendment.  The amendment deserved an up-or-down vote and I am disappointed that the Senate voted to disregard legislation that would have added real border security benchmarks to the immigration bill.  More must be done to ensure our nation’s borders are secure.
News Release: I am co-sponsoring an amendment to the immigration reform bill that would require real border security benchmarks be met.  The comprehensive bill will not gain my support unless border enforcement is completed first.  Before any permanent residential status can be given, the southern border must be secured to prevent an illegal immigration problem from occurring in the future.  The Cornyn amendment should get a vote because Idahoans expect the borders of this country to be secure, and so do I.
My good friend from Utah, Senator Orrin Hatch, had a great editorial in the Wall Street Journal about the Internal Revenue Service and Obamacare.  Orrin asks a key question, “if the IRS can't manage an increase of 1,700 applications for tax-exempt status that the agency said spurred its targeting of conservative groups, how will the IRS handle its massive new role in implementing ObamaCare?”  We have tried to get answers from the administration on how the Obamacare office at the IRS will operate, but so far our efforts have been unsuccessful.  Frankly, I am extremely concerned about the IRS’s central role in the implementation of this massive law.
News Release: The U.S. Senate has adopted the amendment to the Immigration Reform package that Montana Senator Jon Tester and I offered.  This amendment will add four tribal representatives—two from the northern region and two from the southern region—to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Border Oversight Task Force. These border communities know the land better than anyone, including its vulnerabilities and threats.  Tribes on both the northern and southern borders will now be included to improve public safety and better communicate with law enforcement.
.@SenatorRisch and I did not let the rain stop us today from welcoming over 30 Idaho educators to the Capitol. #idpol #idedu #ided
News Release: The Administration announced the annual Payment In Lieu of Taxes (PILT) payments for local governments across the country, including those in Idaho.  Senator Jim Risch and I oppose the administration’s decision to cut these payments to meet sequester benchmarks.  Nearly 80 percent of Idaho’s counties depend on these instrumental funds that help provide for schools, road maintenance, law enforcement and emergency response.  It is unthinkable that the administration would target its cut obligations to counties rather than cuts within its discretionary spending.  The President claims he has made job creation and opportunity in rural areas a top priority for his Administration, yet these cuts will further exhaust and strain the resources of our rural communities.
Recording a welcome message for the next University of Idaho McClure Center Symposium with Congress Mike Simpson. #idpol #uidaho #idaho
Another photo from the weekend stop at the U.S. Forest Service McCall Smokejumper base. #idpol
Did you see the recent article about the yogurt company that is growing as fast as Google and Facebook?  Five years after selling the first case of Greek-style yogurt, Chobani, in October 2007, reached $1 billion in annual revenue. This kind of growth is unprecedented, particularly for a startup in the packaged-goods industry business—and rare in the tech world.  Idaho is proud of this company and grateful to be home to the world’s largest yogurt manufacturing plant in Twin Falls.
Weekly Op-Ed: Last year, more than 1,000 wildland fires burned more than 1.6 million acres in Idaho alone.  As we prepare for another potentially difficult fire season , we must take steps to better ensure the safety of our communities.  While landowners have a role in improving defensible space around homes, the principal part of decreasing wildfire threat is improving the management of federal lands to reduce fuel loads.   We cannot thank wildland firefighters, response coordinators, local governments, fire departments and law enforcement officials enough. These individuals sometimes work around-the-clock to protect us from devastating fires.  Let’s all work together to reduce the threat of large-scale wildfires.
Fathers play an important role in our children's lives. Today I wish all fathers in Idaho a Happy Fathers' Day. Enjoy time today and every day with your family. What are you doing to celebrate your dad today?
Thanks to the folks at the U.S. Forest Service’s McCall Smokejumper base for the tour. #idpol
Congrats to my friend, former Governor Phil Batt. The Idaho Transportation Department Headquarters was named in his honor. My staff attended the ceremony.
News Release: Recently, reports have surfaced that the President is being encouraged to use his authority to designate federal lands as national monuments to prevent these lands from being used for oil and gas exploration. I joined nine other Republican Senators in a letter to President Obama expressing alarm at these reports and urging against unilaterally designating any areas as national monuments.  The President needs to remember that the modest economic growth the country has seen over the last five years has come from oil and gas production on private and state-owned lands.  Further, this production has helped lower energy costs and our dependence on foreign sources of oil.
Celebrating #FlagDay. The American Flag flying over the Library of Congress. #USA #OldGlory
News Release: I am co-sponsoring an amendment with Senator Jon Tester (D-Montana) that would add tribal representation to the Border Oversight Taskforce created under the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act that is currently being debated on the Senate floor.  Our amendment would add four tribal representatives to the task force: two from the Northern Region and two from the Southern Region.  Currently, the task force excludes tribal representatives despite sections of our borders running through tribal lands, including land in Idaho.
I continue to be concerned by data collection efforts that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has undertaken, and many questions about this practice remain unanswered.  The bureau is amassing large amounts of data on consumer spending, including credit cards, mortgages, auto loans, overdrafts and payday loans.  When trust of government is at an all-time low, how can consumers be assured they are being watched out for, and not watched?
Had the opportunity to visit with Trevor Finch, Idaho's Senate Page. Trevor is doing an excellent job and I look forward to seeing him again on the Senate Floor.
PHOTO: Idaho students are in town for the National History Day competition. Can't wait to hear how this group does!
News Release: The hands-on learning experiences about the political and governing process that congressional internships provide are invaluable, which is why I am thrilled to have nine new interns in my Washington, D.C., and state offices for the summer semester.  To learn more about Rachel, John, Katharine, Angie, Max, Dave, Jake, Paul and Gary, click the link below.
Enjoyed meeting with teachers and students from Taylor View Middle School, from Twin Falls. #idpol
The U.S. Senate is officially considering the Immigration Reform bill. We need an open amendment process and significant changes must occur before I could support the bill. I will continue to evaluate the 1,944 page bill and welcome your input.
BuzzFeed called me a "rustic Senate pioneer" for using Vine, a new mobile app by Twitter that lets users shoot and share brief video content.  You can read the story by clicking the link below.
The U.S. Senate Farm Bill took positive steps toward market-oriented reforms, but the price tag of the bill was cause for me to vote no.  More than three-quarters of annual spending associated with the bill goes toward non-farm programs.  In our current economic climate it is imperative that we practice financial restraint and get our spending problem under control.  In addition to the cost, the Majority blocked reform-minded amendments like the SCRAP Act amendment, that Senator Risch and I introduced to defund the FDA’s misguided fresh produce rule.  The U.S. House is working on its Farm Bill and I hope when the two bills meet in Conference improvements can be made.
Weekly Op-Ed: The recently-revealed targeting of conservative groups by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for additional tax scrutiny is outrageous and goes against the freedoms on which our nation was founded.  We must do everything we can to hold the IRS accountable for these inexcusable attempts to silence political dissent, and strong reforms must be implemented to ensure that these actions do not ever happen again.  I will continue to press for answers, accountability and actions to ensure this intolerable practice does not resurface.
According to a recent study, my hometown is the 10th cheapest U.S. city to live.  What is your favorite thing about Idaho Falls?
If you're visiting Washington, D.C., please be sure to stop by and visit my office in Dirksen 239. #idpol #idaho #senate
This week, the D.C. office and I welcomed some fantastic young people to serve as our summer interns. I am excited to have them and know they will learn a great deal.
News Release: After Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minnesota) and I urged swift action to implement our formaldehyde legislation, the EPA has moved forward with rules to protect consumers from dangerous chemicals in wood products.  Our legislation, signed into law in 2010, creates a formaldehyde emission standard for manufactured and imported wood products and also establish a third-party certification process to ensure these standards are met. Americans expect to be safe within their own homes and having a national formaldehyde standard will not only protect our families, but also work to maintain a level playing field for our American producers.
VIDEO: I questioned U.S. Department of State Under Secretary for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman at a Senate Banking hearing about what the department is doing to free imprisoned Boise Pastor Saeed Abedini from Iranian captivity.
News Release: As we continue to work on the Farm Bill, colleagues and I are offering an amendment to try to improve the bill.  Senator Jim Risch and I joined Senators Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Mark Udall (D-Colorado) in introducing an amendment that would reinstate fresh white potatoes as eligible for purchase under the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) program.  The Secretary of Agriculture should not exclude the eligibility of any variety of fresh vegetables from being included as supplemental foods under the WIC program.  Idaho potatoes are popular, affordable and nutritional, yet this commodity continues to be unfairly targeted despite WIC managers and staff across the country expressing support.
Agriculture is a billion-dollar industry in Idaho, employing tens of thousands of people, making the Farm Bill very important to our state.  The U.S. Senate is still debating the bill and last week, I spoke with KTVB about the legislation.
Idaho Senator Mike Crapo traveled Idaho during the Memorial Day state work week meeting with various individuals and groups.
Had a productive discussion on transportation issues with Idaho Sand & Gravel and Idaho Concrete. #idpol #idaho
Last Friday, program trustees reported that Medicare will reach insolvency in 2026, and Social Security shortly after in 2033. Congress cannot continue to ignore the fact that these programs are unsustainable and must be reformed to protect current beneficiaries and future generations.
Op-Ed: The administration’s decision to cut Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) and Secure Rural Schools and Self Determination Act (SRS) payments is one that is baseless and can have significant impacts on local communities.  Federal lands cannot be taxed by local or state governments, and local communities have little control over management of these lands within their jurisdiction.  Laws have been enacted that provide payments to offset the impact of the presence of federal lands.  Due to the large amount of National Forest System land in Idaho, nearly 80 percent of Idaho’s counties receive county payments.  The administration has proposed reductions in these essential county payments, rather than making cuts within its discretionary spending to meet sequestration targets.  I will continue to press for a resolution that ensures the federal government meets its responsibility and removes the uncertainty currently facing many rural communities.
New Jersey and the U.S. Senate lost an American Hero this morning with the passing of U.S. Senator Frank Lautenberg.  Frank’s death brings an end to an era of World War II veterans serving in the Senate.  I have worked with the New Jersey Senator on many important issues and will miss his wisdom.  My thoughts and prayers are with his family and all of New Jersey as they mourn the loss of a true public servant.
Meeting with Silver Valley mayors and the Shoshone County commissioners about the Silver Valley central water treatment facility. #idaho #idpol #northidaho
Yesterday, Idaho Governor Butch Otter and I awarded some long overdue medals to a couple members of the greatest generation.  The service of George and Joe came at a particularly difficult time, when other Japanese-Americans were being incarcerated in the United States, incarcerated right here in Idaho. Yet, they were willing and able to go out and serve their country. We can never thank these brothers enough for their service.
Took this photo of Lake Coeur d'Alene last night.
We made it to Coeur d’Alene. It is always great to be back in this beautiful area of our state. Looking forward to traveling around north Idaho tomorrow.
Today, in Boise, I joined Idaho State Representative Christy Perry and Idaho State Senator Marv Hagedorn at Perry’s Buckhorn Gun Shop to discuss the importance of a new bill in Congress that would address federal crime by improving treatment for mental illness. We cannot continue to further restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens. Safeguarding the public should begin with enforcing and perfecting current laws while improving our mental health standards and addressing our culture of violence.
Some time ago, Senator Charles Schumer (D-New York) and I encouraged the USDA to incorporate Greek yogurt into school lunch menus.  Besides giving our kids a healthy, protein-filled option, the inclusion of Greek yogurt will mean great things for Idaho’s economy and agriculture industry.  Not only will Twin Falls continue to benefit from the Chobani plant, Idaho’s dairy producers will play a large role in yogurt production.
This morning, I joined Idaho Governor C.L. “Butch” Otter at the Statehouse to present the Congressional Gold Medal to George and Joe Koyama, two of Idaho's World War II veterans. George was wounded by a grenade while manning a foxhole and received the Purple Heart. Joe, served stateside at Fort Snelling in Minnesota. These men are an inspiration for their courage and heroism. George and Joe, we thank you for your service.
Heard about the Wood River Ability Program that helps wounded veterans develop new skills in outdoor recreation. #idpol #veterans #idvets #memorialday
"We as a nation are proud to be Americans and we cherish our freedoms that these men and women have given the ultimate sacrifice to protect."  This is a line from the remarks I gave at the Field of Heroes closing ceremony on Memorial Day.  KPVI has a great story on the event that you should check out.
Enjoyed being in-studio with Kelly and Jill on their program "Top Story" on KLIX Radio in Twin Falls.  We discussed some important topics and took questions from several callers.
Wrapped up a great day seeing and visiting with Idahoans throughout eastern and southern Idaho. Tomorrow we start in Twin Falls before heading to Sun Valley. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram.
A windy day in Twin Falls, but that did not stop our tour of the @Chobani plant—a fantastic facility!
Thanks to the Mini-Cassia Chamber of Commerce for having me. It was wonderful to visit with all of you.
We had a great discussion this morning at the Traumatic Brain Injury Summit on the campus of Idaho State University. This was Idaho’s first major forum on TBI injuries and treatment.
Are you on Instagram? You can follow my account by clicking the link, or by searching “Mike Crapo” within the Instagram application on the iPhone, iPad or Android devices.
Just arrived back home in Idaho Falls after speaking at the Field of Heroes closing ceremony at Century High School in Pocatello.  The event was a great way to remember and honor the service of our military members who have given so much for this great country.  Thanks to all those involved in this event.
A Memorial Day message.
Congress and the American people need answers from the IRS. Like and Share if you agree.
My colleague and friend, Senator Rob Portman (R-Ohio), had a great editorial in USA today about the administration’s lack of transparency and accountability.  These recent controversies coming out of Washington are further weakening Americans trust and confidence in our government.  Congress and the American people deserve answers.  As Rob says, “only when we get to the bottom of these incidents can we begin to rebuild the bridge of trust between us as citizens and our federal government in Washington, D.C.”
News Release: I commend Senators Frank Lautenberg (D-New Jersey) and David Vitter (R-Lousisana) for working together to modernize our chemical safety laws.  After almost twenty-five years, we have a significant bipartisan environmental reform measure that I am proud to be a part of and to have helped negotiate.  The Chemical Safety Improvement Act works to improve the safety of American consumers, while recognizing the enormous benefit the chemical industry brings to the economy.
VIDEO: Yesterday, I asked U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew if he thought the IRS targeting just happened. Watch the exchange and tell me what you think.
News Release: The FDA is joining a long list of federal agencies pushing costly regulations on Idaho farmers, which is why Senator Jim Risch and Michigan Congressman Dr. Dan Benishek and I have introduced the SCRAP Act, or Stopping Costly Regulations Against Produce, in the U.S. House and Senate.  This legislation would defund the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) proposed fresh produce rule.  This rule will have a major impact on Idaho’s agriculture community by driving up costs on small and mid-sized farmers, leading to significant drops in food production and higher prices.  I have offered the bill as an amendment to the Farm Bill and will continue to work with colleagues to get a vote.
Received an important update from officials with the Seattle District U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) on two Corps projects in Idaho.
VIDEO: Today, I had the opportunity to question Internal Revenue Service (IRS) officials at a Senate Finance hearing.  I expressed to the Inspector General for Tax Administration that I could not see how an agency as powerful as the IRS engage in this kind of conduct and it not be politically motivated.  If you look at the IRS, perhaps more than any other agency of government, it has the capacity to be the prosecutor, the judge, the jury and the executioner in ways that can devastate individuals, families and businesses.  It is inconceivable for the American people to believe the notion to target these individuals just coalesced and came together. http://youtu.be/fx9hhVWHRgU
It has been a great day!  Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes.
Weekly Op-Ed: Multiple use of public lands remains the most effective utilization of our natural resources, and it is the guiding law for their management.  If we allow multiple use to disappear from current management discussions and decisions, it will have long-term impacts.  That is why it is critically important that we remain active in ensuring that multiple use is not forgotten by public lands agencies.  We should also encourage federal land managers to be good neighbors to the private landowners, state and tribes that border public lands.  Multiple use of our natural resources helps ensure that our public lands continue to benefit all of us.  This important management focus must remain at the forefront of public land decision making.
New revelation in the IRS scandal: We have now learned that the individual leading the tax-exempt unit at the agency has been reassigned to lead the department responsible for the implementation of Obamacare.  Why?  This is unacceptable.  Idahoans are concerned with what is going on at the IRS and do not want this organization involved in their health care.
News Release: Today, Senator Ron Wyden (D-Oregon) and I, along with Senator Jim Risch, Congressman Mike Simpson and a bipartisan group of senators, and U.S. House members, introduced bills to provide certainty to rural counties and forestry companies and their workers, by reaffirming the Environmental Protection Agency’s 37-year-old policy toward regulation of runoff from forest roads.  The decision to change a program that deferred the regulation of logging road runoff to individual states has brought increased hardships causing job losses and jeopardizing our rural communities.  This bipartisan legislation will clarify that the Clean Water Act was not intended to regulate stormwater runoff on forest roads and allow the focus of private, state and federal land managers to return to improving forest management.
The resignation of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Acting Commissioner was welcome news, but for two years the IRS has denied there was any targeting of conservative groups.  This does not change the need for a full investigation which is why all members of the U.S. Senate Republican Conference wrote to the President asking for full cooperation as Congress begins its investigation.
Earlier today, I visited with Andrew & his young son, Charlie, from Boise about energy policy. Charlie had some tough questions and great ideas.
News Release: Yesterday, I wrote U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, along with all Republican members of the committee, expressing concern that the agency is soliciting private donations to assist with funding for Obamacare.  HHS soliciting private funds is a conflict of interest and further foretells the problems with Obamacare.  HHS must demonstrate legal grounds for its actions.
The U.S. Senate just completed action on the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA).  WRDA is a good bill that will bring jobs and infrastructure improvements to all parts of Idaho.
PHOTO: My Washington, D.C., staff joined me on the Capitol steps for a photo this afternoon. I am blessed to work with a fantastic team.
The news from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that it has been politically profiling conservative groups is alarming and unacceptable.  The American people must have confidence that the IRS and its employees will operate in an independent fashion.  All personnel involved in this wrongdoing from top to bottom must be held accountable and an investigation must begin immediately.
Weekly Op-Ed: I recently learned through news reports that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau allocated more than $20 million to collect and track spending habits of more than 10 million Americans.  This is concerning to me, and should be to any American with a credit card, checking or other financial account.  The Bureau was founded with a mission to watch out for American consumers, not watch them.   As Ranking Member of the Senate Banking Committee, I will continue to press for reforms to this agency so that consumers are guaranteed they are properly protected.
My mother had such an influence on my life. Happy Mother’s Day to all of Idaho’s moms and thanks for everything you do.
A great moment happened a week ago today at One World Trade Center. This photo is from the 100th floor, which got its spire.
PHOTO: Earlier today, I met LTCs William and Scott, from Idaho, and some of their fellow U.S. Army War College classmates.
Complying with Obamacare will take nearly 190 million hours per year, according to a new study.  Did you know that this annual burden to comply with the law is enough time to build Mount Rushmore more than 1,500 times over?  The economy is in a fragile state and this law will make it more difficult to do business and spur job growth.
I will be joining Steve Malzberg live to discuss sequestration, the debt and deficit, jobs and the economy.  Click below to listen.  http://www.newsmax.com/live
In this fragile economy, I remain very concerned about the unemployment rate among America’s young people, those between the ages of 25 to 34 years old.  Unfortunately, the U.S. has now surpassed much of Europe in the percentage of young adults who are unemployed.  The policies coming out of Washington, D.C., are not doing anything to help alleviate this growing problem especially with the coming implementation of Obamacare.  More and more young adults are being forced into part time jobs or settling for employment that is beneath their education level.
Earlier today, I stepped out of the U.S. Senate Banking hearing to visit with Abigail and Katie.  These young ladies are Idaho’s top youth volunteers of 2013 and have received The Prudential Spirit of Community Award for their service.  Abigail and Katie are a great example for all Idahoans.
Last night, I voted against the Marketplace Fairness Act.  Marketplace Fairness is a states’ rights bill that would lead to pro-growth tax policies that focus on consumption.  I voted against the bill because there was not an open amendment process to allow for needed improvements.  Amendments were not allowed to protect Idaho small businesses and clarify that the bill wouldn’t lead to a tax on online financial transactions.  I will continue to monitor this bill as it now goes to the U.S. House of Representatives for consideration.
Weekly Op-Ed: Over the last several weeks, many Idahoans have contacted me about funding cuts to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that would impact the contracted control towers—including those in Idaho Falls, Lewiston, Hailey and Pocatello.  Like many of my colleagues in Congress, I am disappointed that the FAA chose to make these cuts in ways that would impact Idaho’s rural communities the hardest.  I will continue to work with other members of the U.S. Senate and the FAA to make sure we keep these essential services operational.
Happy Cinco de Mayo to Idahoans of Mexican heritage! Cinco de Mayo is a day to commemorate freedom and to celebrate heritage and culture.
Great news for Rexburg and eastern Idaho with the opening of the new maternity center at Madison Memorial Hospital.
NA
Have you heard the increasing concerns about the implementation of Obamacare from the very people who helped write the law?  This “train wreck” is going to impact all Americans with a bureaucratic mess leading to skyrocketing premiums, higher taxes, and drops in coverage, some of which we are already seeing with much of the law not even fully implemented.
The Idaho Congressional Delegation is calling for “strong public input” next week as the U.S. Bureau of Land Management opens the public comment period on the agency’s final Environmental Impact Statement on the Gateway West Power Project.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I want the President to become directly involved in solving the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) backlog affecting more than 600,000 veterans.  The problem has been exacerbated by an increasing number of service members returning home from operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.  I have seen the excitement and relief when a solider comes home, and we cannot let their needs become mired in a growing backlog of service and treatment.  With the average Idaho veteran waiting almost a year for a claim, this problem must be fixed now.
Have you ever wondered how my day unfolds as a U.S. Senator for the state of Idaho?  KMVT, from Twin Falls, recently visited my Washington, D.C., office to find out.  Click the link to read more.
Op-Ed: The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) recently released its annual report to Congress identifying ways that can increase efficiency and save tens of billions of dollars annually in federal spending.  GAO found 31 new opportunities to provide significant savings that Congress should act on immediately.  GAO also found that 12 percent of the 131 areas GAO identified in its past two reports were addressed, while 66 percent were partially addressed and nearly 21 percent were not addressed.  Clearly, progress is needed in reducing unnecessary spending and duplication.  With a soaring national debt, federal program overlap must be part of common-sense spending reductions.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I have reintroduced the Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act.  Harvesting of polar bears was banned on May 14, 2008 when the species was listed as threatened; however, this ban prevented hunters who had legally killed a polar bear in Canada prior to this date from importing their trophy hide.  This measure would allow those hunters impacted to import the trophies that belong to them.  Bureaucratic restrictions put in place after the legal hunt took place should not prevent these hunters from their harvest.
FAA UPDATE: Glad to see the U.S. Senate has found a solution to extend flexibility to the FAA to deal with furloughs without gimmicks or taxes. The solution will also protect the FAA contract towers, including those in Idaho Falls, Lewiston, Hailey and Pocatello.
Have you been traveling this week and been delayed at an airport due to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) furloughs of air traffic controllers?  The White House is claiming the furloughs are necessary because of sequester spending cuts.  The FAA has the flexibility to make other spending cuts and avoid these furloughs.  In fact, the FAA could make cuts to the $2.7 billion it spends on non-personnel costs, but instead it is choosing to hurt the American traveler with air travel delays.  I am hopeful a solution can be worked out soon.
It is an exciting day for my friend, Former President George W. Bush and his wife, Laura. Congrats to them on the opening of the George W. Bush Presidential Center.  You can watch the opening ceremony by clicking the link below.
Today, I joined North Carolina Senator Kay Hagan and Idaho Senator Jim Risch in introducing Sensible Environmental Protection Act (SEPA).  SEPA clarifies that Clean Water Act permits are not required for pesticide applications in or near water and does away with a duplicative regulation.  These pesticide applications are one of several ways Idaho’s farmers and ranchers are being buried by costly regulations that provide little benefit to their intended purposes.  Congress must provide relief to our local communities in order to kick-start job growth and economic prosperity.
Enjoyed speaking to the Chambers of Commerce from the Inland NW Region in the Capitol.
Have you heard that I launched a new website this morning?  Below is a photo of the new homepage and a link to visit the new site.  I hope you will explore the site and check out the updated features.  Please let me know what you think. 
 www.crapo.senate.gov
VIDEO: It was recently brought to my attention that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has allocated more than $20 million to collect the customer spending habits of more than 10 million Americans.  The Bureau was founded with a mission to watch out for American consumers, not to watch them.  Watch my opening remarks at today’s Senate Banking hearing on the CFPB’s semi-annual report to Congress.
PHOTO: Produced in Twin Falls, Chobani is now featured as a home state product for Idahoans to enjoy while visiting my Washington, D.C., office.
News Release: Idaho Senator Jim Risch and I are seeking to redirect federal transportation funding to keep airport towers in Idaho open.  The legislation seeks to stop cuts by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that would remove contracted control tower service in many small cities around the nation, including Idaho airports in Lewiston, Hailey, Pocatello and Idaho Falls.  There are ways to keep FAA towers open using unobligated research and capital funds from prior appropriations bills, but the FAA has not endorsed these alternatives.  This legislation, which is growing in support, will change the situation.
Weekly Op-Ed: Collaborative conservation efforts are the best way to ensure a healthy environment and a lasting commitment.  Voluntary efforts are preferable to heavy-handed, blunt regulations that often result in little actual improvement.  I have long advocated that on-the-ground results are the best measurement of conservation program effectiveness.  Citing the number of fines or permits granted pales in comparison to reporting actual resource improvements.  For this reason, I have found voluntary, incentive-based measures are the best way to realize environmental gains.  As a sportsman and grandfather, I place tremendous value on the protection of our natural resources.  There are ways to realize environmental protections without crippling businesses and impacting job creation.
To all those involved in the capturing of the Boston bombing suspect, well done!
Could not agree more with Senator Max Baucus (D-Montana) on his assessment of the implementation of Obamacare. It will be a “train wreck.”
ICYMI: Yesterday, I passed the 3000 follower mark on Twitter. Are you following me on Twitter (@MikeCrapo)?
Great to be with Idahoans as I accepted the American Bar Association Justice Award for my work on the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).
I am heading to the Senate Floor to vote against the Manchin/Toomey background check proposal to the Firearms bill.  More background checks will not prevent firearms from getting into criminals hands, but will only serve to hinder law-abiding Idahoans access to firearms.
News Release: Yesterday, I joined a bipartisan group of colleagues to renew provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Extension Act (NAWCA).  The Gem State has 16 NAWCA projects that are either complete or now underway.  For example, The Henry’s Fork provides crucial migration stopovers, nesting grounds and foraging areas for 550,000 ducks, geese and swans and over 200,000 other wetland-dependent migratory birds.  NAWCA grants are used to protect and restore the quality wetlands and associated upland habitats in all 50 states, Canada and Mexico.
The flag over the U.S. Capitol is flying at half-staff for the victims in Boston.  Our prayers continue to be with them, their families and all those impacted by the tragic event.
Please join me in keeping the people of Boston in your thoughts and prayers!
Op-Ed: Businesses should expect that our government will not pursue policies when the costs outweigh the benefits.  Unfortunately, there are many federal regulations that hinder business and job growth, while providing little benefit to the regulation’s intended purposes.  Recently, Idahoans have shared personal experiences with how the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has affected their daily lives and business.  A concerned farmer shared his story about the Clean Water Act, saying it has prevented him from spraying weeds.  While I support ensuring we have clean air, water and soil, we cannot do it by burying our businesses and farms.
PHOTO: The Cherry Blossoms are in full bloom around Washington, D.C.
News Release: Today, the U.S. Senate voted 68-31 to move a firearms package to the floor for debate.  I joined several colleagues in voting against the legislation, finding that it further restricts the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Idahoans.  It is my firm belief that the federal government cannot deny a law-abiding citizen his or her Second Amendment right.  Current gun laws simply need to be enforced, rather than implementing a sweeping gun control package.
Yesterday, I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with 4-H students from the University of Idaho.  They will learn a great deal at their conference this week in Washington, D.C.
News Release: After a two month delay and missing the legal deadline, President Barack Obama today submitted his Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 Budget to Congress.  My commitment to work with the President remains unchanged, but this budget, filled with trillions of dollars in tax hikes and new spending, will continue to be a drag on an already anemic economy that is struggling to produce jobs.  Just like the Senate majority party’s budget, this proposal does nothing to address our debt crisis and is not balanced.
PHOTO: After a two month delay and missing the legal deadline, the White House today submitted its Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 Budget to Congress.
The study, issued Tuesday by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) following a three-year investigation, found 31 new areas of redundant or wasteful spending.  We must cut spending and these 31 areas would be a great place to start.
News Release: Earlier today, I announced several staff changes in my Washington, D.C., office.  Click the link below to read more.
Did you see the editorial in the Wall Street Journal from Senator Max Baucus (D-Montana) and Congressman Dave Camp (R-Michigan)?  These men chair the two committees in the Senate and House that are responsible for our tax laws.  Many of you have heard me say that our tax code is one of the most complex, anti-competitive and difficult to comply with codes in the world.  I look forward to continuing work with Chairman Baucus and Camp to reform our tax code to make it fairer for families and spark economic growth.
Op-Ed: A brownfield is a property where redevelopment or reuse is complicated by actual or perceived environmental contamination.  There are currently 224 brownfield-eligible sites in Idaho alone and even when these sites do not pose a threat to health, the mere perception of contamination can discourage redevelopment.  The Brownfields Program provides assistance to clean up any contamination and prepare the site for redevelopment.  The best way to grow jobs on these properties is by working together in a timely manner to clean up and redevelop the properties.  I will continue to work with my colleagues toward advancing this legislation that can help more Idaho communities redevelop properties into productive businesses.
Saddened to learn this morning of the death of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, an inspirational leader who served Britain and the world well.  My prayers go out to the British people and Lady Thatcher’s family.  May her legacy continue to inspire us all.
Statement: The unexpected passing of Chairman Gibson brings great sadness to the Tribes, the Owyhee area, to myself and to Idaho.  Terry was an outstanding leader and he was my friend.  He was always a trusted partner and strong leader with the courage and foresight to tackle the many issues facing the Tribes.  My prayers are with his wife, Debbie, his children, his family and all of the people of the Shoshone-Paiute Tribes.
The news from the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that it will delay the closures of all 149 federal contract air traffic control towers until June 15 is welcome news for airport towers in Idaho, but now we must find a long-term solution.
NA
News Release: Today, I joined several of my colleagues in a letter to U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) reaffirming my opposition to any legislation that would restrict American’s Second Amendment rights.  This right was given to us by our founders and has been consistently upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court.  I will continue to make sure law-abiding Idahoans do not have their rights infringed upon.
Despite the United Nation's approving the Arms Treaty, I will continue to oppose it in the U.S. Senate.  International regulations and treaties must not infringe on the 2nd amendment rights of Idahoans.  “Like” if you agree.
Hope you will join me in continuing to pray for Bowe's safe return home.
Weekly Op-Ed: For the first time in almost four years, the U.S. Senate marked up and completed action on a budget.  This debate was welcomed, as it is required by law to take up and pass a budget.  However, the budget that passed is more of the same old irresponsible budgeting.  I joined many colleagues in offering amendments to improve the bill, but ultimately there was not much change from the blueprint I voted against in committee.  We must do better and I will continue to press for the enactment of sound fiscal policy that controls spending and reforms our over-burdensome tax code.
Good Easter Sunday Morning—a day to celebrate the resurrection of Christ! Happy Easter to you and your family!
NA
I have talked about the need for tax reform for many years now, and it remains a top priority of mine, but recently there has been a lot of talk about closing loopholes and exclusions in order to bring in more revenue and calling it ‘tax reform.’  Unfortunately, this increased revenue will not go to paying down our debt and deficit, but instead to increased spending.  Tax reform should include the elimination of loopholes in order to lower the rates and broaden the base.  As Charles Krauthammer notes in this article, ‘tax reform is a way not to fatten the Treasury but to clean the tax code.’
In the early hours of Saturday morning, one of my amendments to the budget resolution received a vote on the U.S. Senate Floor Floor.  The Majority party's budget included $275 billion in health care entitlement savings, but did not include that amount in the reconciliation instruction.  If this amendment had been agreed to, the instruction to health savings would have been included and, therefore, a top priority.   http://youtu.be/MIb9mVjRufQ
Op-Ed: The President recently signed the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) into law for another five years-- a bright spot in our divided government.  Some of you know that it was a trip to a children's shelter in Twin Falls a number of years ago that galvanized my support for abuse prevention.  The VAWA legislation will help prevent domestic and sexual violence and ensure continued services for victims.
News Release: Around 5:00AM this morning, I walked out of the Capitol building after voting against the Senate budget resolution.  The budget is the first brought to the Floor in almost four years by the Majority party, but does nothing to solve our debt crisis. It increases spending 62% over the next 10 years, raises taxes $1.5 trillion dollars and does nothing to reform entitlements. Congress cannot continue to kick the can-- time is running out to address our mounting debt and deficits.
News Release: Senator Jim Risch and I joined Nevada Senator Dean Heller to introduce an amendment that ensure collaboration in sage grouse recovery. We need to insert common sense into federal discussions about sage grouse protection, which this amendment aims to do.
VIDEO: Despite the President’s pledge at that time not to raise taxes by even one dime on middle income Americans, we now know that Obamacare does raise taxes.  The Joint Tax Committee indicated that there were at least seven taxes in the health care law that will hit the middle class.  My amendment, offered earlier today, would have repealed those taxes and protected the President’s pledge.  Unfortunately, the amendment failed along party lines. http://youtu.be/mKb6VxVQwMc
Despite the loss last night by Boise State, staff and I enjoyed some great Bronco cookies today. How is your bracket doing?
News Release: Several colleagues and I have introduced legislation to repeal the Health Insurance Tax (HIT) in Obamacare.  The taxes and fees in this law are causing health care costs to rise and drops in coverage to occur.  Saturday marks the third anniversary of the signing of Obamacare.  Taxes like HIT have not even gone into effect and are already causing premiums to rise.
For the first time in almost four years, the U.S. Senate is debating a budget resolution.  There are currently 34 hours of debate remaining.  Click the link to watch.
News Release: Almost daily, Idahoans contact me with their stories about the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  Many of the EPA requirements needlessly drive up costs affecting the bottom line for business and industry further hurting Idaho’s economy.  Do you have a story of how the EPA has negatively impacted your business or farm?  Share it with me below or my emailing EPA_Stories@Crapo.senate.gov.
It is reasons like the long bureaucratic application process that make Obamacare bad for Idahoans.
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking to the National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW) yesterday and appreciate the award presented to me.
News Release: Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD) and I have reintroduced the Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program Enhancement Act.  This bipartisan bill would help meet the growing demand for veterinarians nationwide by eliminating taxes on programs that encourage veterinarians to practice in underserved areas.
I joined my colleagues on the Banking Committee in a bipartisan vote to move the nomination of Mary Jo White to be a commissioner of the Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) out of committee.  Ms. White gave a very clear commitment to pursue the SEC’s statutory mandates, and I fully support her confirmation.  With respect to the nomination of Richard Cordray to be Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), my position remains unchanged: until structural changes are made to ensure accountability and transparency at the bureau, I will continue to oppose any nominee for Director.
Op-Ed: The Institute for Energy Research (IER) recently released a study showing that expanding our domestic energy could create millions of jobs and increase revenue to help reduce our federal debt.  This expansion in domestic energy should include the opening of federal lands to production.  It is necessary that a successful national energy policy be shaped like a financial portfolio made up of many different energy sources.  The potential contained in American domestic energy production must not be overlooked or stifled with over-burdensome regulations.
Congrats to Boise State on making the play-in game in the west region. Go Broncos beat La Salle! Are you excited for March Madness?
Wishing everyone a happy St. Patrick's Day!
VIDEO: My amendment to protect the Crime Victims Fund was agreed to yesterday during the budget mark-up.
News Release: The U.S. Senate Budget Committee agreed to my amendment to protect the Crime Victims Fund from being continually raided by the Administration and Congress.  This fund does not add to our deficit and operates at no taxpayer expense, while assisting over 3.7 million victims of crime.  My amendment will end this budget gimmick and protect this essential fund.
BREAKING: During the budget mark-up this morning, Senator Crapo asked the Majority staff how much deficit reduction is achieved in the first of this budget. The answer from the staff was ZERO. This confirms the Senator’s fear that we never get into the years that contain the hard choices of deficit reduction. - Staff
I join the many Catholics all across Idaho in praying for Pope Francis I. I wish him well and hope for God's blessing.
You can watch the mark-up of the 2014 budget on C-SPAN.- Staff
News Release: After almost four years, the majority party in the U.S. Senate finally got to work on marking up a budget. Unfortunately, this proposal contains more tax hikes and no net spending cuts to put us on a path to a balanced budget. Their proposal ignores the insolvent entitlement programs that we must reform for future generations. The American people deserve action from Washington on our debt crisis, but this budget proposal is more of the same.
VIDEO: After nearly four years with no budget submitted by the majority party, we finally began to mark-up a budget today.  Unfortunately, it was more of the same tax-and-spend policies of which Washington is so fond.
News Release: Today, I joined my Pacific Northwest colleague from Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski to introduce the bipartisan Hydropower Improvement Act along with a number of other co-sponsors. Hydropower efficiently and cleanly provides about seven percent of the nation’s electricity.  This legislation helps to increase that capacity without increasing our country’s out-of-control deficit.
PHOTO: Great to see so much support for the fight to end domestic violence at the NOMORE.org briefing. Ashley Greene was there too.
VIDEO: This morning, I joined colleagues at a Senate Banking Committee hearing to question the nominees to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In my opening statement, I reaffirmed my position that the CFPB needs to be structurally reformed to allow for more transparency, openness and accountability (like the SEC, for example) before I will confirm any director.
A photo from Leader McConnell showing almost 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations. 
The White House says the President's budget will not be ready until April. The deadline was February. This is not the way to solve our debt crisis.
Op-Ed: Last week, the state of Idaho celebrated the 150th Anniversary of the signing of the Idaho Act which made Idaho a territory. This milestone offered many of us a chance to reflect on our states’ remarkable history. Idahoans continue to embody the determination that was critical to developing the 200 incorporated cities across 44 counties. Our motto “esto perpetua,” meaning let it endure forever, exemplifies our history of strength and endurance while giving us a vision for the future.
News Release: Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and I have joined together to introduce the Dairy Augmentation for Increased Retail in Yogurt (DAIRY) Act. Idaho and New York are the top third and fourth dairy producing states, respectively, and also home to significant yogurt production facilities. The DAIRY Act will help producers manage increasing demand while providing a safety net for volatile market downturns. This legislation will serve as a tool to reward savings, hedge risk and encourage future reinvestment in milk production.
VIDEO: We got VAWA done.
News Release: Yesterday, I joined Senators Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ), James Inhofe (R-OK) and Tom Udall (D-NM) to introduce the Brownfields Reauthorization Act. This bill will increase access to the brownfields grant program for communities throughout Idaho where there are currently 224 eligible sites. This program helps rehabilitate abandoned and polluted properties to increase safety and attract new business.
Senator Crapo joined the President and others for the signing of the Leahy-Crapo VAWA bill into law.
Many of you have asked, and the answer is, yes, I do stand with Senator Rand Paul (R-KY).  It has been a long time since we have seen a filibuster like we did yesterday and I commend Senator Paul for his principled stand. He deserves to have his question answered from the administration.
News Release: The President has signed the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) into law, reauthorizing it for another five years. This was made possible thanks to the many advocates and victims in Idaho and across the country who assisted us in getting this legislation through Congress.  Unfortunately, there have already been four deaths in Idaho as a result of domestic violence, further proving the importance of having VAWA in place.  If this reauthorization saves just one life from domestic violence or sexual abuse, then our work has been worth it.
Everything is ready to go for the President to arrive and sign VAWA.
Many Idahoans come to Washington, D.C., every year for spring break. Some of you have probably heard that the White House has canceled public tours due to the sequester. While I think the White House could have found a way to continue providing this service to the people of Idaho, the U.S. Capitol remains open. My staff would be happy to assist you in setting up a tour of the Capitol building. Click the link for more information.
I welcomed the opportunity to visit with the President about our debt crisis. I hope this is the beginning of many conversations on the topic. Everything must be on the table if we are going to find a solution.
News Release: I joined a group of bipartisan Senators from all across the country to introduce the Forest Products Fairness Act.  It is vital to ensure Idaho’s industries are not at a competitive disadvantage. This legislation will help the forest industry compete on a global stage to bring economic growth and jobs to our state.
The Keystone XL pipeline would be at zero cost to the American taxpayer and would create 16,000 jobs. There is no excuse not to approve this ‘jobs package.’
VIDEO: Senator Jim Risch and I celebrate the 150th Anniversary of the signing of the Idaho Act by President Abraham Lincoln making Idaho a territory.
Op-Ed: Recently, former Senator Alan Simpson (R-WY), Virginia Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), Congressman Mike Simpson (R-ID) and the President for the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, Maya MacGuineas, joined me for a Fiscal Symposium in Boise. This event provided us an opportunity to discuss the debt crisis with Idahoans who understand that doing nothing is the worst possible option.
My good friend and former colleague Phil Gramm talked about the hard work of governing in a recent Wall Street Journal piece.  Many of us in Congress are ready to make the hard choices that are required to govern and I hope that others will join us.  The challenges facing us from our debt crisis, to excessive regulations to soaring energy prices are too large to ignore.
VIDEO: I said earlier this year that we were going to get VAWA done. Today, we did just that.
News Release: I commend my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives for passing the bipartisan Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).  Today’s passage is a great victory in the fight against domestic violence and I thank all of my colleagues and the advocates, like the Idaho Coalition Against Sexual and Domestic Violence, who have worked tirelessly to get VAWA passed.  VAWA will help stem the rise of domestic violence in Idaho and across the nation.  Today’s passage shows there are areas where Congress can work together.
Stepped out of a Banking hearing this morning to visit with the Idaho Coalition Against Sexual & Domestic Violence.
Trillion dollar deficits every year and 1,400 days since the U.S. Senate has passed a budget. Time to cut spending and pass a budget. "Like" and "share" if you agree.
Idahoans always have great wisdom to offer on our nation’s challenges and this continued today when the U.S. Senate hosted a Guest Chaplain, from Rigby, Idaho. I greatly value the opening prayer Chaplin Derrick offered and enjoyed welcoming him to the U.S. Senate.
Before Ronald Derrick from Rigby, ID, delivered the opening prayer, Senate Chaplain Barry Black and I welcomed him to the U.S. Senate as today’s Guest Chaplain.
VIDEO: Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said at today’s Senate Banking hearing that there are ways we can reform Dodd-Frank. We should get to work soon.
PHOTO: Senator Jim Risch and I had the opportunity to view the document (Idaho Act) signed by President Abraham Lincoln, 150 years ago, making Idaho a territory.
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking this morning to the Nuclear Energy Institute's Long-term Nuclear Plant Operation/Subsequent License Renewal Forum.
Op-Ed: Are you a bookkeeper or small business owner that has to wade through the thousands of pages of complex federal regulations?  These burdensome, complex, puzzling and often changing regulations only hinder job growth in towns across Idaho.  While some regulations are necessary to protect future generations, many are unnecessary and just serve to create more government red tape.  I will continue to work with colleagues to roll back unneeded bureaucracy and create an environment for economic growth.
A big thanks to everyone in Idaho who made this week so great. I enjoyed getting to visit with various groups throughout the Treasure Valley and eastern Idaho. I am back in Washington, D.C., today, but I look forward to my next trip back.
PHOTO: Yesterday, I visited with Idahoans about energy policy at a great small business in Emmett.
Joined a bipartisan group of western Senators in introducing a bill to increase geothermal production on public lands.
VIDEO: The McClure Symposium on Fiscal Issues was a great event. Click below to watch the panel discussion on the need to get to work on a bipartisan deal that includes entitlement and tax reform if we’re going to solve the debt crisis.
The debt crisis I so often speak about is not about austerity, but rather simple arithmetic.  Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) noted on Tuesday night at the Fiscal Symposium in Boise that you can’t look at the government’s balance sheet and not realize we have a problem.  We must act now to deal with this crisis.
Jonathan, a young Idahoan has it right. We must work together as a team for the future of America. Hope you will "Like" and "Share" his video.
On the evening of February 19th, the University of Idaho hosted the McClure Symposium on Fiscal Issues with panelists U.S. Sen. Mike Crapo of Idaho, Rep. Mike Simpson, Sen, Mark Warner of Virginia, retired Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming, and the President of the Committee for a Responsible Fiscal Budget, Maya MacGuineas.
You can watch the McClure Symposium on Federal Fiscal Issues by clicking the link below. It begins at 8:00pm MST.
The Idaho Statehouse as I head inside for tonight's Fiscal Symposium. Are you joining us?
Just wrapped up a news conference with Congressman Mike Simpson. We are looking forward to the Fiscal Symposium tonight at the Idaho Statehouse and hope you will come join us for a panel discussion on our nation’s fiscal condition and possible solutions.
Op-Ed: Our focus right now must be on job growth and implementing policies for an economic recovery.  Last week, during the State of the Union address, I heard more of the same tax-and-spend policies from the President.  The debt crisis our country faces is hindering the economy’s ability to grow.  The President must work with Congress to enact comprehensive tax and entitlement reform.
News Release: U.S. Senator Mike Johanns(R-NE) has made a major focus of his service in the Senate helping us craft a solution to our national debt crisis. I will miss Mike's work ethic and insight in the future, but look forward to what we can accomplish together during the remainder of this Congress.
Our country’s fiscal crisis is threatening the American Dream.  I look forward to joining Congressman Mike Simpson (R-ID), former U.S. Senator Alan Simpson (R-WY), U.S. Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) and the President of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, Maya MacGuineas at a Fiscal Symposium Tuesday night at the Idaho Statehouse.  Click below for more information.
Are you an Idaho college student interested in government and politics?  This post is for you.  My office is currently taking applications for summer internships.  Click below to find out more information and how to apply.  The deadline is March 1st.
VIDEO: Dodd-Frank means over 10,000 pages of regulations that have already been proposed, requiring more than 24 million compliance hours each year – and that is only the tip of the iceberg.  I am just as worried as you are about how these new regulations will affect economic growth.
PHOTO: Today is the first Senate Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs Committee meeting of this Congress, and my first as the Ranking Member of the committee.
VIDEO: This morning when I had the opportunity to question the president’s Treasury Department nominee, Jack Lew, I chose to focus on tax reform and to find out Mr. Lew’s reasons for reforming the code.  We must dramatically simplify our tax code by eliminating complexity, favoritism and loopholes, broadening the base and significantly lowering the rates.
Welcome home, to the Idaho National Guard Members who completed a tour of duty in Afghanistan. I am happy to have you back home and thank you and your families for your service.
Click the link below to watch the confirmation hearing of Treasury Secretary nominee, Jack Lew. I will be asking Mr. Lew questions about the state of our economy and tax reform.
VIDEO: Unfortunately, the State of the Union Address tonight was more of the same.
News Release: The next four years are pivotal for our country’s future.  The most pressing issue facing us is our mounting debt crisis, yet the President offered no new plan tonight.  Our massive, $16.5 trillion debt is being made worse by unsustainable entitlement programs that will continue to remain that way until the White House presents leadership on the issue to improve them.  Tax reform was mentioned tonight, but focused on raising rates rather than comprehensive reform to encourage job growth.  Unless the President decides to work with Congress on these serious issues, the very American dream is threatened for future generations.
News Release: The U.S. Senate has passed the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) and I join Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) in commending the passage of this bipartisan bill, co-sponsored by 62 Senators.  For nearly two decades, VAWA has served as the centerpiece of our nation’s commitment to end domestic, dating and sexual violence, and if we can help prevent even one instance of domestic violence, then our work has been worthwhile.  I commend my colleagues and again state my commitment to work with the U.S. House to get VAWA to the President’s desk.
We currently spend $1.6 trillion on Social Security and health spending, but the Congressional Budget Office projects an increase to $3.2 trillion a year over the next decade that will only cause our national debt to rise faster.  If we do not reform these serious drivers of our debt to protect the current generation, these programs will be unsustainable for our children and grandchildren.
News Release: Last week, Senator Risch and I joined several other colleagues in introducing the Grazing Improvement Act to provide more stability to those who use livestock grazing permits. Ranchers, and all users of public lands, deserve certainty from the licensing process. This legislation will help create that and I hope this legislation can move forward quickly.
Weekly Op-Ed: Many of you have emailed, called, posted here and tweeted your concerns about the executive actions taken by the administration regarding firearms.  As a gun owner, and strong supporter of the Second Amendment, I do not believe that more restrictions on law abiding citizens is the answer.  Everyone must understand that we cannot legislate away risk and violence, but I welcome a debate on how we can improve mental health issues and crime control.  Above all, I will oppose any effort to weaken law-abiding Idahoans’ Second Amendment rights.
This study demonstrates that expanding our domestic energy sources could immediately create millions of jobs and generate billions in revenue to reduce our federal debt, while also furthering our energy independence. Utilizing our diverse resources is central to energy affordability, economic recovery and national security.
News Release: Yesterday, I joined Senators Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and David Vitter (R-LA) in introducing the Phantom Fuel Reform Act.  This act would work to reform an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulation that adds millions of dollars each year to the cost of energy production.  This is another example of excessive regulating from the EPA that will pass costs onto the consumer.
VIDEO: Maintaining our nations ports has to be a high priority as the Environment & Public Works Committee crafts our future water policy.  With Idaho being home to the farthest inland seaport on the West Coast, the Port of Lewiston, I know how important this is to trade and jobs in the state.
Earlier today, I spoke via teleconference with the Idaho Farm Bureau Federation. We talked about Washington needing to focus on spending reductions and crafting a good farm bill.
News Release: President Obama will deliver his State of the Union Address next Tuesday night.  I plan to hear from Idahoans the following evening during my first tele-townhall of 2013.  From sequestration to the lack of a budget to much-needed tax reform, there are many challenges facing our country.  I welcome the opportunity to discuss these issues and appreciate input from Idahoans.
The president is required by law to submit a budget to Congress.  The deadline for it was Monday and many of us are still waiting.  This is the fourth time in five years that the administration’s budget proposal has been late.
Yesterday, I hit 2000 followers on Twitter. Are you following me? www.twitter.com/MikeCrapo
VIDEO: Yesterday, I spoke on the U.S. Senate floor about the importance of getting the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), of which I am a co-sponsor, across the finish line this year.
News Release: For nearly two decades, VAWA has been the centerpiece of our nation’s commitment to end domestic, dating and sexual violence.  Already this year, there have been four deaths in Idaho as a result of domestic violence.  Even one is too many.  This legislation is very effective in helping to address abuse in our society and I am committed to getting it done.
The U.S. Senate has voted to proceed to debate on the Violence Against Women Act. This is the first step and I will work with all my colleagues to get the bill done.
Op-Ed: Congress has a lot on its plate, and some of our most important objectives should include solving the fiscal crisis, creating jobs and getting our economy on the right track.  During this session, we should also focus on regulatory reform, increasing American competitiveness by expanding market opportunities for small U.S. businesses and finding real solutions to natural resource issues through collaborative problem solving.
Are you watching the Super Bowl? Tell me who you're cheering for?
More than 12 million people remain without work, yet the jobs council was dismissed.
News Release: I joined Senator Risch in voting against today’s debt ceiling increase. This legislation should have contained dollar-for-dollar spending cuts, but instead Washington missed another opportunity.
VIDEO: Earlier today, I set down with Peter Barnes, with the Fox Business Network, to talk about what I hope to achieve as the ranking Republican member of the Senate Banking Committee.  Reforming Dodd-Frank and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau are just some of the things I talked about.
PHOTO: Senator Crapo visits with Peter Barnes, from Fox Business, about his new role as ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee. - Staff
The Fox Business crew is getting ready for a live shot from my office.  I will be sitting down with Peter Barnes to discuss my priorities as the ranking member on the Banking Committee.
Today’s news that the economy contracted in the fourth quarter of 2012 is concerning, to say the least.  The last minute deal on the Fiscal Cliff and Washington’s out-of-control spending did not help.  This should be a wakeup call to the other party that jobs and economic growth should remain our top priority.
News Release: The spring interns have arrived in my Washington, D.C., and Idaho offices.  As a former intern myself, I know how important it is for them to learn about the political process and federal government.
My colleague and Chair of the Senate Republican Conference, Senator John Thune (R-SD), delivered the weekly Republican address.  Senator Thune talked about the need to reduce our out of control spending and put us on a path to fiscal prosperity.  Hope you will take a look.
LIKE and SHARE this status if you think the administration needs to approve the Keystone XL pipeline to create jobs and bring down energy costs.
Op-Ed: In addition to dealing with our debt and deficit, another priority for this congress must be to reform our entitlement programs.  Social Security must be improved to protect current recipients and strengthen it for future generations.  Medicare and Medicaid are both on insolvent tracks and we cannot wait until the last minute to reform these vital programs.
News Release: One of my closest friends in the U.S. Senate announced today that he would not seek reelection in 2014.  Senator Saxby Chambliss, R-GA, is an incredible leader that has the ability to bring people together on a bipartisan basis in what has become a highly-politicized environment.  Through our work in the Senate and the so-called Gang of Six, I have seen him fight for real solutions to help not only Georgia, but the entire nation.  I can always count on Saxby to come to the table to solve problems, not just talk about them.  He will be greatly missed.
Last night, in the first vote of the 113th Congress, I voted against a rules change package. While I commend the two leaders for averting the use of the so-called 'nuclear option,' I do not believe we should weaken the filibuster and therefore the rights of the minority.  I did, however, support a rules change to make it easier to go to conference with the U.S. House.  I am committed to continuing to work with all of my colleagues as we tackle the tough issues facing the country.
VIDEO: Yesterday’s press conference on the reintroduction of the Violence Against Women Act.
News Release: President Obama has made a decision to re-nominate Richard Cordray as the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  I previously joined 44 senators expressing concern that until structural reforms are made at the CFPB, I will oppose any nominee for the post, and my position remains unchanged.
NA
Earlier this week, a significant step was taken to get the Keystone XL Pipeline built when Nebraska Governor Heineman approved a revised route.  This is a very important project that can reduce energy costs and create jobs.  I signed a letter with colleagues calling on the Administration to move forward with final approval so that construction can begin.
Senator Crapo, who is the lead Republican on VAWA, joined a bipartisan group of senators calling for the passage of the Violence Against Women Act
PHOTO: Senator Crapo joins a bipartisan group of senators calling for the passage of VAWA. - Staff
News Release: The Violence Against Women Act is a bipartisan bill that reauthorizes legislation that has protected countless victims of domestic and relationship violence for over 20 years.  Today, I joined Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) in reintroducing VAWA.  I will continue to work with all of my colleagues to get this bill passed through both chambers.
Op-Ed: Over the coming weeks, my weekly op-eds will focus on my priorities for the 113th Congress.  Addressing the debt crisis remains the most pressing issue our nation faces and my number one priority.  By significantly reducing our spending and reforming our complex, unfair and anti-competitive code, we can put this country on a fiscally responsible path.
Today we celebrated our republic with the presidential inauguration-- a truly unique tradition. We are so blessed to live in the United States of America.
Firefighters from across Idaho participate in the Inaugural parade.
Photos from my seat at the 2013 Inaugural Ceremony
Idahoans attending the Presidential Inauguration today, remember to share your photos.
Idahoans still needing to pick up tickets for the inauguration can stop by my D.C. office until 2:00pm EST today.
More jobs are coming to the Pocatello region. The Allstate call center plans to expand.
All the best to U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Ken Salazar as he leaves the department and heads home to Colorado. I especially appreciate Secretary Salazar's help with passage of the important Owyhee Initiative for Idaho.
NEWS RELEASE: I joined Senator Jim Risch and Congressman Mike Simpson in a letter to the Department of Agriculture urging them to update their nutrition guides to reflect the value of Greek yogurt.  Greek yogurt has twice the protein and more calcium than regular yogurt, and is low in fat.  Chobani Yogurt opened the largest Greek yogurt plant in Twin Falls in December.  These updates we are asking for will only benefit the Idaho job market and dairy farms.
Three credit rating agencies have called on Congress to avoid default, but they also warn that if Congress does not enact significant deficit reduction measures, the U.S. credit rating would still remain in jeopardy.
NEWS RELEASE: First, and foremost, increased gun control will not solve the insurgence of violence our country is experiencing.  Any restrictions involving the Constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens deserves, at minimum, a full debate in the U.S. Congress.  I will continue to protect the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Idahoans.
PHOTO: Members of my D.C. staff were able to check out the Inaugural platform from atop the Capitol dome. Idahoans coming to the Presidential Inauguration can share their photos with me via Twitter using #IdahoDCPhotos or email them to IdahoDCPhotos@gmail.com. I look forward to seeing them.
Health-insurance premiums are rising due to Obamacare. The focus of health care reform should have been on reducing cost, but the bill that passed is actually driving them up.
Op-Ed: While the Fiscal Cliff was averted, it was a missed opportunity for Congress and the president.  Outside of the tax rates, many of the fixes in the bill are temporary.  If we continue to kick the can down the road, it will only make our fiscal problems worse.  I did vote for the package because it made permanent some of the tax relief we have been fighting for over the last 10 years, protecting 99% of Idahoans from a tax hike. It is now time for the administration and congress to get serious about dealing with our debt and deficits.
Wishing the best of luck to the current Miss. Idaho, Whitney Wood. Whitney is a fellow Idaho Falls native competing in the Miss. America Pagent tonight.
The Morning Joe team interviewed Erskine Bowles about the need for debt & deficit reduction and entitlement reform. Be sure to check it out.
INFOGRAPHIC from Taxpayer Advocate Service: Did you know individuals and businesses spend about 6.1 billion hours each year doing their taxes? The U.S. tax code is one of the most complex and anticompetitive codes at 4 million words long.
The U.S. Department of Energy announced that a team led by Ames Laboratory in Iowa will establish an Energy Innovation Hub focusing on rare earth metals and other materials.  The Idaho National Laboratory will be a partner in this effort.  I congratulate the Idaho National Laboratory on this news and welcome the jobs this will bring to Idaho on behalf of this project.
Yesterday marked 1,350 days since the Senate Majority has passed a budget and now we learn that the president’s 2014 budget is running late.  This is unacceptable and I know of no Idaho business or family that would operate this way.
NA
NA
Our nation faces critical deadlines for getting our fiscal house in order and I am ready to find solutions as I serve on the Senate Finance; Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs; Budget; Environment & Public Works and the Indian Affairs Committee.  I look forward to serving as the top Republican on the Banking Committee, as well as accepting the appointment of Chief Deputy Whip from the Minority Whip, Senator John Cornyn (R-TX).
My friend from Michigan and Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Dave Camp, gave the GOP Weekly Address.  Our focus must be on the real problem and dealing with our debt and deficits. We must reduce spending, and reform our entitlement programs and our anti-competitive tax code.
I am profoundly sorry for the pain and embarrassment that I have brought to my family, to Idahoans, to my church, to my colleagues in the U.S. Senate and my staff, to anyone who has placed their trust in me.  I am also deeply appreciative of those who have reached out to me over the last few days with messages of encouragement, support and forgiveness.  These words mean more to me and my family than they can ever know.  I will work hard to regain the trust of my family and Idahoans.
NA
Senator Mike Crapo released the following statement following his appearance in court this morning. – Staff
