Check out my op-ed from this weekend's Wichita Eagle on my visit to the troops in Iraq and Kuwait and my views on the ongoing battle against ISIL after seeing it first hand.  http://www.kansas.com/opinion/opn-columns-blogs/article5018631.html
When our men and women in uniform are serving abroad, folks like WWE's Big Show - WWE Universe come out to support and entertain our troops. I bumped into this guy in Kuwait where I learned he went to Wichita State University. Go Shockers! Thanks to all those that support our military men and women.
This Christmas our service men and women give us the best gift of all:
Franki and I wish you a very Merry #Christmas and a Happy New Year!
I was so glad to be able to visit with soldiers of the Big Red One in Kuwait and Iraq. Here I got the chance to thank the families of our soldiers for their sacrifice. I know it is especially tough when your loved ones are abroad at the holidays. Thank you for all you do to support them.
http://www.kansascity.com/news/government-politics/article4817922.html
NA
NA
http://www.kansas.com/news/nation-world/article4795260.html
I have just returned from a five day trip to Iraq and Kuwait. I'll have more information to share about what I saw there in the coming days, but first know that morale is high. We are making progress against ISIL. I was very impressed by the hard work and skill of the men and women of the Big Red One and the Marines I met with. I thanked them for their sacrifice, especially being away from their families at the holidays.
Happy Holidays from Franki and I and some of our dedicated staff!
Our annual office holiday tradition is to give to the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation. We hope you will join us in making the season bright for others!
I am pleased to announce my nominees for the U.S. Service Academies for the class entering the 2015 school year. These men and women are outstanding representatives of Kansas in every way, and I wish them all the best as they pursue their education and service to our nation. See if a young leader from your community will be applying to one of the academies: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ceaeeef2-bbeb-42e7-9a69-816deb5fff49
Franki and I wish our Jewish friends a Happy #Hanukkah and a bright festival of lights.
Last week we had a tremendous turnout in Leavenworth for the Town Hall listening session allowing concerned individuals to voice their views to the Army on a potential 2500 personnel reduction and the impact to the communities surrounding the fort. The Community was well organized and made polished presentations making a very positive impression on the Army. Hats off to the Leavenworth 27 Committee who oversaw the total presentation.
Late last night, the Senate considered another Omnibus bill, known as the "cromnibus",and an effort by Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) to stand up for the rule of law. I voted in favor of the Cruz point of order to stop the President's executive amnesty for millions of illegal immigrants because I swore an oath to uphold the Constitution.   The point of order failed and then we were forced to consider another of Reid's massive spending bills to keep the government open. I hate that the Senate is run this way, and so do Kansans.   In a matter of days, the Senate will return to a Republican majority, closing the chapter on the Reid Senate. Instead of siding with Nancy Pelosi and Elizabeth Warren and shutting down the government at the holidays, we can instead look forward to the Senate Kansans want, one that can fight amnesty, repeal Obamacare, stop out of control spending, tackle over-regulation and address, head-on, the problems facing our nation.   And why did Nancy Pelosi and Elizabeth Warren vote no on the omnibus? Here are a few things that they could not support:  The bill cuts spending to the IRS following the unlawful targeting of conservative groups and the issuing of performance awards to employees owing back taxes.  The bill also continues the ban on federal funding of abortions.  The bill stops the transfer of terrorists held at GITMO to the mainland U.S.  Other provisions of the bill include: ·         cuts EPA’s budget by $60 million; ·         regulatory relief from Dodd-Frank regulations targeting derivatives; ·         prohibits funding to implement the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty ·         provides flexibility for struggling schools in implementing the new school lunch standards; ·         provides citizens greater ability to exercise their first amendment rights in regards to federal campaigns; ·         tells the EPA to withdraw the interpretive rule for agriculture exemptions under the proposed Clean Water Act restrictions on irrigation ditches and farm ponds (Waters of the U.S.); ·         prohibits EPA from restricting lead content in fishing tackle and ammunition; ·         prevents incandescent light bulb ban; ·         extends Internet Tax Moratorium for 1 year; ·         and it complies with Budget Control Act caps, spending declines in real terms and as a % of GDP.
Check out the latest Roberts Report about my work in your behalf. Sign up for the Roberts Report on my website at roberts.senate.gov.
The IRS has much to prove to the American people. They must work to restore our trust and must return their focus to their core duties. The targeting of conservative groups, the awarding of excessive bonuses and wasteful conferences must be stopped. The Congress has listened to the taxpayer and has acted to reign in the agency.
Just a reminder to turn out in support of Fort Leavenworth tomorrow!
I am pleased to share with you a video about the early years of President Dwight D. Eisenhower's life. I was honored to help reflect on the ways growing up in Kansas influenced Ike, and to appreciate his service to our nation as a General and a President. Please take a moment and enjoy these tribute videos, or this "E-Memorial" to Ike from the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission. http://eisenhowermemorial.gov/experience/#/westpoint/589
Remember the fallen from Pearl Harbor.
It has been great catching up with friends and legislators this week. I am joined here with Ranae Estes, Rep. Ron Ryckman Sr. (R-Meade) and his wife Mary Ryckman. I am grateful for their counsel and look forward to a new year working together on behalf of Kansas!
MUST READ: Senator Roberts' op-ed on the Lois Lerner - IRS investigations in today's Washington Times. This investigation is not over — not by a long shot.  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/dec/4/pat-roberts-irs-targeting-missing-emails-investiga/print/
It was a pleasure to visit with America's Heartland Advisory Board at the American Farm Bureau Federation this morning. They have great programming that shares the story of rural communities and promotes American agriculture.
A bi-partisan two year tax extenders agreement was recently killed by President Obama's short-sighted and overtly partisan veto threat.  Because of President Obama’s ‘my way or the highway’ approach to leadership, Congress is forced, once again, to cobble together a one year tax policy patch that no one wants. This hurts families, job creators, farmers and ranchers, teachers and everyone who needs to plan ahead to succeed. Kansas and America deserve better.
Kansas can add another hero to the ranks of those that have fought and sacrificed for our nation: Chief Petty Officer Justin A. Wilson, native to Beloit, Kansas received the Navy Cross aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton for the heroic actions he displayed while supporting Operation Enduring Freedom, Sept. 28, 2011.   Semper Fi Justin. Thank you for your courage and valor.  http://www.marines.mil/News/NewsDisplay/tabid/3258/Article/555161/navy-cross-presented-to-marsoc-special-amphibious-reconnaissance-corpsman.aspx
In case you missed it, the national debt has grown $7.3 trillion during the Obama Administration. It is now $18 trillion and growing. With a new Republican majority in the Congress, I look forward to working on real reductions in government spending and will continue to fight for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.   http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/12/03/federal-debt-exceeds-18-trillion-sparking-criticism-on-spending-under-obama/
I was pleased to congratulate my friend, Kansas State Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady (R-Palco) for being elected to serve as the Republican Caucus Chairman.
Earlier today in the Senate Agriculture Committee I talked with USDA’s NRCS Chief Weller about the Lesser Prairie Chicken and the Waters of the United States rule. Voluntary conservation programs are important in Kansas, not only as a way to protect valuable land and water resources, but also for the ability of farmers and ranchers to continue operating. Watch video of our exchange here: http://goo.gl/InpTVc
Please, mark your calendars. Make your voice heard to ensure the strong role of Ft. Leavenworth in our state and in our national defense is preserved. Fort Leavenworth will host a Town Hall listening session, scheduled for Dec 11, 2014, from 3:30 pm to 5:30 pm, at the Riverfront Community Center, 123 S. Esplanade St, in Leavenworth, to allow concerned individuals to voice their views to a team from the Department of the Army regarding the 15 point study focused on a potential 2500 personnel reduction and the impacts associated with a reduction of this size on the communities surrounding the fort.
I have promised to do whatever I can to stop President Obama from bringing Guantanamo Bay terrorists to our shores, especially to Fort Leavenworth. This week we won a major victory in this battle, but the fight continues.  No Gitmo terrorists to Kansas - Not on my watch.   http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_CONGRESS_GUANTANAMO?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT
I was honored to be on hand last night, in front of a huge crowd gathered to congratulate Steve Baccus for his service to the Kansas Farm Bureau. It has been a privilege to work with Steve and the Farm Bureau. Thanks for all you have done for the Kansas farmer, and for your guidance over the years.
Today is the deadline to submit public comments on the EPA’s overly burdensome proposal to regulate carbon emissions from existing power plants -- a proposal that will drive up Kansans’ utility bills while sacrificing the reliability of our nation’s electrical grid -- all while doing absolutely nothing to lower global temperatures.   Here’s the link to submit a comment: http://www2.epa.gov/carbon-pollution-standards/how-comment-clean-power-plan-proposed-rule
Thank you to the Overland Park Rotary Club for the chance to speak to members at lunch today.
This is why I continue to fight for the security of all Kansans, especially those stationed at our military installations, against the ill-conceived and short sighted desires of this President to move GITMO detainees to Kansas or anywhere else in the homeland. Not on my watch will this threat continue to grow against our men and women in uniform.
#ShopSmall today and support a small business on your mainstreet. #SmallBusinessSaturday
Franki and I want to wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving. God bless our men and women in uniform who sacrifice so much for our national security.
President Obama's failure to reach a deal with Iran, one year after a promised negotiation of only six months, is dangerous for the US and all our allies. As this Administration stalls and prohibits the sanctions my colleagues and I worked tirelessly to pass and receive international support, Iran only gets closer to achieving the capability to produce a nuclear weapon. This president must stop rewarding our enemies, and start protecting our allies and this country. I continue to push for the Senate to pass additional sanctions  (S.1881), of which I am a cosponsor, on Iran as this unending, and inevitably failing nuclear negation continues.
In Case You Missed It:  Watch Senator Roberts response to President Obama's irresponsible and unconstitutional executive order on immigration last night.
President Obama’s executive order on amnesty directly defies the message the American people sent on election night. The President has no interest in a constructive working relationship with Congress.  He has no intention of listening to the will American people, and he has no respect for the Constitutional boundaries of his office.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5a424a39-96c7-41d2-8471-ef88958b6f6c
Today is National Rural Health Day, and as co-chair of the Rural Health Caucus I want to recognize all the hard working medical professionals who serve our rural communities.  Rural hospitals and health care networks face unique challenges and serve communities critical to the success of our country.
Yesterday, Senator Roberts spoke at a hearing on tax relief after a disaster. The Senator shared personal stories from his experience rebuilding Greensburg in the aftermath of the F5 tornado that devastated the town in 2007.    Click to view the full hearing: http://www.finance.senate.gov/hearings/watch/?id=15696532-5056-a032-5206-eef64d3003c2
Great meeting today with the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce talking about priorities for next year!
Last night, Senate Democrats blocked the passage of the Keystone Pipeline. Harry Reid and his fellow liberal obstructionists in the Senate put ideology above 42,000 American jobs.  However, this mistake will be quickly corrected.  One of the first acts of the new Republican Senate Majority will be to pass the Keystone Pipeline. The Keystone Pipeline can deliver 42,000 American jobs, and inject billions into our economy. Keystone is the single largest shovel-ready project in America, and construction of this critical project is long past due.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8954cc4e-458b-4b70-b893-2998e9c1c09b
Senator Roberts took to the Senate floor today to support the Keystone Pipeline. The Keystone Pipeline can deliver over 40,000 American jobs. It is the single largest shovel-ready project in America, and construction of this critical project is long past due.
Senator Pat Roberts was on the Joseph Ashby Show today and discussed immigration, Keystone XL, and much more click below to listen.   http://josephashbyshow.podbean.com/e/pat-roberts-nov-18-2014-1416320875/#.VGtXcWnIHJU.facebook
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those killed and wounded in the vicious and senseless attack at a Jerusalem synagogue today and to all Israelis who face the real and imminent threat of terrorism every day. America stands behind you and your right to exist.  http://www.kansas.com/news/nation-world/world/article3993963.html
Senator Roberts joined the Ag Issues show with Kelly Lenz on WIBW Radio this morning to discuss the Keystone Pipeline, executive Amnesty, the ill-conceived Waters of the United States regulation and much more.  Click below to hear the full interview! http://kansasagnetwork.com/2014/kansas-ag-issues-podcast-11182014/
On Election Day, Americans voted overwhelmingly to end the gridlock in Washington. Unfortunately, it appears many Senate Democrats didn’t get the message. The liberal obstructionists in the Senate are still standing in the way of the Keystone Pipeline.   The Keystone Pipeline can deliver over 40,000 American jobs. It is the single largest shovel-ready project in America, and construction of this critical project is long past due.   I urge my colleagues across the aisle to end the obstructionism, stand with the American people, and vote to create jobs and build the Keystone Pipeline.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=25367b29-93f0-43e2-8092-9dfe99b2143c
I was pleased to meet with the 2013-2014 Kansas FFA Association  State Officer Team. All Kansas State University students, these Kansas FFA officers present workshops and conferences across the state and challenge FFA members to serve their communities and the agriculture industry. The team represents more than 8,700 Kansas FFA members. We discussed the importance of career and technical education.
Senator Roberts was on the Laura Ingraham Show this morning to discuss the President's attempt to grant amnesty by executive order, finally getting a vote on the Keystone Pipeline and the agenda for the new Republican Majority.  Click the link below to listen!
Senator Roberts appeared on FOXBusiness tonight to talk with Lou Dobbs about his efforts to stop President Obama's efforts to pass amnesty by executive order, open the Keystone Pipeline and achieve real regulatory reform.
http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=1e7198e7-5b93-4674-b4a5-1724e9b212a2
The President's attempts to grant executive amnesty must be stopped.
Today I was proud to again celebrate the 239th Birthday of the U.S. Marine Corps with the Commandant, Gen. Joseph F. Dunford, Jr. at a congressional ceremony. As the most senior Marine in the Congress, I had the honor of presenting the cake to the youngest Marine. Semper fi.
Today, I had the privilege of meeting with the newly elected members of the United States Senate. I’m looking forward to working alongside my new Republican colleagues to break the gridlock and deliver commonsense, conservative solutions for our country.  My first priority in the new Republican Senate is to repeal and replace Obamacare, a priority I know is shared by many of my newly elected colleagues.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=52b185b0-eee9-43f7-bbcf-cb0ca6563441
For those interested in interning in my Washington, D.C. office for the upcoming spring semester, the deadline for applications is December 1, 2014. Please visit roberts.senate.gov to apply.
I wrote an editorial for the Kansas City Star this morning laying out my plans for the road ahead. In the Senate majority, my focus will be to change the direction of our country and deliver constructive, conservative solutions to Washington.  http://www.kansascity.com/opinion/readers-opinion/as-i-see-it/article3786685.html
As a Marine, I think about our men and women in uniform everyday.  I think of my friend Bob Dole and his fellow World War II veterans. I think of my father who served on Iwo Jima and Okinawa, and I think of the young men and women in harm’s way defending our freedoms across the world right now.  Join me this Veterans Day, and thank a veteran. Thank them for their selfless and honorable contributions to our communities, our state and a grateful nation. Semper Fi.
A very happy birthday to my fellow U.S. Marines. Semper Fi.
Welcome home and Semper Fi Sgt. Tahmooressi!
Senator Robert's is calling for flight restrictions from #ebola infected West Africa.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=d347e19c-7240-4445-b293-67f089acdf5d&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f
I have no confidence in how the Obama Administration is managing the Ebola crisis, and neither do the people of Kansas. We are facing a potential national health emergency that could overwhelm our health care system, threaten the economy, and place national security at risk if not handled properly.  I call on the President to actually lead on this issue, take emergency action and protect American lives before we have an epidemic here at home.  We cannot afford to be reactive or 'lead from behind' with a deadly and easily spread threat like Ebola.
The EPA has again extended the comment period for their proposed changes to the definition of Waters of the U.S. With hundreds of thousands of comments already in, how many more does the EPA need? They should #ditchtherule . 
Congrats Kansas City Royals! How Sweep it is!
To our Jewish friends and neighbors observing Yom Kippur with their families, I wish you peace during this time of reflection.
In case you missed it: Even the SBA wants to #ditchtherule. The Administration's own Small Business Administration has said "Advocacy recommends that the agencies withdraw the rule and that the EPA conduct a Small Business Advocacy Review panel before proceeding any further with this rulemaking." SBA found the change to the definitions of the Waters of the U.S. rule would have a significant economic impact.  http://www.sba.gov/advocacy/1012014-definition-waters-united-states-under-clean-water-act
Obamacare's Healthcare.gov marks its first birthday today. We need to repeal and replace it.
Way to go Royals! #TakeTheCrown #BeRoyal
Let's go Royals! #TakeTheCrown
For 6 years the Obama Administration has stalled the Keystone Pipeline. Our nation needs the jobs and the energy now.
I was honored to receive the The National Federation of Independent Business' (NFIB) “Guardian of Small Business” award for my voting record supporting America’s small-business owners in the 113th Congress.
Congrats to the Kansas Department of Agriculture on their new digs in Manhattan!
Happy Birthday to the Air Force, especially our brave airmen at McConnell Air Force Base Base in Wichita!
IT'S GAMEDAY, #KState Family! No. 20 #KStateFB welcomes No. 5 Auburn to Bill Snyder Family Stadium at 6:30 pm on ESPN.  #BeatAuburn
I am honored to be named a "Champion of the Worker," by the Competitive Enterprise Institute. I am focused on creating jobs, growing our economy and enhancing economic opportunities for both employers and their employees. In Kansas, I am proud of my work on bringing the NBAF to Manhattan and of my work on other life science initiatives. We are creating a new research based economy and new opportunities for generations of Kansans.   CEI’s congressional scorecard on pro-worker issues includes votes to increase employment, to create better incentives for workers, to support growth in workers’ incomes, and to improve worker freedom.
On September 17, 1787, the delegates to the Constitutional Convention met for the last time to sign the Constitution. Just last week, the Senate Majority Leader tried to pass a Constitutional Amendment that would have allowed Congress to regulate free speech. I opposed this partisan attempt to silence political opposition. The Constitution must not be taken for granted.
NA
The Government Accountability Office has confirmed a concern I share with many Kansans: federal taxpayer dollars are being used to pay for over 1000 insurance plans that cover abortion. I have introduced the Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act to require plans offered in the exchange to prominently disclose whether their plan provides abortion coverage.  
The EPA has overstepped their authority too much as it is. I have joined Senators John Thune and Mike Johanns in introducing a bill to stop the EPA from garnishing wages to collect (potentially dubious) fines without a court's approval. 
God Bless America.
Tonight, the President finally recognized the grave and serious threat posed by ISIS. The President laid out his plan to address this threat; however, President Obama’s strategy remains much too vague and leans far too heavily on foreign partners.   I am deeply concerned that the President’s plan is focused on the long-term solution and fails to address the immediate need to stop ISIS in its tracks and turn back its cancerous spread throughout the region. ISIS remains a threat to the Middle East, to global security, and to the homeland, and I am committed to working with my colleagues in the Senate and our military leaders to eliminate the terrorist group, ISIS.
Last night the House passed H.R. 5078, the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act, by a bipartisan vote of 262-152. It is time for the Senate to act on this commonsense legislation to protect farmers, ranchers and other private property owners from confusing and vague proposed rules. I call on Majority Leader Reid to call up the House passed bill or the Senate bills that would stop this attack on rural America.  
Today I spoke on the Senate floor against S.J. Res. 19, the Majority Leader's attempt to amend the First Amendment of the Constitution. He wants to allow Congress to regulate free speech to silence his opposition. I will vote against this amendment today, tomorrow and forever, for any Congress. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=adfacf2d-57d5-4b3e-b4ff-715595b60518
Join me and the Kansas Farm Bureau in opposing the EPA's proposed Waters of the U.S. rule change. #DitchtheRule
It was great to join my friends Jerry Moran, Congressman Mike Pompeo and Lynn Jenkins at the Kansas Chamber of Commerce lunch in Wichita. We had a very productive conversation about what we need to do to grow the economy and create more jobs.
I was glad to join the Phillips County Farm Bureau for the Annual Meeting in Phillipsburg at the Huck Boyd Center. Huck was a mentor of mine, and it was good to there be among friends old and new discussing issues facing rural America and Kansas agriculture.
Thank you to Ellis County and Hays for a great town hall meeting with surprise guest Jerry Moran.
Today I received a tour of the construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF), a Department of Homeland Security lab that will conduct critical research to protect our nation's plant and animal health and our food supply. I am proud to have lead the fight to win this economic opportunity for generations of Kansans. The lab is being built in Manhattan, Kansas and will be the premier facility of its kind in the world further establishing our State as a leader in this research.
#TBT of me and Coach Snyder. As the Assistant to the Assistant Coach for the Tight End, I am Looking forward to the game on Saturday. See you there! Go State! Kansas State Wildcats football
Had a great night at the Johnson County Farm Bureau Association's Annual Meeting last night. We discussed the Waters of the U.S. rule change and crop insurance. Thanks for having me!
I was glad to meet with members of the Home Builders Association Of Greater Kansas City to talk about issues facing their industry. Thanks for the great discussion.
Thanks to the folks in La Cygne who turned out to a town hall meeting. Next on the schedule: Today: Overland Park at Tomahawk Ridge Community Center, 11902 Lowell at 11:00 am. Tomorrow: Hays at Thirsty's Bew Pub and Grill, 2704 Vine St. at 3:00 pm.
It was a pleasure to visit with the Pittsburg noon Rotary. What a vibrant and energetic group including 48 year member Jack Overman. He is a Crawford County legend, and we wish him a happy 96th birthday.
Just a reminder to join me tomorrow morning in Overland Park at the Tomahawk Ridge Community Center at 11:00 am for a town hall meeting. The address is 11902 Lowell.
Today's town hall meetings include: La Cygne at the LaBette Bank at 501 Market Street at 9:30 am. Hope you will join us!
Just a reminder of my upcoming town hall meetings. First up is Leawood tomorrow, Monday, August 25 at 4:30 at City Hall. Hope to see you there.
One last reminder to offer your support to Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth and the role they play in Kansas communities. Please join me in commenting to the Army on what a force reduction at these posts would mean to your community or business.   http://www.army.mil/article/128331/Army_invites_public_to_comment_on_environmental_impacts_of_possible_force_reductions/
Please join us for an Ellis County town hall meeting in Hays on August 28 at 3:00 pm at Thirsty's, 2704 Vine Street.
I was pleased to attend the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association's Annual Convention in Wichita. We discussed regulations including the listing of the lesser prairie chicken, and other issues facing oil and gas producers today.
EMAW. Kansas State University
Linn County: Mark your Calenders. We'll be holding a town hall meeting Tuesday, August 26 at 9:30 am at the Labette Bank in La Cygne at 501 Market.
There are only a few more days to register your comments about what potential force reductions at Ft. Riley or Ft. Leavenworth would mean for your community or business. The public comment period is open until August 25, 2014. Again, help us make the Army realize that there is no place like home right here in Kansas. 
Mark your Calendars: I will be holding two town hall meetings in Johnson County next week. August 25 at Leawood City Hall, and August 27 at Tomahawk Ridge Community Center in Overland Park. Details below.
We had a great crowd turn out for my town hall meeting in Junction City. We talked about the Army's plans for further force reduction and what it might mean for Ft. Riley and the surrounding communities.
I had a great town hall meeting in Andover at the Andover City Library. Thanks to Tom Taylor, the Library Director, for being a great host in a wonderful community space.
Thank you to those in Leavenworth who turned out for my town hall meeting. We discussed the Army's ongoing assessment of force structure and the potential for cuts to Ft. Leavenworth personnel. I urged them to submit public comments and said that I would continue to fight for the post to maintain its vital role in our national security and in our state.
I was pleased to bump into my friend Senator Julia Lynn of Olathe at our Olathe town hall meeting. Thanks to those that joined us to talk about the issues.
Kansans, please join me and offer your comments about what potential force reductions at Ft. Riley or Ft. Leavenworth would mean for your community or business. The public comment period is open until August 25, 2014. Help us make the Army realize that there is no place like home right here in Kansas.
The U.S. Army has announced it will take another look at cuts to personnel and operations, this includes potential cuts to Ft. Leavenworth and Ft. Riley. I understand how important both these posts are to our state. I have circled the wagons with the Kansas delegation and we are making a very compelling and clear case to the Army that both Ft. Leavenworth and Ft. Riley are unique and tremendous assets to our national security, the Army, their communities and the state as a whole. We will fight any ill-considered cuts to operations or personnel at our Kansas posts at every opportunity.  
Franklin, Miami, Pottowatomie and Geary Counties, please join me for town hall meetings in your communities August 15 and 16. Details below:
Olathe, Bonner Springs and Leavenworth: please join me for town hall meetings tomorrow, August 14, in your cities. Details below:
Great town hall in Derby this morning. America is going through tough times. But the Kansas motto is "to the stars through difficultly," and, if we pull together, we will come through these times stronger and more prosperous than ever.
It was a real treat to join the Sedgwick County Farm Bureau for their annual meeting and dinner last night. Kansas farmers and ranchers feed the world, and are doing great work!
Back in Eureka, Kansas today for the latest stop on our statewide listening tour. Folks here are fed up with all the President's executive orders, and so am I!
Lively and productive conversation at our town hall in Hiawatha this afternoon. We focused on immigration, the impact of Obamacare on rural communities, and the job stifling regulations coming out of the Obama administration.
Another great town hall in Troy. It's great to see so many friends in the Northeast corner of the state, and it's great to have so many allies fighting along side me to stop Obamacare, roll back the crushing tidal wave of regulations and get this country back on track.
Thrilled to have such a large and engaged crowd for our town hall  in Atchison today. Good talk about the need to stop the Obama-Reid agenda and return Kansas commonsense conservative values to the Senate.
Great meeting with leaders of the Kansas Association of General Contractors today. Excessive and unnecessary paperwork is holding back their productivity.  I've been fighting the Obama Administration to unshackle them from these burdensome regulations, so they can create even more jobs.  I promised them today that I'd continue that fight!
I am pleased to see this bill was approved out of a House Committee   thanks to the work of Congressman Kevin Yoder. This bill will give law enforcement a valuable tool to help those in imminent danger. Jerry Moran and I have introduced similar legislation in the Senate. We'll continue to fight for it to be passed and signed into law.
I was honored to meet with Staff Sergeant Zach Herrick. Zach's folks live in Ottawa and he is a wounded warrior finishing up his recovery from wounds sustained in Afghanistan. I will stand beside him as he transitions to civilian life. He has had a long and difficult rehabilitation, and his strength is an example to his generation. Thank you Zach for your service and sacrifice.
What a treat to visit the Olathe John Deere offices for an Olathe Chamber of Commerce Executive Roundtable today. We had a great conversation about the serious issues facing our nation, both at home and abroad, and how we will rise to the challenge.
I was pleased to meet with the interns at the American Bakers Association. These Kansas college students have spent the summer in Washington learning about policymaking and advocacy.
I was pleased to honor three Kansas 2014 Congressional Award Gold Medal recipients at a reception in my Wichita Senate Office. They are from left to right: Robert Youel, Jackie Shipman and Dhonovan Hauserman. The Gold Medal Award requirements are 400 hours of volunteer public service, 200 hours of personal development, 200 hours of physical fitness and an expedition/exploration activity that includes a minimum of four consecutive overnights. Congratulations and a BIG thank you to these outstanding young individuals.
Here is video of my questioning of a witness before the Rules Committee who wants to restrict the speech of members of certain groups involved in politics, but does not want to apply the same restrictions to political groups in which she is a member.
NA
I always look forward to working with the members of the Kansas Grain and Feed Association  and the Kansas Agribusiness Retailers Association on the issues facing farmers and ranchers. This is Tomorrow's Agribusiness Leadership Class. We will continue our fight against over-regulation and I was able to tell them about my meeting with EPA's Gina McCarthy on that very topic.
At today's Rules Committee Hearing, I defended the First Amendment against those that want to limit the speech of their critics.
Just two weeks ago, EPA Administrator McCarthy was in Missouri to meet with producers regarding the proposed Waters of the United States regulation. Farmers and ranchers hoped they would be able to persuade her to recognize the negative impacts of the rules. I was outraged to hear that their concerns were categorized as ‘silly’ or ‘ludicrous.' I take issue with the EPA campaign calling these concerns myths. I again called on Administrator McCarthy to #ditchtherule.
Happy Birthday to my friend and Kansas' Favorite Son, Senator Bob Dole.
"In a potentially crippling blow to Obamacare, a top federal appeals court Tuesday said that billions of dollars worth of government subsidies that helped nearly 5 million people buy insurance on HealthCare.gov are illegal." 
I was pleased to meet with State Representative Marvin Kleeb and others dedicated to working together to advance research, support patients and create hope for those affected by pancreatic cancer.
The National Taxpayer Union Foundation has tallied all of the proposals I have supported in 2013 to cut spending, and it adds up to more than $205 billion in savings for the taxpayer. Over the last three Congresses, I have supported almost half a trillion in savings.
The numbers are in from the non-partisan National Taxpayer Union Foundation: in 2013, my proposals in the Senate would cut federal spending by $205 billion. 
It was great to meet with the Kansas Corn Growers Association today. We discussed EPA's #WOTUS regulations #Ditchtherule. We are all thankful for some much needed rain and a great looking fall crop.
Great meeting today with General Funk, the Big Red One’s Commanding General at Ft. Riley. I continue to fight for our soldiers and their families to ensure we stay Army Strong across the Flint Hills region.
I am proud to represent all our great Kansas hospitals recognized by U.S. News & World Report on their 2014-2015 Best Hospitals list – including the University of Kansas Hospital which was named “The Best Hospital in Kansas” for the 3rd year in a row and is the 1st Kansas City area hospital to be ranked in the top 50 nationally for all 12 specialties the report ranks.  http://www.kansascity.com/news/local/article728342.html 
Great to visit with the good folks at the Independence Rotary Club today. We had good chat about the transportation bill, the crisis at the border and the IRS scandal.
Marine Sergeant Tahmooressi has been imprisoned for over one hundred days. Enough is enough. Mr. President, It’s time to bring him home.  http://1.usa.gov/1mDuaVR
It looks like the administration is at it again – and this time the President’s regulations could endanger the lives of rural Americans.  http://1.usa.gov/1jeDro0
Today Jerry Moran and I introduced an amendment to the Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2014 to protect farmers and ranchers, who are suffering from the effects of drought, from the Obama Administration's attempts to force them to change their operations and land management due to the listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken. http://goo.gl/r6KjJf
Franki and I wish you and your family a happy Independence Day. May God bless our men and women in uniform who are away from their families this holiday preserving our hard won freedoms.
While parts of Kansas are seeing much needed rain, we are also learning the Lesser Prairie Chicken numbers are back up. This has Kansans across the state telling the Obama Administration "I told you so." As moisture conditions improve, so will the population and habitat of the Lesser Prairie Chicken.  http://kansasagnetwork.com/2014/rain-lessens-drought-and-increases-lesser-prairie-chicken-population/
Yesterday was a great day for Wichita, our Airmen and McConnell Air Force Base. It was a hard fought battle, but Kansas is so proud to continue fueling freedom.  http://www.kansas.com/2014/06/30/3534030/officials-break-ground-at-mcconnell.html
Once again in Obamacare, an IG report found millions of taxpayer dollars are being wasted on millions of inconsistencies in determining who is eligible to have government subsidies to purchase health insurance. The "government could not resolve 89 percent of the problems."  
NA
NA
Tomorrow morning I'll be on live with Steve and Ted on KNSS Radio in Wichita to discuss the Tanker groundbreaking & the latest news. listen live: http://player.tritonmedia.com/entercom/KNSSAM
It was an honor to join the amazing men and women in our Air Force today to officially mark the exciting, hard-fought, and well-deserved decision by the Air Force to name McConnell Air Force Base the first Main Operating Base for the next generation tanker, the KC-46A.
I'll be on KFDI radio in Wichita today at 1:45 pm central to discuss the new KC-46A tanker mission at McConnell and other news. Listen Live here: http://www.kfdi.com/listen-live/
Every American has a right to the free exercise of religion guaranteed by the First Amendment to our Constitution. This right has been upheld time and again by the Supreme Court over the last 200 years. I applaud the Court for upholding this fundamental principle of our nation in their decision on the Hobby Lobby case.  Kansans join millions of pro-life Americans in celebrating this victory, especially at a time when the Obama Administration has said it will circumvent the Congress to enact its agenda. The Court’s ruling has affirmed that they cannot circumvent the Constitution. 
Looking forward to Celebrating the KC-46 Groundbreaking at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita this morning.
It was wonderful to be with several generations of Kansas veterans at this morning's Honor Flight.
I took to the Senate floor today to call for a vote on our bill to block the EPA's attempt to regulate water on private lands including farm ponds, dry creek beds and ditches. For more on our bill, go here: http://goo.gl/hEqE2B
Here is the latest Roberts Report highlighting my work to investigate the IRS scandal and the crisis at the border, stop the EPA take over of U.S. Waters and the Obama Administration from releasing more Gitmo detainees and much more!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=6efdf376-7bf1-4cd2-99f3-835bd4a1860a&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935&MonthDisplay=6&YearDisplay=2014
The IRS lost two critical years of Lois Lerner’s email, which is a clear attempt to shield the Obama Administration from accountability for targeting conservative groups. But now we learn that Lois Lerner’s hard drive, along with computer data of six other employees connected to her, has been destroyed and likely not recoverable. To compound this outrage, the IRS has known about this for several months, but withheld this key fact from the Finance Committee, which is actively investigating the IRS. It is like the plot of a movie and it is an outrage.
I am calling for an independent counsel, otherwise known as a special prosecutor, to uncover the truth about the IRS' targeting of conservative groups. Since the disclosure last week that the IRS somehow lost two critical years of Lois Lerner’s email, the news keeps getting worse for the American public. We are all outraged by this development, which is a clear attempt to shield the Obama Administration from accountability for targeting conservative groups. But now we learn that Lois Lerner’s hard drive, along with computer data of six other employees connected to her, has been destroyed and likely not recoverable. To compound this outrage, the IRS has known about this for several months, but withheld this key fact from the Finance Committee, which is actively investigating the IRS. This is simply inconceivable.
Words can't express what an honor it was to spend time with today's Medal of Honor recipient Marine Corporal Kyle Carpenter yesterday. An amazing man. An amazing Marine, and an inspiration to us all.
It was my honor and privilege to meet an American hero and the very epitome of a U.S. Marine. Tomorrow, Corporal Kyle Carpenter will receive the Medal of Honor, our nation's highest award for bravery. Semper Fi and thank you, Corporal Carpenter. Marines
I have long said that any talk of immigration reform must first start with securing the border. It's commonsense. If we changed the pathway to citizenship before closing the gaping holes in our border security we would have a flood of new illegal immigrants. We were right, but President Obama didn't listen.  Now our southern border has been flooded with children who have illegally entered the country, and our border security apparatus doesn't have the manpower or the resources to cope.  The President needs to listen and act on our recommendations to secure the border.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7c066c5c-a604-4e69-a7b5-1a459fc9287d
My thoughts and prayers are with our neighbors in Nebraska beginning the recovery after two tornadoes struck yesterday afternoon. May God bless the families of the two who lost their lives in the storms.  http://www.omaha.com/news/reports-pilger-nebraska-hit-by-tornado/article_7acecb96-f547-11e3-983d-0017a43b2370.html
Emails don't just disappear.  They need to be found.  I will continue to demand accountability from the Obama Administration.
Good luck to the U.S. Soccer team today! A special good luck to Matt Besler a proud Kansan! Let's beat Ghana boys. We are all pulling for you!  Check out Matt's story here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLGROQTOsiA&index=16&list=PLsAXIYtop5OvbxiXzEwiB2ZZWacu5gYVG   
The deceit from the Obama Administration over IRS targeting of conservatives continues. Their Friday announcement of Lois Lerner's missing emails is beyond outrageous. It is a clear attempt to shield the White House from accountability and to shut down the free speech of conservative voices.The time for hearings and investigations is over – people need to be arrested and prosecuted – starting with Ms. Lerner. goo.gl/rEaAqY  
Members of the  National FFA Organization from Coffeyville stopped in to say hello. This organization creates the agriculture leaders of tomorrow and I always look forward to talking about what we can do to promote agriculture and what challenges are ahead.
Franklin and Osage County 4-H stopped by. I enjoy visiting with 4-H students who are learning the skills and the values that make them leaders in their communities. The future of Kansas, and agriculture is bright.
This week is Victory Week at Fort Riley and this month marks the 97th birthday of the 1st Infantry Division. I want to offer my special best wishes to the Big Red One and my thanks to those that have served and sacrificed for our freedom.
I was pleased to welcome the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. We went around the room and addressed the concerns of each person. This advice and counsel is so important especially on taxes, trade and regulatory issues facing their businesses. These hard working Kansans are making a difference in their community and the Wichita economy. Thank you for your continued partnership in government.
I was honored to be named a Taxpayer Hero by the Citizens Against Government Waste for cutting wasteful spending, reducing taxes, and making government more accountable to taxpayers.
The July 1st deadline for Fall Internships in my Washington D.C. office is fast approaching. If you are a college student or know a college student who would be interested in applying visit the link below!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Internships
On the 70th Anniversary of D-Day, we are reminded of the courage and sacrifice of the Greatest Generation, under the leadership of Kansas' own General Dwight D. Eisenhower. God Bless America and those that are fighting to defend us every day.
As we remember the loss of President Ronald Reagan ten years ago and on the eve of D-Day, I share the words of a great American leader about our Greatest Generation.
Check out my latest newsletter here:
The release of the five terrorists for Sgt. Bergdahl is yet another example of the Obama Administration’s failed foreign policy. This is the President’s latest attempt to close Guantanamo Bay, something I have opposed from the start when he attempted to move terrorists to Leavenworth, Kansas. Two of the detainees have been accused of wartime atrocities including massacres, and we are supposed to believe we will not see them on the battlefield again?   Last night, I attended a classified briefing held by the Administration. Unfortunately, I exited that briefing as frustrated as I entered. There were no comments made that haven’t been made in the press, nothing enlightening or forthcoming.    The President’s National Security Council "B" team continues to tell us that their number one commitment was to never, under any circumstances, leave a man behind. This is clearly false, given what happened in Benghazi.  
It was a special honor to be with the inspiring Kansas veterans at yesterday's honor flight from Concordia.
According to the Wichita VA, the transition from hospital to in-home care for 385 veterans was managed on an unauthorized list. The VA determined this list put veterans at risk. My first priority is to ensure these 385 veterans have the services they need. And then we need to fix the mismanagement that put these patients at risk. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=40dbf0cf-e055-45ae-b345-37f4fe20c281
Today I introduced a bill to create an Obamacare watchdog.  My bill would create a Special Inspector General to monitor Obamacare across all departments until it can be fully repealed.   While all of the federal agencies charged with implementing Obamacare have their own Offices of the Inspector General, they are all investigating this law in their own silos. The Health and Human Services Inspector General isn’t talking to the Treasury IG, or the Department of Labor IG, or the Homeland Security IG. My bill creates one watchdog to oversee taxpayers dollars across all the federal departments, state exchanges, and private contractors in Obamacare.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjeDEWMHJME&feature=youtu.be
It was great to meet with my friend Ann Charles from Parsons today.  We did great work together on the development of the Great Plains Industrial Park, after the Kansas Army Ammunition Plant was closed in the 2005 BRAC.  It was great to get an update this evening.  Here is a video from last year summarizing the battle we fought in Parsons.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
Check out my latest Roberts Report we talk VA, my 105 county tour, rural health care, protecting the First Amendment and much more!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=bce72564-0add-4c0a-84f3-c51ceac19884&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
Today’s announcement of more draconian EPA regulations from the Obama Administration threatens not only our nation’s stated goal of energy independence, but every middle class family struggling to make ends meet. I’ll use every legislative tool to fight this shortsighted proposal, including supporting legislation to prevent the EPA from finalizing this rule, and limiting funding through the appropriations process.   Read more here: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=cddccdfd-361b-42f8-aded-eeb899ab1591
This morning I toured the innovative and impressive Honeywell avionics repair facility in Wichita and had the opportunity to greet the senior Marine on site. Semper Fi.
Many thanks to the folks who came out to the Kinsley Drug Store for my Town Hall meeting this afternoon.
Thanks to the Pawnee County folks who turned out to the Town Hall meeting in Larned. These folks are well informed and fully engaged.
Today I called for President Obama to demand the resignation of VA Secretary Shinseki. Accountability is a virtue sorely lacking in the Obama Administration. From Benghazi to Fast and Furious, the IRS scandal to the rollout of Obamacare, President Obama has been long on words, but short on action. Our veterans deserve better.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3ddf28b5-525d-4640-a746-f8fbc916de51
It was an honor to address so many of our Kansas veterans at the Memorial Day observance at the Penwell-Gable Cemetery in Topeka yesterday. Though Memorial Day is behind us, challenge yourself to remember and thank our veterans every day of the year.  They make us proud. Semper Fi  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ff757e49-fc39-45a8-a5f3-b5d8c1017a0a
If you are experiencing difficulties with the Department of Veterans Affairs, please allow me to help. A veteran myself, my staff and I are always ready to serve as a liaison between you and the federal agencies that serve you.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Casework
America is grateful for our veterans. They are the ones who give us our freedom. I was honored to recognize the fallen at Penwell-Gabel Cemetery in Topeka this Memorial Day.
This #MemorialDay we remember our veterans’ sacrifice for our country. Today, and every day.  Semper Fi. - Pat
Have you ever noticed a friend, neighbor or even a stranger wearing a small gold star pin? These pins are given to those who have lost loved ones who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. Americans, especially Kansans, are quick to thank men and women in uniform for their service. This Memorial Day, I will make a special effort to thank those who wear the gold stars among us -- a spouse, parent, child or sibling for their sacrifice too. To learn more about the gold star pins visit: www.goldstarpins.org
We dare you not to smile at this "Happy" video displaying the enthusiasm of students and faculty at Smith Center H.S. on the last day of school. Well done Smith Center! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ4ijXumKjs&sns=fb
I support a bill to sanction Russia’s Rosoboronexport – the sole state agency for export of Russian weapons systems and defense-related goods. We should not continue to spend American tax dollars to line the pockets of chronies of Vladimir Putin. This action would show that the United States is serious about sanctions with real consequences for Russian aggression in Ukraine and elsewhere.  This effort represents a focused foreign policy and leadership that has been lacking in the Obama Administration. 
The Eisenhower Auditorium at Fort Leavenworth this morning was filled with family and friends of the talented and gifted officers making up the 2014 graduating class of the School for Advanced Military Studies (SAMS). These folks will become the elite leadership of the United States Army. SAMS takes the "best of the best" of the graduates of the 10-month CGSC and keeps them for another year of intense study. At the end, they hold a Masters of Science degree in Military Science. Our fighting men and women deserve the very best leadership possible.  And Fort Leavenworth, the Intellectual Center of the U. S. Army, trains and develops a brilliant leadership corps.     Ideas are more important than technology. An ill-equipped Army, brilliantly led, will achieve victory. This was the theme of the school today. There are those of us who will work hard to insure that in addition to being brilliantly led, they will also be well equipped. If the federal government fails in it's responsibility to keep citizens safe from enemies foreign and domestic, then the other responsibilities don't much matter.
I have introduced bipartisan legislation to protect and improve rural health care. We cut burdensome red tape in Medicare and include measures to protect Critical Access Hospitals. http://goo.gl/Cu3xGu
In case you missed it yesterday:  http://dailycaller.com/2014/05/21/intervention-pat-roberts-addresses-harry-reids-koch-addiction-video/
The First Amendment doesn’t exist to protect the power of members of Congress. Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi should stop engaging in character assassination against citizens who choose to exercise their First Amendment rights.
Today I called on Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) to abandon misguided attempts to amend the First Amendment to stifle free speech of the American people and to stop engaging in character assassination against the Koch family. The First Amendment can’t be amended to stifle political dissent. 
I signed a letter to call on Majority Leader Harry Reid to appoint a Select Committee to investigate Benghazi. I do not consider this case closed. I believe all Americans deserve to know what happened that tragic night.  Certainly the families of the four murdered Americans deserve answers. 
My latest Roberts Report is out. See what I have been working on in your behalf. 
I am honored to be recognized as a hero of main street by the National Retail Federation. Small business, including out Main Street retailers need lower taxes, less burdensome federal regulation, and more certainty and stability in lending and the national economy to grow and thrive. That is exactly what I’m fighting for everyday in the U.S. Senate.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3f86826c-a33c-4e13-8063-f89ae1c6d911
Mike, Clay, David and Ken McCarty of McCarty Family Farms stopped by to discuss dairy issues. I always appreciate their advice and counsel and I congratulate them on their award winning and innovative family farm.
Those who sacrifice for our country deserve the care they were promised. If you are experiencing difficulties with the Department of Veterans Affairs, please allow me to help. A veteran myself, my staff and I are always ready to serve as a liaison between you and the federal agencies that serve you.   Semper Fi,  Pat  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Casework
This week is National Police Week. Join me in honoring the brave law enforcement officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice to keep our neighborhoods and communities safe.
Kansas Electric Cooperatives, Inc. came by to celebrate the bill we were able to get signed into law to protect rural co-op pensions and to advocate a reasonable federal energy and environmental policy that will allow us to provide affordable and reliable energy to all Kansans.
It is always a pleasure to meet with the women of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Excellence in Public Service Series. The Eisenhower Series encourages, inspires, educates and prepares selected conservative women leaders to seek new levels of involvement in government and politics. Thank you for all you do for Kansas and for your communities.
Thank you to the Kansas Hospital Association for stopping by and offering your advice and counsel.
I was also honored to be named a "Guardian of Seniors' Rights" by the 60 Plus Association.
Thanks to the 60 Plus Association for their work on behalf of seniors. I am honored to receive their "Ben Franklin Award" for fighting the death tax.
I am honored to receive this recognition from the 60 Plus Association. Our work to permanently repeal the death tax goes on. Farmers, ranchers, small business owners and Kansans from all walks of life ought to be able to keep more of the dollars they earn. This income should definitely not be taxed twice with the death tax,” Roberts said. “Many seniors are living within a strict budget. I will continue to fight to ensure the federal government does too.”
The new HHS Secretary nominee, Sylvia Burwell, plans to visit the Senate tomorrow. What would you ask her?
Homeownership is central to a strong economy and bolsters the families and communities of rural Kansas.  I championed a provision that was signed into law to ensure qualified homebuyers in rural America have access to affordable housing. If you are looking for housing assistance in Dodge City, Garden City, Lansing, Andover, Gardner, Hays, Junction City, Liberal, Ottawa and Pittsburg, check out USDA’s Rural Development office in Kansas for more information about what programs are now available in your community. http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/KS_RHS.html 
In case you missed it, check out the latest Roberts Report featuring the latest leg of my 105 county tour where we visited 20 counties covering over 2,000 miles, the new tanker mission at McConnell, and the IRS's decision to rewrite its political speech regs.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=02aa5450-8b96-4d09-b39e-8f76216a2e06&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
Yesterday the Senate Agriculture Committee heard testimony from USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack for the first time in over two years. Now that the Farm Bill is being implemented, I had many questions about crop insurance. I also had the opportunity to relay the fears of Kansans about regulations burdening our producers, and concerns regarding the Lesser Prairie Chicken. You can watch our exchange here: http://youtu.be/x1bvqOfsb_U
Today I sent a letter signed by the Republican Members of the Senate Finance Committee to IRS Commissioner Koskinen calling for a full accounting of IRS performance awards and bonuses given to employees that willingly broke the tax laws they are tasked with enforcing. Read the letter here: http://goo.gl/hcr5bP
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day -- a great opportunity to tell your teachers how they inspired you.   #ThankATeacher. They deserve it!
NA
Heartland Honor Flight
Warm congratulations and a sincere thanks to Col. Tony De Jesus who retired yesterday from the 190th Air Refueling Wing of the Kansas Air National Guard after 29 years of dedicated service to his state and nation. A little known fact is that Tony was born on Fort Riley and his Dad was a World War II vet and survivor of the Bataan Death March. America owes so much to families like the De Jesus' who keep our Lamp of Liberty bright.
It is the seven year anniversary of the City of Greensburg, KS tornado. We remember those we lost that night, but we also celebrate the long way we have come. Check out the great community Greensburg continues to be: http://www.greensburgks.org
Mary Shannon from Kansas Big Brothers Big Sisters dropped by to keep me up to date on the innovative and successful initiatives they are working on. It is no surprise KBBBS has become a role model for the nation with their effective methods and incredible impact. Thanks to the 6,000 Bigs that make a real difference in lives of the littles.
Congratulations to the Kansas Bureau of Investigation, Washburn University, and the City of Topeka on the ground breaking of the new KBI Forensic Science Center on Washburn University's campus.  Once this impressive building is up and running, Kansas will have enhanced capabilities to conduct state of the art investigations. Through their partnership with Washburn, KBI hopes to be able to recruit, train, and retain talented scientists to work in the state's crime lab. Congratulations on this important event!
A real pleasure to meet with my friend and former Congresswoman Marilyn Musgrave from the Susan B. Anthony List this week. Protecting the sanctity of life has always been one of my top priorities in public service.
We had great news last week when the Air Force announced McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita will be the home of the new KC-46A Tanker mission.  I had the opportunity to discuss this major announcement with Col. Joel Jackson, Commander of the 22nd Air Refueling Wing at McConnell AFB, this week.  Wichita is truly fueling freedom!
It was great to sit down and talk with Fort Hays State University President Edward Hammond this week.  President Hammond has served an impressive 28 years at FHSU, and will be retiring this year. Thank you for your service to FHSU and Kansas President Hammond!
Today I was joined by several of my colleagues in introducing legislation to prohibit the IRS from providing performance awards to employees who owe outstanding federal tax debt or who have violated U.S. tax law. This is common sense, and I hope it will be taken up for a vote soon.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osPYtSgwgc0&list=UURpswvC8LgxzE9AYSFpqUgw
You can earn a bonus and extra vacation!  http://1.usa.gov/SeDLqJ
The number one barrier to trade is Harry Reid. At the Finance Committee hearing today, I made it clear that Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) faces no hurdles in Committee. Watch my exchange with Michael Froman, U.S. Trade Representative.
Today I was joined by Mike Enzi (R-WY), Senator John Thune (R-SD) and Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) in introducing a bill to prohibit the IRS from awarding bonuses to IRS employees that have violated tax laws or owe back taxes. The IRS should not be in the business of awarding bonuses – particularly to its agents who are unable or unwilling to abide by the tax laws they are directed to uphold. 
We need to get rid of attempts to regulate free speech. The First Amendment doesn't allow us to silence opposition.
Reporting from today's hearing:   Harry Reid, Roberts says “has a fixation with the Koch family that can only be described as bizarre, takes to the floor on an almost daily basis to attack them. Why? Because he fears they pose a threat to his hold on power.” “The First Amendment doesn’t allow us to silence those who oppose us. That applies to corporations, labor unions, Mr. Soros and the Koch family. It applies to everyone,” Roberts said.  Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/04/kochs-are-center-stage-in-absentia-at-senate-hearing-106199.html#ixzz30PFb9llV
Great visit with our Kansas radiologists representing the American College of Radiology and the Kansas Radiology Society today. Always appreciate their counsel.
I was glad to welcome the Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce to a very rainy Washington today. After everyone dried off, we discussed over-regulation and the bright future for the Kansas City economy as construction of the NBAF continues.
This morning I spoke out against the inherent dangers in limiting First Amendment rights.  The First Amendment doesn't allow us to silence opposition, and today we are living with the consequences of the failed attempt to restrict free speech. We should get rid of limits on political speech. Here was my opening statement.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXE0OwgQu5U&feature=youtu.be
Tune in to see me stand up for the First Amendment at a Senate Rules Committee hearing today at 9:00 am Central. http://www.c-span.org/video/?319096-1/campaign-finance-laws-disclosure
Today I took to the Senate floor joined by eleven of my Senate colleagues to express our deep disappointment in this Administration’s repeated delay of final approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. This is a no brainer. Approve this pipeline.   http://youtu.be/vzNPFqpPGZE
I was extremely troubled by Secretary Kerry’s incendiary remarks over the weekend regarding the State of Israel. Secretary Kerry should not need a reminder that the people of Israel hold freedom and tolerance for all ethnicities and religions in especially high esteem. He need not look further than the observance of Holocaust Remembrance Day through this evening. Secretary Kerry should apologize for his comments. 
KS emergency management officials briefing disaster headquarters after a devastating tornado hit Baxter Springs yesterday. Their management control is fantastic. Bringing order and organization to chaos is a tremendous talent. KDEM officials Angee Morgan and Jackie Clark are two of the very best.
Damaging weather has moved through parts of Kansas and neighboring states. We stand ready to offer assistance and are in touch with state emergency management officials tonight as they assess the situation. Thoughts and prayers are with those who are impacted.
Great fun serving coffee at the Kansas Combat Air Musem Pancake fundraiser. Located at Forbes Field in Topeka. If you haven't been there, it is definitely worth your time, and your kids will be thrilled.
A real treat to tour Children's Mercy Hospital today. They are doing truly amazing work.
This morning in Overland Park, I had a great opportunity to visit with a couple hundred Kansas community bankers and credit union officers at the Topeka Federal Home Loan Bank's Annual Management Conference. We discussed needless government regulations and the negative impact they have on Kansas consumers. Let's repeal Dodd-Frank!
The next wave of problems with the Obamacare exchanges is starting to hit: "The Obama administration is poised to take over Oregon’s broken insurance exchange, according to officials familiar with the decision, who say that it reflects federal officials’ conclusion that several state-run marketplaces may be too dysfunctional to fix."
LT Verne Gibb from Topeka, was laid to rest with honor today at Fort Leavenworth nearly 70 years after his plane went missing on a cargo flight between Burma and India. His remains were finally found and identified by DNA. Some 15 million Americans served in WW II, and 400,000 gave their lives. They must never be forgotten.  Our heartfelt thanks to LT Gibb's daughter, and his entire family. Hats off to the Patriot Guard who served as an Escort of Honor.
Congratulations McConnell Air Force Base and Wichita!
Kansas Tourism has put together a nice video featuring the beauty of our state. Take a minute and enjoy! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOJQ9qX2QAg&feature=share
Just got the call from the Air Force: McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita will be the home of the new KC-46A Tanker mission. I am proud of the airmen at McConnell for earning this mission based on their excellent record of service. Once again, Kansas will be taking a leading role in protecting our national security by providing next generation capability in global reach. As the Air Capital of the World, Wichita is the perfect home for this new mission. The men and women who will operate and maintain the KC-46A at McConnell are part of a community of unwavering support for their critical mission and a deep understanding of the support their families and loved ones need back home.
Great to visit a Kansas energy producer today. They are creating jobs and energy for Kansas and the nation.  Keep up the good work!
Great to visit Lane-Scott Electric Co-Op today and discuss my bill, recently signed into law, to provide rural co-ops and charities with the ability to continue offering pensions to their employees.
It was a pleasure to visit the brand new Dighton Pharmacy and visit with owner John Brunswig about economic opportunity in rural America.
I had the great opportunity to talk about and read about the U S Constitution to the 4th Grade class at Scott City Elementary School. They are very bright, interesting, fun, well prepared and full of questions.
Thanks to the Wichita County producers who gathered at ESE Alcohol in Leoti to discuss their concerns. Over-reaching federal government is the major issue everywhere we go. We MUST bring the bureaucracy under control and insist on reasonable attitudes toward all segments of our economy. We have a long way to go, but with close constituent support we CAN get there.
Gooch's Food Store has been a successful family business and a fixture of Tribune's Main Street for 65 years, all the time in Dwight Gooch's family. Another strong Kansas family making a valuable contribution.
I had a wonderful lunch at the Black Bison Pub in Syracuse. Matt Gould's entrepreneurial spirit, hospitality and creativity are impressive. This is a must stop for all Kansans.
Had a really fun time sharing ideas with the student body at Lakin High School, home of the mighty Broncs. They fully understand the dangers of over-regulation and over-taxation to their futures.
Enjoyed visiting at a Jetmore High School Assembly today. Thanks to Farm Bureau and community leaders who also attended.
Senator Jeff Flake and I led the charge in the Senate to halt these proposed IRS regulations that would limit free speech. 38 of our Republican colleagues signed onto our bill to make it clear to the Administration that targeting of groups for their political beliefs will not be tolerated.
Great crowd for breakfast with the Kansas Grain and Feed Association in Wichita this morning. These folks are the valuable partners of Ag producers all over Kansas.
Really appreciate the hospitality of Marie and Alan Bruna at Bruna Case/IH Implement in Clay Center. So helpful to hear from the producers who gathered for a public meeting. Thanks to Don Landoll, who manufactures some of the equipment sold by Bruna in their five stores, for also being present.
I had a terrific time with the Washington Rotary Club today. Club President and District Court Judge Paul Monty heads up a great organization.
It was an honor to speak to the folks at the Blue Valley Telecom - Broadband Summit today.
Another example of a highly successful Kansas manufacturer. Koch and Co. in Seneca builds beautiful cabinets and doors. They are shipped all over the US. Owner Jim Koch and CFO Jeff Conner stand in front of two doors, high quality samples of their 500 employees' considerable talents.
My thoughts and prayers go to the victims of senseless violence at the Jewish Community Center in Overland Park and Village Shalom in Leawood.
Six months ago I was the first to call on Secretary Sebelius to resign. Mr President, this was long overdue.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5ae018ec-1307-4ee8-8b2e-e1fbe3529ea1
6 months ago I was the first to call on Secretary Sebelius to resign for gross incompetence resulting in the failure of the exchange websites. This decision by HHS Secretary Sebelius to resign is prudent, but overdue. Today, more Americans are losing the care they like than are receiving care in the exchange. Obamacare has cost the nation more than a trillion dollars and has created higher premiums, higher taxes, less choice, confusion, delays and problem after problem. Unfortunately, the President and his allies in Congress continue to protect this law despite its toll on our economy, patients and providers. A new secretary has been nominated, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, but with Obamacare, nothing will alter. Obamacare is the President’s legacy. The President will unilaterally change what doesn’t work. The March toward socialized medicine will continue. 
I was pleased to welcome the Kansas Nurse Anesthetists to Washington. We discussed Medicare and the challenges facing providers in Obamacare.
I was pleased to meet with President-Elect Jaret Moyer and the Kansas Livestock Association to discuss regulations -- lesser prairie chicken, the Clean Water Act and other challenges producers are facing from the Obama Administration. We are fighting this executive overreach everyday.
It was great to meet with K-State Research and Extension leaders and National 4-H Conference participants. I was glad to hear of their success stories and how they are positively impacting communities across the state.
I had a great discussion with many of our state’s rural telecom providers regarding greater deployment of broadband throughout the state.
These folks are on the front lines of healthcare. Thank you Kansas Academy of Family Physicians for your advice and counsel!
It was a pleasure meeting with students from Topeka here as part of the National Youth Leadership Council.
Always good to hear about the Kansas State University Wildcats from President Schulz. We discussed NBAF progress and a little football. Go Cats!
I am proud FreedomWorks has endorsed my legislation to keep the federal government out of the classroom.
At the Finance Committee hearing today, I called on IRS Commissioner Koskinen to stop any action on the proposed 501c4 regulations that will limit free speech. My bill to halt these regulations has 40 cosponsors.
FreedomWorks has endorsed my bill, the LOCAL Level Act, to keep the federal government out of local decisions on education standards. I am proud to have their support. 
I joined Senator Chuck Grassley and others in calling on Appropriators to prohibit federal interference in the development of state education standards and curriculum.
The European Union wants to force the U.S. to change the common names of meats and cheeses. They say that bologna and black forest ham cannot be made in America. I was proud to lead a group of 44 other Senators in telling them no. http://goo.gl/3FmfdV
“This is a deliberately-designed abuse of federal resources and enforcement powers for purely political purposes, and it’s part of a larger pattern,” Roberts said. “Unfortunately, I believe this administration is using the IRS to shut down its critics and opponents. It’s all about campaign politics and an effort to shape the coming election.”
Proud to read Kansan Charles Koch's patriotic op-ed in the Wall Street Journal this morning.    http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303978304579475860515021286?mod=trending_now_1
Proud to have a great home state product in the office. Welcome to Kansas Mars Candy.
Today I introduced the Repeal Rationing in Support of Life Act because Obamacare shouldn't limit access to life-saving care.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7cab7335-9e11-4454-b4a1-1d2c48ff57ee
Obamacare has made many Americans fearful that cost-cutting and rationing of care will limit their options for health care at a time when they are vulnerable--when they are sick or battling a life threatening condition. I introduced a bill today to fight against hidden barriers to treatment and life-saving medicine. I am proud this legislation has the support of the National Right to Life Committee.
Had a wonderful meeting with Pittsburg State University President Steve Scott today.  Good to hear about all of the impressive and exciting things happening at Pitt State!
With the “new” deadline, #Obamacare website is still failing users. It’s time to repeal and replace!  Source: http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/obamacare-deadline/obamacare-website-fails-deadline-arrives-n67666
My full statement on the #LesserPrairieChicken: 
The Obama administration believes the lesser prairie chicken is more important than the Kansas way of life.
We are still celebrating the opening of the Mars Plant in Topeka. Here are my thoughts about the great opportunities that are ahead for Topeka and Mars on this grand occasion.  
This is what a new manufacturer looks like. New employees in new jobs. Hundreds of new, high quality jobs in Kansas. Welcome to Topeka, Mars Candy Co. We are very glad you're here.
I am encouraging all Kansans to weigh in on newly proposed regulations from the EPA. Farm ponds, dry creeks, and all water – storm – rain – ground, simply should not be regulated as if they are the Missouri River.  Kansans should weigh in now to make sure common sense prevails. Make your voice heard at http://www2.epa.gov/uswaters   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7c836a1e-1908-4185-814c-65b1fb59ec7a
I want to thank the American Ambulance Association for awarding me with a 2013 Star of Life Award. Our paramedics and ambulance drivers are on the front lines everyday helping Americans in their time of need. It is an honor to represent them and work with them in the United States Senate.
Yet another Obamacare delay, announced by the "most transparent Administration in history".....at 8:00 pm last night. Nobody is surprised. Obamacare just doesn't work for America. We have to repeal and replace it. In case you are losing track, here is a list of delays that underscore the many problems with the law. http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/obamacare-affordable-care-act-105036.html?hp=f2
Today the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in Hobby Lobby's case against the #ObamaCare mandate.  Share if you stand with Hobby Lobby in support of religious freedom in America!
Looking forward to celebrating with the next generation of Agriculture today. Happy Agriculture Day!
Please take a moment to read this touching story about the service of Eugene Scott, a Kansas veteran whose family made sure he finally received 7 medals he earned in World War II but had never received. Mr. Scott's family came to us for help in locating his records. I am thankful he and his service will now get the recognition it deserves. If you or someone you know needs help with military honors, please contact my office to see if we can help.
Thrilled that my bill authored with Senator Tom Harkin to help charities & co-ops offer pensions has cleared congress and is on its way to the Presidents desk.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=83c3818a-ed9e-4ed9-846c-10a75eead818&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f&MonthDisplay=3&YearDisplay=2014
Wichita State Shockers Men's Basketball with a commanding win! Making all of Kansas proud.
Congratulations to KU for the win. On to round 2!
On this day in 1927, the Kansas State Flag was officially adopted!  http://kshs.org/kansapedia/kansas-state-flag/14498
Good luck Kansas teams!
Fun Fact: Kansas State - With their matchup against Kentucky, the #Wildcats will be playing in a rematch of the 1951 National Championship game, which featured "Mr. K-State" Ernie Barrett.
Fun Fact:  Wichita State - With a win in the first round, the #Shockers would become the first team in NCAA history to start 35-0!
Fun fact: Kansas — With their #2 seeding in the South bracket, the #Jayhawks have extended their longest-active streak of consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances to 25.
Kansans, the U.S. Army’s 1st Infantry Division and the friends and family of 1Lt. Schwab, Sgt. Weinstein, Sgt. Nietzel, and Sgt. Garcia - honorees tied  to Kansas - have much to be proud of today. The four soldiers are part of a group of 24 that were awarded the Medal of Honor, our nation’s highest award for bravery, at the White House today. To read more about the service of each, visit here: http://www.army.mil/medalofhonor/valor24/recipients/index.html?f=top_nav
Sharing breakfast and speaking with Kansas City area business and civic leaders is a great way to start the morning.
Thank you to the hard working folks at the Wolf Creek Nuclear Energy Center for the informative tour of their impressive facilities. Keep up the good work!
Spirited town hall in the beautiful and historic Chase County Courthouse this morning.
Great last stop of the day with the veterans at the American Legion in Hillsboro. Semper Fi!
Number 1 seed... way to go Shockers! 3 Kansas schools in the NCAA basketball tournament!
Another great town hall in Lincoln County! People in Lincoln have Kansas common sense solutions, and are tired of the federal government interfering in their daily lives and pocket books.
Rural health care and critical access hospitals are essential to Kansas and our country. I truly  appreciate the tour of Mitchell County Hospital today with Kansas Senator Elaine Bowers and Kansas Rep Susan Concannon.  The hospital has an amazing staff, and they are doing incredible work.
Just wrapped up a fantastic town hall and lunch with the good folks in Beloit.
What a wonderful service at Mankato United Methodist Church. Thanks to Pastor Gerry Sharp for a great message and all the congregation's fellowship.
We had a great coffee and meet & greet in Mankato with Keith and Bethany Roe and many other good friends this morning before heading off to church.
What an idyllic place for our last town hall of the day. Lebanon, KS, the geographic center of the US.
Singing our state song in front of the cabin it was written in. A big thanks to El Dean Holthus and the folks in  the Smith County who worked so hard to restore this important historical site.
What a great visit to the Home On The Range Cabin. Our state motto as well as our state song certainly ring true here. Ad Astra per Aspera - to the stars through difficulty. Our ancestors handled a lot of difficulty, and Kansans today, following their lead, are as tough as ever.
On my way to the Home on the Range Cabin with Smith Center mayor Trey Joy. Dr. Brewster Higley wrote our state song in the cabin in 1871.
2nd town hall of the day in beautiful Osborne, KS. Great discussion on Keystone pipeline, regs, and of course our three Kansas basketball teams.
Great town hall meeting this morning in Stockton with the KS Farm Bureau, KS Rep Travis Coture-Lovelady, and KS Senator Elaine Bowers. We had a great discussion about the EPA, Obamacare, the IRS investigation, and the Farm Bill.
Had a very productive meeting with the crew at TCT Telecom in Council Grove today. A great business serving a great community.
Good talk with my friend and great small town newspaper man Craig McNeal, the Editor in Chief of the Council Grove Republican.
Congratulations Jayhawks! What a win in overtime!  The University of Kansas
Sebelius said today #ObamaCare premiums will likely go up next year. Wasn’t it supposed to be the “affordable” care act?
We need pro-growth, pro-jobs and pro-business solutions to succeed as a state and as a nation. I fight for those policies every day, so it was a honor to receive the US Chamber of Commerce's Spirit of Enterprise Award today.
I had the opportunity to meet with the folks from the twelfth Kansas Agriculture and Rural Leadership class yesterday.  These are fantastic leaders from all corners of the state working to improve rural communities and agriculture in Kansas.
Today I asked Labor Secretary Tom Perez what he would tell a Kansas small business owner who told me she will have to close her doors if the minimum wage is raised. He responded by comparing it to the smoking ban. Smoking ban? This Administration is out of touch with main street and proves again and again it does not know how to preserve and create jobs. http://youtu.be/uWtMfdcLrKc
Had a wonderfully productive meeting with the delegation from the City of Wichita- Government today.  There are so many great things happening in Wichita in addition to the Shockers!
It was great to see Manhattan, Kansas Mayor John Matta, City Commissioner Usha Reddi & City Manager Ron Feh this morning.  Had a great talk about NBAF, taxes, and of course the Wildcats.
As usual, we had a good discussion of agriculture issues from Farm Bill implementation to the lesser prairie chicken with the Kansas Farm Bureau Board today. Thanks to Terry Holdren and President Steve Baccus for the advice and counsel.
It is always good to visit with my friend and Lenexa City Councilman Andy Huckaba. Thanks for coming by and keeping me informed about all things Lenexa! City of Lenexa, Kansas Government
Today I was pleased to meet with the City of Ottawa Kansas Municipal Government including Mayor Sara Caylor and City Manager Richard Nienstedt.
Real reform and savings for nutrition programs in the Farm Bill? I don’t think so. States like New York and Connecticut have already figured out a way to continue gaming the system for additional federal SNAP funds through the LIHEAP Loophole. (The Farm Bill only become law last month) This is exactly what I have warned against and why I introduced a bill (a year ago) to stop it. 
It was great to meet with the folks who are launching our next generation of farmers and ranchers -- our FFA advisors and agriculture instructors. Thank you for the work you do!
34-0 going into the NCAA Tournament has not been done since 1991. Go Shockers!
It was my pleasure to meet with Karlin Price, Cheryl Johnson, Vicki Hoffman and Glenda Johnston, members of the School Nutrition Association from Kansas. Our students are in good hands!
It was great to discuss current issues with the best and brightest at The University of Kansas's Student Senate. I was glad to meet Student Body President Marcus Tetwiler and enjoyed calling up his grandmother too!
Great news! The Jenkins family is headed home! http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/Topeka-Family-Headed-Home-From-Ukraine-249070101.html?device=tablet
Another fine Kansas leader in agriculture stopped by to say hello this week -- Marieta Hauser, Member at Large and Kansas Farm Bureau Women's Committee Chair.
Earlier this week I was glad to meet with the Johnson County Board of County Commissioners (and Riley County Commission Chair Robert Boyd). Johnson County residents are lucky to have strong and visionary County Commission.
Once again, the Obama Administration is playing politics with peoples lives just to win elections. We now have another Obamacare delay, which serves as another admission that it does not work. Where is the delay for the individual? Where is the delay for the average American? We need to repeal this monstrosity and protect the all-important doctor-patient relationship.  http://thehill.com/blogs/healthwatch/health-reform-implementation/199784-new-obamacare-delay-to-help-midterm-dems 
Here was my exchange today at the Finance Committee hearing with Treasury Secretary Lew. The IRS awarded employees $62 million in bonuses following the targeting scandal. Do you agree with Secretary Lew when he says people at the IRS have been held accountable?
Help honor Olpe Kansas Girls Basketball Coach Jesse Nelson, the all-time winningest high school basketball coach in Kansas history, by voting for him in the USA Today “Best Girls Basketball Coach” contest. Vote as many times as you like here: http://contest.usatodayhss.com/
Senate Democrats made the right decision and joined Republicans to block the Obama Administration's controversial nomination of Debo Adegbile to head the Justice Department's civil rights decision. 
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew is testifying before the Senate Finance Committee today. What would you ask him? I plan to ask about the IRS scandal and their attack on the First Amendment.
Great to hang out with the Kansas VFW members today.   #SemperFi!
Excellent editorial by my friend and colleague Senator Pat Toomey on the latest absurdly partisan nomination from the Obama Administration that will likely go unchecked in the era of Harry Reid's nuclear option.  Any lawyer who would abuse the justice system to this extent has no place at the Justice Department.  Debo Adegbile certainly doesn't. http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/inquirer/20140303_Unfit_for_Justice_post.html 
What a great Wichita State win! It was a pleasure watching the game with President Bardo and Andy Schlapp, and an honor to talk with the team and Coach Marshall after the game!
I was saddened, dismayed, and discouraged this week to see Harry Reid use the Senate floor to attack two great Kansas leaders for simply exercising their constitutional rights.  A sad day for the Senate and for the country. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fs2ZspVWafQ
Today I introduced a bill to stop health care rationing in Obamacare. In the absence of a full repeal of the law, we need to fight the further intrusion of the federal government into the relationship between doctors and patients. My bill repeals the four rationing bodies that seek to limit options for care under the misconception that health care is one size-fits-all.
Had a great time visiting with the Kansas Credit Union Association today. I appreciate them sharing first hand stories regarding the harmful impact Dodd-Frank has had on communities throughout Kansas. I have long fought the regulatory wave hitting financial institutions due to Dodd-Frank and the CFPB.
I am thrilled that the House has passed legislation to fight back against the IRS' unfair targeting of 501(c)(4) organizations.  I have introduced similar legislation in the Senate which as the support of more that 35 Senators.  We don’t need the IRS regulating constitutionally guaranteed free speech.  http://bigstory.ap.org/article/house-bill-blocks-irs-limits-political-groups
The Senate Finance Committee should hear testimony from CBO. They need to explain how their #ObamaCare numbers were off by a trillion dollars and over a million jobs.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=41b6cf37-3fa2-498e-aa3a-54cbf15dfc02
How about those Jayhawks last night?!  Congrats on winning 10 consecutive Big12 championships.
I was proud to join Senator Roy Blunt in standing up for the Constitution by keeping the FCC out of our newsrooms. 
Today I sent a letter to the new Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee requesting a hearing to examine the vast difference between the original estimates and the most recent projections of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) on the rising costs of Obamacare. They were off by a trillion dollars and millions of jobs. How can we fix health care if we can't get an accurate cost estimate? CBO needs to come before the Senate and explain. 
The Wichita Eagle reports on my Critical Access Hospital Relief Bill: http://www.kansas.com/2014/02/24/3309469/roberts-introduces-bill-to-relax.html
Today I introduced a bipartisan bill to protect rural hospitals and patients from a burdensome Medicare rule that could hurt access to quality care for rural Kansans. For more on the bill, go here: http://goo.gl/YYQ4ur 
Let's go Shockers!  #WATCHUS
It was a pleasure to listen to Pittsburg area community leaders regarding pressing issues for southeast Kansas like housing and four lanes on US 69. Thank you to Mayor Michael Gray and the Pittsburg Area Chamber of Commerce Director Blake Benson for making me feel welcome and providing strategic advice and counsel.
Please see Jerry Moran's great op-ed in the Daily Caller about my bill to stop the IRS from restricting free speech and targeting groups for political beliefs.  http://dailycaller.com/2014/02/20/can-americas-faith-in-the-irs-be-restored/
There is troubling news today regarding the UK’s National Health System: A major database connecting various types of patient records has been delayed to address privacy concerns. At least they delayed it! I remain concerned that the Obamacare Exchanges are moving full speed ahead without addressing patient privacy concerns. Patient privacy is an absolute necessity and I’ll continue to pressure this Administration for answers.  http://www.ihealthbeat.org/articles/2014/2/19/uks-nhs-delays-patient-record-database-amid-privacy-concerns
A concern among many Kansans I have met with this week is the issue of patient privacy. Every day we hear about a new breach of private records in state healthcare exchanges. Vermont is the latest example where one patient’s bills were sent to another. Patients must be able to trust their Doctor with their records, but who is responsible if the government violates that trust? I continue to demand answers from CMS regarding the safety of patient records in the Obamacare exchanges. http://www.burlingtonfreepress.com/article/20140212/NEWS03/302120026/7-more-privacy-breaches-for-Vermont-exchange-customers
It was a pleasure to hear my friend and fellow Kansas State University alumni Mayor Carl Gerlach at the annual Overland Park State of the City Address speak regarding "public service." I join Mayor Gerlach in honoring the City of Overland Park employees and first responders who make Overland Park a great city. It was also great to see my friend Ed Eilert, Chairman of the Board of Johnson County Commissioners. A special note of thanks to the Shawnee Mission North for their wonderful musical performance at lunch. Overland Park City Hall
The President's announcement this week to force automakers to meet tougher fuel-efficiency standards for mid-size and large trucks is his latest executive overreach. Kansans have already told me the proposed rules will hurt their businesses. I will lead an effort to protest these rules because they will have little to no effect on climate change and will instead raise costs for consumers and the taxpayer. 
We had an amazing time at the Kansas Chamber annual dinner in Topeka last night. It was so great to spend time our good friend Lt. Gov Jeff Colyer, and, of course, the crowd of over 1,000 people were thrilled to hear from the keynote speaker Ben Stein.
Thanks to the staff at the Ashland Health Center for the visit yesterday. Critical Access Hospitals are an important part of our rural health care system. We discussed challenges to rural health care and especially to Critical Access Hospitals from Obamacare. I am working on legislation that will help.
It has been 5 years since the Obama Administration and Democrats  passed the nearly $800 billion stimulus. I voted against the stimulus because it was not going to create jobs and was spending we could not afford. I am sad to say I was right. Millions of Americans have given up looking for work. The economy is stuck with slow growth and Obamacare is further reducing job creation. And now the Administration is attempting to do a victory lap. They ignore real job creating efforts like the Keystone Pipeline, or scrapping and replacing Obamacare. Maybe they should look to Kansas and see what our state is doing right. 
Always a pleasure to visit with the students at Dodge City Community College. These kids are doing great work and Kansas' future is bright in their hands.
Thanks to the folks at Victory Electric in Dodge City for the opportunity to see your operation firsthand and for taking the time to tell me about issues facing your industry.
Thanks to those who joined me for coffee this morning in Dodge City. As usual, my best advice and counsel comes from these spirited discussions.
Thanks Kansas Cooperative Council. I always appreciate the hard work and support of the KCC and their member co-ops. I will continue to fight for regulatory relief for all Kansans.
We don't need the IRS regulating free speech!  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=87f61381-e91a-4072-8f1b-e64c02237479
Go Shockers!
I introduced a bill today to prevent the IRS from targeting groups for their political beliefs. 37 Senators have joined me and cosponsored the bill to protect free speech.   For more on the bill: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=87f61381-e91a-4072-8f1b-e64c02237479 
Best state in America for college basketball! KSU, KU and the undefeated Wheat Shockers. No wonder Missouri left for the SEC.
The Obama Administration issued another delay for the President’s legacy program today.  Where is the delay for American families?   http://1.usa.gov/1lYmrDl
Great spending time with Kansas State University basketball great Ernie Barrett during another top 25 win for the Wildcats!
As the Winter Olympics start tonight, I'd like to wish Katie Uhlaender and the rest of athletes the best of luck.   Go Team USA!
It is a pleasure to be with so many great friends at the Salina Area Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner. Great things are happening in Salina.
What do you think? Were the books cooked? Do you think Obamacare would have passed with a $2 trillion price tag? National Review's corner shares my calls for CBO to come before the Senate Finance Committee:  http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/370495/roberts-were-books-cooked-cbos-early-obamacare-estimates-andrew-johnson
I have signed an amicus brief in support of Hobby Lobby and  Conestoga Wood Specialties' challenge to the Obamacare contraception mandate. Forcing employers to provide services in direct conflict with their strongly held religious beliefs, while giving waivers on other onerous Obamacare provisions to the administration’s political allies is wrong, period.  http://goo.gl/KkRxH7
CBO changed their tune on Obamacare.  We must have an accurate estimate on the cost of legislation so that we can do our jobs. This shouldn’t be about politics or gaming the system.  This is about people’s lives. CBO must answer this Congress and America.  http://youtu.be/if10_0i4ABQ
Today I voted against final passage of the 2014 Farm Bill because it goes backwards towards protectionist subsidy programs, instead of forward with innovative and responsible solutions for producers and the taxpayer. We can and should do better for agriculture.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IESC5rQ2hFI&feature=youtu.be
Had a great time meeting with Baker University(Official) President Dr. Pat Long, President-Elect Dr. Lynne Murray, and Mary Larson Diaz today. I enjoyed our discussion about the Higher Education Act and the Baker Wetlands.
Recent CBO report shows #Obamacare is worse than projected. Expected slow economic growth over the next decade, costing the nation about 2.5 million jobs and contributing to a $2 trillion increase in projected deficits.
It was a pleasure today to meet with Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, Dr. Trewyn, and Sue Peterson to discuss NBAF construction and increasing research at the University’s Biosecurity Research Institute (BRI).
Most of Kansas is getting hammered by severe snow storms today.  Be sure to stay safe out there and stay off the roads if you can.
In Case You Missed It: Breitbart article on my bill to keep the federal government out of local education decisions.  http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/02/01/Kansas-Sen-Roberts-Proposes-Bill-to-Feds-in-Education-Over-Common-Core
All of Kansas is pulling for Wichita State today. Let's go Shockers! Beat Evansville and get to 23-0!
Checkout the latest Roberts Report.  We talk about my reaction to the State of the Union, Benghazi, my bill to limit the federal governments intrusion into local education decisions, my opposition to the farm bill, and Kansas Day.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=583575f7-3bc7-4187-a9d3-81c0b5c02430&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
Great to have the support of Americans for Prosperity for my legislation to keep the federal government out of local education decisions.   “AFP Kansas applauds Senator Roberts for introducing legislation that asserts our belief that education is best administered at the state and local level—not by bureaucrats in Washington. Like most other federal mandates the Common Core takes control away from local educators and leads to higher school costs. AFP supports increasing educational freedom and economic opportunity by increasing school choice." - Jeff Glendening, State Director - Americans for Prosperity - Kansas  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6b189f99-cd40-4f5f-bc69-01d1eec3ac95
Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid only supports free speech when he agrees with the speech. His continuous attacks on the Koch Family are unfair and unfounded.   I applaud Koch Industries, a great Kansas company, for standing up for what's right by announcing that "Charles Koch and David Koch will continue to exercise their First Amendment rights to advocate for their fundamental beliefs in individual liberty, limited government, and the promotion of policies that help people improve their lives."  I support them all the way.  http://www.politico.com/story/2014/01/koch-brothers-harry-reid-102914.html?hp=f2
Today I introduced legislation to to preserve state education autonomy by prohibiting the federal government from coercing states to adopt education standards like Common Core.    Setting high standards for our schools, our teachers and our children is the right thing to do, but those standards should be decided in Kansas, without bribes or mandates from Washington. We need to get the federal government out of the classroom, and return community decisions back to where they belong - in the community.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A15AWkziff8&feature=youtu.be  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6b189f99-cd40-4f5f-bc69-01d1eec3ac95
During the State of the Union, the President didn’t mention, not once, the tragedy in #Benghazi. Americans deserve to know what happened.
It was great to spend Kansas Day with the Kansas Association of Wheat Growers  (Kansas Wheat).  I was honored to receive the 2013 Wheat Advocate Award for working to advance agriculture.
On this day on January 29, 1861. Kansas entered the Union as the 34th state!   Happy Kansas Day!
My response to the President's State of the Union Address. We heard more of the same from the President: more taxes, more spending, more bypassing the Congress to enact his agenda, and more big government.  http://youtu.be/bZn6Ee_BrMY
I just had the opportunity to discuss Benghazi and the State of the Union with Neil Cavuto on Fox Business.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44lBR86nW-E&feature=youtu.be
Warmest wishes for a wonderful birthday to retired Col. Roger Donlon from Leavenworth. Roger is a true American hero. He was awarded the first Congressional Medal of Honor in the Vietnam War.  
 
 Desperately wounded by ambush, he rescued his men and led them to safety. 
 
 The Special Forces Assn, Chapter 29 had a spirited luncheon today in his honor. 
 
 Roger and Norma, we honor you, value you, and wish you many many more Happy Birthdays.
My friend Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn delivers her 13th annual State of the City Address. Mayor Dunn reports that Leawood continues to "grow with distinction." Congratulations to Mayor Dunn, the Leawood city council and staff, the Leawood Chamber of Commerce and most importantly the entrepreneurial citizens and businesses that help drive the Kansas economy.
Check out my article in Breitbart.com today. I again request that the President use tomorrow’s State of the Union address to tell the whole story of Benghazi.
 
 http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Peace/2014/01/27/President-Obama-Should-Use-the-State-of-the-Union-to-Give-us-the-Whole-Story-on-Benghazi#disqus_thread
I could not sign the 2014 Farm Bill Conference Report this evening because it takes agriculture policy backward instead of enacting forward thinking reforms that are good for farmers, ranchers and the taxpayer. 
Looking ahead to the President's State of the Union Address: What would you like him to discuss? Kansans want answers on Benghazi. Here is my speech on the Senate floor requesting the President to set the record straight at the State of the Union. 
Good to be with such hardworking educators at the Kansas Workforce Summit today. These folks do incredible work to help the Kansas economy.
It was a great day to be at the Kansas State Capitol with my friends Governor Brownback, Congressman Huelskamp, Mary Kay Culp and everyone else from Kansans for Life to stand up and rally for the sanctity of all life.
It was a real honor to be on hand today in Topeka as the Walmart Foundation and it's Kansas Giving Program awarded over $600,00 to 13 Kansas non-profits. These are great organizations that do so much for their communities. Thank you to them and thank you to Walmart.
I was proud to meet with my friends Earl Long, Lloyd and Nancy Hanahan and other key members of the FairTaxKC organization yesterday. We had a good discussion about the Constitution, the IRS, the burdensome tax code and economic growth. I look forward to continue working with FairtaxKC to reform the tax code.
We had a wonderful visit to Spinal Simplicity in Overland Park this morning. They are doing incredible things with minimally invasive spinal implants. A great Kansas Company.
NA
Kansas families have to live within a budget. As taxpayers, they expect the federal government to do the same. Unfortunately, the $1.11 trillion bill to fund the government’s discretionary spending busted the budget caps we set just a few years ago. We keep talking about the need for fiscal discipline, but Congress and the President just cannot seem to get it done.  We should have passed a budget that respected the caps so we could get our country further down the path of debt relief. Because this bill busted the budget and lumped massive spending in more than 1500 pages of federal spending and projects, I voted against the bill, despite the fact it included some very important measures that I personally have labored on for years. For example, the bill included money for the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF) in Manhattan. This lab is a national security priority. It will greatly augment the work already done at the biosecurity lab I helped bring to the K-State campus when I first began the effort to make Kansas a leader in food security. I fought for Manhattan to win the multi-state NBAF competition on the merits and have worked tirelessly every step of the way to make NBAF a reality for Kansas. I wish the project had moved in regular order through the vetting of a true appropriations process, but that no longer seems to exist in Congress. That process would have allowed Congress to prioritize spending, and I am confident NBAF would have been at the top of the list.  It gives me no pleasure to vote against a bill that includes an important project into which I have put my heart and soul and many hours of work.  But that vote was necessary to send a signal we can no longer afford unchecked spending as usual.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor and requested the President set the record straight about Benghazi at his State of the Union address. 
Many thanks to Prairie Village Mayor Ron Schaffer and the mayors serving our wonderful cities in northeast Johnson County for their optimistic updates at today's 2014 State of the Cities luncheon hosted by the Northeast Johnson County Chamber of Commerce with Fairway Mayor Jerry Wiley, Merriam Mayor Ken Sisson, Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt, Westwood Mayor John Ye, Mission Mayor Laura McConwell, and Westwood Hills Mayor Paula Schwach.
The broken promises in Obamacare continue to mount, while the signups, particularly among the young and healthy, continue to underwhelm. This morning I took to the Senate floor to talk about the dangers in this law and the importance of repealing it. Watch a clip of my speech below.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?edit=vd&v=65og1h-Q3yQ
The next wave of cancellations, small-group plans.....When do these folks get a waiver?
Go Shockers! Let's keep the undefeated streak going. #watchus
Looking forward to the Sunflower Showdown! It ranks as the 8th-longest continuously played rivalry in the country. I know who I will be rooting for, how about you?
I joined Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Jim Inhofe, and Senator Orrin Hatch in introducing a resolution that says further bilateral talks with Iran must be conditional upon the release of U.S. prisoners unjustly detained in Iran and upon Iran’s public affirmation of the right of Israel to exist as a Jewish state. The Iranians have yet to implement any of the interim agreement requirements set over a month ago. To expect the Iranians will do more in six months is foolish. The Administration should be protecting our greatest ally in the region and demanding Iranians publicly state their acceptance for the State of Israel while also working to ensure the release of innocent Americans before taking another step closer to President Rouhani.
More than three months into the exchange and still millions more Americans are losing their health care plans than can sign up for #Obamacare.
Good news: we have forced the Obama Administration to end School Lunch regulations that were leaving kids hungry at the end of an active school day. Common sense prevails.
A critical delay of yet another part of Obamacare, this ruling delays enforcement of provisions requiring religious groups provide insurance plans that cover birth control: http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/justice-delays-health-laws-birth-control-mandate/2013/12/31/587d4c02-7293-11e3-bc6b-712d770c3715_story.html?hpid=z3
What a wonderful day for all of Kansas and especially the over 100 present at a very special celebration in Morganville, in Clay County. Following World War II, the good and compassionate people of Morganville were informed of the terrible plight of the residents of Feves, France, located on the German border.   Their homes and businesses and all their possessions were destroyed. Morganville went to work and raised money for clothes, food, seed, implements etc.and shipped them to Feves---- they literally saved hundreds of lives.   In honor of that event 65 years ago, a delegation from Feves were in Morganville yesterday bringing their heartfelt thanks and good will.   A great day for the spirit of humanity and caring. Here's to Morganville. They made us all better people.
We're still feeling the Wildcat fever in Topeka today. Congratulations on a great victory and season.
It's a holiday tradition for my office to support the Marine's Toys for Tots foundation. Thanks to the Marines for this wonderful program.
 
 If you'd like to donate, you can click here for more information: http://www.toysfortots.org/
Today I joined a bipartisan group of 25 other Senators in introducing the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act. While the United States and other allied nations have agreed to an interim deal with Iran to curtail nuclear processing, this is not the best path forward to keeping our nation safe. The President was able to act without Congressional approval, but now it is up to Congress to ensure that when the interim period is up, if Iran has failed to meet its obligations, the United States will act swiftly and appropriately to apply new sanctions. I am proud to be a part of this legislation and will continue working to keep Americans and our allies in the region safe from a nuclear Iran.
My thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of the six soldiers who lost their lives protecting our freedom in Afghanistan. I offer my deepest condolences to the Ft. Riley community. God bless them for their sacrifice. Semper fi.
Harry Reid blocked a Republican amendment to restore $6 billion in veteran benefits to the budget. Another reason I voted no.
I applaud the Senate Foreign Relations Committee today for moving forward on important legislation protecting religious minorities and religious rights throughout the Middle East. Unfortunately, Christians, Jews, Baha’is, and others face severe persecution in many parts of the world -- especially in places like Iran. This legislation will help to protect international religious freedom and expedite the release of individuals, like Pastor Saeed Abedini, who are being held for such erroneous crimes as spreading the Gospel. As a cosponsor of the bill, I look forward to the full Senate’s consideration of this bill in the new year.
Americans have a right to know if a plan they are purchasing in the Obamacare exchange covers abortion. Millions of pro-life Americans oppose the use of their money to cover abortion services, but as current law is written, it is difficult to obtain information about which exchange plans provide such services. Today I introduced a bill, supported by 13 other Senators, that requires this information to be prominently disclosed so consumers can make informed, values-based decisions.  The failings of Obamacare are painfully clear from loss of coverage to increased premiums, but the secrecy in the law raises serious moral and ethical issues. We need transparency. Consumers have a right to know what these fees are paying for so that they can choose an insurance plan that meets their needs and is in line with their beliefs and values.
A study released today shows that 69% of Americans claim their premiums are going up due to #ObamaCare.
 
 Source:  http://finance.yahoo.com/news/ap-gfk-poll-health-law-131659580.html
I applaud the FBI and the Joint Terrorism Task Force for protecting Kansans from a terrorist attack in Wichita. Today’s arrest is a warning to us all that we must remain vigilant against those who wish to do us harm. This vigilance is ever present in those that serve our nation in law enforcement -- at all levels of government -- and I am especially grateful for their diligence and hard work to keep us safe. http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/12/13/21891923-feds-say-they-disrupted-suicide-bomb-plot-by-worker-at-wichita-airport?lite
This morning I took to the Senate floor to discuss the importance of holding a strong line with regards to Iran's nuclear development. I see no reason to trust a regime that sponsors terrorism, undermines the international community through its support for Bashar al-Assad in Syria, imprisons Christian pastors for exercising their faith, and constantly threatens the legitimacy of the State of Israel. We must impose tougher sanctions on Iran.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkckPE1yXAM&feature=youtu.be
The Ryan-Murray budget deal falls far short of what is needed to address the nation’s fiscal challenges. It will not have any significant impact on the national debt, and, in fact, increases federal spending for the next two years. I intend to vote against it on the Senate Floor.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=c3290aae-578f-4eea-ade4-9eb876ebfbe2
My full statement at the Finance hearing today with the IRS Commissioner nominee. I told him the FAIR tax might be a way to get the IRS out of politics.
Votes on the Senate Floor forced our Finance Committee Hearing on the nomination of the next IRS Commissioner to be postponed.    When we next convene, I plan to ask President Obama's nominee about the IRS going after political groups, how they expect to cope with the massive work load now forced on them by Obamacare and  press him on the Fair Tax.  What would you ask if you had the opportunity?
The Federal Government is closed over a few inches of snow. The Senate is in session, and I am on my way to a Finance Committee Hearing on the nomination of the next IRS Commissioner. We'll discuss the Fair Tax, Obamacare and keeping the IRS from intimidating political groups.
The headline says it all. Many Americans will be surprised by the increased drug costs and the unexpected out-of-pocket expenses under Obamacare.
Our thoughts are with the brave souls who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor 72 years ago today. May their sacrifice never be forgotten. Semper Fi
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa. Mandela was a hero to all those who strive for liberty and freedom around the globe.
It was great to visit with an extraordinary group of young leaders at Washburn University yesterday. The future of Kansas looks bright with impressive students like these leading the way.    http://cjonline.com/news/2013-12-04/roberts-hits-washburn-listening-tour
NA
NA
It was a pleasure to visit with nearly 1,000 of my friends tonight, including KFB President Steve Baccus, at the 95th Kansas Farm Bureau Annual Meeting in Manhattan. What a great turnout of producers and community leaders. I truly appreciate all the support, advice and counsel. There is no doubt, KFB is - The Voice of Kansas Agriculture.
I wish this was surprising, but once again, Obamacare is found to be ripe for fraud. http://thehill.com/blogs/on-the-money/domestic-taxes/191887-irs-needs-to-bolster-obamacare-tax-credit-efforts
It was a pleasure to speak with the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce today about their legislative agenda and join them in recognizing my dedicated staff member - Karin Wisdom - who has served the community and Kansas for 20 years. Karin is retiring in December, and we all wish her good luck!
It was a pleasure to visit with John Tomblin the Executive Director for the National Institute for Aviation Research at Wichita State University. The structural aviation research occurring in Wichita is groundbreaking and important for Kansas and America.
A heartfelt congratulations to  Jackie McClaskey who was announced today as Kansas' next Secretary of Agriculture. Jackie is an agriculture policy expert and a member of the K-State family. I have no doubt she will serve Kansas well.  Big thanks also goes out to Dale Rodman, outgoing KS Agriculture Secretary, for his dedicated service. Congrats Jackie and thank you Dale!  https://governor.ks.gov/frontpagenews/2013/12/02/governor-sam-brownback-appoints-new-secretary-of-agriculture
Happy to celebrate a big Wildcat victory in the Sunflower Showdown with Governor and Mary Brownback and President Kirk Schultz. Congratulations Cats!
Don't forget, tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. Get out there and spend your shopping dollars on Main Street to invest in your community.
Franki and I wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving. We are thankful for those serving our nation who are away from their loved ones during the holidays. We are thankful for their sacrifice and service.
A deal that gives billions in sanctions relief to the world's largest state sponsor of terror while letting them continue to enrich is a bad deal.  http://www.kansascity.com/2013/11/23/4643867/kerry-russian-fm-join-iran-nuclear.html
Latest issue of the Roberts Report is out! Give it a read and catch up on what I have been working on the last few weeks.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=c309f1eb-dc92-4e28-8975-6756d5cb6f19&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
In case you missed it: last night at 8:30 pm when the Obama Administration hoped you weren't paying attention, they announced they would extend the delay for people to keep the plans that they liked….until after the 2014 election. At that time the Administration will enforce its own rules and will deem millions of Americans’ plans substandard and force insurance companies to cancel them, again breaking the President’s promise that if you like your health care plan you can keep it.
From my floor speech today: "The majority has permanently undermined this body, robbed it of a vital tool to check the untrammeled authority of this or any other president, so this sinking ship of an Administration can make whatever appointments it wants. What a tragedy."
With Harry Reid breaking the rules of the Senate and enacting the so-called nuclear option, Democrats are again shutting out the voice of the minority just as they did with Obamacare. Senate Democrats are proving that not only are they willing to break promises, they are also willing to break rules.
 
 source: http://www.cq.com/doc/news-3087097
Promising news for McConnell Air Force Base. I would add to the headline: McConnell has received more awards over the past 16 months than all other Air Mobility bases combined.
Today Senator Moran and I had the opportunity to visit with 250 members of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) in Overland Park about the safety and security of both the United States and Israel.
President Obama finally admitted today that his pledge to keep your current plan ended up not being accurate.
Beth, from Tribune, doesn't understand why her disabled son's insurance is being cancelled because of Obamacare. They liked what they had and it worked for them.  They should be able to keep it.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about Beth, from Tribune, Kansas and her family's struggles with Obamacare.   Her son’s insurance is being cancelled the first of January.  To replace his policy with a similar plan, it’s going to cost far more than the $750 monthly premium Beth pays now. Beth is not alone. More than 9,000 Kansans have lost the plans they like due to Obamacare.
Attention all college students! The deadline for spring internship applications for my Washington DC office is this Friday, November 15th.  Get your applications in! http://ht.ly/qMJ1s
Obamacare Numbers for Kansas - 371 enrolled on healthcare.gov, and more than 9,000 lost their insurance as a result of Obamacare
It was an honor to join so many fellow members of the United States Marine Corps today at the official Marine Corps birthday celebration in the U.S. Senate.  It was especailly nice to spend some time with General Amos, the Commandant of the Marine Corps. Semper Fi Marines
I was proud to let the Air Force know that McConnell Air Force Base and Wichita is the best home for the KC-46A Tankers.
Today we thank all of the brave men and women who have served to protect and defend America.  
 
 Semper Fi
As the senior Marine in the Congress and the son of a Marine who fought on Iwo Jima, I want to wish a happy 238th birthday to the United States Marine Corps.  Semper Fi
It was an honor be the Grand Marshal of the Wichita Veterans Day Parade today.  God bless our veterans. Semper Fi
As I said yesterday, more Americans are losing the plan they like than are able to sign up for a plan in the exchange. #truth  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/11/barack-obama-i-am-sorry-affordable-care-act-obamacare-99559.html?hp=t1_3
I am proud to announce the young Kansans that will receive my  nomination for appointments to U.S. Service Academies. These men and women are outstanding representatives of Kansas in every way, and I wish them all the best as they pursue their education and service to our nation.
In case you missed it: here is my interview last night "On the Record" with Greta Van Susteren. We discuss Obamacare, accountability for the failures of the exchanges...and did you know, a felon can be an exchange Navigator? Watch here.
This is a great case study in the pitfalls of Obamacare.
Fox News carried my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign live today.  More people are losing their insurance than are signing up on the website. Secretary Sebelius said America should hold her accountable, which is why today I again requested her resignation.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Di6x6TdJXC4
I just got off the air with Gretchen Carlson of Fox News. We talked about my questions on patient privacy and security for CMS Administrator Tavenner, my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign and the President's bait and switch deception on "If you like your plan you can keep it." Click below to watch the segment.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFUs_I7bCnc&feature=youtu.be
It was great to see Ann Charles, community leader in Parsons, and Daniel Mann the CEO of Great Plains Development Authority today. After years of hard work we have finally seen the Kansas Army Ammunitions plant transform into the Great Plains Industrial Park. They are open for business, and it is great to hear about the exciting things happening in Parsons. 
 
 To learn more about this story click the video below. 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
Secretary Sebelius is testifying in front of the Finance Committee tomorrow.  I will have the opportunity to ask her questions. If given the same chance, what would you ask her?
My strongest thanks and well wishes to the men and women of Golf Co., 2nd Bttn, 135th Av. Regiment of the KS Army Ntl Guard and to their families. These patriot volunteers are deploying to Afghanistan for aeromedical mission this morning. 
 
 Our prayers for the safety and well-being of these soldiers and their families
REMINDER: The EPA is holding a listening session to discuss the proposed coal plant emissions regulation at their Lenexa office at 4:00pm TODAY.    With Kansas relying on coal for about 75% of our electricity production, this ruling will result in higher utility rates for all Kansans.  I encourage you to attend the meeting and express your opposition to this EPA overreach.   http://cjonline.com/news/state/2013-11-04/epa-invites-opinions-coal-plant-emissions-policy
My latest Roberts Report is out.  Click the link below to read some highlights about what I have been working on the last few weeks, including protecting patients privacy in Obamacare, calling for Secretary Sebelius to resign and conference meetings on the farm bill.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=a06717ea-a8e1-49ce-810b-e2d72587d106&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
Doctors take an oath to protect their patients' privacy.  It's a sacred trust. Who in the Federal Government has taken a similar oath?  That is an answer every patient deserves.
Healthcare.gov and the Obamacare exchanges launched one month ago today.  An internal memo reveals only 6 people signed up on the federal exchange the first day. 
 
 http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2013/10/memo-reveals-only-6-people-signed-up-for-obamacare-on-first-day/
Doctors swear an oath to keep patient information private. If that trust is violated, there are consequences. If it is the government's fault, who will be accountable? According to The Hill newspaper: "A contractor heavily involved in repairing HealthCare.gov was previously criticized for endangering the personal data of more than 6 million government beneficiaries through insufficient security controls."
Why are US general aviation aircraft being stopped and searched by Customs & Border Protection when the aircraft hasn't crossed a US border?  Were Constitutional rights violated? See my letter to get answers on CBP unwarranted stops on general aviation aircraft:  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=a7bc0578-237e-425d-baf5-4a5c865ae3ba&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f
One year ago today I wrote the President following the terrorist attacks and the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi. As a former Marine, I was concerned about the damage it would do to those who serve our nation in harm's way. I am still waiting for a response. See my letter here: http://goo.gl/Ecer5X
Another great honor flight with our World War II and Korean War veterans today. God bless our Kansas Vets!
CNN obtains memo written just days before the launch of Obamacare warning of a "high" security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website.  Warning was clearly ignored by HHS.  This is inexcusable.   http://www.cnn.com/2013/10/30/politics/obamacare-website-warning-memo/index.html?hpt=hp_t1
Today our bill to protect pensions for rural cooperatives and charities was approved by the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee.  I want to thank the Kansas Electric Cooperatives, Inc., Lyon-Coffey Electric Cooperative, Inc and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association for their help on the bill.
If Edward Snowden can access and leak some of our most classified intelligence, what is this Administration doing to protect your personal health information in the failed exchange?   Doctors take an oath to protect their patients’ privacy. It’s a sacred trust. Who in the federal government has taken a similar oath? These are answers that every patient deserves to know when they turn over their personal health and financial information to the Obamacare exchanges.
Today I voted in favor of S. J. Res. 26, a resolution to disapprove of the President’s exercise of authority to suspend the debt limit.        We must get on a path to balance our budgets, to rein in long term spending, to slash our deficits and to quit robbing the future of our kids and grandkids.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=bfd056f2-0501-43a1-8c74-0341a9f40c4f
NBC News reports Obama administration knew millions could not keep their health insurance. #MoreThanAWebsite 
 
 http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/10/29/21222195-obama-administration-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance?lite
It was great to spend some time with Wichita State University President John Bardo today. We discussed some of the wonderful things happening with the Shockers in Wichita!
We are still accepting applications for internships in my Washington office. If you are interested in applying, please visit my website.
Thank you to all our military men and women as they protect our way of life and defend our country.
NBC News reports President Barack Obama did not know about Healthcare.gov's technical woes. He didn't know about IRS, Benghazi, or Fast and Furious either.  Where does the buck stop?
WIBW News reports Secretary Sebelius and HHS still in denial about the #Obamacare exchange #trainwreck. Sebelius says predictions of the exchange website's failure "didn’t come true." See for yourself:  http://www.wibwnewsnow.com/hhs-secretary-kathleen-sebelius-denies-radio-interview-records-message/
Five simple questions the American people deserve answers to about the failed launch of the Obamacare exchanges:  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/10/5-obamacare-questions-kathleen-sebelius-wont-answer-98636_Page2.html
This evening I voted against a short term deal that would raise the debt limit and fund the federal government, but fail to address runaway spending and the crippling effects of Obamacare.  This deal fails on spending. This deal fails on Obamacare. Future negotiations based on this deal will likely fail as well. We cannot afford to kick the can down the road again. The current shutdown and debt crisis are severe, but if we fail to address government spending, we will be looking at a permanent shutdown. We will be faced with bankruptcy.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=db493b62-1d1d-4c8e-a522-1d16513bfae2
Bargain away our 2nd Amendment rights to the UN? Not on my watch! 
 
 Like/Share if you will join me in standing against the UN Arms Trade Treaty.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=09552027-7002-41ef-a03e-db3cb2188f3e&ContentType_id=ae7a6475-a01f-4da5-aa94-0a98973de620&Group_id=d8ddb455-1e23-48dd-addd-949f9b6a4c1f
The New York Times is reporting on the outcry from those involved in setting up the Obamacare exchanges, including the GAO, that they warned they would not work or be ready on time.   And yet the Times is reporting that Secretary Sebelius insisted that the project was not in trouble. Even after the exchanges opened to failure, she traveled on tax-payer paid promotional tours to announce everything was fine. We need accountability, which is why I have called on the Secretary to step down.  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/13/us/politics/from-the-start-signs-of-trouble-at-health-portal.html?hpw&pagewanted=all&_r=0
I had the opportunity to go On the Record w/ Greta Van Susteren last night to discuss my call for President Obama to request Secretary Kathleen Sebelius resign.   Click like if you agree Secretary Sebelius should step down.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq3uoWCDkmo
Join me tonight on Fox News at 6pm CDT as I talk with Greta Van Susteren about the failed launch of Obamacare.
Former White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs calls Obamacare roll out "excruciatingly embarrassing for the White House and for the Department of Health and Human Services."  He also says, "I hope they fire some people that were in charge of making sure this thing was supposed to work."    I agree, and it goes all the way to the top.  Secretary Sebelius should resign.  Click like if you agree!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81dsgx1Yz6k
It really was an honor to speak at the rally of veterans at the World War II Memorial yesterday.  Thousands of veterans and their families are protesting the closure of the open air monuments during the government shutdown.  Harry Reid is stopping the vote to open these monuments and parks across the country.    They deserve a vote. Like and share if you agree.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCHDVGC0X5k
As the senior Marine in the Congress, it was an honor to join the veterans at the memorials today.  Semper Fi
Was on with Fox News today discussing the debt limit negotiations, the government shutdown and my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign in light of the dreadful Obamacare exchange launch.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Retoneb2n4M&feature=youtu.be
Joining Fox News to discuss my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign.
Bret Baier, George Will and Juan Williams discussed my call for Secretary Sebelius to resign tonight on Fox News Special Report. Check out the video below.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xS-p5PW0n_I&feature=youtu.be
In the absence of a full repeal of Obamacare, which is my preference, we need new leadership from top to bottom. I am calling on the Secretary of Health and Human Services to resign.
 See my full statement here: http://goo.gl/0C72r8
 
 Everything we have warned about the exchanges has come to pass. Americans are tired of the Sebelius spin. They can see Obamacare has failed them. We need a Secretary who can admit when enough is enough.
Incredibly moving rendition of Taps at today's honor flight. God bless these Kansas Vets
Heavy rain couldn't keep these Kansas WWII vets from their memorial today. Always an honor to spend time with these heroes.
I took to the Senate floor today to discuss the current government shutdown and the upcoming debt limit. I will not let this stalemate stand. I will continue to work toward a solution, and I will do everything in my power to bring the Democrats to the negotiating table. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4kSVoe2ivY
It was wrong for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to single out and demonize one of Kansas’ great employers on the Senate floor. I applaud Koch Industries for standing up to Harry Reid and Senate Democrats. I wanted to share Koch’s response: http://images.politico.com/global/2013/10/09/letter_to_capitol_hill_100913.html
Another critical failure of Obamacare: What happens if you want to delete your profile in the exchange? The Administration doesn't know.
Why was this a surprise to the Obama Administration?  “Unanticipated?” Wall Street Journal reports:  “The Obama administration said last week that an unanticipated surge of Web traffic caused most of the problems and was a sign of high demand by people seeking to buy coverage under the new law. “But federal officials said Sunday the online marketplace needed design changes, as well as more server capacity to improve efficiency on the federally run exchange that serves 36 states.”
"Scheduled maintenance," or are the exchanges just not working.....
My staff, visiting constituents and I are safe and secure. Our thoughts and prayers are with anyone injured, the capitol police, and the all first responders.
Despite House Democrats refusing to fund the National Park Service last night, @senjerrymoran,@replynnjenkins, @repmikepompeo, @repkevinyoder and I were able to ensure these proud KS WWII Vets were able to visit their monument this morning.
NA
It was an honor to have the opportunity to thank our Kansas’ veterans just in town on an Honor Flight at the WWII memorial today. This truly is the Greatest Generation. I was pleased to join Jerry Moran, Lynn Jenkins, Congressman Kevin Yoder and Congressman Mike Pompeo in welcoming them to their Memorial.
The Obamacare exchanges launched today with a resounding thud.  As predicted, Americans across the country are having trouble with down websites and incredibly long hold times.  Even the folks at MSNBC were unable to access the Obamacare exchanges.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOjt35jgmz4
Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah has a great breakdown of what the average American can expect under Obamacare which is in sharp contrast to what the President promised the   American people.
No one wants a government shutdown. In the past 72 hours, Republicans have offered up three different solutions to give the American people what they want -- a government that works for the people and protection from the health care law that is hurting patients and the economy.  The Senate Democrats have not considered a single one of these solutions.   I voted to keep the government open every single time. Nevertheless, Harry Reid and the Democrat leadership were unwilling to even consider these proposals and now will not work with us on a solution.   This unfortunate event is not about a government shutdown, this is about protecting Kansans and Americans from the disastrous health care law that is damaging our economy, raising our taxes, and costing people their jobs.  As predicted, the Obamacare exchanges opened today with massive problems.  Despite multiple delays and waivers for unions, corporations and businesses, Obamacare is still being forced on the American people. I am deeply disappointed my colleagues across the aisle will not consider solutions that acknowledge the widespread concerns expressed by the American people with Obamacare.  We cannot let this stalemate stand. I will continue to work toward a solution. I urge my Democrat colleagues to put their constituents first and stop the march to socialized medicine and get the American government back up and running.
Don't you still feel left in the dark on ObamaCare? #DefundObamaCare
4 days left. Will you be able to get the treatment you need? #DefundObamaCare
News of yet another #Obamacare delay. We need to defund it and start over.
The fight continues! #DefundObamaCare
 
 Follow Senator Roberts on twitter: https://twitter.com/senpatroberts
I just stood with Senator Ted Cruz on the Senate floor to #MakeDCListen about the dangers of Obamacare. I asked if stopping socialized medicine was worth the fight. Simply put: It is. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHNPP1K9XDg&feature=youtu.be
I see no reason to keep the charade going. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has said the House’s Continuing Resolution that defunds Obamacare and caps spending is dead on arrival in the Senate. I cannot vote to further legislation that does not hold true to the demands of millions of Americans who have said Obamacare is hurting their families, their businesses and our nation’s economic recovery.
6 days left. #DefundObamacare
I will oppose cloture on the motion to proceed to the continuing resolution. I cannot support Harry Reid’s efforts to sustain Obamacare and its effects on our economy.
The latest Roberts Report is up! Click below to read the updates on defunding Obamacare, the efforts to investigate Benghazi, the latest in the Syria situation, the newly proposed EPA regulations on coal and much more.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=162af9ce-d727-42e6-9e5c-dff73f80fa69&ContentType_id=1b187249-09ad-4b26-ba9f-dda2d37dbe23&Group_id=b39137bc-2cab-4d69-9c96-6e9d7945e935
I applaud Lynn Jenkins, Congressman Tim Huelskamp (KS-1), Congressman Kevin Yoder and Congressman Mike Pompeo for voting to restore integrity to the food stamp program (SNAP) and to save the taxpayer $40 billion. As a member of the conference committee, I will fight to keep these reforms and savings. http://cjonline.com/news/2013-09-19/huelskamp-lauds-work-eat-provisions-food-stamp-bill
Great meeting today with the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce.
It was a honor to join my colleagues Senator Ted Cruz and Senator John Cornyn to call for a joint select committee to investigate the terrorist attacks on the American consulate in Benghazi that resulted in the deaths of four Americans.  It is inexcusable we have seen a full year go by with not so much as a single arrest after this terrorist attack.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkW0UEFetug&feature=youtu.be
226 years ago, the Constitution of the United States was written to protect our freedom and liberties as Americans. The Constitution of the United States was the first constitution of its kind, and has influenced the constitutions of many other nations. I have taken an oath as your U.S. Senator and will continue to fight for the oldest governing document we hold true. #ConstitutionDay
 
 http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/constitution.html
Thank you to William Swenson for your courage and service. Former Army Capt. Swenson was attached to the Military Transition Team (MITT) from Fort Riley, Kansas as an Embedded Trainer and Mentor of the Afghan National Security Forces. He is to receive the Medal of Honor next month.
Flags are at half-staff on a beautiful, yet terribly sad, morning in our Nation's capital. We are all reflecting on the tragic events at the Navy Yard, and praying for the the families and friends of those who lost their lives or were injured in this horrific tragedy.
My friend and fellow KSU Wildcat, Overland Park Mayor Carl Gerlach, addresses the Rotary Club of Overland Park regarding several exciting developments in our state's second largest city. 
 
 I had the opportunity to meet with the Mayor and his colleagues recently. There are great things happening in OP. Thank you, Carl, for your service and leadership.
If you are visiting the Kansas State Fair this weekend don't forget to stop by my booth in the Meadowlark building and see the team from my Wichita office. They do great work on behalf of Kansas.
Beautifully moving image of the Field of Honor at the Fort Scott National Historic Site taken by my staff who attended the Symbols of Sacrifice ceremony today.  There is a flag honoring all those we have lost since the attacks on 9/11. #neverforget
I spoke with Greg Akagi at WIBW this morning about Syria and the latest with the farm bill.  Click the link below to listen.  http://kansasagnetwork.com/2013/09/kansas-ag-issues-podcast-09112013/
Reflecting on the anniversary of September 11, 2001. #NeverForget   http://go.usa.gov/DBVm
Watch the video below for my statement on the Syria situation I released after meeting with the President today.  I remain opposed to military intervention.  Further, there is nothing I trust about the Russia, the Assad regime, or the UN  The President's new plan simply provides a delayed mechanism to pursue his goal of a military strike when the regime does not comply. At that time, I believe Kansans, and all Americans, will feel the same as we do today-- opposed to military strikes in Syria.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUw79z7zpwY  To read the full statement click here... http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=01df8a63-5c90-4a78-ad2f-22da6046692e
During August I look forward to spending a lot of time at home getting the advice and counsel of Kansans. I recently put more than 2,500 miles on the truck traveling from Johnson County to Elkhart and many stops in between. Thanks to those who came to town hall meetings, showed me around their businesses or talked to me about their concerns. I'm taking your guidance back to Washington! 
 
 Check out some of the highlights from my latest newsletter: http://1.usa.gov/1dYAi7F
Franki and I are proud to be supporting the cancer prevention and screening booth at the @KansasStateFair again this year. Be sure to stop by if you are at the fair!
Always a treat to meet a fellow Marine while working my booth at the @KansasStateFair
Great to see my friends from the American Legion at the #KansasStateFair today. Folks are very concerned about the IRS scandal and jumping into Syria without a plan. I assured them I am voting no on the Syrian resolution.
Governor Brownback (@govsambrownback) Senator Moran (@senjerrymoran) and I getting ready for our live radio hour with WIBW 580am and the Kansas Ag Network. Tune in to check it out!
@KSFarmBureau breakfast is the first stop at the @KansasStateFair today. Dutifully wearing my wildcat purple this Saturday.
While the numbers say unemployment rate dips again to a 4 year low, that was only because 312,000 discouraged middle class Americans stopped looking for work. Again this proves the President’s policies, especially #ObamaCare, continue to make it harder for small businesses to hire new workers.
 
 Source: http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2013/09/06/august-employment-report/2772875/
Great to be at the Wichita Chamber Congressional Summit with my friends and colleagues Lynn Jenkins (@replynnjenkins) Kevin Yoder (@repkevinyoder) and Tim Huelskamp (@conghuelskamp)
We had an excellent informational meeting with the Overland Park Fire Department. This piece of steel was a column in the Twin Towers -- a constant reminder of the service and sacrifice of America's first responders -- our Firefighters and Police in every community in America.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved a resolution on the use of military force in the Syria. I remain opposed to these military strikes.  The President insists he has the authority to conduct a very limited military strike – a shot across the bow of the Assad regime – not war or even action to affect a regime change.  Obviously Syrian President Bashar Assad will think this action will mean war. With this delay, Assad is simply moving his WMD weaponry and assets and will doubtlessly continue his murderous attacks on his own people. What does the Obama Administration do then?  More important, do we have contingency plans for terrorist attacks against U.S. targets in the Mideast or even within the United States? Let us not forget the loss of more than 200 Marines in Beirut or the bombing of the U.S.S. Cole following similar attacks. History tells us murderous dictators have never been deterred by slaps on the wrist.  This proposed action is both dangerous and inept and, as defined by the President – instead of sending a strong message to Assad, North Korea, Iran and Russia – will be regarded as little more than a slap on the wrist.  In all probability, the administration will accomplish nothing except a feckless effort to respond to the President’s red line warning. Now, in delaying the attack, he simply wants the Congress to provide cover. How many times have we seen these attempts to involve our military in limited political wars of gradualism where victory is not clearly defined? Our nation should never engage without a clear objective, a plan of alternative action and a clear exit strategy. The Senate resolution does not clarify or meet these requirements.
I want to congratulate Fort Riley Middle School for being named the National Middle School of the Year by the Association of Middle School Principals. They are the only school on a military base to receive the honor. Well done Troopers!  http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/Fort-Riley-Middle-School-Named-Best-In-Nation--221879311.html
My thoughts on Syria: While I recognize the horror of citizens and their children being murdered by their own government, whether by poison gas or by bombs and bullets, it is clear we have no meaningful coalition of allies, nor detailed plan of action nor clear picture of our objective. I am especially troubled, based on today's briefing, that the president wants open-ended authority. That doesn't square with his highly publicized statement for limited action. That is yet another reason I cannot support the president's request. Under this lack of leadership, I am unwilling to place one single young American man or woman's life at risk. This Marine knows from experience a country never engages in an aggressive action without a clear objective, a plan of alternative actions and a clear exit strategy. It is clear to me we have none of these.
It was a great day to celebrate Kansas State University and K-State Football. The new West Front to the Snyder Family Stadium will enhance the game day experience for all K-State fans.
Very helpful to participate in a Kansas Society of CPAs Roundtable to hear their expert opinions of the unfairness and the pitfalls in the Internal Revenue Code. Very helpful suggestions and ideas.
Again troubling news for Obamacare. I have introduced legislation to end these exchanges if they are not ready. I also support efforts to defund the law.
Its always positive and challenging to interview with Ralph Hipp, the popular and experienced News Director at WIBW. Ralph, thanks for taking the time to discuss the issues with me today.
I'm really pleased to share a few ideas with the thriving Salina Rotary Club. So many good friends.
It was a fascinating experience to learn about the Abengoa Energy cellulosic ethanol facility under construction in Hugoton. Twelve hundred construction jobs have really made an impact on southwest Kansas.
I always look forward to the opportunity to visit with the historic Dodge City Farm Posse at the  High Plains Journal. These producers and land stewards are on the cutting edge of agriculture and are highly frustrated with needless regulations coming out of the Environmental Protection Agency. I am glad that Senator Garrett Love and Senator Larry Powell joined us for this important discussion.
The folks at the Gray Count Town Hall meeting in Cimarron were troubled by the same things that trouble their neighbors all over Kansas---too much government intrusion in their lives--under current Washington control we are becoming Regulation Nation!
Kansas Sen. Garrett Love and I had a very interesting visit with Jerry and Pat Heim. The Heim family own multiple Case-IH dealer outlets throughout NW Kansas. This family is symbolic of the understated integrity and hard work that is so typical of Kansans.
Thank you to my friend Jed Yost at Jed's Barber Shop in Montezuma for a quick trim. There's no place like a small town Kansas barbershop to get sound advice and counsel on the challenges facing America.
Impressive stop with the Kansas Farm Bureau at the Jim Sipes farm southwest of Manter. They convert their entire wheat crop into certified seed wheat. Talk about value added. The Sipes family has it figured out.
Eight Mile Corner is the exact spot where KS, CO and OK meet. Cimarron Grassland Park Rangers provided a very interesting briefing of this wonderful Kansas natural resource.
I was pleased to meet up with Ron Seeber of the Kansas Grain and Feed Association and Bob Tempel of Windriver Grain. 21st Century Agriculture at its finest.
What a pleasure and privilege to meet and share ideas with this outstanding group of young leaders of Dodge City, Ford County and Kansas. We had an instructive dialogue for two hours Weds. evening. They are all friends and supporters of KS Sen. Garrett Love and his wife Caley. Their scope and depth of areas of interest are truly impressive. Their ideas for our betterment and our future are far-reaching and worthy. Their input last night was very beneficial and positive. One leaves a meeting like this with a boundless optimism for our nation's future. Thanks, Garrett and Caley, for putting this meeting together. I look forward to a continuing dialogue with each one.
I was pleased to join the Garden City Area Chamber of Commerce today.
I had a great day yesterday with the Great Bend Chamber of Commerce. We toured local employers Fuller Brush, CPI-Qualified Plan Consultants and ended up at the Raptor Center at the Great Bend Zoo.
More bad news for Obamacare out of Atlanta. More and more Americans are losing the coverage they liked....
Great morning in Sterling with officials of JACAM Chemicals, a very successful company providing needed jobs to rural Kansas.
Thanks to the leadership at Via Christi in Wichita for giving me a tour of the hospital's new hybrid operating room. Here doctors and staff can operate and get images without having to move patients down to radiology or elsewhere.
I enjoyed spending my lunch hour with the Rotary Club of Wichita. Yet again I heard loud and clear the concerns Kansans have with Obamacare and overregulating many of the industries who drive our economy.
Today I was pleased to join Lynn Jenkins, Congressman Kevin Yoder, Congressman Tim Huelskamp (KS-1), and Congressman Mike Pompeo at the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association's Annual Meeting in Wichita. Thanks to Ed Cross for the opportunity to give the update from Washington.
As the top Marine in the U.S. Congress, I was pleased to meet Daran Wankum of Merriam. He is an inspiration to those battling cancer and is the embodiment of our motto: Semper fidelis.   http://www.kmbc.com/news/kansas-city/merriam-mans-marine-dream-survives-cancer-battle/-/11664182/20623220/-/l1nihfz/-/index.html
The Obama administration has delayed yet another ObamaCare provision until 2015. Instead of continual delays, we need a permanent delay for all. As I’ve said before and I’ll say it again, we need to dismantle, delay and defund Obamacare.
 
 http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/13/us/a-limit-on-consumer-costs-is-delayed-in-health-care-law.html?smid=tw-share&_r=2&
Congratulations to Fort Leavenworth's USD 207. Today they broke ground on a new school, the MacArthur Elementary School. An outstanding district---an example for all is the level of accomplishment of students in this military based school district.
We need to dismantle, delay and defund Obamacare.  Share/Like if you agree! #DefundObamaCare  http://roberts.senate.gov
Last night I spoke on the Senate Floor about the Obamacare exchange train wreck. Georgia officially requested an emergency delay this week because their state run exchange will not be up and running by the October 1, 2013 deadline. Given the uncertainty with the exchanges and mandates it is imperative that the Senate pass my legislation, the Exchange Sunset Act of 2013. This commonsense bill sunsets all Obamacare exchanges and mandates if they are not ready by October 1st as prescribed by law.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiLQg0QSHCc
Productive meeting with Re. Lynn Jenkins and General Robert Cone discussing the intellectual center of the Army, Fort Leavenworth
More troubling news for Obamacare exchanges: Georgia has asked for an emergency delay because rates for health insurance plans to be offered under their exchange are 198 percent higher than the current average. I have introduced legislation that will eliminate these exchanges should they not be ready, and this news further confirms they won't be. http://savannahnow.com/news/2013-07-31/georgia-requests-emergency-delay-health-exchange#.UfkLSo21Emt
Proud to spend time with American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation Boys Nation students today. Keep up the good work!
Reflecting on Bob Dole's 90th birthday party last night, and thinking about some of my best memories with Senator Dole, many of which are with WWII veterans at their memorial.  
 
 What are your best Bob Dole memories?  Share in the comments below.
Large turnout in Colby for the High Plains Drought Outlook & Assessment Forum. Great cooperation between local, state and federal entities to help provide resources and forecasts as the drought continues. A good, up-to-date reference on the drought is the Kansas Water Office's website at: http://www.kwo.org/reports_publications/Drought.htm
It was great to be joined by Lee Greenwood for a great performance of God Bless the USA at Senator Bob Dole's 90th today.
So proud to be the MC at the great Senator Bob Dole's birthday party in the Capitol today. Happy birthday Bob. 
It was an honor to be at Fort Riley yesterday for the memorial services for General Dick Seitz.  General Seitz was an American icon, a real life John Wayne.  His sacrifices and leadership for our country will not soon be forgotten.  Thank you for your service General Seitz. Rest in peace my friend.   http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/War-Hero--Fixture-In-Community-Laid-To-Rest-At-Fort-Riley-216519111.html
Happy 90th Birthday Senator Dole! Here is my take on the great man and what it is like to see him at the World War II Memorial, a monument that would not be there if it weren't for him.
Just joined Jerry Moran for a radio conference to talk about NBAF funding in the Senate Approps bill passed in committee today.
Great news hit the wire this week as Day & Zimmermann announced the completion of land transfer from U.S. Army to save operations at the former Kansas Ammunition Plant. http://goo.gl/A5bY4  If your unfamiliar with the story check out the video below!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
Harry Reid stated last Sunday on Meet the Press “ObamaCare has been wonderful for America.” Even labor unions are now worried the law will “shatter” their health benefits.  Like and Share if you agree ObamaCare is NOT wonderful for America. 
 
 http://roberts.senate.gov
Another step forward for NBAF in Manhattan, Kansas. Jerry Moran, Governor Sam Brownback and I worked hard to ensure $404 million for NBAF construction was included in an appropriations bill just approved out of an Appropriations Subcommittee today. Next steps: full committee approval later this week.
Having a video conference via Skype with Larry Steckline and the folks at the Wellington Wheat Festival
Jerry Moran and I just sent a letter to USDA Secretary Vilsack calling for haying and grazing of CRP lands for producers hard hit by severe and continued drought. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=9054cfd4-30e4-4602-bae0-b530e93cda61
Enjoyed talking with students from Bennington, Tescott and Little River High Schools in the Hart Atrium today.
Congratulations to Kansas Division of Emergency Management, MG Lee Tafanelli, the highly regarded Deputy Director, Angee Morgan and all their able colleagues for receiving a high honor.  KDEM has successfully completed a year-long effort to be fully accredited by the Emergency Management Accreditation Program. This is a standard of excellence very few achieve on the first try.  http://cjonline.com/news/2013-07-08/brownback-touts-emergency-prep-achievement
I want to wish you and your family a happy Independence Day. Thank you to those who wear the uniform and are working everyday to protect our freedoms.
During a holiday week, the Obama Administration was forced to confirm, on a blog no less, what we have been saying all along - Obamacare is not ready and is not what was promised to Americans.  This latest delay of the business mandate, based on election year politics, is bound to ensure Americans will face yet more problems and higher costs across the health care spectrum. My full statement is below.
BREAKING: Treasury announcing Obamacare employer mandate delayed one year, until 2015.  Individual mandate (Tax) still set for January 2014.  As this ill-conceived  law continues to unravel, we should repeal and replace it with market based reforms that protect the doctor patient relationship.  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-07-02/health-law-employer-mandate-said-to-be-delayed-to-2015.html  http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324436104578582082787214660.html?mod=WSJ_hps_LEFTTopStories
In my address to the nation this weekend I warned about Obamacare forcing private insurers to drop coverage plans.  In California, Aetna has already dropped individual market plans forcing 50,000 people to find new coverage, likely on the exchange.  I asked the country, how many more insurers will follow suit?    Looks like we’re starting to get our answer.  UnitedHealth has notified state regulators in California that they too will leave the state's individual market at year-end and force about 8,000 customers to find new coverage.  Those 8,000 people may have liked their coverage, but under Obamacare they can’t keep it.   http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-unitedhealth-insure-calif-20130702,0,4370321.story
Simply put, will you and your family have the health insurance you need to ensure your well-being? Right now, you can’t answer these questions and neither can the Obama Administration. Like and share if you agree.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public//index.cfm?p=scotusobamacare
More on my Republican Address this weekend and the health care cost hikes millions of Americans will face as a result of Obamacare.
This morning I delivered the Weekly Republican Address on the one year anniversary of the Supreme Court ruling affirming what we said all along, that Obamacare was a new tax. The American people don't trust the IRS, not with their taxes, and not with their health care. It is a train wreck folks, and we have to get America out of the way. http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b53c9dbe-15b0-423d-b733-2e59044c4d99
This Saturday I will be delivering the National Weekly Republican Address. It will be aired nationwide and can also be viewed from my website tomorrow, http://roberts.senate.gov.
I just voted no on the immigration bill before the Senate today. We've been down this road before. The 1986 comprehensive bill failed to achieve what was promised. The 2007 bill could not pass because of unrealistic promises and this legislation will fail as well, which is why I could not support it.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b21e0a05-189e-49bc-aadf-5bb3f1de61ee
Got the chance to meet with some 4-H students from Riley County today as a part of their Citizenship Washington Focus Trip.
In case you missed it: the Kansas City Star supports my efforts to protect patients and improve compounding pharmacy oversight after the recent meningitis outbreak and the Robert Courtney case in Kansas City.
We are less than 100 days until the Obamacare exchanges are set to open, and the administration is far from ready. The American people have no idea what is coming, and it doesn't look good.  "Train wreck" seems to be an understatement.   http://trib.in/12d1tEV
I recently had the chance to sit down with Ann Charles, of Parsons, to reminisce about the day we learned the Base Realignment and Closure Commission (commonly known as BRAC) announced that the Kansas Army Ammunition Plant would be closed. That news kicked off an 8 year effort to create the Great Plains Industrial Park, which is essential to both the Parsons and Kansas economies. But it sure didn’t come easily. 
 
 It’s been an honor to be a partner in this successful effort. And it’s proof that you never give up trying to make a difference. Together, we did it. Here’s the story.
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biyzm853g00
A big thank you to our summer interns for all their hard work! Remember my office is accepting applications for Fall internships until July 15th! Apply at www.roberts.senate.gov
A big congratulations to the Congressional Award Gold Medal Winners from Kansas! So glad to be joined by @senjerrymoran and @repkevinyoder at your ceremony.
Great to be joined by Senator Jerry Moran as we met with the great kids from the Douglas County 4H group today.
Thanks for the help folks, the Garnett couple has been found alive and well.
The exchanges in Obamacare aren't going to be up and ready as promised. The American people can't plan for the future, if they don't know when this "train wreck" is going to come into force.  That is why I introduced S.1154 to sunset these exchanges if the Administration misses the self imposed implementation deadline.  We need to start over with true, market based reforms that will lower costs, increase coverage, and make us a safer, healthier, more fiscally sound nation.  http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324520904578553871314315986.html?mod=WSJ_hps_LEFTTopStories
Please keep an eye out for this missing couple. Spread the word and share. From the Star: Vernon Hunt, 91, and Goldie Hunt, 81, are presumed to have taken Interstate 70 from Kansas City to St. Louis and Interstate 55 to Dwight. Their vehicle is a black 2005 Chrysler 300 with Kansas plates 473FNM.   http://www.kansascity.com/2013/06/18/4300796/elderly-couple-from-garnett-kan.html
I've had the immense pleasure of meeting with Cassie a few times over the last month, and, as today's Star outlines, she is a brilliant hard working girl, who is making Kansas proud.  Keep up the good work Cassie!
 
 http://www.kansascity.com/2013/06/18/4300783/service-with-a-smile-the-cassie.html
Congratulations Martin and Vickie Hawver on surviving 20 years of covering Kansas government and politics. You have kept us all informed and I look forward to many more Hawver Reports to come!
Happy Father's Day to all. I hope you can spend some quality time with family today.
While it won’t be a bin buster due to the ongoing drought and late freezes, wheat harvest in Kansas has begun. As your travels take you around the state over the next month be sure to watch for slow moving vehicles and farm equipment.  
Old Glory flying high over the Capitol Building on a beautiful Flag Day here in Washington.
I want to wish a very happy 238th Birthday to the United States Army.  Kansas is proud to have a strong army presence with the Big Red One at Fort Riley and the intellectual center of the army at Fort Leavenworth.  Happy Birthday and Go Army.
Great to meet with the kids from FFA today. Good to see agriculture's future leaders getting involved in their Government.
I was so pleased to work with the Dream Factory today to make my friend Daran Wankum's lifelong dream of being a marine come true.  Daran is fighting a courageous battle against brain cancer. We got a chance to swap stories, and talk about his visit with the Commandant of the Marine Corps. Keep up the fight Daran! Semper Fi
Here is more on a bill I introduced today to get rid of the Obamacare exchanges (or "train wreck" according to a key Democrat author of the law) should they not be ready this fall (as promised by the Administration) to serve those in need. My bill will allow us to get to work on a better solution for rising health care costs and the uninsured.
 http://thehill.com/blogs/healthwatch/health-reform-implementation/305343-gop-bill-would-repeal-obamacares-exchanges-if-they-miss-a-deadline
As the senior Marine in the US Congress, I can tell you there is nothing is more desirable than peace across the world. So when Fort Leavenworth's Command and General Staff College graduates 68 international officers from armies all over the world----it is a momentous achievement. These officers represent nearly every culture, every religion in the world and the bonds they have formed with our country, and with each other, during their one year study in Kansas will make unforeseen contributions to the well being of the U.S. and the world. Well done, CGSC. These leaders in their individual countries are better able to cooperate in a complex global environment.
I was honored to receive an award for leadership from the Association of Defense Communities and my good friend Ann Charles of the Great Plains Development Authority in Parsons for our work together on the redevelopment of the Kansas Army Ammunition Plant. Thanks to Ann for all of her hard work over the years.
So glad I got a moment during today's HELP Committee hearing on the Elementary and Secondary Education Act Reauthorization to step out and meet the Steele family who were here for a tour of the Capitol.
Rules Committee hearing on GPO nomination today.
Saturday, America lost a true hero, and I lost a personal hero and good friend. During WW II, young airborne officer, Dick Seitz, led an airborne group by parachuting behind the German lines, destroying their targets and fighting their way back to the Allied forces. He and his paratroopers did this not once, not twice but three times. Dick Seitz never mentioned it---we had to research war records to find that out. He fought for his country in three wars. But a gentler, kinder, more helpful man never lived.  Rest easy, good friend.  There must be a special place for one who gave so much.  Many of us will miss you.  http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/Well-Known-WWII-Veteran-Passes-Away-In-Junction-City-210750361.html
Must read article of the day.
Thanks to the folks that joined me tonight for a tele-town hall meeting with Johnson, Wyandotte and Miami Counties. We had a good discussion on the IRS, Benghazi, Obamacare, care for our Veterans and the economy. Thank you for giving up an hour of your evening to share your concerns with me.
Students and parents have faced too much uncertainty and confusion regarding student loan rates because Congress constantly changes the rules of the game. All a parent and a student really want to know is ‘how much will it cost to graduate?’ By tying all student loans to a fixed market rate, families know what to expect and can plan their budgets accordingly so that kids can focus on what’s important -- completing their studies and launching a career.
I support a permanent solution to student loan rates.
On this D-Day, take the time to appreciate the Greatest Generation who sacrificed so much for our freedom today. The U.S. Army has an audio recording of Kansas' own General Eisenhower's message to the troops just prior to the invasion at Normandy.
Great to meet with General Paul Funk, Fort Riley and the Big Red One's new Commanding General.
Great news from the OIE that confirms what we have known all along, US beef is produced to the highest standard. We must continue work to increase access to world markets for U.S. beef products.
Some of Obamacare's biggest supporters are now its biggest critics. See this AP story about why labor unions and others dislike the law: http://news.yahoo.com/unions-now-angry-health-care-overhaul-074904729.html
Great to be at the @KCChambers spotlight event in Kansas City today.
Great to talk with the folks from the @opchamber today. Wonderful things are happening in Overland Park!
Such a treat to meet my friend Rachel today to talk about the ABLE Act. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important legislation and immensely proud of Rachel and her mom's work with the National Down Syndrome Society
Had the opportunity to chat about the Farm Bill and NBAF with KSN's John Jenkinson this afternoon. Tune in at 12:30pm tomorrow to check out our conversation.
After last night's tornado in Marysville I am glad all are safe. There was considerable damage to property, so remember to take warnings seriously as more severe weather is predicted.
Breaking ground at NBAF with Governor Brownback, @jerrymoran, @replynnjenkins and @conghuelskamp
We are getting much needed rain in Topeka this Memorial Day. I see from other Facebook posts around the state Kansans are out honoring the fallen. To our men and women in uniform and their families: thank you for your service and sacrifice for our freedom. From this Marine, Semper Fidelis.
Tomorrow I will observe Memorial Day at Penwell Gabel Cemetery in Topeka. We will have a Remembrance Service to honor men and women in uniform and their families for their service and sacrifice. The wreath laying ceremony begins at 11:00 am.
Congrats to McConnell AFB, the biggest & best tanker base in the world, for securing the new tanker mission!    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYk8v9WbkSY&feature=youtu.be
Today the Senate HELP Committee approved our bill to protect patients and improve compounding pharmacy regulation. The bill now goes to the senate floor for debate and a vote.
We can all see what happened, the problem is no one is taking responsibility. Like and share if you agree.
Here are my remarks about my amendment to the 2013 Farm Bill which will save taxpayers nearly $31 billion and restore integrity to the SNAP or food stamp program. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ygKwlffsVQ
Kansans what to know who is responsible for the abuses at the IRS. According to the guy in charge at the time, it wasn't him! Read more about our exchange at the Senate Finance hearing here:
My opening remarks at this morning's Finance Committee hearing on the IRS scandal are below.  Second round of questions coming up... What would you ask the former heads of the IRS?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNeDl4CMA2U
Tomorrow be sure to tune in at 9:00 am Central, when the Senate Finance Committee will examine IRS targeting of conservative groups and efforts to hide it from congress. As a senior member of this Committee, I hope we can use this hearing to provide answers to the American people. What would you ask the IRS witnesses?
My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims in Moore, Oklahoma. I also pray for the first responders still hard at work rescuing those still trapped in the destruction. May God bless them.
I spoke about the IRS scandal with Neil Cavuto of the Fox Business Network last night. Check out the video below.   http://youtu.be/dhzk7jF4fo0
The Farm Bill is on the Senate floor next week. I gave a preview of the debate to Kelly Lenz of Ag on 580 WIBW and the Kansas Agriculture Network. Catch the full interview here.  http://kansasagnetwork.com/2013/05/kansas-ag-issues-podcast-05172013/
Tonight we learn that the IRS commissioner in charge of the division that targeted conservative groups from 2009-2012 is now the director of the IRS' Affordable Care Office. IRS has hired 16,000 new agents to enforce the mandates in Obamacare. We will dig into this development and more at our Finance Committee hearing next week.
On with Neil Cavuto aka @teamcavuto to talk IRS scandal. Flip over to Fox Business Network to check it out!
I will be on the Fox Business Network this evening at 7:00pm CT. To talk about the IRS Scandal with Neil Cavuto.  Be sure to tune in!  http://www.foxbusiness.com/on-air/cavuto/index.html
Great to see the ladies from the Eisenhower Excellence in Public Service Series.
The resignation of the of Acting IRS Chief is not enough. Have laws been broken? The nation demands answers.
Talking about why I voted against the 2013 Farm Bill at mark-up with reps from the National Association of Farm Broadcasters #RearviewMirrorBill
I joined all of my Republican colleagues in sending this letter to the President demanding the Administration fully comply with congressional investigation requests for information on how the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) targeted conservative groups.
Always glad to speak with Kelly Lenz and Greg Akagi on Ag on 580 WIBW and the Kansas Agriculture Network. My take on yesterday's 2013 Farm Bill mark-up:
More on the 2013 Farm Bill and problems with the backward looking target price proposals favoring peanut and rice producers.
NA
Let me be clear - I still want to pass a Farm Bill and provide long-term certainty to farmers, ranchers, and their families in Kansas and across the country. However, as it stands at this point today, this is not a reform bill. This is a rearview mirror bill. Read my full remarks about the 2013 Senate Farm Bill here:
The AG Committee will meet at 9:00am CT today to mark up the 2013 Farm Bill. To watch the Committee Markup live visit the Ag Committee's website here: http://www.ag.senate.gov/
The IRS scandal is NOT a joke...Like and share if you agree  http://roberts.senate.gov
If businesses don't donate money to implement Obamacare, what is next? IRS review? http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/13/us/politics/health-secretary-raises-funds-for-health-care-law.html
“This misconduct was most certainly agenda driven politics and bias gone unchecked, despite the IRS’s best attempts to claim otherwise. A mere apology will not be sufficient to ensure Kansans, and all Americans, will not be singled out and harassed by an agency of the federal government for their political beliefs. I call on Chairman Baucus and Ranking Member Hatch to hold a hearing of the Senate Finance Committee to give the American people a full accounting of efforts by the IRS to address this problem immediately and to determine if there are other problems at the agency. If something this unlawful was occurring, what else is going on?”
Gilda Lintz, who is my District Director for the Second District, is pictured receiving a plaque from Gen. Lee Tafanelli, Adjutant General of the Kansas National Guard in my behalf. Congratulations to the KANG for overhauling the 1,000th engine at their Fort Riley location. They have been innovative, efficient and have saved the taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars, while providing our warfighters with machines that perform above specifications. They are one of only two locations in the United States tasked with this important assignment. And they are the best. Job well done, Kansas Guardians.
Touching story and photo from Ft. Riley. The 1st Infantry had this to say about it: Command Sgt. Maj. Ian Field returned to Fort Riley on May 8 when Lt. Col. Peter Shull relinquished command of the 1st Battalion 28th Infantry Regiment "Black Lions" to Lt. Col. James Lunder.   The 9-year-old visited the battalion two years ago through Make-A-Wish America, spending several days with the “Black Lions.” He rejoined his unit for the change of command ceremony this week, saluting the troops as they marched by the reviewing stand during the pass in review.   Read more about Command Sgt. Maj. Field's first trip to Fort Riley: http://www.army.mil/article/55118/big-red-one-gives-soldier-20-year-career-in-2-days/
It was great to visit with a fellow Marine, Dylan Hunter about the Benghazi attacks and why we must learn more to ensure those who serve our nation in harm's way have faith that our government will be behind them. You can listen to the interview here: http://www.westernkansasnews.com/2013/05/senator-pat-roberts-calls-for-continued-investigations-into-benghazi/
ICYMI: Last night I gave Gerri Willis of Fox Business News an update on our bill to protect patients and improve oversight of compounded pharmaceuticals. Our bill should be ready for floor debate by the end of the month. Following the deaths of 55 people in the meningitis outbreak, we need to get this right.
I applaud the 3 public servants who came forward with their firsthand accounts of attacks in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. Their firsthand experience, their frustration with the Administration’s bungled response and subsequent cover-up of the circumstances surrounding the murder of four Americans is the closest to the truth we have seen to date. I deeply regret the precedent this sets for those who serve our nation in harm’s way. The continued dissembling and evasions by this Administration on the Benghazi attacks are undermining our national security by shaking the faith Americans have that the full force of the American government is behind them should they find themselves in trouble protecting our nation. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcqbbSG2Sl0&feature=youtu.be
Talking water management policy with the Army Corps of Engineers today.
Great Breakfast of Champions hosted by the Science Coalition today. I stand strong by my support for Science, Technology, Energy and Math education funding, and am very proud to have been named a Champion of Science.
First it was Obamacare author Senator Max Baucus (D-MT) who called the new health care law a "train wreck." Now we have Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV): "Max said unless we implement this properly it’s going to be a train wreck, and I agree with him."  We should repeal the law and try again.
Mark Morris of the The Kansas City Star does a good job previewing our bill to protect patients and improve oversight of compounding pharmacies. We will have a hearing on the bill later this week. You can read more about it here: http://www.kansascity.com/2013/05/05/4220388/legislation-seeks-more-oversight.html
On this day 6 years ago, I was working with state officials to help those devastated by the tornado that struck Greensburg the night before. 11 people lost their lives, and so many others lost their homes and businesses. I am still proud of how our communities rallied together to help. I am very proud to see the new Greensburg today.
I want to congratulate my friend Terry on his new position. As we begin debating the next Farm Bill, I look forward to his continued advice and counsel. 
Congratulations to Dr. Marilyn Rymer, Medical Director at the St. Lukes Neuroscience Institute, for earning the third annual Rose Award for Philanthropy and Community Leadership presented by the American Stroke Foundation. The first two honorees, who were present at this ceremony, Shirley Rose and former Congressman Dennis Moore also deserve recognition for their support of the American Stroke Foundation. I have visited Mrs. Rose and toured the Mission facility viewing first-hand the excellent work the Foundation does in offering rehabilitative services and hope to stroke victims.
What a thrill to see so many tried and true long-time friends at the Centennial luncheon of KSU's Pi Kappa Alpha's Alpha Omega chapter. Since my father, Wes, delivered the 50th anniversary Lecture; and I delivered the 75th, to have the opportunity to repeat for the big 100th was especially meaningful to me. My thanks to all the PKA brothers and their families for giving me this opportunity.
Another shot from today's Spring Game. Can't wait to cheer on these Wildcats next year.
Great to be back at my alma mater K-State for the Spring Game today.  Team looks great! #EMAW
As a lifelong fan, I am so sorry to hear of the passing of George Jones today.  My favorite songs have always been He Stopped Loving Her Today, The Closing of the Door, and Yabba Dabba Doo the King Is Gone.  What were your favorite George Jones tunes?
Read more about our draft bill to clarify oversight of the compounding pharmacy industry. The link is to our joint press release which includes a one pager on the draft.
Good news for flyers, Last night the Senate passed a bill to end the flight delays caused by the Obama Administration's decision to furlough air traffic controllers instead of non-essential staff. http://cjonline.com/news/2013-04-26/congress-passes-bill-end-faa-furloughs
I was pleased to help roll out a draft of a bill to protect patients from problems with the regulation of compounding pharmacists following the meningitis outbreak and the Robert Courtney case in the Kansas City area. It represents a thorough and bipartisan effort to clear up any question about who is accountable for ensuring compounded drugs are safe for the patients who receive them.
I had a great meeting with Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, Wayne Clough, today. They are doing some exciting things at the Smithsonian's 19 museums, 9 research centers and more than 140 affiliate museums around the world, if you are in the area this spring or summer be sure to check one out!
Celebrating the Dole plaque Dedication at the WWII Memorial with my friends, colleagues and American heroes Bob Dole and the late great Daniel Inouye #tbt
If you are sitting there stuck on the runway, understand that the FAA and the Administration had plenty of time to work on solutions to ensure budget cuts did not inconvenience the traveling public.  Make no mistake, the Administration insisted that air traffic controllers be furloughed in order to make you, the taxpayer, inconvenienced.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdGtKBfRdMo
Congratulations Mayor Clausie Smith for your decade of service to the great city of Bonner Springs, Kansas!
We were proud to welcome LTC Trish Tilson for the Army Force Structure and Stationing Listening Session at Ft. Riley. We had a full house and conveyed ideas and concerns to LTC Tilson for her to take back to the Secretary of the Army and Chief of Staff.
Introducing my daughter Ashleigh to President Reagan. #tbt
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of and first responders to the terrible explosion in West, Texas last night.    http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/04/18/waco-texas-plant-explosion/2092769/
Speaking with KCTV 5 @CBSNews in Kansas City about the suspicious packages investigated in the Capitol Complex today.
The U.S. Capitol Police have removed the suspicious package from the Hart Senate Office Building and the envelopes from the third floors of the Hart and Russell Senate Office Buildings, and the buildings are now back open and running.   I want to thank the Capitol Police for their diligent work and for all they do to keep our staff and visitors safe.
NA
Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston and the victims of this terrible explosion.
Praise for my bill (and the House companion bill) to improve the Food Stamp program.  http://amarillo.com/opinion/editorial/2013-04-12/editorial-winning-uncle-sam
ICYMI: Momentum builds on efforts to improve the food stamp program. I am glad to team up with Congressman Randy Neugebauer who has introduced a companion bill to mine in the House.
For a #FF follow my Instagram account we just launched this week!  You can find me @SenPatRoberts 
 
 http://instagram.com/senpatroberts
Father Emil Kapaun has been officially inducted into the Pentagon's Hall of Heroes. An honor more than well deserved. #MOHKapaun
Ray Kapaun gave a very moving speech today at the induction of his Uncle, Medal of Honor recipient Father Emil Kapaun, to the Hall of Heroes.
My friend Bob Dole wasn't able to make it today, but he wanted me to pass along his best to his fellow vets. Spending time with these guys reminds you why they are the greatest generation. #semperfi
The rain couldn't keep Coffey County's WWII heroes away from their memorial. #HonorFlight
Roy Wenzl of the Wichita Eagle gives you a behind the scenes glimpse of the veterans who served with Father Kapaun and what these moments mean to them. Read more of their stories here: http://www.kansas.com/2013/04/12/2758581/medal-of-honor-ceremony-moves.html
NA
I strongly encourage you to watch the Medal of Honor Ceremony for Father Kapaun.  It was a powerfully moving ceremony and I was honored to be in attendance.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYqr05fbMzU
NA
On a perfect spring day in our nation’s capital, it was an honor and a privilege to gather with the fellow soldiers and family of Father Emil Kapaun to recognize his sacrifice and service to our nation, to his faith, and to those that served with him and were witness to his acts of grace, civility and courage under the most difficult of circumstances. I am thankful for the veterans that fought for this recognition after all of these years. Father Kapaun’s bravery and inspiration lives on in the hearts and minds of Kansans, and now will forever have a place of honor in the history of our nation. May God bless Father Kapaun.
Just arrived at the White House for the Medal of Honor Ceremony for Father Kapaun.  You can watch the Medal of Honor Ceremony live on the official White House website starting at 1:10 p.m. CT by visiting: www.whitehouse.gov/live
Congratulations to Thomas Albers from Hays High School, the Kansas Assistant Principal of the Year! It was great meeting with Thomas and his wife Tina today.
Over the next two days, as ceremonies begin to award the Medal of Honor, our nation's highest military award for bravery, to Kansan Father Emil Kapaun, I will share the many accounts of his life and service during the Korean War. The first is from the Washington Post.
I'll be joining several of my Senate Republican colleagues for a dinner with President Obama at the White House this evening.  What would you like us to discuss tonight? 
 
 http://cjonline.com/news/2013-04-10/roberts-dine-obama-white-house
NA
Had a great time this afternoon with the 4-H Conference Attendees. These young Kansans are simply remarkable.
Two great articles on today's development with the NBAF in Manhattan. After almost a decade of work by a whole bunch of folks, $714 million in the President's budget is certainly good news. We're not there yet, but it's a milestone.
 
 http://cjonline.com/news/state/2013-04-10/obama-budget-offers-714m-nbaf
 
 http://online.wsj.com/article/AP701159c23f5c4f9cb513a71c390b2385.html
The Kansas travel industry supports 150,000 jobs. Just had a great meeting with the folks from the KS Travel Association discussing how to increase that number!
Today I introduced a bill to strengthen the federal crop insurance program, improving the critical safety-net for farmers while also saving the taxpayer $5.2 billion over 10 years.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=a1ae74ad-48cc-4ab3-86d7-ee8b1f7e0a88  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCz_ASaR3SE&feature=youtu.be
Today, I've been reflecting on the life of Baroness Margaret Thatcher.  I had the honor of meeting Baroness Thatcher during her time as prime minister and was struck by her strength, intelligence and grace.  I also had the immense pleasure of attending her address to a Joint Session of Congress, and it stays with me today as one of the greatest speeches I have ever heard.    The world lost a great leader today. My thoughts and prayers are with Baroness Thatcher's family and all the British people.  http://www.c-spanvideo.org/program/171406-3
Incredible season. Hold your heads high Shockers, you made Kansas proud.
Given pending legal challenges and questions about the safety and efficiency of air traffic control tower closures, many of them in Kansas, the FAA announced it will delay the planned closures. This analysis should have been done prior to implementing these scare tactics. I urge the FAA to make safety its highest priority and find the savings elsewhere.
Congratulations to BNSF, the Allen Group, KDOT, Johnson County and the city of Edgerton for great progress on Logistics Park Kansas City. I look forward to this innovative intermodal facility opening in October, and the $1 billion of investment and thousands of jobs it will generate in the Kansas economy.
Huge congratulations to Emporia State students Ryan Wash and Elijah Smith for winning the National Debate Tournament and the Cross Examination Debate Association national tournament. Emporia State University is the first program to have a team capture both titles in the same season. Well done!
Grateful for AFP's support.  This is a commonsense step to reigning in wasteful government spending. 
Wishing everyone and thier families a very Happy Easter!
Congratulations to Wichita State! On the way to the Final Four. Keep it up and I think we'll be singing One Shining Moment in Kansas!
First half looking good so far! Let's go Shockers!
Tough loss. Jayhawks will be back. They made Kansas proud this season.
Let's go Jayhawks! Need a big win tonight, let's get two Kansas teams to the Elite 8 #marchmadness #Sweet16
Big time win for Wichita State Men's Basketball in Los Angeles! Elite 8 is up next. Let's keep it up!   http://www.kansas.com/sports/shockers/
Good luck to the Shockers!  Let's cheer these boys onto an Elite Eight appearance!
This frontpage article from the Wall Street Journal is an excellent analysis of the problem with states gaming the Food Stamp Program and creating a patchwork of eligibility criteria. My bill addresses this problem and preserves nutrition assistance for those that need it most.  http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323699704578328601204933288.html?mod=WSJ_hps_LEFTTopStories
Great Jayhawk win! Congratulations Kansas for another sweet sixteen appearance!
Great win for Wichita State last night. Shockers are Sweet Sixteen bound! Another big Kansas game tonight, I hope everyone is pulling for our teams!  http://www.kansas.com/2013/03/23/2729997/wichita-state-upsets-no-1-gonzaga.html
I was proud to co-sponsor this amendment. The Keystone Pipeline is an essential job creating and North American energy project and should be approved immediately.  When jobs and the economy are struggling we have an obligation to do everything we can to stimulate growth, the Keystone pipeline is a commonsense, bipartisan, and simple move in this direction.  http://www.politico.com/story/2013/03/keystone-wins-big-in-senate-89242.html
Happy 3rd Birthday ObamaCare.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Obamacare
Catching glimpses of the K-State game in the cloak room between votes on budget amendments.  What a come back! I hope everyone is pulling for our Kansas teams. EMAW
Today I made the following statement on the health care amendments I introduced to the Budget currently on the Senate floor and tomorrow's third anniversary of Obamacare.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=VhZ6ai0N-pQ
The savings I am proposing will occur over 10 years and will not affect food benefits to those the program was truly intended to serve.  We need to ensure that precious taxpayer dollars are getting to those in the greatest need.  http://www.kansascity.com/2013/03/21/4135299/kansas-sen-pat-roberts-we-must.html
Last night on the floor my friend, Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions and I got into a lively discussion about the use of the word 'Balance' as we debate the Democrats budget proposal.  The Senate Democrats first budget in four years fails to be balanced in any sense of the word.   http://youtu.be/m8BLSZW8yYY
Good luck to Wichita State Men's Basketball and the whole Wichita State University community!  First Kansas team to tip off in the 2013 tournament!
It was a pleasure to meet with my friend Kansas City, Kansas Mayor Joe Reardon yesterday. Exciting things going on in KCK!
Ending National Ag Day talking with the folks from the Kansas Farm Bureau, particularly nice talking with Lyle and Brooke Russell from Hays.
I fought back against the President's 'Fat Cat' attack against general aviation in today's Finance Committee hearing. American general aviation isn't about Beyonce, Tiger Woods or Wall Street Bankers.  It's about manufacturing and small business.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eTyesjBlJM&feature=youtu.be
My thoughts and prayers are with the the friends and family of those killed and injured last night.  Semper Fi
 
 http://www.iimef.marines.mil/News/PressReleasesView/tabid/16646/Article/139804/seven-marines-killed-and-several-injured-in-nevada-incident.aspx
National Ag Day is off to a great start. I enjoyed meeting with the Agriculture Future of America (AFA) this morning. Joining me are Kansas Ag students: John Sachse and Garrett Kays of Kansas State University and A.J. Carlson Salina Area Technical College.
More on the Air Force's decision to proceed with the Light Air Support contract despite a protest and a stop work order.
Did you know if you stacked all the ObamaCare regulations together, it would stand 7 feet 3 inches tall! That’s taller than the average male, and LeBron James. If you “dislike” ObamaCare, like and share this post!
Thrilled that the state of Kansas has taken its rightful spot on top of the Big 12! I'll be pulling for my Wildcats tonight, but expect a great game. Who will you be cheering for this evening?
Thrilled the state of Kansas has taken its rightful spot at the top of the Big 12. I'll be pulling for the Wildcats tonight, but expect a great game. Who will you be cheering for this evening?
The Air Force is announcing today it plans to circumvent a Stop Work Order on the Light Air Support contract with Embraer. I sent a letter to DOD with  Jerry Moran and Congressman Mike Pompeo to reinstate that Order until the Beechcraft protest is reviewed. According to USAF documents, Beechcraft’s bid was 30% lower and preserves 1,400 US jobs at 181 companies in 39 states.
I joined Chuck Grassley in offering this Amendment looking for answers about the decision to the release 2,000 illegal immigrant detainees PRIOR to the sequester.
Obamacare starts collecting $23 billion in "fees" from employers over the next three years. Yet another tax on our struggling economy.
I joined Senator John Hoeven in introducing this bipartisan bill to finally approve the long delayed Keystone Pipeline to create jobs and improve our nation's energy security.
Just wrapped up a meeting with my friends from the City of Dodge City. Great to have Western Kansas in town today.
Had a great meeting with the folks from Hays today.  Really appreciate them coming out!
The Democrat budget raises $1.5 trillion in new taxes while our economy continues to struggle. This is not a serious proposal and the American people deserve better.
The Washington Post calls it "bureaucratic hostage-taking." What do you think about the decision to stop tours of the people's White House? http://wapo.st/13WY4ft
Today I voted in favor Sen. Ted Cruz's amendment to defund Obamacare, an overreaching, vague, and irresponsible law. http://goo.gl/5xq1i
Senator Jerry Moran and I had a great meeting today with the folks from the Southwest Kansas Coalition.  Always good to talk with folks from Garden City, Liberal, and Dodge City.
Today I joined Jerry Moran in standing up for U.S. Sovereignty and 2nd Amendment rights by again oppossing the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty.
Seven feet, three inches of Obamacare regulations. Sounds like a bad Country Western song.
Great news for Parsons today. We are one step closer to closing the book on a long effort to transfer the Army Ammunition Plant site to the community and industry.  It has been an eight year bipartisan effort working hand in hand with then Senator and now Governor Sam Brownback, Senator Jerry Moran, Reps. Jim Ryun, Nancy Boyda and later Lynn Jenkins. This is great news for Parsons as it begins to redevelop the remaining section of the Army Ammunition Plant and focus on creating even more jobs in Southeast Kansas.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=5abdd0ad-fc91-4704-905a-da03cae3711e
Congratulations to my friend June Windscheffel for being designated the American Business Women's Association Career Chapter's 2013 Woman of Distinction for contributions to her community and the state. June is a real gaurdian of Kansas culture and history and is a woman of distinction every year in my book. Congrats June!
Food stamp program is out of control and needs reform, namely my commonsense reform bill S. 458.  We can and should restore integrity to SNAP for those who rely on it while being more responsible to the taxpayer – and we can achieve billions in real savings without ever affecting food on the table.  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/46609072-people-food-stamps-2012_706745.html
Today we launched a new webpage to help inform you and allow you to weigh in on bad regulations that are coming down the pike. We will post summaries of new regulations, as well as links to the full text, and direct you to the correct page of Regulations.Gov to submit your comments directly to the appropriate department.  Make your voice heard!   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public//index.cfm?p=regulation-review
More on my bill to restore integrity to the SNAP/food stamp program.
Watch the video below to see my interview today with CNN's Wolf Blitzer about the White House cancelling public tours, the politics of perception, tax reform, the DC snow storm, and Senator Rand Paul's live filibuster on the Senate floor, which I fully support.  I #standwithRand  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5KgnfK8qBY&feature=youtu.be
I'll be joining Wolf Blitzer on CNN at 3:15pm CT to discuss the White House canceling public tours.   Tune in to learn more about the latest White House foray into perception politics.
The snow storm shutting down Washington couldn't keep me from meeting with my friend Scott today.  
 
 Scott was a 4th place snowshoeing finisher at the Special Olympics World Games in South Korea this year.  A talent that may come in handy if this snow keeps coming down!
Sequestration Scare Tactic Alert: After Allegations of Selling White House Access to Donors – President Obama Closes White House Gate to the American People.  http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=9f5f0bec-9c5e-406a-9df7-b0204fdd2a73
Today I introduced a bill to save the taxpayer $36 billion and restore integrity to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) commonly known as food stamps.  SNAP funds should go to those in need, not to lotto winners or toward union dues. By cutting administrative costs, we can save billions for the taxpayer without affecting food on the table or in the kitchen cupboard for families that the rely on the assistance.
Great editorial in the Topeka Capital Journal this morning.   "...The president does not seem to understand that we have a spending problem. He seems to think the only way to lead is by using scare tactics designed to make us believe the sky will fall if we do not increase taxes..."  http://cjonline.com/opinion/2013-02-28/editorial-spending-cuts-should-fall-obama
Summer internship applications are due today! Visit my website to read more and download the application.
 
 http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Internships
NA
More unfortunate scare tactics from the Obama Administration:   http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/teacher-pink-slips-claim-by-duncan-not-backed-by-evidence/2013/02/27/8a87aa2a-8113-11e2-b99e-6baf4ebe42df_story.html
Spending cuts can be made without jeopardizing public safety or scaring consumers.
Today I voted against the confirmation of Jack Lew, the President’s nominee for Treasury Secretary. Mr. Lew’s failure to answer the most basic questions about his investments in offshore accounts or his tenure on Wall Street was deeply disturbing.  Most startling to Kansans, however, was Mr. Lew’s inability to explain this Administration’s hypocrisy with regard to general aviation.   As our economy continues to struggle, the top post at Treasury is immensely important and with regret, I don’t believe Mr. Lew is the best fit for this post. Full Statement: http://goo.gl/rfknR  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWaL5EKf-7I&feature=youtu.be
The deadline for summer internship applications is March 1st!  If you are interested learn more & fill out an app here: http://ht.ly/i2ygP
Late breaking good news tonight: Father Emil Kapaun, Kansan and Korean War hero will receive the Medal of Honor. I encourage you to read this reporting by Roy Wenzl of the Wichita Eagle to learn of the sacrifice and service of Father Kapaun.
It is official: DHS has awarded a $40 million contract to start construction on the Central Utilities Plant for the NBAF on Kansas State University's campus in Manhattan. We are a major step closer to construction of the lab and better protection for our nation's plant and animal health.
Stay safe out there in this weather. Should you require assistance from my office today, please contact the Washington, D.C. office at 202-224-4774 or visit my website at roberts.senate.gov. Our state offices will be closed due to the storm.
White House Press Secretary Jay Carney made it clear today the Obama Administration is picking winners and losers. Unfortunately for Kansans and for the hardworking employees of the American general aviation industry, the Obama White House has determined they are the losers. Click the link below to read my statement and the transcript from the White House Press Briefing.   http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=653a9975-1dc6-4a2b-80bc-23d542531508
Held a town hall meeting today with employees at the General Motors Fairfax Assembly and Stamping Plant in Kansas City, Kansas. What a great treat to visit with some of the nearly 4000 employees who produce the Chevy Malibu and Buick LaCrosse.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this terrible accident on the Plaza last night. I hope those still working the scene can make the area safe and determine the cause of the incident.
What a great turnout at the Town Hall meeting in Olathe---well over 200 people filling all of the space. There is great interest in seeing our great country's problems solved for their children and grandchildren's futures. It was really good to join my friends and colleagues Jerry Moran and Congressman Kevin Yoder.
Really enjoyed visiting with this group of young Majors who are students at the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth. They are truly engaged in the Intellectual Center of the United States Army.
Thanks to those that turned out for an Anderson County Townhall meeting. We had a full house with Kansans concerned about the economy and the debt. Thanks for taking the time to share your advice and counsel with me.
If you are in the Johnson County area today Jerry Moran, Congressman Kevin Yoder and I are hosting a town hall at the Olathe City Council Chambers at 4:00pm, and we would love to see you there!
 
 If you can't make it, you can stream the event live here: http://www.olatheks.org/News/OGN
What a great crowd in Iola at Allen County Community College. Thank you to President John Masterson for a wonderful welcome, and thank you to those in attendance for their advice and counsel on a number of important issues including the economy, the deficit and national defense.
Thanks to all the folks in Franklin County who turned out to the Town Hall meeting in Ottawa--the struggling economy and too much government were big topics of discussion.
As a Marine and a Kansan, I was so proud to send my gratitude and congratulations to Marine First Sgt. Bradley Simmons of Liberal, who was awarded the Bronze Star with combat distinguishing service for his heroic actions in Sangin District, Afghanistan. Semper Fi. http://www.marinecorpstimes.com/news/2013/01/marine-1st-sergeant-honored-for-heroics-sangin-battle-012813/
Late last night the Senate approved a resolution Senator Jerry Moran and I introduced to recognize Emporia State University's 150th Anniversary. My mother graduated from Emporia State and like so many other Hornets, went on to become a teacher. As their values statement says: ESU has a commitment to a positive, quality environment that nurtures academic and personal excellence in learning and teaching. Congratulations Emporia State!
Today in our Finance Committee hearing, I pressed administration officials about the regulatory Impact of Obamacare  http://ht.ly/hJ98f
Two important hearings today: Senate Agriculture Committee will consider disaster assistance. Watch live here: http://www.ag.senate.gov/hearings/drought-fire-and-freeze
The Washington Post on yesterday's Finance Committee hearing on the Lew nomination:  “Mr. Lew,” said Sen. Pat Roberts (Kan.), savoring the irony, “welcome to what some of the press have described as the Grand Cayman Ugland House rehab and restoration hearings.”
See video of my questioning of Jack Lew, the President's nominee for U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. Spoiler alert: He had a tax haven in the Cayman Islands, registered in a building President Obama called "the largest tax scam in the world." Here I told him General Aviation should not be vilified. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW6vJ0SdSsU&feature=youtu.be
The Senate floor was Purple today as Jerry Moran and I introduced a resolution to recognize Kansas State University's 150th Anniversary. Since its beginning, even before Kansas joined the union as a free state, all the way up to today, Kansas State University continues to provide a first rate education to thousands of students. I am proud of our history and look forward to the future as the University strives to become one of the top 50 public research institutions in the country. I have no doubt we’ll make it. EMAW! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0Dm2yFsxhs
Click the link watch Treasury Secretary nominee Jack Lew's confirmation hearing in the Senate Finance Committee http://ht.ly/hGek5
The President has proposed more of the same tax and spend policies that have left us with a nearly $17 trillion and climbing debt and with many still out of work. Rather than at least a path toward fiscal responsibility, we got another campaign speech.  Kansans are tired of the brinksmanship. They are sick of the unknown; are tired of the government regulations, the taxes and the rising costs and uncertainty of the new health care law. They are fearful of the future for their children and grandchildren. If it was the President’s intention to lead the nation to an economic recovery, I am afraid the President missed the mark.  The administration is already targeting painful cuts within the President’s own proposed sequester. In the coming days we will have to see if the President is serious about actions to avoid the pending disaster that is his sequester. If he does not, the American people will again be driven to the brink with a stalled economy.
Ready for the Sunflower Showdown tonight. This could get interesting.....Will it be the Wildcats or the Jayhawks?
Next week I will hold town hall meetings to listen to the concerns of Kansans in Allen, Anderson and Franklin Counties. I will also join Jerry Moran and Congressman Kevin Yoder for a town hall forum in Olathe. For more information: http://www.roberts.senate.gov/public/?p=townhall
March 1, 2013 is the deadline to apply for a summer internship in my Washington office. If you are interested in applying, please visit my website.
Dan, Thank you for the straight talk, the interviews and the friendship over the years. When news breaks for Wichita, I will miss discussing it with you. Happy trails and best wishes!
I had the opportunity to question Education Secretary Arne Duncan about No Child Left Behind waivers today. Decisions that impact our students should be made on the local level, not by regulation or mandate from Washington.  Check out the video below to watch the exchange from the HELP Committee chamber. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSk37bf3Vso
As you know we're still in a statewide drought, but some of KS is getting rain today. If you have moisture, let me know how much you are getting. http://ht.ly/hvBN4
A big thank you to Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, and Vice President for Research Ron Trewyn for the new K-State 150th Anniversary pin I'm sporting in the Senate today!
As the Co-Chair of the Senate Rural Health Caucus, I was so pleased to speak at the NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH ASSOCIATION's Annual Rural Health Policy Institute this morning.
I was sad to miss the celebration of life for my friend Adele Hall today, but Senate votes required my presence in Washington.  Since we were voting, however, I was able to speak about Adele's amazing life and legacy on the Senate floor. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOgUxciwndU
For the fourth time in five years, President Obama will fail to submit a budget request for the upcoming Fiscal Year to the Congress by the first Monday of February (today) as mandated by law. At a time when our nation needs leadership on the deficit and the runaway spending of taxpayer dollars, it is unfortunate that there is none in the White House.
Here is a great article about two Washburn University Ichabods in the Superbowl. I wish them both luck on the big day!
Today I introduced a bill to get rid of regulations that hurt our economy, with the support of 32 Senators, the Chamber of Commerce, the NFIB and the NCBA among others. The Obama Administration's regulatory agenda is killing jobs. We must put it in check.
I appreciate the American Soybean Association's support of our Pesticides bill.  It is essential to simplify the Government's redundant and wasteful regulations. 
During the debate on USDA's School Lunch Program regulations that left active kids hungry, I heard from parents, school administrators, and students like Lindsey Heward of Osage City High School. I shared the concerns with USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack. They were heard loud and clear. The USDA ultimately provided additional flexibility in implementing changes to school meals. I entered this valuable advice from Lindsey and others into the Congressional Record. See it on page 29 here: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CREC-2013-01-28/pdf/CREC-2013-01-28-senate.pdf
I was honored to receive the Wheat Advocate Award from the Kansas Wheat Growers and National Association of Wheat Growers (NAWG). I am also proud that three of my staff members from the Senate Agriculture Committee were recognized for their leadership on behalf of the wheat industry. Thanks to Tara Smith, Joel Leftwich (Wellington native) and Max Fisher (St. John native) for their hard work.
I had the honor and privilege of meeting with my fellow Marine, Lieutenant General Robert Schmidle, this morning. Lt. General Schmidle serves as the United States Marine Corps’ Deputy Commandant for Aviation. He previously served as Deputy Commander for U.S. Cyber Command.
 
 We were able to discuss the changes facing the Department of Defense, including sequestration, the Joint Strike Fighter and V-22 programs, women in combat, and outgoing Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta.
It was great to meet with educators from the Kansas Association of School Boards today. We had a wonderfully productive conversation about the status and future of Kansas' schools and students.
Lots of excitement in Manhattan with GTM Sportswear's announcement of an acquisition which creates 500 new jobs in Kansas. Congratulations to owner Dave Dreiling, and to Gov Sam Brownback and KDOC Sec Pat George who were on hand for this major announcement.
Congratulations to the City of Leawood and Mayor Peggy Dunn for another successful year reported in today's State of the City Address. Thank you for your leadership as the economy continues to grow and the city receives recognition as a great place to live.
Thanks to Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren for his visit and speech in Overland Park last night hosted by the Jewish Community Relations Bureau/American Jewish Committee and Executive Director Marvin Szneler. I wish the Ambassador well at his Landon Lecture today Kansas State University.
Happy Kansas Day!
Congratulations to the nearly 4000 employees at the General Motors Fairfax Assembly Plant, GM Chairman Dan Akerson, the KCK Unified Government represented by Mayor Joe Reardon, U.S. Rep. Kevin Yoder and Governor Sam Brownback on the announcement of a $600 million investment in Kansas. The Fairfax plant is a crown jewell of General Motors.
While my good friend Marynell Reece of Scandia may be the oldest daughter at the Native Sons and Daughters of Kansas Banquet, we all know she is also the sweetest. I was glad to be a part of honoring Kansans young and old in Topeka tonight, especially Marynell.
I was pleased to meet with Japanese Ambassador Kenichiro Sasae today. I look forward to the official announcement that will ease restrictions on U.S. beef imports. Once official, this will mean greater access to Japanese markets for Kansas beef.
Congrats to the The Hutchinson News for making the Top Ten at the Newseum today.
Kansans are lucky to have native son Dale Moore from Copeland to be their champion at the American Farm Bureau Federation. Dale is a good friend and former member of my staff. His leadership on behalf of farmers and ranchers is unfailing. Congrats Dale!
As the the most senior Marine in the Congress, today I released the following statement on Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton’s testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19PWOjKch9c
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=b8oms5GoQ7I   For my first legislative effort in the new 113th Congress, U.S. today I introduced a resolution to put Senators on the record to affirm that Congress holds the sole authority to borrow money on the credit of the United States and cannot cede this power to the President.   At issue are recent statements, by the President and his Administration, making it quite clear they would like the unilateral power to raise the Nation’s debt ceiling without the required, and often politically difficult, vote in congress.
The first Roberts Report e-newsletter of 2013 went out this afternoon. Check it out, and sign up, at the link below:
I am disheartened by the White House Gun Violence task force’s recommendations. I will fight proposals in the Senate that threaten our 2nd Amendment rights and fail to take real action to curb a culture of violence in America.
I want to thank Governor Sam Brownback and his drought response team for another successful roundtable. These meetings keep us coordinated as we work together to respond to the third year of this historic drought.
On this date in 1935 - Kansan Amelia Earhart is the first person to fly solo from Hawaii to California. 
Great news for McConnell and Wichita and Forbes Field and Topeka: they were selected today as finalists for the basing of the new KC-46A tanker program. While the basing decisions are not final, Kansas' military installations have again outperformed the competition. Just another example of the critical role Kansas plays in our national security.
Stopped by the 24th Annual Topeka Farm Show today. Thanks to those that stopped to shake hands and discuss the issues.
Kansans are fortunate to have the "Librarian of the Year" working for our state. Congratulations to Jo Bundler and thanks for your work on the frontier of e-books. 
Had a great time meeting with the very bright Osage City Class of 2013--GO INDIANS!
Looking forward to the Soybean Expo in Topeka this week.
The wildcats had a tough loss to end a great season. Safe travels to Wildcat nation making their way back home.
Wishing Coach Snyder and the Kansas State University Wildcats a great game. EMAW!
Early this morning, I voted to provide permanent tax relief to 99 percent of Americans who should not be made to pay the price of partisan politics and inaction in Washington, especially in a stalled economy. Make no mistake: I will vigorously fight to stop President Obama and Washington liberals from raising taxes and increasing deficit spending as America faces serious debt and fiscal crisis in the new year. The debt ceiling debate will enable us to make significant spending reductions. I have proven it can be done. I worked across the aisle to pass a Senate Farm Bill that cut spending by $24 billion. I am committed to building on those efforts for future generations of Americans.  While this deal is not the comprehensive solution I was seeking to America's debt crisis, delay or inaction on taxes would have only harmed our economy, damaged retirement savings, and penalized Kansans of all ages.  I am pleased that the final agreement also includes an extension of the 2008 Farm Bill through the end of September 2013. While this extension is not the best possible bill, I believe it is the best bill possible at this time. It provides consumers certainty by avoiding the dairy cliff, and it provides certainty to our producers and their lenders as Congress continues work on a Farm Bill in 2013.
