Purple Heart ceremony at Fort Sam Houston for Staff Sgt. Steven Tessitore, wounded in Afghanistan in November. My solemn thanks to this humble warrior who said, upon being presented with the medal, "No one in their right mind would want a Purple Heart." He accepted it on behalf of his unit-- fellow soldiers who he said are the reason he is here today.
Fort Sam Houston Warrior and Family Support Center's Annual Christmas Luncheon
Merry Christmas eve, eve, eve, eve
Pleased to meet with Dr. Clay Johnston, the Dean of the Dell Medical School at UT Austin to get an update on plans for this exciting new chapter for the University and for Austin.
Senate Approves Cornyn Measure Making 2009 Fort Hood Victims Eligible for Purple Hearts:
Today’s VA Vet of the Day is Texan James Leavelle. What a pleasure to meet this hero during Austin Honor Flight’s trip to DC last weekend:
VIDEO - Cornyn: One Step Closer to Justice for Fort Hood Victims:
Senate Approves Cornyn-Flores Bill To Name Waco VA Medical Center After WWII Hero Doris Miller:
Yesterday I met with Bexar County Sheriff Susan Pamerleau in my DC office to discuss ongoing efforts to improve our criminal justice system.
Cornyn: Democrats Should Thank, Not Vilify, Intelligence Community:
Senate Passes Cornyn, Leahy FOIA Improvement Act:
I'm pleased to team up with Sen. Cruz and my colleagues in the House on this important bipartisan effort for Texas military families:
It was a great privilege welcoming heroes from the Austin Honor Flight to the WWII Memorial this weekend.
Honored to welcome these heroes to Washington on National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day:
I look forward to welcoming a Texas Honor Flight of WWII vets to their memorial in Washington this afternoon
Pearl Harbor Day!  Thank a veteran.
Cornyn: Divided Government Presents Opportunities:
Enjoyed welcoming Alaskan Senator-Elect Dan Sullivan to Washington this morning:
Good seeing McKinney Mayor Brian Loughmiller in Washington this week:
NA
NA
Cornyn Statement on Nomination of Sarah Saldana to be ICE Director:
NA
NA
Enjoyed great company and a pre-Thanksgiving meal with the troops at Camp Bullis today. Very grateful for the brave men and women who serve and sacrifice on our behalf.
The 35th Annual Raul Jimenez Thanksgiving Dinner will serve thousands of San Antonians in need tomorrow with 550 turkeys on the menu. Was great to join volunteers from Longfellow Middle school, the girls basketball team from Southwest High, and employees from Wells Fargo to help prepare the meal.
As Texans give thanks for our blessings, I hope each of us will count among our greatest blessings the men and women who have and continue to place their lives in harm’s way to ensure our freedoms, our safety and our way of life.  http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TexasTimesWeeklyColumn&ContentRecord_id=5df57e45-3e07-4b22-807f-6b63efee8499
Was great to join Mayor Leffingwell, students, and other volunteers in helping to serve Thanksgiving dinner at HEB's 25th Annual Feast of Sharing, which hosts thousands of Austinites in need each year.
Cornyn Statement on Secretary Hagel’s Resignation:
Cornyn Responds to President Obama Ending Secure Communities Program:
Cornyn: Executive Action on Immigration an Unconstitutional Abuse of Power:
Sen. Cornyn OpEd in National Review: The Case against Obama’s Amnesty:
Cornyn: President’s Power Grab Poisons Prospects For Real Reform:
VIDEO - Cornyn: For President Obama, Time is Up on Keystone Pipeline:
VIDEO - Cornyn: Bypassing Congress on Immigration Will Harm Opportunity for Real Reform
A big thanks to Admiral Bobby R. Inman, U.S. Navy (Ret.) and members of my Academy Selection Board who met today in Austin to review and recommend candidates for nomination to one of our nation's prestigious military academies next fall.
Cornyn: New GOP Senate Majority an Opportunity to Work Together:
Sen. Cornyn Meeting with GOP Senators-Elect:
Our veterans and their family members have gone to every length to defend our nation and protect their fellow men and women, and nowhere is that level of commitment stronger than here in the great State of Texas. Home to nearly 1.7 million veterans and some of the nation’s largest and most important military bases, the Texas military community is a source of pride for all Texans.   Sadly, events of the past year have shown us that too many of our veterans in Texas and across the country have not been treated with the dignity and care they so rightly deserve. Nothing should be put above the needs and well-being of our veterans, and we must do everything in our power to see that these men and women receive the very best in seamless care and benefits.   May God bless our veterans, our service members, their families and the many who have gone before them. We will never forget their sacrifice, and we will always strive to be worthy of it.
My OpEd in this morning's Dallas Morning News: Time to Take Human Trafficking Seriously
Cornyn to President: Work with GOP on Immigration:
Sen. Cornyn Op-Ed in Amarillo Globe News: Texas agriculture will thrive
Cornyn Statement on New Senate Republican Majority:
As we mark five years since the terrorist attack on Fort Hood, my thoughts and prayers are with the families of the fallen, the wounded, and the entire Fort Hood community who lost 13 heroes and an unborn child that fateful day. Fort Hood has endured tremendous tragedy and loss over the past 5 years but has persevered with the strength and grit III Corps is known for around the world, and has emerged stronger and closer than ever.
Got a great update yesterday from the new president of UT-Rio Grande Valley, Dr. Guy Bailey, and the founding dean of the UTRGV medical school, Dr. Francisco Fernandez, as well as several local stakeholders about the latest plans for the upcoming medical school and other details on the bright outlook for the newly minted UTRGV.
Accountability Needed for HHS Response to Ebola Crisis:
Honored to receive the STEM Champion award from Girlstart, an Austin-based nonprofit empowering young girls to pursue studies and careers in science, technology, engineering and math.
Enjoyed visiting with the Dallas Regional Chamber today for their annual state of the senate luncheon. Talked about the outlook for the Senate in the 114th Congress and a number of legislative priorities that impact the business community in Dallas and around the state.
Sen. Cornyn on Houston's decision to withdraw the subpoenas of five local pastors: "The First Amendment guarantees a right to free speech and religious freedom for all, and Texans must be assured these inalienable rights will not be trampled on by a government that doesn’t agree with their views."
NA
Cornyn, Klobuchar Lead Bipartisan Group of Lawmakers Urging Democratic Republic of Congo to Act on Adoption Reform:
Enjoyed meeting with former Harris County Judge Robert Eckels today to receive an update on the efforts of the Gulf Coast Community Protection & Recovery District to develop a coastal storm surge protection plan.
Member of the audience snapped a #SenatorSelfie at the Greater Houston Partnership annual State of the Senate luncheon today
Delivering an update on the state of the Senate to the Greater Houston Partnership and discussing issues that have bipartisan support like approving Keystone, reforming our antiquated tax code, and reforming our broken immigration system.
Cornyn Presses For More Info on Ebola Research, Urges Expedited Development of Vaccine:
Best wishes to Nina Pham as she returns home to TX & Amber Vinson in her recovery.  All of our TX nurses deserve our thanks and support.
Cornyn Invites VA Secretary to South Texas to Meet with Valley Veterans:
Diwali’s message of tolerance and compassion is one that all Americans can appreciate. As our friends in the Indian community here in Texas and around the world come together to mark the Festival of Lights, Sandy and I send our sincere wishes for a joyous and prosperous new year.
VIDEO - Fox News: Cornyn Calls for Hearings Following Report ICE Misled Congress on Detainee Releases:
Cornyn Calls for Hearings Following Report That ICE Misled Congress, Public on Detainee Releases:
Gambling monkeys and zombie musicals? Check out Sen. Coburn's 2014 Wastebook for the 100 most absurd things the government has spent money on the past year:
Cornyn: President Must Involve Congress on Iran: "The American people will not tolerate a President who wheels and deals with a radical regime behind their backs and dodges congressional oversight every chance he gets."
You can visit this page on my website if you're looking for information or resources related to Ebola:
NA
NA
Cornyn Calls for Coordinated Federal Response to Ebola: "The White House has done little over the past few weeks to inspire the confidence of Texans and the time for the Administration to act is now."
Had a wonderful trip to Fredericksburg on Monday and enjoyed talking to Danny Roming at JohnnyLees Something for Men.
NA
Cornyn, Cruz File Amicus Brief Requesting Full D.C. Circuit Review of Constitutionality of Obamacare:
Big day for Texas football!
NA
NA
Cornyn Responds To Report That President May Defy Congress on GITMO:
Toured Lone Star College-Conroe yesterday with Rep. Brady and received an update from school and local business leaders about the college’s workforce development programs to help prepare students for quality careers
Cornyn, McCaul Request Enhanced Ebola Screening at Dallas, Houston Airports:
NA
Joined my friend Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo today for a tour of APD's Forensic Crime Lab and to discuss our shared commitment to eliminating the rape kit backlog. The recently reauthorized Debbie Smith Act will help Austin and cities across the country achieve their goal of ensuring every rape kit is tested in a timely manner. Each kit has the potential to put a rapist behind bars and deliver justice for victims of sexual assault. Thanks to Texas Council on Family Violence and Texas Association Against Sexual Assault for joining us to highlight this important effort and mark National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
Cornyn on CBO Report: Nation is Drowning in Debt: 
NA
NA
Mosaic House
Pleased to join Mayor Parker, HPD, my friend and survivor Lavinia Masters and others to mark National Domestic Violence Awareness Month and the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act of 2014 being signed into law.  This bill provides law enforcement the resources necessary to ensure that victims of sexual assault receive the justice and support they are due.
Cornyn Demands Answers on Ebola Screening Procedures:
A big thanks to the students, faculty and leadership at Blinn College in Brenham, TX, for hosting me and Sandy yesterday for a visit and tour of the College’s Agriculture and Applied Technology Sciences facilities. Blinn is leading the state in its academic transfer rate to 4-year universities. They're doing great work preparing students with a top-notch education both in the classroom and beyond.
Had a great visit with the folks at Independence Coffee Company in Brenham, TX yesterday. It's a true family-run-and-operated small business that roasted 2k lbs of coffee in their first year in 2003. This year they're on target to roast 270K lbs. A great example of the unlimited potential of our small business owners--the backbone of our economy. In TX, their hard work is encouraged by a business-friendly environment that combines low taxes, less regulations and limited government.
NA
Sept. 27th, 2014
Sen. Cornyn op-ed in The Hill: Reviving the US-India partnership
At Dallas' Mosaic House, a shelter for victims of trafficking and domestic violence, discussing the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, bipartisan legislation to boost resources for those on the front lines working to stop human trafficking and provide assistance to victims. Pleased to be joined by the Dallas Police Department and Melissa Woodward, a courageous woman who was sold into trafficking as a child and who has survived and is courageously sharing her story to help other survivors.
NA
NA
NA
As India's new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, arrives in the U.S., I look forward to speaking to the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce of Greater Houston's 15th annual gala tonight. Will highlight several areas where we can continue to strengthen the  important friendship and partnership of the world's oldest democracy and its largest. 1http://www.nytimes.com/news/un-general-assembly/2014/09/27/narendra-modi-in-u-n-speech-inserts-india-into-terrorism-fight/?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share
Praying for the NCTC softball team, their families, and the entire community as they mourn the loss of four young lives taken too soon. http://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/School-Bus-Involved-in-I-35-Crash-in-Oklahoma-277298211.html
Enjoyed picking peppers & okra at the San Antonio Food Bank today as they kicked off their Fall Harvest - the beginning of the holiday season & their busiest time of year. Food Bank staff and volunteers are doing excellent work helping those in need in San Antonio and the region. Their Farm Fresh program provides tens of thousands of pounds of fresh produce each year to those who need it most.
Tomorrow is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, an opportunity for Texans and Americans across the country to dispose of unused prescription drugs to prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. To find a local collection site go to: https://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/NTBI/ntbi-pub.pub?_flowExecutionKey=_c53E85B87-BFA4-B7E5-22EB-4C5CC362D481_kA375FE58-6A5D-3E21-0890-0DF690923E53.   With prescription drug abuse on the rise, I’ve been pleased to work with my colleague Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) to pass a new law that will ultimately make every day Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, by expanding the program to allow consumers to dispose of unused medications at pharmacies and other locations year-round. To read more, visit: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsReleases&ContentRecord_id=5f26b081-eb05-4a8e-bbe6-d3832ea62aa9
Cornyn statement on Attorney General Eric Holder:   “Unfortunately the American people, myself included, lost confidence in the Attorney General’s ability to lead a long time ago because of his continued willingness to put politics before the law.  “The nation deserves an Attorney General whose loyalty to the justice system will trump loyalty to a political party, and I hope the President will nominate someone who will uphold the basic standards of honesty, transparency, and accountability that have been so glaringly absent in this Justice Department.”
Will be on the Hugh Hewitt Show at 5:40pm CT to discuss the airstrikes in Syria. You can tune in here: http://www.hughhewitt.com/player.html
As Rosh Hashanah begins at sundown, best wishes to my Jewish friends in Texas and across the country for a safe & prosperous New Year.
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Travis County Sheriff’s Senior Deputy Jessica Hollis.  May her family take comfort in the prayers and support of the Central Texas community.
Cornyn Calls for New Authorization of Force Following Airstrikes in Syria:
Enjoyed meeting with TSU Pres. Rudley. The 4-0 Tigers play Alabama State this Saturday.  Go Tigers!
Last week I met with members of AIPAC to discuss security assistance to Israel and other developments in the region.
Was honored to meet with WWII vet Clifford Reed of Santa Fe, TX last week while he was in DC attending a ceremony honoring his service.
Cornyn Statement on SpaceX Groundbreaking in South Texas:  "Today’s groundbreaking is a proud moment for South Texas and our state as we open a new chapter in what has been a long, historic tradition of leading the nation’s space program. This milestone ensures Texas will remain at the forefront of space exploration and discovery for years to come."
In Case You Missed It: Committee Passes Cornyn Bill To Curb Sex Trade In Texas, Across The Country: 
Congrats to Marv Esterly and the folks at Midland International Airport, now Midland International Air & Space Port, which just received its FAA license to become the nation’s first commercial airport to also handle space flights. It was great visiting with airport & local leaders last month to hear more details about spaceport plans.
Cornyn Praises Reauthorization of the Debbie Smith Act: 
Senate Committee Approves Cornyn’s Justice For Victims Of Trafficking Act:
VIDEO - Cornyn: Senate Being Used As Incumbent Protection Program: 
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn Introduces Sarah Saldana At Senate Confirmation Hearing:
Cornyn OpEd on Fox News: A Republican Blueprint for Governing: 
As we celebrate Constitution Day, it is more important than ever that we protect this remarkable document that has seen our nation through the addition of 37 states, through times of prosperity and times of need, through a civil war and wars abroad, and through leaders representing every stripe of the political spectrum. This Constitution Day, let’s remember our privilege and responsibility as citizens to understand this foundational document, the liberties it guarantees for each of us, and how we can better protect it for future generations.
VIDEO - Cornyn: Senate Needs Change in Management:
Chancellor Robert Duncan of Texas Tech University met with me last week for a great discussion in my DC office
Sen. Cornyn Requests Delay On Proposed EPA Rule That Would Unfairly Burden Texas Energy Consumers:
Great meeting with the Abilene Chamber of Commerce and community leaders this week in DC
2014
Sept. 5th, 2014
Sept. 4th, 2014
VIDEO - Cornyn Recognizes 13th Anniversary of September 11th Attacks:
September 11th, 2001 was a defining moment in our nation’s history – it was a day that proved our love of country and our fellow Americans will always prevail.   Today we pause with heavy hearts to remember those we lost and pray that God will continue to comfort the families of those we still mourn.   We also continue to pray for our military, along with our intelligence professionals, our law enforcement officers, first responders, and others who have dedicated their lives since that fateful day to keep us safe and free from another attack.  Let us never leave them in doubt of our gratitude.  September 11 will forever be a solemn reminder of what can be taken from us in the blink of an eye, and why we must never waver in our efforts to protect this great nation and the freedoms it embodies.
Congratulations to Cissy Perez of Corpus Christi and Barbara Warner of Frisco on being named Texas Principals of the Year. They are leading their schools with excellence and doing outstanding work preparing the next generation of Texas leaders.
VIDEO - Cornyn Urges Obama To Offer Plan with Clear Objectives for Defeating ISIL:
Cornyn, Poe Press Holder To Comply With Violence Against Women Act:
VIDEO - Cornyn: Push to Gut First Amendment Reflects Senate Democrats’ Misplaced Priorities:
DEA Implements Cornyn-Klobuchar Law to Help Curb Prescription Drug Abuse:
Saw firsthand today the outstanding work being done by the men and women of the Galveston National Laboratory searching for cures for the world's deadliest diseases, including Ebola.
NA
Spoke to the Economic Alliance Houston Port Region in Pasadena today. The Houston Port Region has become a true global and economic powerhouse over the past 100 years, and the communities and businesses that make up the Economic Alliance have played a key role in that growth.
The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program is the nation's largest youth recognition program for volunteer community service, find out more information on how to apply for 2015 here:
NA
NA
Cornyn Calls on President to Work with Congress on ISIL:
Happy Labor Day!  Let's work to grow the Texas and US economies so more American's can celebrate the dignity, self-respect, and the wages that come from honest work.  For some ideas see cornyn.senate.gov
 Thanks to Fayette County Judge Ed Janecka and all my friends in La Grange for a great fair again this year.  Stop by today if you are in the area: http://www.fayettecountyfair.org
After meeting at the Korean Community Center and participating in panel interview on VIETV in Houston yesterday, I am reminded once again what a tremendous magnet the Texas economy is to people from around America and around the world pursuing the American Dream.  No challenge Americans can't meet if we are focused, courageous, and work together in best interests of our country.
Aug. 29th, 2014
NA
NA
As a former judge and Attorney General I know the extraordinary power a prosecutor wields when he or she accuses a citizen of a crime. The circumstances of this indictment cry out "abuse" of that prosecutorial power. To attempt to criminalize the exercise of the very authority our constitution confers on a Governor should be condemned, not condoned.   Governor Perry has served our state for 14 years as governor, committed day in and day out to making a better life for all Texans. He has my full support.
Enjoyed speaking this morning with the men and women who work at Samsung's Round Rock, TX campus about the dynamic impact of the high-tech industry on Texas' economy. Samsung is a leading job creator in TX, employing thousands across the state.
Women-owned businesses in TX have grown by nearly 100 percent in the past two decades, according to a recent study by American Express. Yet another chapter in the TX success story. Was pleased to join my friend TX Comptroller Susan Combs and the Greater Austin Chamber to hear from several of the women behind those impressive stats today in Austin, including Chez Zee American Bistro, Sugar Mama's Bakeshop, Austin Woman Magazine, Charlie Bravo Aviation and Triton Ventures.
NA
WSJ: $90 million The sum the Israeli military estimates Hamas spent on the construction of 32 tunnels between Gaza and Israel, uncovered during the latest conflict.
To live his life in his own way, to call his house his castle, to enjoy the fruits of his own labour, to educate his children as his conscience directs, to save for their prosperity after his death --- these are wishes deeply ingrained in civilised man. Their realization is almost as necessary to our virtues as to our happiness. From their total frustration disastrous results both moral and psychological might follow." -- C. S. Lewis (1898-1963), British novelist Source: Willing Slaves of the Welfare State, first published in The Observer on July 20, 1958 http://liberty-tree.ca/research/willing_slaves_of_the_welfare_state http://quotes.liberty-tree.ca/quote_blog/C..S..Lewis.Quote.21B6 
From AAN: A congressional report found the White House will be exempting millions from the individual mandate. This is an interesting decision by the administration considering when Obamacare went before the Supreme Court in 2012 the Solicitor General wrote that the individual mandate was “essential” to guaranteeing the success of the act. The administration needs to make up its mind on whether or not the individual mandate is “essential” or can be waved off with the stroke of a pen
Congratulations to Brigadier General Viet Xuan Luong, the first Vietnamese American general officer in U.S. history. This is a proud day for the Luong family, the Fort Hood community, the Vietnamese-American community in Texas and for our nation. Luong’s promotion to Brigadier General is a testament to the American dream, our nation’s spirit of opportunity, and the power of hard work and determination. I know the 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood will continue to be well served under General Luong’s leadership.
Pleased to meet with San Antonio's newly appointed Mayor Ivy R. Taylor this week to discuss the current state and future of Texas’ second largest city.
In Midland talking with local stakeholders about federal overreach with endangered species listings, such as the lesser prairie chicken, that do not take into account local conservation efforts and put a damper on economic development and job creation.
Traveled to the McAllen Border Patrol Station and McAllen-Hidalgo International Bridge on Friday to receive another update about the humanitarian crisis on our southern border.
NA
Honored to be named 2015 Mr. South Texas by the City of Laredo's Washington's Birthday Celebration Association. Pleased to join in celebrating this vibrant city, its rich and diverse history, and its promising future as it continues to excel in energy, business, education and trade.
Yesterday I visited the U.S. Air Force’s Cyber Command in San Antonio and was briefed by the incoming commander, Maj. Gen. Wilson. In an age of increasing cyber threats, I’m thankful Texas is home to this cutting-edge operation.
Yesterday I visited the TX border with a bipartisan group of Members of Congress and Senators from other states who are choosing to visit Texas and see firsthand the unique challenges our southern border poses and meet with Border Patrol personnel and local leaders who have stepped up to respond to this crisis. I wish that President Obama and Majority Leader Reid would do the same. I proposed a solution with my colleague Rep. Henry Cuellar that would eliminate the profit motive for cartels who are smuggling children from Central America into the U.S. under the current loophole in a 2008 law. Harry Reid would not allow a vote on our proposal before Congress adjourned and the result is a growing crisis without a solution.
Cornyn: Bipartisan Consensus to Change 2008 Law:
Sen. Cornyn Introduces Bill To Strengthen Protections For Wounded Warriors From IRS
Great to speak with the Christians United For Israel Texas Delegation last week:
Cornyn: Reid’s Obstruction Guarantees Border Crisis Gets Worse, Not Better
A true honor to meet our nation's oldest female veteran, San Antonio resident Lucy Coffey, 108 years young. Lucy served as a sergeant in the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps in WWII and holds two Bronze Stars for service in the Pacific. Was pleased to join another hero, Sen. Bob Dole, in visiting with Lucy this morning as she toured our war memorials in Washington, an all-expenses-paid trip for her made possible by a number of persistent individuals, including a pair of retired Marines, Honor Flight Austin and American Airlines. There is no greater privilege than spending time with a hero like Lucy who embodies the spirit and honor of our Greatest Generation. May God bless her and keep her well.
Cornyn: Administration, Senate Democrats Agree 2008 Law Must Be Changed. So What’s The Holdup?
Today is the groundbreaking ceremony for the Fort Hood memorial, honoring those killed in the Nov. 5, 2009 terrorist attack. I applaud the hard work of the talented Troy Kelley and the supporters who have made the Fort Hood Memorial a reality. It is an important day for the families of the fallen and the larger Fort Hood community.   It is also a somber reminder that Congress must do its part to bring justice to the fallen and their families by approving legislation awarding the Purple Heart to the victims.
Democrats, GOP Agree: 2008 Trafficking Law Must be Changed:
LISTEN - Joined Bill Bennett earlier today to discuss the HUMANE Act, my bipartisan legislation to help fix the crisis on the southern border:
July 18th, 2014
July 18th, 2014
My op-ed in National Review: A HUMANE Border Solution
In Mission today to get an update on the crisis on our southern border - receiving briefing from Border Patrol on crossing sites on the Rio Grande
What They’re Saying: The HUMANE Act:
Houston Chronicle - Cornyn/Cuellar: Texas must take urgent action on migrant children crisis: 
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Discuss Solution to Border Crisis on Morning Joe: 
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Discuss Bipartisan Legislation to Fix Border Crisis:
Cornyn, Cuellar Offer HUMANE Act to Solve Border Crisis:
VIDEO - Cornyn: What The President Would Have Seen Had He Made Time To Visit TX Border:
"The inherent vice of capitalism is the uneven division of blessings, while the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal division of misery." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
Texans do not need a lecture from a man who refuses to even see the crisis firsthand. President Obama can fundraise and issue statements, Texans will work to solve the problem. 
Cornyn on Fox News: President is "Tone Deaf" 
Cornyn: Dallas is Not on the Border Mr. President:
"Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word: equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude." -- Alexis de Tocqueville (1805-1859) French historian
Cornyn: Border Visit Would Be "Wakeup Call" for the President: 
Independence Day is an annual reminder that we are fortunate to enjoy the greatest freedoms in the world, but even more importantly, it reminds us that freedom is not free.  For generations, brave service members have made countless sacrifices to safeguard our liberties and preserve our way of life. These heroes have risked everything to make America stronger and safer and to bring freedom to other corners of the world.  May God continue to bless Texas and the United States of America on her 238th birthday.
Encouraging to visit the Family Hope Center and see the great work Buckner International is doing in S. TX.
Enjoyed learning about Hillwood’s AllianceTexas development in Ft. Worth that has already brought more than 30,000 jobs to North Texas and is poised for even more growth and job creation.
NA
NA
Cornyn op-ed: Obama's Administrative Immigration  http://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/latest-columns/20140701-obama-s-deferred-action-policy-not-congress-led-to-illegal-crossings.ece
"If gun control bore any relation to homicide rates,  Washington, DC would be the safest place in the country." -- Mark Steyn (1959-)
June 29th, 2014
Cornyn Response to President’s Immigration Announcement:   “It’s painfully clear that the President’s previous “administrative” or executive actions on immigration resulted in the current humanitarian crisis in Texas. Given the current crisis on the Southern Border, how can the President consider more pen and phone policy changes that will lead to another surge of illegal immigration and put more lives in danger?"
June 29th, 2014
Cornyn Statement on Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Case:  “Today’s decision is a victory against Obamacare’s unprecedented overreach into our daily lives and the Administration’s disregard for the freedom of religion that Americans cherish. All Texans and Americans have the right to practice their religious beliefs without obstruction from the federal government, and today’s decision by the Supreme Court affirms that Obamacare does not trump those fundamental rights.”
Cornyn: Obama ‘Doubling Down” on Governing by Fiat:
Sens. Cornyn, Cruz & Rep. Thornberry Introduce Legislation To Provide Fairness, Certainty For Texas Landowners Along The Red River:
Shimon Peres: “There are no hopeless situations, only hopeless people.”
VIDEO - Cornyn Addresses Sen. Reid's "Offensive" Comments:
Cornyn Statement on NLRB Supreme Court Decision:   “For too long, our president has operated by fiat, bypassing Congress and overriding the will of the American people.  Today’s ruling sends a clear message against President Obama’s power grabs and restores more constitutionally-required accountability for all nominations going forward.”
Cornyn, Rubio Resolution Calls on President to Take Action in Border Crisis:
VIDEO - Cornyn: Voting Rights Act Amendment Ignores Texas’ Progress:
"Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little." -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797) Irish-born British statesman, parliamentary orator, and political thinker
Sen. Cornyn today spoke on the Senate floor in response to The New York Times editorial that falsely blamed Senate Republicans for delaying efforts on prison reform, when in fact Sen. Cornyn has introduced prison reform legislation that the NYT has praised and Sen. Reid controls the Senate schedule and has refused to schedule any votes on prison reform.   "Strangely enough, the 'Times' editorial praises our bill as an example, and I quote, 'of significant progress toward a legislative solution.' Close quote. Unfortunately, it then proceeds to blame Senate Republicans, including me, for stalling progress on the bill.   "It's the majority leader, Majority Leader Reid, who determines what legislation comes up on the Senate floor, and this editorial didn't mention him at all. An amazing oversight. So the last time I checked, the majority leader was the only person in the chamber with the power to schedule a vote on any legislation he wants, and he can do so whenever he wants. So for the record, I'd like to correct the error in 'The New York Times' editorial. I strongly support criminal justice reform including sentencing reform.”
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Prohibit IRS Bonuses, Force Agency to Comply with Investigation:
Enjoyed speaking to Texans and other folks in town for the Faith & Freedom Coalition last week
June 20th, 2014
June 20th, 2014
Cornyn Statement on Administration’s Response to Border Crisis: 
Had a great time meeting with the Texans from Close Up, who are in DC to learn more about how our democracy works.
Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Demand Answers From HHS on Security of Unaccompanied Minors Against Traffickers:
Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Cuellar Demand Answers From Obama Administration On Growing Humanitarian Crisis in South Texas:
Cornyn op-ed: Five things Obama must do to fix the border crisis
VIDEO - Cornyn: President Must Send Message That Immigration Laws Will Be Enforced:
Had a great discussion with the Irving Chamber of Commerce last week:
6/12/14
http://www.yourhoustonnews.com/bay_area/opinion/cornyn-s-texas-times-the-gift-of-fatherhood/article_9959c98f-cd2e-5490-b7a5-540efd483b17.html?mode=jqm
Cornyn Statement Following the President’s Remarks on Iraq
Cornyn Applauds New Law Awarding Congressional Gold Medal To The Borinqueneers:
VIDEO: Cornyn Details Dangerous Journey Of Unaccompanied Minors Bound For Texas
VIDEO - Cornyn: A Humanitarian Crisis of Obama’s Own Doing:
Cornyn Statement on Release of Internal VA Audit:
On this day, we honor the men who stormed the beaches of Normandy 70 years ago today.  These heroes will always be honored by the country they served and the nations they helped to free.   As we pay tribute to the heroes of D-Day, may we remember their sacrifices and those of their family members. May we remember their bravery and their commitment to the mission that would change the course of history.
NA
Sen. Cornyn Backs Bill To Boost Options For TX Veterans’ Health Care:
Had a great time taking part in the NFIB Small Business Challenge:
VIDEO: Cornyn: EPA’s “New” Energy Tax Unanimously Rejected in the Senate in 1997:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Harry Reid’s Assault on Free Speech:
Cornyn: New EPA Rule Targets Texas Consumers and Job Creators:
NA
Cornyn Statement on Sec. Shinseki’s Resignation:
NA
Cornyn Hosts Veterans’ Roundtable, Calls on Obama to Direct FBI to Investigate: 
Following IG Report, Cornyn Calls On President To Direct FBI To Investigate VA:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Nothing threatening about voter ID:
For more pictures, please visit: https://www.flickr.com/photos/senjohncornyn/sets/72157644866836022
NA
On this Memorial Day and every day of the year, may we honor the hopefulness of the heroes we have lost by practicing their selflessness, their determination, and their commitment to excellence. May we support their families who have served on the home front, and may we live each day with gratitude for our freedoms and for the men and women who gave everything to make those freedoms possible.
Honored to join Sun City's Memorial Day Ceremony, and express our gratitude for the men and women who sacrifice for our nation.
VIDEO - Cornyn: Senate Should Act to Award Purple Hearts to Fort Hood Victims:
VIDEO - FBI Director To Cornyn: 2009 Fort Hood Attack Inspired By Al Qaeda:  
Cornyn Calls on Senate Democrats to Take Up Legislation Protecting Victims of Human Trafficking:
FBI Director Comey testifying before Senate Judiciary Committee now
VIDEO: Cornyn Urges Obama to Withdraw VA Nominee, Calls for New Leadership: 
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Withdraw VA Nominee With Troubling Record:
IRS scandal: Day 372
'God grants liberty only to those who love it and are always ready to guard and defend it.'-Daniel Webster
Sen. Cornyn on the resignation of VA Undersecretary Petzel: "It’s indeed time for fresh leadership at the VA, but Americans are demanding more than the hollow gesture of the resignation of an undersecretary who already announced his departure last year. It’s time for Secretary Shinseki to follow suit and resign as well.”
Cornyn, Cruz, Sessions File Brief in Support of Obamacare Challenge:
Cornyn Thanks The National Association of Police Organizations:  http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=9967368a-52f3-46e9-ad78-eaec98c9fe6e
"It is always from a minority acting in ways different from what the majority would prescribe that the majority in the end learns to do better." -- Friedrich August von Hayek (1899-1992), Nobel Laureate of Economic Sciences 1974
VIDEO: Cornyn: VA Lacks Credibility 
Cornyn Responds To Shinseki Testimony: 
Cornyn: Release of Criminal Aliens Violates Texans’ Trust In DHS:
Cornyn: VA Scandals a Betrayal of Our Veterans:
Great to speak at AEI this morning on America's foreign policy and the consequences of inaction.
Cornyn Op-ed: The Perils of Foreign-Policy Weakness:
VIDEO - Fox News: Cornyn Demands Answers From VA Secretary:
Cornyn Demands Answers From VA Secretary:
NA
Cornyn Responds to New Whistleblower Claims at Texas VA Facility: 
May 8th, 2014
Great to speak with the Bryan-College Station and Waco Chambers of Commerce last week:
May 1st, 2014
Congrats to the Fort Worth Hispanic Chamber of Commerce on 41 years of supporting the American dream and helping to make it a reality for so many men and women. Pleased to join Danny Luna, Congressman Marc Veasey, and FWHCC leaders at the annual gala last night.
Honored to join the Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute yesterday:
Cornyn Measure to Grant Purple Hearts for Fort Hood Victims Included in Defense Bill:
Fox News: Senator Cornyn, American Legion call for Secretary Shinseki to resign in wake of VA failures and deception:
Cornyn Introduces Measure to Ensure Reliable Access to Drinking Water For North Texans:
Cornyn: Majority Running Senate like a Dictator:
VIDEO - Cornyn: VA Scandals Require Urgency and Accountability:
Sen. Cornyn, Colleagues Introduce Senate Resolution In Honor Of 15th Annual National Charter Schools Week:
Cornyn Demands Answers on IRS Bonuses; Introduces Bill To Block Awards:
Waco-Tribune: Cornyn Op-Ed: Death, neglect, broken promises at the VA:
Cornyn: Latest VA Report Requires Immediate Response:
Cornyn Introduces Bipartisan Resolution Commemorating Cinco de Mayo:
Cornyn Calls On Kerry To Push For Immediate Approval of Stalled Adoptions In Congo:
Video: Cornyn Demands Obama Appoint Investigator in Response to Secret VA Wait List
Prayer has united Americans on our nation’s darkest days, but it is also a daily, guiding compass for so many of us as we seek the Lord’s will for our lives.  I would ask that as we mark this National Day of Prayer that we remember our fellow Texans and Americans who have experienced tremendous loss over the past year. Please join me in daily prayer for our men and women in uniform, their families and our veterans who have sacrificed so that we may be safe and free.  May God bless you, and may He continue to bless the Great State of Texas.
Sen. Cornyn, Colleagues Announce Bold Strategic Response To Russian Aggression: 
Video: Cornyn Renews Call for Congressional Hearings on Secret VA Wait List: 
Texas Military Forces' Naturalization Ceremony #CampMabry
NA
NA
Cornyn: Give Ukraine What It Needs 
IRS scandal, day 351
Fox News: Cornyn expresses outrage over reports that 40 veterans died while awaiting care at Phoenix VA, calls for emergency hearings and investigation:
Cornyn Op-Ed in Houston Chronicle: It's time for sexual assault victims to find justice in U.S.
Cornyn Calls For Immediate Investigation Of The VA:
Meaningful reform of our nation's prison system requires a well-thought out proposal for using rehabilitation, jobs, and training to help prisoners re-enter society, not an election-year push with no plan to reduce their risk of becoming repeat offenders.
April 22nd, 2014
DMN: Cornyn seeks to ease backlog of untested rape kit exams:
April 22nd, 2014
Congrats to Coach Popovich: only 3rd coach in NBA history to win Coach of the Year 3 times 
Battle of San Jacinto was fought and won 178 years ago today; Sam Houston, commander of Texian forces went on to be President of the Republic of Texas, U.S. Senator, then Governor of Texas.
Easter is a time for faith, family, and renewal, which makes all things seem possible.
President Obama mentioned the word “jobs” 23 times in his State of the Union Address this year. Yet when presented with the opportunity to create real, quality jobs, with the backing of Democrats and Republicans alike, he scrambles for reasons to avoid it.   The Keystone XL pipeline is the most studied pipeline in history and it’s cleared every major hurdle that’s stood in its way, except for one: a President who talks tough about creating jobs but balks at the chance to do so. It’s time to approve the Keystone pipeline and allow thousands of jobs to come online for Americans looking for work.
April 17th, 2014
April 17th, 2014
Houston Public Media: Cornyn Touts Houston-Based Prison Program, Promotes Reform Bill:
Read more about my legislation to reform the prison system here:
At the Prison Entrepreneurship Program in Houston, which equips inmates with the skills to start their own businesses, provide for themselves and their families, and be upstanding members of society upon release from prison.
AAS: Cornyn Op-Ed: Political Posturing Not Helping American Worker:
Today, Texans’ hearts are heavy as we remember those we lost one year ago in West, Texas.  The people of West have been a model of resilience, and I have been inspired by their ability to come together and help each other rebuild their community.   I ask all Texans to join Sandy and I in saying a prayer today for those who lost loved ones and suffered tremendous loss in the explosion last year.
Cornyn Demands Answers on DOJ’s Proposed Firearm Tracking Technology:
Met last week with Chancellor of Texas Tech University Kent Hance:
Robert A. Heinlein on government overreach: "There is no worse tyranny than to force a man to pay for what he does not want merely because you think it would be good for him.” (h/t AAF)
"The requirement of 'due process' is not a fairweather or timid assurance. It must be respected in periods of calm and in times of trouble; it protects aliens as well as citizens." -- Felix Frankfurter (1882-1965) U.S. Supreme Court Justice Source: Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee v. McGrath, 1951
Still true: "Whatever government is not a government of laws, is a despotism, let it be called what they may." -- Daniel Webster (1782-1852), US Senator
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls For Immediate Passage of Legislation to Help End Rape-Kit Backlog:
April 9th, 2014
Cornyn Honors the Civil Rights Act:
At the Fort Hood memorial service today. To the families and friends of the victims at Fort Hood and, indeed, to all the good people at Fort Hood: Your fellow Americans are thinking about you, we're praying for you, and keeping you close in our hearts during this difficult time.
Cornyn Bill to Ensure Every Military Vote Is Counted Headed to Senate Floor:
Had a great discussion this afternoon with business leaders from Dallas and Fort Worth:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Pays Tribute To The Victims Of Fort Hood Shooting:
Cornyn Introduces Bill To Protect Taxpayers From IRS Targeting:
March 27th, 2014
April 3rd, 2014
Darnall Army Medical Center’s heroic staff shared this note with me that one of our wounded warriors in recovery wrote. I had the honor to thank this soldier on behalf of all Texans today. God bless our troops.
Tonight, Texans’ hearts are once again very heavy. The scenes coming from Ft. Hood today are sadly too familiar and still too fresh in our memories.  No community should have to go through this horrific violence once, let alone twice. I ask that all Americans join Sandy and me in praying for the victims, their families and the entire Ft. Hood community.
Appreciate members of the Texas Farm Bureau traveling to DC for a good conversation today:
A botched law has caused millions of Americans to lose their health insurance. It has forced individuals to sign up for more expensive health insurance or face a penalty. It has resulted in cancer patients losing access to their doctors, and it is slashing full-time jobs across the country. At 1600 Pennsylvania, that’s cause for a celebration. On Main Street, it’s a tragedy.   As the President and Democrats in Congress continue to spin in their alternate universe, Republicans are operating in reality and we’re committed to getting rid of this failed law and replacing it with common-sense reforms that will truly bring down health care costs and boost access for all Americans.
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn Calls For Reauthorization Of Justice For All Act To Strengthen Victims’ Rights & Reduce Rape Kit Backlog:
VIDEO - Cornyn's Questions for Sen. Reid:
VIDEO - Sen. Cornyn Discusses Obamacare Enrollment Deadline on Fox News: 
Cornyn To Reid: Stop Blocking Attempts to Get Americans Back To Work:
Obama Admin.: Deadlines... are made to be broken:
Welcomed Killeen Mayor Dan Corbin and officials to D.C. yesterday for a great discussion:
Cornyn Statement on Decision to List Lesser Prairie Chicken as Threatened: 
Cornyn, Colleagues Call on the President to Cancel All Contracts with Russian Arms Firm:
Government should not be in the business of licensing the news media. Like if you agree: http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Government/2014/03/26/Exclusive-Cornyn-Rips-Schumer-s-Media-Shield-Law 
On American GI Forum Anniversary, Sen. Cornyn Introduces Resolution Honoring Founder Hector P. Garcia: 
VIDEO - Cornyn: Democrats Have Given Up Legislating:
Cornyn: Democrats Should Focus on Creating Jobs, Not Saving Their Own:
Cornyn: Another Day, Another Delay:
Cornyn, Barrasso: Allow Vote on Measure to Speed Up Natural Gas Exports to Ukraine:
Cornyn: Sanctions Alone Aren’t Enough:
I support Hobby Lobby in pushing back against Obamacare’s overreaching contraception mandate because all Texans and all Americans have the right to practice their religious beliefs without obstruction from the federal government.  I joined in filing an amicus brief in support of this challenge to the Democrats’ failed health care law.
March 13th, 2014
Sen. Cornyn Announces North Texas U.S. Service Academies Forum:
NRO Cornyn Op-ed: How to Maximize Our Leverage with Putin:
Texas stands with Ukraine:
NA
NA
Learning about the workforce training programs at Lamar Institute of Technology in Beaumont that are preparing students for quality careers in the petrochemical industry.
Texans Support Ukraine. Show your support here https://www.facebook.com/ppvsp 
Cornyn: Sunshine Week Highlights the Need For Texas Transparency in Washington:
Sen. Cornyn Pays Tribute To Medal Of Honor Recipients: 
AAS: Cornyn: Time to Stop Patent Abuse:
Not sure why I like this quote from EB White, but I do: "Farming is about twenty per cent agriculture and eighty per cent mending something that has got busted. Farming is a sort of glorified repair job."
Most transparent Administration in history? http://bigstory.ap.org/article/us-cites-security-more-censor-deny-records  
"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their consciences." -- C. S. Lewis (1898-1963), British novelist
Economist magazine:  A mini Marshal Plan for Ukraine?
IRS scandal, day 311
Raining in Austin; we never complain about rain
Ukraine asks for military assistance, not boots on the ground, and POTUS sends MREs. Sad.
Had a great discussion with San Marcos officials and Mayor Daniel Guerrero earlier this week:
Cornyn: Stop Cherry-Picking Law To Prop Up Obamacare:
Enjoyed welcoming Texas State Senator Robert Nichols to D.C. yesterday:
Jimmy Fallon: “Thirty Democratic Senators held an all-night talkathon. That sounds exciting. An all-night talkathon on the floor of the Senate last night to highlight the impacts of climate change. Fourteen hours of climate change talk, or as Al Gore calls that, a first date.”
Cornyn Supports Victims Protection Act: 
Looking forward to talking accounabilty - or lack thereof by Obama administration - at CPAC this morning.
Cornyn, Whitehouse Prison Reform Bill Approved by Judiciary Committee: 
NA
Cornyn: Another Day, Another Delay: 
NA
NA
NA
Sen. Cornyn: President’s Budget A Sad Attempt To Clean Up Big-Government Experiment Failures:
Cornyn Honors Texas Independence Day: 
Had a great visit at United High School in Laredo yesterday and got the chance to learn about their new curriculum to prepare students for careers in the energy sector.
Cornyn: Convicted Terrorist Worked As Obamacare Navigator 
Great to be with Richard and Sherry Wright, Dallas Cowboy Jason Witten, and the entire Advocare leadership team this morning in Ft. Worth:
FOX: Cornyn to File Court Challenge on Obamacare:
VIDEO: Cornyn: IRS Should Not Become A Campaign-Finance Regulator:
Cornyn Responds To Reid Claim That Americans’ Obamacare Horror Stories Are False:
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls on Democrats to Protect Seniors:
Cornyn: Stop Taking From Seniors to Pay for Obamacare:
NA
Cornyn: Latest FWS Salamander Decision To Halt Economic Activity:
This week I met with Sixtus Atabong at Grace Clinic in Lubbock.  My office assisted Mr. Atabong’s mother in applying for a medical visa to travel to Lubbock from Cameroon to receive life-saving surgery to treat her cancer.
Got the chance to stop at Monks Coffee Shop in Abilene earlier this week:
Visiting students during my tour of KIPP San Antonio's University Prep High School earlier today and learning the unique approach San Antonio takes to prepare educationally underserved students to excel at top universities:
NA
NA
Sam Houston elected this day in 1846 to US Senate seat I have the privilege of holding
Cornyn Op-ed: White House’s War on the American Worker:
Learning about a new high-tech financial literacy program, EverFi, which is equipping students at Estacado High in Lubbock with important skills for real world financing and planning for their future:
2/11/14
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence." -- John Adams (1735-1826) Founding Father, 2nd US President
Cornyn: CBO Minimum Wage Estimate Reconfirms President’s Big-Government Experiment A Job-Killer: 
NA
NA
Visited Red River Army Depot and TexAmericas Center today and got a chance to see some of their plans for development. Proud of their efforts in support of the defense of our warfighter, our national security, and the vibrant local economy.
Cornyn Statement on the Five-Year Anniversary of Obama’s Failed Stimulus: 
In Texarkana visiting the Red River Army Depot, a critical facility in equiping our war fighters.
In Longview yesterday to meet with local law enforcement and officials to talk about the growing problem of human trafficking in the area, and how we can work together to crack down on this horrific crime and provide protection and support for victims.
Galveston, Longview, Texarkana, Houston, Lubbock, Abilene, then Austin next on Texas travel this week.  See you there.
Snowing big time in D.C.  Look forward to getting back to Texas Friday.
“After five years of out-of-control White House spending, including a jobless, trillion-dollar stimulus, now is hardly the time to give the President carte blanche to continue his spending spree. I voted against raising the debt ceiling because we need sensible reforms to cut down on spending and restrain Washington going forward.”
Cornyn Votes Against Raising the Debt Ceiling:
Sen. Cornyn Welcomes Home III Corps:
Proud to see Texas has become the largest exporter of technology in America.  With $45 billion in tech exports supporting over 330,000 tech jobs in TX alone, TechAmerica rankings have Texas as number one in high tech trade across all 50 states.
Senator Cornyn on Fox: With Every Obamacare Delay, President Violating Oath He Took To Uphold Laws:
Continuing the fight to ensure members of our military always have the right to vote:
Good luck to Houston, TX native @jagarcia23 who will be competing in the 1000m speed skating competition. #TeamUSA
Cornyn: Does Anyone Really Think The IRS Needs More To Do? [video] 
http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsReleases&ContentRecord_id=22a3d1bd-b23a-40be-a6c8-441f70f9c754
Cornyn Video: National Debt is Gambling With Our Future:
Pleased to meet with newly sworn-in Texas Secretary of State Nandita Berry today and discuss our shared commitment to ensuring all military voters have the ability to exercise their right to vote.
Speaking with TX Secretary of State Nandita Berry and military and veteran advocates in Houston about our efforts to put a stop to the disenfranchisement of military voters. We need to ensure every military voter has the ability to exercise their right to vote - one of the most fundamental rights and one they fight to defend every day.
Washington Free Beacon Video: Live By the CBO, Die By the CBO
Cornyn, Colleagues Send Letter to IRS Condemning Employee Bonuses: 
Cornyn: We Have a Moral Obligation to Deal With Our Debt: 
Cornyn Opposes Radical DOJ Nominee:
Cornyn Encourages Energy Secretary To See Firsthand How Energy Renaissance In TX Is Creating Jobs:
Cornyn: CBO Confirms Obamacare Making Economy Worse:
Got the chance to meet Monica Dominguez, an El Paso counselor, who was recently named an ASCA School Counselor of Year finalist.
NA
Cornyn: President’s Late Budget Highlights Disturbing Trend:
You heard it here: Punxsutawney Phil strikes again
Speaking with the Texas Medical Association at their Winter Conference today, I laid out an alternative approach to Obamacare for reforming our health care system that would truly bring down costs, protect the doctor-patient relationship, and boost access to quality health care.
Cornyn: After Latest Report, It’s Time to Approve Keystone
NA
Had the privilege to speak at the Texas Veterans of Foreign Wars Mid-Winter Annual Conference this morning on the need to ensure our veterans are receiving the highest-quality benefits and services.
WSJ: "It would be a sad irony indeed if the signature legislative accomplishment of an Administration committed to reducing income inequality cut living standards for middle-income and low-wage workers."
"Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest." -- Mark Twain [Samuel Langhorne Clemens] (1835-1910)
Cold DC Day. Could go for some Campbell Soup right now. Wish I was in Paris, TX. #TBT
Jan. 28th, 2014
Cornyn: Criminal Navigators Confirm Worst Fears:
Sen. Cornyn reacts to the State of the Union on WOAI:
Honored to meet with Staff Sergeant Alonzo Lunsford, a victim of the terrorist attack at Fort Hood.  It’s time for Congress to pass the Honoring the Fort Hood Heroes Act, so the brave men and women like SSG Lunsford receive the recognition and benefits they deserve.
Cornyn Calls for Reforms to Improve Military Voting:
Cornyn Demands Answers From AG Holder on Texans Targeted By The IRS:
Pleased to share that Honor Flight Houston is sending its first group of 25 World War II veterans to DC to see the war memorials in April. I salute all the volunteers and sponsors who contribute their time and resources to the Honor Flight Network each year. An extremely worthy effort to honor our nation’s heroes.  http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Houston-s-Honor-Flights-to-take-25-WWII-vets-to-5182537.php?cmpid=houtexhcat#photo-5449840 
Sen. Cornyn reacts to the State of the Union on the Edd Hendee show on KSEV: 
President Obama's SOTU will claim his policies strengthen America… we’ve heard that one before: [video]
VIDEO: Cornyn on FOX News: President Has Crisis of Creditability and Competence: 
Cornyn Op-Ed in Breitbart: President Obama’s Credibility Gap
The Texas Tech connection at Sunday's Super Bowl
NA
NA
VIDEO: Obama's Stronger America:
Spoke today in Houston at AIPAC Southwest Region’s annual gathering on the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship.
NA
NA
Had the opportunity to speak with members of the American Shale & Manufacturing Partnership about creating jobs in the energy sector.
NA
Taking a close up look at a T-38 at Sheppard Air Force Base. Always impressed by the second-to-none technology and skills of the airmen and women at Sheppard AFB.
Cornyn Statement on the Southern Portion of the Keystone XL Pipeline Coming Online:
Speaking to the Wichita Falls Chamber about the keys to getting our economy back on track, which starts with doing away with the Obama Administration's burdensome big-government policies that have made things worse over the past 5 years. We need to embrace the Texas model of less government, less regulations and doing all we can to promote energy development here at home to create quality jobs and make us more energy independent.
NA
Cornyn Statement on 2014 March for Life:  "I thank all of the Texans who have traveled to Washington to make their voices heard on this important issue.  I take seriously my responsibility to fight for legislation that protects and defends all human life.  In this past year, I’ve sponsored legislation to protect the unborn, and your presence here today sends a message to lawmakers that every human life ought to be protected under our nation’s laws."
January is National Mentoring Month, and the students participating in Big Brothers Big Sisters at North Dallas High School are a great reminder of what a difference getting involved can make in someone's life.
The Texas Department of Insurance today adopted final state-specific rules for screening Obamacare navigators in Texas. I’m glad to see Texas taking the steps Secretary Sebelius failed to take to safeguard Texans’ personal information. Obamacare presents enough problems for Texans without the risk of a convicted felon handling their personal information. http://www.tdi.texas.gov/news/2014/news20142.html
In Dallas today, Wichita Falls, and the Woodlands tomorrow
Another beautiful day in Austin, Texas
Over the course of the last 20 years, America has benefited from the wisdom and common sense of Tom Coburn's service in the United States Capitol. Tom has been a fearless leader against wasteful spending in Washington. With dignity and purpose, he educates our nation on the fiscal threat in which we live and works tirelessly to correct it. For this and many more reasons, I will be eternally grateful for his service.  As a testament to his strength and character, Tom will serve through 2014. Sandy and I look forward to another year with Tom and Carolyn and wish them peace in 2015 with their children and grandchildren.
Sipping Martinis & Plotting Politics Shows How Out of Touch Obama, Senate Democrats Have Become:
Emails make it clear EPA has it out for domestic energy producers. Read more here: 
VIDEO: Cornyn Slams Obama's Abuse of Power on Fox News:
WASH TIMES: Concealed-carry reciprocity loaded in Congress:
Cornyn Responds to President’s Remarks on the Economy:
Albert Schweitzer - 'the only ones who will be really happy are those who have found how to serve'
Cornyn: Administration Must Take IRS Scandal Seriously:
This morning, I had the pleasure of meeting with Fernando de la Cerda, a Guatemalan diplomat who has been instrumental in helping unite Guatemalan children with their US adoptive parents.
Cornyn Slams White House For Refusal to Bring Transparency to Obamacare:
Cornyn, Brady Op-ed: The Federal Reserve Needs a 100-Year Checkup:
"ALL that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing."  Edmund Burke
Ariel Sharon once said his strength was not derived from political echelons but instead from his family and the fields and the lands of his home. As the son of Russian immigrant farmers, it was these values that developed one of Israel's most defining leaders, who today leaves a legacy built on fierce loyalty and devotion to his country and his people. I offer my sincere condolences to the Sharon family and the people of Israel as we mourn the loss of this exceptional leader.
Cornyn, Colleagues Demand Answers from DOJ on Aaron Swartz Case:
Fighting Human Trafficking in Texas:
Welcomed Harris County Clerk Stan Stanart during his visit to DC this week:
Had a great discussion with Dr. Jerry Johnson, President of National Religious Broadcasters:
Sen. Cornyn Introduces Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act:
Enjoyed meeting with members of Japan's parliament:
Cornyn: Senate Dems Blocking Ideas to Get Americans Back to Work:
Cornyn Backs Amendment Requiring EPA To Report Economic Impact Of Regulations:
NA
Video: New Year, Same Blame Game
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Abandon Failed Big-Government Policies Keeping Americans Out of Work:
Wehner: "[P]eople who gained health-care coverage through Medicaid used the emergency room 40 percent more than those who were uninsured–exactly the opposite of what President Obama promised when selling his health-care plan."
What Washington could learn from states with lower unemployment rates
Ds dilemma: Distract ppl from O-care's failures, by spending money we don't have for "temporary" extension of unemployment compensation beyond 26 weeks.
More from Haskins: "We already spend more than enough money on means-tested programs for poor and low-income people to bring them all out of poverty. There were about 46.5 million people in poverty in 2012, a year in which spending on means-tested programs was around $1 trillion."
Haskins: "Rather than look to government for the complete solution to poverty, we should also focus attention on three factors that are directly linked to poverty and are under the control of individual Americans – education, family composition, and work."
My statement on White House attempt to silence Colorado nuns:  “In a sign that the White House will stop at nothing to save its unpopular and unworkable health care law, now they’re working to silence a group of nuns in Colorado who object to the Obamacare mandate requiring coverage of contraceptive services. It’s an absurd new low for this mandate-happy Administration and an unacceptable affront to religious freedoms and fidelity. We should be concerned about the lengths President Obama will go to force his government-knows-best agenda on the American people.”
I thought POTUS said he would decided on Keystone XL pipeline by the end of 2013.  Did I miss something?
Is this a bad joke? From Center for American Progress, courtesy of Playbook: "[A] large body of research shows that the idea of 'tax flight' is a myth. More progressive tax structures that tax the wealthy at higher rates do not appear to impact migration across states. In fact, high-income workers are the least responsive to changes in the distribution of taxation."
Obamacare, signed into law on March 23, 2010, goes into full effect today
More of the same from the self-proclaimed "most transparent WH in history"
The year's most annoying words?
Texas added 387 thousand residents last year, as per census bureau
Another question for new year courtesy of Sen. Reid: Should Congress raise minimum wage if it results in higher unemployment and higher consumer costs?
A new year, more O-care taxes per WSJ: "ObamaCare includes so many taxes that it's hard to keep track, but one of the worst takes effect on Jan. 1. This beaut is a levy on health insurance premiums that targets the small business and individual markets.  At $8 billion in 2014 and $101 billion over the next decade, the insurance tax is larger than ObamaCare's taxes on medical devices and prescription drugs combined."
Q for the new year courtesy of Sen. Reid: Should Congress continue to borrow $25 billion per year to extend unemployment benefits beyond 26 weeks?
Happy New Years Eve, Eve
Jeff Milligan, director of the VA N. Txs responds to the Christmas card story:        I want to take a moment to explain what transpired so that each of you will have accurate information for yourself or if asked by others.   A local school teacher called the Dallas VA operator and told the operator that her elementary school class had made Christmas cards, and they wanted to give these cards to Veterans at the Dallas VA.  The operator transferred the teacher to an employee in the Service responsible for accepting gifts/donations.  The teacher explained to the employee that her class had made Christmas cards and wanted to give the cards to Veterans in the hospital.  The employee mistakenly told the teacher that we could not accept the cards if the cards had religious words/themes in them.  This was incorrect; we could/can accept such items.   The teacher told her students about the denial.  The students told their parents, and some of the parents called the news media and this turned into a widely viewed news story.   When my office learned of what happened, I immediately had our Public Affairs Officer (PAO) call the teacher and apologize for the incorrect communication.  The PAO told the teacher that we would gladly accept the cards and provide those cards to Veterans.  The PAO also explained what our policy has been and is.  Our Chaplain Service identifies, out of respect for religious diversity, those Veterans who would want to receive the Holiday cards with religious messages, the cards are then distributed to those identified Veterans.    Public Affairs staff, on Christmas Eve, also communicated with other local news organizations to make them aware of the incorrect information initially given to the teacher and our efforts to correct the miscommunication.   As a Patient Centered organization, it is our goal to respect the religious privacy of all our Veterans and adhere to their wishes.    I apologize for the confusion this situation has caused, and I want each of you to know exactly what happened.   Thank you for your service to our Veterans and Best Wishes for the New Year.     Jeff Milligan
Pathetic: VA hospital refuses to accept 'Merry Christmas' cards
McClatchy: “This could be the next shoe to drop, as people don’t realize that if they’re buying a bronze plan, they may have to pay $5,000 out of pocket before it contributes a penny… .”
Happy Boxing Day!
What really matters: Hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas with family and friends
AP headline: "OBAMA ENROLLS FOR HEALTH COVERAGE, WON'T USE IT"
Remember this? IRS Scandal, Day 226
O-care: "The willingness to take large risks with the program’s stability indicates that the administration thinks it has a huge amount to lose -- that the White House is in a battle for the program’s very existence, not a few marginal House and Senate seats."
Headed to Texas.  Merry Christmas one and all.
WSJ: Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew warns of a debt crisis as soon as late February if steps aren't taken to suspend or increase the debt ceiling; what about rising interest rates on the $17 trillion the US already owes?
Video: Senate Democrats Block Cornyn’s Attempt To Restore Military Pensions and Honor the Victims of Fort Hood:
VIDEO: Cornyn: Democrats’ Refusal to Correct Legislative Mistakes Hurts Texas Service Members:
Cornyn Invites Sebelius to Meet With Texans Hurt By Obamacare:
Cornyn, @SenToomey Introduce Bill To End ‘Too Big To Fail’:
VIDEO: Cornyn: Mistake to Not Fix Military Pensions
Senator Reid is refusing to allow the Senate to correct the mistaken discriminatory treatment of the military in the Budget deal.  A big mistake.
Cornyn Introduces Bill To Improve Texas Ports of Entry:
"Take nothing on its looks; take everything on evidence. There's no better rule." -- Charles Dickens (1812-1870) English writer and social critic
When It Snows, Ain’t It Thrilling?  Secretary Sebelius Claims Americans Who Have Had Their Health Care Cancelled Are “Thrilled."
"We've seen several red lines put forward by the president, which went along and became pinkish as time grew, and eventually ended up completely white."  PRINCE TURKI AL-FAISAL, the former intelligence chief of Saudi Arabia, accusing President Obama of indecision on issues in the Middle East.
WP: "The White House systematically delayed enacting a series of rules on the environment, worker safety and health care to prevent them from becoming points of contention before the 2012 election… ."
A year ago today, America stood aghast at the senseless bloodshed in Newtown, Connecticut.  The intervening time can scarcely blunt the grief of those who suffered the most painful loss imaginable. I invite all Texans to take a moment today to remember those 20 first graders who were taken from their families so suddenly.  They will forever exist in the hearts of millions of Americans as smiling portraits of innocence.  We also remember the adults who laid down their lives that day, and we pray that the survivors may find some modicum of consolation in knowing that their nation has not forgotten them.
Harry Reid's Christmas wish list: "[T]here are certain things we need to do before the Christmas break. We need to do those two important bills, the budget and defense. We have to do the chair of the Federal Reserve system. There is an under secretary of state that is very, very urgent according to John Kerry. We have secretary of homeland security -- deputy secretary of homeland security, under secretary of the department of interior, the head of the internal revenue service, and the remaining judge on the DC Circuit."
But how many health care policies have been canceled? Since enrollment started Oct. 1, 365,000 people have signed up on both the federal HealthCare.gov exchanges and the state-run exchanges.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Obamacare Biggest Case of Consumer Fraud Ever:
36 degrees; light rain = federal government shutdown!
Cornyn Introduces Federal Prison Reform Based on the Texas Model:
Great opportunity to participate in the American Exploration and Production Council winter meeting in Houston on Friday:
Headed back to DC for a bumpy two week Senate session
Please help me get to 40K FB likes!  Almost there.
Majority Leader Harry Reid: "under Obamacare, my insurance costs me about $4,500 more that it did before."  I thought it was supposed to lower premiums?
Big Texas vs. Baylor game this afternoon.  May the best team win!
27 degrees in Austin (feels like 19 degrees!)
Pleased to meet with members of The Woodlands Area Economic Development Partnership and hear about the impressive growth and job creation taking place in The Woodlands. This is a community that has fully embraced the Texas economic model of low taxes and limited regulation, and as a result, it has become one of the most desirable places to live, work, start a business and raise a family.
A big Texas welcome to Robert, whose adoption from Guatemala was finalized last month with help from my office after a six year delay.
Enjoyed chatting with Stephen Brotherton, President of the Texas Medical Association:
Nelson Mandela united both his country and the world around the basic dignity owed to every human being.  His unwavering commitment to justice and equality remains a model for each of us.  As we mourn this great leader, let us also celebrate his life and work to carry on his legacy.
Cornyn Praises Passage of House Patent Bill:
Wishing Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty good luck before the big game.
Got the chance to catch up with the Baylor Bears before they headed into practice for their last regular season game.
Cornyn Applauds Move to Enforce Background Checks on Texas Navigators:
Honored to meet WWII veteran Richard Overton, our nation’s oldest living veteran, at his home in Austin today.  Truly a member of the Greatest Generation.
Senator Cornyn joined Trey Ware to talk about Obamacare on KTSA this morning:
Looking forward to visiting Richard Arvine Overton, the nation’s oldest WWII veteran at age 107, at his home in East Austin.
Talking to small businesses owners at The Diner in Tyler, TX to hear how Obamacare is impacting their businesses.
Joined members of the Deep East Texas Council of Government in Nacogdoches today to discuss federal issues impacting rural Deep East Texas and our efforts to curb burdensome federal regulations.
On to Tyler to hear more stories from small businesses on Obamcare and its impact
Looking forward to rural issues roundtable in Nacogdoches, Texas this p.m.
So Obamacare is fixed now that the website has been improved?  Not on your life.
Why would health ins mandate yield different results? WSJ: "An estimated 14% of drivers nationally are uninsured [despite legal mandates], according to the industry... —a chronic problem that states have been unable to solve."
On POTUS's calls for immigration reform, if ppl can't trust O-care promises how can they have confidence this will work as advertised?
Will Harry Reid use "nuclear option" to pack POTUS appointees to IPAB (independent payment advisory board)?
For R alternatives to O-care, see e.g., cornyn.senate.gov and issues/health care: 5 principles for health reform
After website works: Cancelations, sticker shock (premiums, deductibles, co-pays), limits on drs and hospitals, higher taxes… .
Website is least of Obamacare's problems.
WSJ: "Can the government compel a Jewish deli not to be kosher? The radical implication of the White House argument is that the Constitution doesn't apply to commercial activity" [or because of the way it chooses to do business, for example as a sole-proprietorship, a partnership, or a corporation].
Austin's finest at work blocking downtown streets for the Turkey Trot.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours
NA
Hopefully SCOTUS will reaffirm the Constitution protects all Americans, including employers, no matter what form of business organization they may adopt.  The argument that "corporations aren't people" trivializes the real issue, which is one of religious liberty.
GAME DAY FOR HEALTHCARE.GOV - NOV. 30!  By a wave of the magic wand big government will declare the website and O-care problems over.  NOT.
Jay Leno: “President Obama in Los Angeles. Today, he visited the famous DreamWorks studios. Now don’t confuse DreamWorks with ObamaCare. That was a dream that didn’t work. That’s totally different.”
Glad to join Toys for Tots and the Children's Advocacy Center of Tom Green County in kicking off their annual holiday toy drive for children who need our support this holiday season:
AAS: ACC to Trim Some Faculty Members’ Hours to Avoid Health Benefits.  "'The impact of this legislation is that the College will more closely comply with' its rule limiting adjunct faculty members to nine credits per fall or spring semester, they wrote. That’s a workload of three typical classes.  "In addition, they wrote, adjuncts will be limited to 28 hours a week through any combination of teaching and hourly employment. Some adjuncts supplement their teaching with such hourly work as tutoring."
The U.S. Energy Information Administration estimated in 2010 that fossil-fuel subsidies amounted to $4 billion a year; renewable sources received more than triple that figure, roughly $14 billion.
America the exceptional: According to Arthur Brooks the philanthropy monitor Giving USA estimates that U.S. nonprofits and houses of worship received an amazing $316 billion in 2012.
WSJ: "[T]his "interim" accord fails to meet the terms of several United Nations resolutions, which specify no sanctions relief until Iran suspends all uranium enrichment. Under this deal Iran gets sanctions relief, but it does not have to give up its centrifuges that enrich uranium, does not have to stop enriching, does not have to transfer control of its enrichment stockpiles, and does not have to shut down its plutonium reactor at Arak."
Krauthammer: "a deal that is absurdly asymmetric: The West would weaken sanctions in exchange for cosmetic changes that do absolutely nothing to weaken Iran’s nuclear infrastructure."
CS Lewis: "Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron’s cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience."
Pletka: "In short, it is wrong to say Iran has given nothing; Iran has given something, but nothing that halts its progress towards a nuclear weapons capability."
NYT: "The deal does not roll back the vast majority of the advances Iran has made in the past five years… .                             *** It is also a major source of friction between the White House and two allies, Israel and Saudi Arabia, which have made no secret of their belief that they are being sold down the river.  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel has described the terms … as a “bad deal” that does not require Iran “to take apart even one centrifuge.”
Great to be in Corpus Christi today. This season, let's strive to be cheerful givers.
Make that KSKY with Mark Davis
On with Mark Davis, 660 am, KSAY
Where were you 50 years ago today when JFK was shot?
Notwithstanding the provocation, we are not going to be distracted from the evolving trainwreck of Obamacare.  When Ds are ready, we are happy to talk about real reforms that lower cost, improve access and don't interfere with the doctor-patient relationship.
Cornyn Rejects Democrats’ Plan to Target Texas:
The Democrats’ attempt to pivot at a time when we should be focused on protecting the American people from dropped health care coverage makes their true motives clear.  They will do anything to take the attention off the failure that is Obamacare, even if it means breaking the rules of the Senate in a raw exercise of partisan political power.
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls for Passage of Amendment to Support Victims of Fort Hood Terrorist Attack:
Cornyn Demands Obama Terminate Troubled Navigator Program:
Video: Cornyn, Colleagues Highlight Wasteful Government Spending:
PHOTO: Great opportunity from AEI this AM to discuss the future of U.S.-India relations.
VIDEO: Cornyn Introduces Bill to Combat Sex Trafficking
Cornyn Introduces Bill To End Disenfranchisement Of Military Voters:
Happy 34th wedding anniversary to Sandy Cornyn, my wonderful wife
Looking forward to visiting Formula One in Austin today
Cornyn, Colleagues Urge Army To Reconsider Medal of Honor for Colleyville Resident & WWII Hero Jim “Maggie” Megellas:
Cornyn, Colleagues Highlight Key Concerns over Iran Nuclear Offer:
WH threatens veto of "if you like what you have you can keep it."  Can you say: veto override?
When NYT editorial pans POTUS there has been a seismic shift
The only fix for O-care is to scrap it and start over.
So, POTUS now thinks it is OK for insurers to continue selling "substandard" plans.  At least for one more year.  Then you lose what you like after the next election.
Leno: “Well, at a press conference earlier today, President Obama talked about HealthCare.gov, and he said buying health insurance is never going to be as easy as buying a song on iTunes. Well, the answer is simple. Fire the website people and hire the people from iTunes.”
Sen. Cornyn Statement On National Adoption Month:
PHOTO: Great talking to State Rep. George Lavender from District 1 yesterday.
Cornyn: Hard-Working Texans Are Not the President’s Puppets:
The U.S. imported less crude oil than it produced in October, according to the Energy Information Administration, the first time in 20 years it has met that threshold.
VIDEO: Cornyn Demands Dismantling Of Obamacare Navigator Program:
Read the stories from Texans who've shared with me how Obamacare has impacted their health policies.  How is Obamacare affecting you?
In Houston yesterday supporting Charlie and all the others out there fighting type 1 diabetes.
Cornyn: Navigator Program Should Stop Immediately:
We can do better than Obamacare
Liberal groups outspend conservatives
50K signed up in exchanges; 4 million get cancellation notices.
Honored to participate in a ceremony awarding the French Legion of Honor Medal to Texas veterans of the Greatest Generation who served in France during the war.
Thanks to all our veterans.  Please know you are never alone.
This Veterans Day, I am reminded of so many Texas veterans who have served and sacrificed on our behalf.   It is often said, "Texas defends America." Perhaps no other state has contributed as much to the defense of our nation over the course of American history. It is a legacy that Texans are deeply proud of, and it is an honor that we as Texans hold dear to support and care for our service members, our veterans and their families.     This Veterans Day I hope we are each reminded to value the freedoms and way of life these brave Americans fought to secure. And I hope we can show our gratitude and support to our veterans and the greater military community, not just on Veterans Day, but on every day of the year.
Enjoyed being w/ Fort Bend Chamber last night with great business and local leaders like Judge Hebert. and in-coming Chairman Barry Beard
Playbook: "YA CAN'T MAKE IT UP: N.Y. Times stuffs the apology on A12 (with an A1 refer)"
Apology enough, or do you expect POTUS to do more for those tens of millions of Americans who will not "be able to keep what you have" because of Obamacare
Far more cancellation notices for existing health care plans than sign-ups in state exchanges
Obama apologies but won't admit the full extent of expected cancellations: “We’re talking about five percent of the population who are in what’s called the individual market... .” Not the whole truth: tens of millions will also lose their employer-provided coverage
Cornyn Calls On Sebelius To Resign:
VIDEO - Cornyn: Fixing a Broken Website Won’t Fix Broken Promises
I joined Laura Ingraham this morning to talk about the problems with Obamacare.
Just read the story of .@kenbrielhearn1 by @jonmarkbeilue. Thank you Kenbriel for serving as an inspiration for all Texans.   http://amarillo.com/news/local-news/2013-11-06/run-no-other-teary-touchdown-transcends-competition
Here's my interview with Megyn Kelly on Obamacare from last night:
Happy 95th Birthday to the Rev. Billy Graham, a man who has lived life with conviction. “I trust Jesus with all my tomorrows." -Billy Graham
Happy Birthday to WWII veteran Derwood “Woody” Beard, who turns 95 years young this week. A birthday party was held in his honor tonight at the local McDonald’s in Keller, TX, where Woody meets with friends daily to play dominoes. He was joined by his wife of 72 years, Sylvia. We are forever grateful to Woody and his fellow members of our Greatest Generation.
Talking Obamacare with Megyn Kelly tonight circa 9 p.m. ET
VIDEO: Sebelius tells Cornyn: It's "Possible" Obamacare Navigators Could Be Convicted Felons:
Sec. Sebelius says hold her accountable for Obamacare broken promises; I do.  She need to resign.
HHS Sebelius testifying on Obamacare in Senate Finance Committee shortly
Obamacare hangover: Gallup Nov. 2-4, 2013: Obama approve 39%, disapprove 53%
"The true promise of the ACA is now clear: 'If you like your current health plan, tough luck; you will buy a plan with coverage the federal government has decided you must have.'”
Cornyn: Texans Suffer from Obamacare Broken Promises:
Sen. Cornyn Marks Anniversary Of Fort Hood Terrorist Attack:
Cornyn Asks For Texans’ Feedback: When It Comes To Your Health Care, Are You Able to Keep It?
On FOX discussing Harry Reid's D.C. Circuit Court power grab:
Yikes! 1st Website problems, then millions can't keep HC they now have; followed by higher prices and deductibles; and employers are incentivized to drop current coverage... .
Talking O-care and court packing by WH w/ Shannon Bream circa 1 p.m. ET
Kudlow: "As a 60-something, relatively healthy person, I don't want lactation and maternity services, abortion services, speech therapy, mammograms, fertility treatments or Viagra. I don't want it. So why should I have to tear up my existing health-care plan, and then buy a plan with far more expensive premiums and deductibles, and with services I don't need or want? Why? Because Team Obama says I have to. And that's not much of a reason. It's not freedom."
O-care isn't insurance
Court packing?  What else do you call POTUS's attempt to add 3 unneeded judges to DC Circuit in order to rubberstamp his ideological agenda?
On Greta last night discussing why Congress shouldn't get a special Obamacare carve out:
COGC & ATR Applaud Introduction of National Tax Transparency Act:
POTUS claims credit of deficit reduction caused by $600 billion tax increase he demanded and spending caps he hates.
Junior Texan Will Lourcey’s work providing meals to hungry children is an inspiration to all.  Congrats on being inducted in the Caring Hall of Fame.
Cornyn Bill to Protect Victims of Sexual Assault Passes Judiciary Committee:
Cornyn, Johnson Introduce A National Tax Transparency Act Following the Texas Model:
Will O-care actually increase # of uninsured because of ppl who can't keep what they already have and like?
Information for Those Affected by Severe Weather in Texas:
O-care roll out is evidence that central planning and federal government takeovers don't work.
POTUS has shifted the argument: From you can keep your health ins if you like it to if you lose your health ins under O-care it must be "substandard."
Michael Barone: Between 1970 and 2010 the population of New York state increased from 18 million to 19 million. In that same period, the population of Texas increased from 11 million to 25 million.
"I think a major reason why intellectuals tend to move towards collectivism is that the collectivist answer is a simple one. If there’s something wrong, pass a law and do something about it." -- Milton Friedman (1912-2006)
NYT's quote of the day" "Hold me accountable for the debacle. I'm responsible." KATHLEEN SEBELIUS
Adam Smith: "The statesman who should attempt to direct private people in what manner they ought to employ their capitals would not only load himself with a most unnecessary attention, but assume an authority which could safely be trusted, not only to no single person, but to no council or senate whatever, and which would nowhere be so dangerous as in the hands of a man who had folly and presumption enough to fancy himself fit to exercise it"
My op-ed at NRO:
Cornyn: “Whatever” & “I Didn’t Know” Not The Answers The American People Deserve:
Spoke this a.m. in Senate on Defense Department's bad idea to buy $1 billion in Russian helicopters for the Afghan military.
Federalist 51: "In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself. A dependence on the people is, no doubt, the primary control on the government; but experience has taught mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions."
Listen: Sen. Cornyn discusses Democrats court packing with Bill Bennett this AM:
Cornyn: D.C. Circuit Should Not Be Used For a Power Grab:
"Stand your ground" laws the subject of hearing in Senate Judiciary subcommittee just now, but preliminary question is: what is federal role?
O-care passed on a party-line vote when Ds controlled WH and Congress.  Did Ds really expects Rs to remain silent when voters gave us divided government and a chance to weigh in?
Sebelius on O-care: “This is no longer a political debate; it’s the law of the land.” Doesn't she know that Congress, with enough votes, can repeal, amend, and/or defund "the law of the land"?
Sebelius in TX: If she is still confused about who she works for & isn't ready to answer q’s, may as well not visit.
Photos from my visit to SafePlace in Austin:
NA
Cornyn: A Six-Week Delay Won’t Get Obamacare Ready For Primetime:
Cornyn Applauds House Move Towards Patent Reform:
Cornyn Op-Ed: A Time for Republican Unity
VIDEO: Working for our Veterans and Military During the Shutdown:
Offering support and raising awareness for victims of domestic abuse at SafePlace in Austin.
 
 SafePlace provides emergency shelter to victims of domestic violence and their children and is doing incredible work to put a stop to domestic violence through safety, healing, prevention and education. October is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Let’s stand together to say ‘NO MORE’ to domestic violence.
BLS: % population in work force declined from 65.7% to 63.2% since Pres. Obama took office
POTUS suggests O-care's website is only problem, but when website is fixed there will be no excuses for unworkable O-care.
Interesting map of cyber attacks worldwide
How US debt has changed under every President since JFK
POTUS sez you can get O-care questions answered in 150 different languages - is English one of them?
POTUS is calling on the private sector to bail out Obamacare implementation is telling - big government is not the answer!
Cornyn: What's the Price Tag For Obamacare's Tech Surge?
IRS scandal, day 164
Fast and Furious isn't going away
Debt: $17 trillion and counting
Cornyn Voices Concerns Over DHS Nominee:
POTUS acts like he is not part of it when he says "that the public has grown 'fed up' with its government"
With shutdown over and debt fight postponed focus will turn to disastrous Obamacare rollout, then sticker shock and more broken promises.
From staff: Today, Sen. Cornyn voted against the clean CR and debt deal.   For over 5 years, Pres. Obama has sat on the sidelines while our economy has remained stagnant and our debt has nearly doubled. Year after year, the President has pledged to deal with our fiscal crisis and has done nothing but stick his head in the sand.  Sen. Cornyn is hopeful that in the coming weeks and months we can do what the President has repeatedly failed to do: address our long-term spending problems.
Sen. Saxby Chambliss on Senate floor explaining why we shouldn't treat terrorists as ordinary criminals or just put them on kill lists
Call Harry Reid and D Senators and tell them that if they think Obamacare is so great, then eliminate the congressional carveout exempting Congress.
House Republicans argue that if Obama and Senate Democrats are going to force the American people to live under ObamaCare, they should not be shielded from the law.
House proposal would eliminate O-care subsidies for Congress and WH
House Republicans looking to go on offense in spending and debt fight.
PHOTO: Happy to meet students from Veritas Christian Academy at our nation’s capital today.
Just when you think POTUS couldn't stoop lower, he goes to food bank to make partisan atttack rather than leading efforts to negotiate a solution to budget impasse.
The markets aren't buying POTUS's chicken little talk.
Where is POTUS on shutdown talks? Taking direction from Harry Reid?
Ramussen: Due to shutdown "[t]here have been hints that Social Security benefits might not be paid in full.   That would certainly get the public's attention. But is the president really ready to tell people that there is no trust fund and that the government's been lying about it for seven decades?"
From an President who promised the most transparent administration in history?
Obama/Reid seeks to raise debt ceiling to $17+trillion: it was $10 trillion when he took office.
Cornyn: No Clean Debt Limit Increase
Blank check "clean" $1T debt hike denied by Senate.
Big vote in a.m. on Obama's request for blank check for "clean" debt ceiling increase.  No way.
VIDEO: Cornyn: No Blank Check For President Obama
My thoughts on WH mtg: Could have been a productive conversation; instead was a predictable lecture from POTUS that didn't lay out new path.
Headed to WH at POTUS's invitation for a "conversation" not a "negotiation," or at least so POTUS claims.
Is POTUS finally beginning to negotiate?
President's spokesman calls bill to restore death benefits to military families "not necessary." I say it's our moral obligation. Read more: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsReleases&ContentRecord_id=ed3390a0-987a-4b97-b111-29526d0f0b37
Pleased Democrats decided to join Republicans to make sure families of fallen troops get the support they're due.
WH: "Pentagon told lawmakers before the shutdown that the death benefit payments ... would be cut off during a shutdown." But they won't say when the president was first told that death benefits would not be paid.
"Clean" Continuing Resoultion and Debt Ceiling = Blank Check
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Needs to Govern, Not Campaign Perpetually
We should be united in the need to do right by our military families. Senate must pass House bill to immediately restore death benefits to families of fallen service members. http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=fc515805-7c2e-419b-b112-a5a1aab6a745
With a "clean" debt ceiling increase President Obama will have added more to the publicly-held debt (+$6.6T) than all the previous presidents combined ($6.3T).
68% or $7.2 trillion: if "clean" debt ceiling is passed, this is the amount the national debt will have increased under President Obama
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Wants to Max Out Credit Card by Another $1 Trillion
Such a great privilege to welcome these WWII heroes from Ft. Worth to DC
VIDEO: Cornyn to Obama: No Clean Debt Limit Deal
The President and his D allies are the only ones talking about default
Cornyn: President Obama, Tell Americans How Much More Debt You Want Them To Pay Off:
Pres. Obama was a senior lecturer in constitutional law, but did he forget about checks and balances between 3 co-equal branches in US Constitution?
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Needs to Roll Up His Sleeves and Get to the Table
Discovered another reason why WH likes the "shutdown" other than it thinks it is "winning."  The Congressional Budget Office won't publish reports due to lapse of funds.  Guess the WH thinks no news on fiscal matters is good news.
Weird: every time Rs say "negotiate," Ds say "default!"
Impasse result of those who prefer business as usual  in DC vs those who believe current trajectory of spending and debt threatens our security, our economy, and our freedom.
Republicans got $2 trillion in spending cuts (over 10 yrs) in the last debt ceiling negotiations with the Budget Control Act.  Is that why POTUS is so reluctant to negotiate again?
Truly amazing that MSM gives POTUS a pass on sitting at negotiating table with co-equal branch of government.  Have they given up on him?
America doesn't have a king.  By not doing his job and working with Congress, POTUS is apparently fine with slow economy, high unemployment and due in large part to high debt and O-care.
Headed over to Meet the Press studio to talk about spending, debt, and Obamacare as the biggest threats to jobs, freedom, and economic recovery
POTUS could use this refresher course on the Constitution
In midst of shutdown, POTUS makes this bold move: "Obama open to name change for Washington Redskins"
Has President Obama poll-tested: "I won't negotiate"?
Another diff b/t govt and private sector: the former tries to maximize inconvenience and hardship to get its way
Difference between now and 2011: POTUS knows Rs got $2 trillion in spending cuts over 10 years with the Budget Control Act.
POTUS dealt in 2011 on debt limit
I am honored to deliver the Weekly GOP address
Check out Niall Ferguson in WSJ: The Shutdown Is a Sideshow. Debt Is the Threat
President Obama isn't a king; Art. 1, US Constitution makes Congress a co-equal branch.  His only response: "I won't negotiate"  What is that all about?
VIDEO: Honored to visit with TX World War II vets at their memorial today:
James Baker III notes there have been 17 shutdowns since 1976
WSJ: (POTUS must disavow) a senior administration official: "We are winning...It doesn't really matter to us" how long the shutdown lasts "because what matters is the end result."
WSJ: a divided Congress that passed the 2011 debt-limit increase included the Budget Control Act which aimed to reduce the deficit by $2.4 trillion over 10 years and included the automatic budget sequester that kicked in on Jan. 1.
WSJ: 28% say "the debt ceiling should be raised when necessary, with no conditions."
WSJ: 6 out of 10 Americans say "it is right to require spending cuts when the debt ceiling is raised, even if it risks default," according to a Sept. 26 Bloomberg poll.
POTUS: on CR, will not negotiate; on debt ceiling, will not negotiate.  Maybe he should go to Asia.  Not contributing to solutions here.
Wash Times: Senate Dems Block Reopening of NIH, National Parks:
Cornyn: "The House has offered numerous proposals only to be given the Heisman:"
POTUS cancels trip: will he engage or continue to refuse to negotiate/lead?
If POTUS won't negotiate, hasn't he rendered himself irrelevant?
Why is POTUS campaigning instead of meeting with Congressional leaders to break the impasse?  And now, he plans to leave for an trip to Asia on Saturday.
All clear lifted in the Capitol. My staff and I are OK and grateful for the wonderful work of the Capitol Police.
Reid Blocks Funding for Vet Programs, Parks:
Cornyn Calls For Opening War Memorials For Veterans; Democrats Block:
I just tried to pass bill to keep war memorials open on Senate floor. Democrats objected.
Tx Trib: Cornyn, Cruz Among Lawmakers to Forgo Pay:
Surreal: WH issues veto threat for cancer research funding at National Institutes of Health
Most of government operating on automatic spending; real test is the debt ceiling.  Coming up mid-October.
PHOTO: Honored to award the Purple Heart posthumously to Hospital Corpsman Third Class Kenneth C. Davis:
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls on Obama to Cancel Trip, Democrats to Pass Targeted Funding Bills:
Senator Durbin complained about shutdown at National Institutes of Health.  Will he join Republicans in reopening it?
Looking forward to greeting Honor Flight DFW at their visit to WWII Memorial on Friday.
POTUS shared the pain: shortens planned 4 nation trip to 2?  How about Oval Office meeting with congressional leaders?
Obama/Reid shutdown: all because they refuse to apply O-care to Congress and give workers same break as employers?
After Houses Ds block funding for Veterans and War Memorials, House leadership will seek to override.
Risk to Obama/Reid on shutdown intransigence: will most Americans even notice difference in their everyday lives?
Obama/Reid strategy: maximize shutdown inconvenience/hardship.  How has "shutdown" impacted you?
WH advisor: "Sit back and watch."  Just a thought: how about doing your job?
MIA: President Obama on government partial shutdown
Sen. Cornyn Calls On Congress And President Obama To Open War Memorials and Monuments:
Cornyn: Time for President Obama to Overrule Harry Reid:
[video] Cornyn: Democrats Reject Reasonable Proposals to Keep Government Open:
Once again, Harry Reid and President Obama clearly want a shutdown
Harry Reid and Senate Ds to reject latest House effort at a conference at 9:30 a.m. ET
Vote on tabling on now
Reid will move to table House amendments as soon as they get to the Senate, circa 9:15 p.m.
It is obvious: Reid and Obama want a government shutdown
Can't believe Harry Reid making red state Ds up in 2014 walk the plank over congressional carveout from Obamacare.
Talking Obama/Reid shutdown: On the record w/ Greta Van Susteren at 9 p.m. CT
So POTUS calls Congressional leaders 5 hours before shutdown?  Too little, too late.
Why is Harry Reid blocking a vote on one-year delay on individual mandate, while President has given businesses a one-year delay on employer mandate?
Why is Harry Reid going to block a Senate vote on Congressional carveout for Obamacare?
Why is Harry Reid running out the clock toward a government shutdown?
House tries again: House Rules Committee just reported out their rule to add Vitter language and 1-year mandate delay on a party line vote.  Best guess is the House can consider the rule around 6:30-7, after an hour of debate.  Vote on passage of the amendment 8:00-8:30 PM at the earliest.
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Obama is Missing in Action:
Will Harry Reid reject good faith House offer of one year delay in individual mandate and reversal of congressional carveout from Obamacare and take us another step closer to a government shutdown?
Harry Reid just took one more step toward a government shutdown by tabling House amendments to Continuing Resolution
Zero, zip, nada: What President Obama has done to stop a government shutdown.
Cornyn: “Instead of taking a day off, Reid should call Senators back to Washington and pass the common sense legislation to delay Obamacare.”
Why is Harry waiting to vote on House Continuing Resolution amendments on O-care, Medical Device tax, and funding our troops?
Will Harry Reid take this up? "The House unanimously approved a separate bill to ensure that unformed military personnel would continue to be paid during that shutdown."
The Hatch/Klobuchar device tax repeal amendment got 34 Democrat/Independent votes during the budget debate, and 37 House Democrats voted for repeal last year.   Yet Reid's comments suggest Senate Dems will vote no when it really matters. This is surprising since his entire leadership team (except Leahy) voted for repeal and 4 members of leadership sent Reid himself a letter calling for delay. Hagan and Shaheen also signed.
Cornyn on House vote: "Conservatives...[will take] decisive action to keep govt open, delay law not ready for primetime, & repeal job-killing tax w/bipartisan opp in Senate."
Cornyn on vote tonight: “If Senate Dems force shutdown by refusing these reasonable proposals...will be clear who real extremists are.”
[Audio] Senator Cornyn Discusses Obamacare Vote:
VIDEO: Cornyn to Democrats: Do You Really Want to be Responsible for Killing More Jobs?
[VIDEO] Cornyn: I Will Vote To Defund Obamacare:
According to Congressional Research Service, here's what happens to Obamacare if cloture vote fails and govt shuts down: "It appears that substantial ACA implementation might continue during a lapse in annual appropriations that resulted in a temporary government shutdown for two reasons.  The first is that the federal government will be able to rely on sources of funding other than annual discretionary appropriations to support implementation activities, including multiple-year and no-year discretionary funds still available for obligation as well as mandatory funds.  The second reasons, which is covered in more detail in the answers to several of the other questions, is that agencies may continue to perform certain types of activities that fall under exceptions to the Antideficiency Act, which generally prohibits continued operations in the absence of appropriations."
Cornyn: No Obamacare Exemptions For Federal Employees:
Cornyn: "Until we can defund, repeal or replace it, everyone in the country ought to be treated exactly the same."
Cornyn: "Congress should never exempt itself or the federal government from a law it forces onto the American people. "
Democrats just blocked consideration of the following amendments to the defund Obamacare CR:   Senator Vitter: Unanimous Consent -- Called up Vitter amendment #1983 (No Washington Exemption from Obamacare). (Tester objected).   Senator Toomey Unanimous Consent -- There be 3 VOTES on: 1.      Toomey amendment #1971 (repeal medical device tax); 2.      Toomey amendment #1972 (delay individual mandate); and                3.   Toomey amendment #1973 (protect religious freedom). (Tester objected)   Senator Coats: Unanimous Consent -- There be a VOTE on: Coats amendment #1979 (delay individual and employer mandate). (Tester objected).
All Americans (including Congress should be treated the same: Just agreed to co-sponoser Rand Paul's amendment to put all federal employees on Obamacare exchanges if we are not successful (yet) in defunding, delaying, or repealing Obamacare?
Just asking: How many of you are for shutting down the government even if it doesn't defund Obamacare?
Killing the House defundit bill would not kill Obamacare, just the opposite.  Why would I vote against a bill I am for?
Chron: Cornyn Criticizes Signing of UN Arms Treaty:
Cornyn Blasts IRS After Tens of Millions in Taxpayer Dollars Go Missing:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn on Fox News: Democrats, Defund or Double-Down on Obamacare?
"Kerry’s signature on the Treaty is the latest attempt to trounce on the constitutional rights of law-abiding Texans.”
Senators Who Opposed Obama On Syria Tell President to Get Tough on Iran:
"Passing bipartisan House and Senate defunding bills is a better strategy than no vote at all." http://www.chron.com/opinion/outlook/article/Cornyn-Bipartisan-legislation-is-the-best-way-to-4843007.php
Cornyn: "For those Dems who insist on riding this train wreck of a law over the cliff, they will have to stand in front of their constituents."
My OpEd in today's Chronicle on how we can defund Obamacare w/just 51 votes: http://www.chron.com/opinion/outlook/article/Cornyn-Bipartisan-legislation-is-the-best-way-to-4843007.php
Cornyn: "This is a unique and rare opportunity to defund Obamacare with a simple majority - 51 votes.'
Cornyn: Democrats, Defund or Double-Down on Obamacare?
On UN Arms Treaty: I’d like to see the UN try to send inspectors to the Texas State Rifle Association’s annual gathering
Will Red State Democrats Defund or Double Down on #Obamacare ? [audio]:
Calling in to Edd's show on KSEV Houston in 5 mins too to talk ab fight to defund Obamacare: http://v5.player.abacast.com/v5.1/player/index.php?uid=6089
Calling in to KTSA in a few mins to talk w/Trey Ware about defunding Obamacare: http://imgsrv.ktsa.com/image/ktsaa/UserFiles/File/stwSimplePlayer/SimplePlayer.html
VIDEO: Cornyn: Will Red State Democrats Vote to Defund Obamacare?
VIDEO: Cornyn: Only Way to Effectively Stop Obamacare is to Dismantle it Entirely
“Nearly four years ago the Democrat elite rammed through the President’s $2.6 trillion, 2,000 plus page takeover of health care under the cover of night with the help of special sweetheart deals like the Cornhusker Kickback and the Louisiana Purchase."
Cornyn to Support Bill to Defund Obamacare:
DMN: Cornyn Pledges to Support Bill to Defund Obamacare:
I intend to support the House bill that defunds Obamacare and will vote against a bill that funds it.
Not performing as promised
In case you missed it, watch 'Gone to Texas' & see what I did last month:
“As the son of a World War II pilot who spent time as a Prisoner of War, I am especially grateful for the sacrifices made.  My prayers continue to be with the families of those who are missing, and I pray for them and their loved ones."
In Austin with local crime victims' advocates announcing the Stop the Sale of Murderabilia Act to prevent murderers and prisoners from profiting off their notoriety through the sale of items such as letters and artwork.
"As we honor and remember those Americans who have spent time as Prisoners of War and those who remain Missing in Action, I extend my deepest gratitude for our military personnel and veterans."
Cornyn Statement on POW/MIA Recognition Day:
Krauthammer is right
Watch @KVUE’s heart-warming story of Texas family’s long-awaited adoption of their daughter from Guatemala. Happy to have been able to help in bringing this family together at long last with 6-year-old Vania.
VIDEO: Cornyn Presses Democrats for Long-Term Spending Reforms:
5 year anniv of #Keystone application, time for POTUS to approve. No reason to delay this job-creation project any more.
Truth is POTUS has been playing reckless political games with the economy for 4 1/2 years: Republicans in Congress Are Playing Reckless Political Games with our Economy," by Amy Brundage, a Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary
Honored to meet w/Debbie & Rob Smith to discuss next steps to protect rights of violent crime victims.
As co-chair of US Senate India Caucus I enjoyed by visit with US Ambassador Nancy Powell to discuss US-India relationship
WP: 4 Pinocchios for President Obama
Happy 66th Birthday, USAF! Great to meet 3 of “Outstanding Airmen of the Year”:
Cornyn: No Special Deals for Anyone on Obamacare:
Cornyn: "Until we can repeal & replace [Obamacare], everyone ought to be treated exactly the same. No special deals."
Fox News: "When it comes to a government shutdown, it may depend on who is holding the ball at the end," said Rep. Steve Southerland, R-Fla.
Reuters: U.S. lawmakers ask Holder to back probe into Russian helicopter program:
Sen. Cornyn Sponsors Resolutions Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week:
Offering my sympathies to victims of Navy Yard tragedy and their families on Senate floor shortly.
NA
Cornyn Demands DOJ Investigation Into Contracts With Russian Firm Arming Assad:
Cornyn Statement on Constitution Day:
"The report makes for chilling reading. The findings are beyond doubt and beyond the pale. This is a war crime."  BAN KI-MOON, secretary general of the United Nations, on confirmation of the chemical weapons attack in Syria.
SAEN: Cornyn Bill Would Target Domestic Human Trafficking:
KDH: Cornyn Measure to Honor Nov. 5 Shooting Victims Not Just 'Feel-Good' Bill:
"All of this initiative does not interest us. Russia is a partner with the regime in killing the Syrian people. A crime against humanity has been committed, and there is not any mention of accountability."  GEN. SALIM IDRIS, a rebel leader, on an agreement that calls for Syria's arsenal of chemical weapons to be removed or destroyed.
Honored to visit with American hero @MarcusLuttrell in San Antonio. Look forward to seeing his movie “Lone Survivor” when it comes out.
In San Antonio announcing "Justice for Victims of Trafficking
 Act," legislation to boost support for and protection of victims of human trafficking:
Watch “Gone to Texas” and RT to see what I did across TX last month:
Cornyn Says Syria's Biological Weapons Also Pose Threat:
Politico: Cornyn Pushes Kerry to Focus on Syria's Bioweapons:
Cornyn Sponsors Amendment To Delay Obamacare Mandates:
Cornyn Demands Disarming Syria of Bioweapons:
Sec. Kerry needs to expand negotiations to include bio-weapons, too.
To suggest that WH brought Assad to bargaining table by threat of an "unbelievably small" military strike defies reality.
James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, and John Jay - authors of the Federalist Papers - would not qualify as "journalists" under misguided "media shield" bill that passed Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday.
WSJ: GOP Sen. Cornyn to Oppose Summers as Fed Chief:
I oppose as conflicting with the First Amendment a "media shield law" that would allow the federal government to classify who is a "legitimate" journalist and who is not, like bloggers.
PHOTO: U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) met with Mexico Ambassador Medina Mora today to discuss the concerns over Mexico’s failure to meet the targets for water deliveries required under the 1944 Treaty, which govern water-sharing of the Rio Grande:
Cornyn, Colleagues Introduce New Bill To Support Victims of Fort Hood Shooting:
Corpus Caller-Times: Cornyn Announces Opposition to Military Action in Syria:
Putin is a big part of the problem in Syria, not the solution
DMN: Cornyn to Introduce Bill Tomorrow to Help Fort Hood Victims:
"I cannot support an operation that is so poorly conceived, so foolishly telegraphed, and virtually guaranteed to fail.”
Cornyn Denounces President’s Poorly Conceived Syria Plan:
Cornyn: Only way Assad will leave power "is in a pine box."
Just announced on Senate floor I will vote No on the Syria resolution. Pres. failed to make the case.
El recuerdo de ese día nunca caerá en el olvido. #NeverForget http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=2fd9bed6-ac0d-40db-b398-26f2fb4c282c
Today, our hearts are heavy as we remember the attacks on American soil just 12 years ago.  Nearly 3,000 Americans lost their lives, many in the attempt to save others from harm.  Their acts of courage stay with us, inspiring every American as we have rebuilt from that day.   We keep the families of the victims in our prayers, as well as the service members, intelligence professionals, and law enforcement personnel—including so many Texans— who have served and sacrificed since that fateful day to keep us safe.   We keep our promise to never forget and vow to remain vigilant to ensure the safety and security of all Americans.
12 years ago - 9/11; one year ago - Benghazi: we will never forget
POTUS asks for time to vet Russian proposal on Syrian chemical weapons; no votes on authorization likely this week
PHOTO: Great to have @AmericanCancer join @SenTedCruz and I for Texas Tuesday Coffee this morning:
So now we are asked to trust Putin and Assad?
Looking forward to what POTUS has to say at lunch meeting today and tonight in his address to the nation
On Syria, in order to convince Congress POTUS first needs to convince the American people
Enjoyed speaking to Texas Society of Anesthesiologists yesterday about common sense health care reforms after Obamacare fails.
So what happened the 1st-10th times Assad crossed this red line? "Kerry ... said US intelligence can prove Assad has used chemical weapons at least 11 times... ."
Enjoyed a good lunch at Schoepf’s BBQ in Belton
Fox Rio 2: Sen. Cornyn Talks Balance Between Border Trade, Security [VIDEO]
CW39: Harris County Officials Campaign to Help Combat Sex Trafficking:
KSAT: Sen. Cornyn visits Eagle Ford Shale [VIDEO]
Monitor: Cornyn, Cuellar Talk Border Issues in Mission:
President Barack Obama will address the American people on Syria from the White House on Tuesday, he announced Friday.
Hard to believe I was there: "Richard Nixon was the first sitting POTUS to visit present-day Russia, traveling to Moscow in '72."
Still waiting for POTUS to make the case to the American people for military intervention in Syria
PHOTO: With Congressman Cuellar and a number of local officials and business leaders in Mission, TX talking about the keys to achieving a smart border and ensuring safe, robust trade with Mexico, which is responsible for millions of US jobs.
Hearing the latest on the plans for the South TX medical school that will bring economic development, educational resources, and boosted health care access for residents and students in South Texas.
Got some good questions today at the energy town hall in Carrizo Springs.
In the heart of the Eagle Ford Shale in Carrizo Springs, TX. Energy boom here is creating red white and blue jobs, opportunity and remarkable economic development for the region and state.
When is POTUS going to make the case for military intervention in Syria to the American people?
POTUS: The international community cannot be silent on Syria.  2 questions: what is this "community" and why are they largely silent?
PJ Media: Now that Hasan Trial Over, TX Lawmakers Revive Push to Designate Shooting as Terrorism
In Houston @cachoutx with Mayor @anniseparker, Judge @edemmett, and others to announce the
 "Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act," legislation that will boost support and protection for victims of sexual assault.
POTUS says WMD attack "not my red line."  Please.
AP: Plan for Human Trafficking Bill to be Discussed in Houston:
NA
Dallas Morning News: West’s Signature Festival Reveals Snapshot of Town Life:
Attended WH meeting with POTUS and classified briefing on Syria today.
Killeen Daily Herald: Lawmakers Introduce Bill to Reclassify 2009 Shooting as Terrorism:
Great AEI resource on Syria
KENS 5: Lawmakers to File Bill to Give Benefits for Ft. Hood Victims:
Star-Telegram: West Polkas Past Its Pain, at Least for One Weekend:
NA
Cornyn Calls on President to Address Nation on Syria:
Privileged to join w/my friends Reps. Carter & Williams to intro Honoring Fort Hood Heroes Act. Bill rightly declares attack as act of terrorism & ensures victims and families receive same benefits as those in combat overseas.
Headed back to D.C. tonight for WH meetings on Syria on Tuesday.
Headed to Ft Hood Monday
12664 people have considered questions they would ask POTUS about his request for congressional authorization for use of military force in Syria.  How about you?
KWTX Waco: Abbott, Cornyn Attend WestFest:
Post the questions you have for POTUS on his request for a congressional authorization to use military force in Syria.
President Obama's proposed congressional authorization for the use of military force in Syria
PHOTO: Inspiring to see the resilience of the people of West as we celebrated Westfest today. A true example of the Texas spirit. Was privileged to present replacement war medals to longtime resident Robert Fleming who lost his medals in the explosion.
Today I'm calling on Pres. Obama to bring Congress back for a vote before any military action in Syria
NYT: He should know - "Mr. [Ryan] Crocker said, is to figure out a response that leaves the Syrians, the region and the United States in a better position rather than entangled in another messy conflict with an uncertain outcome."
Colin Powell's speech on WMD in Iraq bears remarkable resemblance to John Kerry's comments on WMD in Syria.  What the WH needs to explain is:  How does this end?
POTUS: Action in Syria would be "limited, narrow."  But would it be effective?
Fox: Lawmakers Renew Push to Label Fort Hood Terror, Give Victims Benefits After Hasan Sentence
Almost 4 years after passage of Obamacare, more than 30 million Americans uninsured for health care for more than 1 year.
Cornyn on new WH gun actions: "The President’s end-around Congress to impose new gun control measures flies in the face of Texans and the American people."
DMN: Hasan Trial Over, Cornyn, Carter, Williams Prepare to Push Bill for Victims:
POTUS planning to consult with Congress on conference call Thursday on his plans for Syria
Austin #1
Chron: Cornyn Demands that Obama Consult Congress Before Syria Military Action
Read Sen. Cornyn's full statement on Syria here:
Cornyn: "Before any action is taken regarding Syria, it's imperative that President Obama make the case to the American people & consult w/Congress."
10 quotes from Mother Teresa on her birthday
I think MLK would agree with Gov. Jindal
Construction jobs in Texas booming
W.R. Mead:  "The White House made five big miscalculations about the Middle East. It misread the political maturity and capability of the Islamist groups it supported; it misread the political situation in Egypt; it misread the impact of its strategy on relations with America's two most important regional allies (Israel and Saudi Arabia); it failed to grasp the new dynamics of terrorist movements in the region; and it underestimated the costs of inaction in Syria."
On press freedom, POTUS & Holder say one thing publicly, say the opposite in court
Someone ought to tell Eric Holder: In Texas, as a share of the voting-age population, voter turnout in 2012 was higher among blacks (63.1 percent) than it was among whites (60.9 percent)
Red lines & credibility: "White House: 'Very little doubt' chemical weapon used by Syria regime against civilians."
“Fort Hood has long been a source of pride for all Texans, and the heroes who put themselves in harm’s way on that fateful day deserve to be recognized for their sacrifice whether overseas or at home."
“We must turn our attention to ensuring that the victims of this horrible tragedy and their families receive the full honors and benefits bestowed upon soldiers who are wounded or killed in overseas combat zones.”
"The victims and families have had to wait for far too long for today’s decision, but I hope they can take some relief in today’s outcome as they and the entire Fort Hood community continues to grieve."
Cornyn Statement on Fort Hood Verdict:
"Facts mean little to a politicized Justice Department bent on inserting itself into the sovereign affairs of Texas"
"We deserve the freedom to make our own laws...not to be insulted by a Justice Department committed to scoring cheap political points.”
CBS: "John Cornyn fired back saying...'we reject the notion that the federal government knows what's best for us.'"
Krauthammer: The choice in Egypt
Sen. Cornyn Discusses Texas Voter ID Laws and Justice for Ft. Hood Victims on KPRC:
Chron: John Cornyn Blasts Justice Department’s Move to Block ID Law:
FLASHBACK (Video): Cornyn tells AG Holder to Resign:
Cornyn Response to Texas Voter ID Lawsuit from Justice Department:
Cornyn: "Texans deserve the freedom to make our own laws and we deserve not to be insulted by an Admin committed to scoring cheap political points”
Cornyn: "As Texans we reject the notion that the federal government knows what’s best for us."
Cornyn on voter ID suit: “Facts mean little to a politicized Justice Dept bent on inserting itself into the sovereign affairs of Texas"
Cornyn Demands Justice, Discusses Bill for Fort Hood Victims on KTSA:
Sen. Cornyn Demands Justice for Ft. Hood Victims on KLBJ:
This young man, Mitchell Marcus, and another El Paso student, Jonathon Montanez, made national headlines earlier this year with a remarkable moment shared on the basketball court. Read the uplifting story here: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TexasTimesWeeklyColumn&ContentRecord_id=1acf43b3-436c-4774-b951-9a21a88cd313
El Paso Times: U.S. Sen. John Cornyn Hears Plea from El Paso Leaders About Border Wait Times:
DMN: Texas Gains People — And Their Income
DMN: TX Sen. Cornyn Seeks Bill to Help Fort Hood Victims:
PHOTO: In El Paso discussing the keys to a smart border, including boosted security and efficiency at our ports of entry to ensure safe trade with Mexico--our third largest trading partner--a relationship that has created nearly half a million Texas jobs and millions more across the country.
PHOTO: Good discussion on key issues with conservative leaders in North Texas yesterday:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Fort Hood Shooting Victims, Families Deserve Full Compensation, Benefits:
Enjoyed meeting with Tea Party leaders and GOP chair Dianne Edmondson in Denton yesterday to discuss rangee of issues from immigration to repealing Obamacare.  Off to El Paso to discuss "smart borders".
PHOTO: As a TX history buff, enjoyed meeting with the Texas State Historical Association at UNT in Denton:
PHOTO: Great being at University of North Texas discussing the growing demand for STEM educators:
Great to speak with Paul at Elliott's Hardware in Dallas
Just bought my new Texas Super Combo hunting and fishing license with Federal Duck Stamp online.  Very convenient.
NRO: The Good Sense of Voter ID
Obamacare navigators: "Paid $58 per application and $25 per annual renewal, these navigators will gain access to Social Security numbers, tax information and other sensitive personal information. They will not have to undergo background checks. The Department of Health and Human Services will not verify their employment histories. Nor will HHS check to see if they have criminal records."
Keeping Texas Red: Headed to Midland, Texas today for a Republican Party of Texas regional training session.
Meet Vania, a newly minted Texan. Humbled to have helped her adoptive family bring her to TX from Guatemala after 5 yrs of delays
Great meeting today with folks from the Texas travel industry. Over 1 million Texans employed by travel-related businesses.
Can't go wrong at Texadelphia
Cornyn Op-Ed: Obamacare and the Rule of Law:
Two phrases you don't see together much: Obamacare and the Rule of Law
Cornyn: Admin’s Misplaced Priorities Impede Meal Service For Wounded Warriors At Walter Reed:
We need a border security plan from WH and metrics to determine effectiveness; unbelievable it doesn't yet exist.
More Fast & Furious guns surface at Mexican crime scenes; Holder and Obama still claim executive privilege stymying Congressional investigation
George Will compares Obama to Nixon
"I will now tell you what I do not like. First, the omission of a bill of rights, providing clearly, and without the aid of sophism, for freedom of religion, freedom of the press, protection against standing armies, restriction of monopolies, the eternal and unremitting force of the habeas corpus laws, and trials by jury in all matters of fact triable by the laws of the land, and not by the laws of nations. ... Let me add that a bill of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government on earth, general or particular; and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference." -- Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826), US Founding Father, drafted the Declaration of Independence, 3rd US President Source: December 20th, 1787, Jefferson letter to James Madison about his concerns regarding the Constitution.
Calling 154K Texans for tele-townhall tonight, mainly in North Texas area.  If you want to join, call 877-229-8493 ID 13281#
Cornyn Op-Ed: Long Border Entry Wait Times Hurt Our Economy:
Obama's unkept promises on premiums in O-care
Obama campaign manager Jim Messina: “My favorite political philosopher is Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson once said everyone has a plan until you punch them in the face. Then they don’t have a plan anymore.” Quoted in Dan Balz's new book, Collision 2012
Cornyn: Make Delays Permanent:
Know how your privacy will be protected in O-care health care exchanges?  Neither does the Federal Government.
Despite WH efforts to undo sequester, discretionary spending/deficits down; long-term debt dangerously high
Another O-care delay; why not delay for everyone?
Sen. Johanns on why a new spending "sequester" may be on the horizon
Why Pres. Obama's proposed reforms for Fannie and Freddie are incomplete
Sen. Reid exposes his preference for a single-payer health system
Positive step forward for West, TX as family moves into first fully rebuilt home. via @dallasnews http://www.dallasnews.com/news/west-explosion/headlines/20130809-west-officials-celebrate-as-family-returns-to-citys-first-rebuilt-home.ece
While snubbing Putin, POTUS should cancel this boondoggle defense contract with Russia too
Big Government Knows Best?  Obama Forming “Nudge Squads” To Shape Americans’ Behavior:
My op-ed in the Houston Chronicle: Obama's Economic Plan Continues Tepid Recovery:
Good news for TX families. Tax-free weekend comes early this year. #backtoschool http://www.window.state.tx.us/taxinfo/taxpubs/taxholiday/d/
The Hill: Cornyn: 'Politicized' Justice Dept. Has Offended Texas:
Muchas felicitaciones to my friends at @univisiondallas as they celebrate their 25th anniv today. Oldest & largest Spanish-language TV station in N Texas.
My op-ed in the Austin American-Statesman: Voter ID Protects Voter Equality:
As the Hasan trial finally gets underway, am hoping for a swift trial and justice at long last for the those wounded or killed and their families. Via @airforcetimes, the stories of the 13 killed at Fort Hood.
Cornyn on the Fort Hood victims: “They've had to live day in day out re-living this event and not being able to bring this to closure."
Cornyn: Cancel All Contracts With Russian Firm Arming Assad:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Someone to Speak For and Protect Sexual Assault Victims:
DMN:  More Obamacare premium shock: The Society of Actuaries (professionals who analyze the financial consequences of risk) took a detailed look at the cost of individual and small group insurance policies marketed across the country, and projected that in Texas, they estimated the monthly premium for the average individual policy would go from $249 in 2013 to $333 in 2014 under the Affordable Care Act.
Enjoyed my tele-townhall meeting last night with folks in the 26th Congressional District of Texas, ably represented by Congressman Michael Burgess
Tragedy of jobs numbers: quarter of million more Americans have quit looking.
Drip, drip, drip of IRS scandal.
My record fighting Obamacare
The Hill: Cornyn Calls on Senate to Block IRS Role in Obamacare
After House Votes to Remove IRS from Obamacare, Cornyn Calls for Senate Vote:
Great pick in Michael O'Rielly for the Federal Communications Commission
VIDEO: On the Senate Floor, Democrats Preserve IRS’s Power to Enforce Obamacare:
Cornyn: West Victims Need Assistance, Not Another Working Group:
Sen. Hatch asking important questions about IRS scandal investigation on the Senate floor.
No American - even the head of the IRS - should be subjected to ObamaCare:
If IRS Chief doesn't want Obamacare, he shouldn't enforce it either. Calling on IRS to endorse my bill to remove them from Obamacare:
Just voted to block another bloated spending bill on floor, which called for more taxpayer-funded spending than even Pres. asked for.
Cornyn on Snowden asylum: "Despicable...Putin loves nothing better than giving America and this president a thumb in the eye.”
On KLBJ talking about defunding, repealing, dismantling, and delaying Obamacare
Instapundit: FAILING UPWARD: Leader of ATF During ‘Fast and Furious’ Fallout Confirmed as New Director. Sen. John Cornyn: “What could have been an opportunity for the President to bring competent leadership to a department wrought with mismanagement is instead a signal from the top that reckless behavior is not only permissible in his administration, but rewarded.” Yeah, pretty much.
IRS scandal grows
Harry Reid gets 4 Pinocchios.
Good news on student loan rates
PHOTO: Enjoyed kicking off the first meeting of the Texas Shale Caucus with Rep. Cuellar:
LISTEN: Senator Cornyn on Edd Hendee Discussing the Most Effective Way to Defund Obamacare:
I talked with @Joetalkshow ‘Pags’ about the most effective way to defund Obamacare.  You can listen here:
Cornyn Praises Defense Budget Cutting Funds for Russian Arms Firm Supplying Assad:
Coming up at 5:33 CT, hear my interview with @Joetalkshow ‘Pags’ about the most effective way to defund Obamacare:
"For Republicans, any tax increase is a non-starter. 'That kills it,' Cornyn said. 'We're not going to do that.'"
PHOTO: Great meeting with Texas students from the American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation & American Legion Boys Nation:
"Ending sequestration would produce short-term benefits to the economy, but CBO notes it could hurt us in the long run. "If the spending reductions under current law were reversed, that policy would lead to greater federal debt, which would eventually reduce the nation's output and income below what would occur under current law," CBO writes. "Moreover, boosting debt above the amounts projected under current law would diminish policymakers' ability to use tax and spending policies to respond to unexpected future challenges and would increase the risk of a fiscal crisis (in which the government would lose the ability to borrow money at affordable interest rates.)"
Love being at airport at 5:19 am. NOT.
IRS scandal: Day 80
For something completely different: Baylor grad, RGIII's knees, and their prospects this NFL season.
RIP: Kidd Kraddick, who entertained millions of Texans for 20+yrs & made life's mission to bring hope to terminally ill children & their families
RIP: George P. Mitchell, who turned hydraulic fracturing from an experimental technique into an energy-industry mainstay, making it possible to pump oil and gas from once untappable rocks and unleashing an energy boom across the U.S.
Movie "42" a shocking reminder of were we were and how far we have come
AEI: 8 ways Obama could jumpstart the economy
Latest attack by Obama administration against Texas called "a strong partisan move for national Democrats."
VIDEO: Cornyn Counters AG Holder's Attack on Texas Voting Laws on NBC Nightly News:
Obama and Holder messing with Texas
So much for, "if you like what you have" in HC, you can keep it under Obamacare
OpEd in Roll Call: Keeping the IRS Out of Your Health Care
Voter ID in Texas is FREE!
Do you agree with Eric Holder that voter ID discriminates against legal voters?  US Supreme Court doesn't.
Phoney scandals?: Benghazi, Fast & Furious, IRS, $17 T debt, soaring unemployment, train wreck health care plan, etc., etc.
VIDEO: Cornyn Responds to AG Holder Targeting Texas Voting Laws:
Bloomberg: Top Democrats Demand Tax Increase in Challenge for Baucus:
USA Today: GOP lawmakers want to block federal bailout for Detroit:
TPM: Cornyn Slams DoJ 'Bullying' of Texas Over Voting Laws:
SAEN: Holder takes aim at Texas in challenge to voting rights case:
PHOTO: Great meeting with Mayor Richard Garcia of Edinburg, TX:
"This decision has nothing to do with protecting voting rights and everything to do with advancing a partisan political agenda."
“Texans should not – and will not – stand for the continued bullying of our state by the Obama Administration.”
Cornyn Responds to Justice Announcement on Texas Voting Laws:
The Hill: Cornyn pushes amendment barring Detroit bailout:
Cornyn Announces Amendment to Bar Taxpayer Bailout for Detroit:
PHOTO: Great speaking to the TX delegation of Christians United for Israel yesterday:
My op-ed in Roll Call: Keeping the IRS Out of Your Health Care:
Jay Leno: “The Obama Administration admitted this week that under Obamacare you might not be able to keep your doctor. First, the President guaranteed you would be able to keep your doctor. Now, they’re saying you might be able to keep your doctor. In fact, today, the President was forced to change his slogan from ‘Yes We Can’ to ‘Perhaps We Could Try. We can’t promise anything.’”
Cornyn Urges President to Focus on Human Rights in Vietnam:
So the WH press secretary thinks the IRS matter is a "phoney scandal"?
Politico: GOP Senators Target IRS on Obamacare:
Roll Call: Cornyn Tries to Block IRS from Implementing Obamacare:
Iranian sanctions working? The Central Bank released the 1936-2012 inflation statistics, reporting that inflation increased 200% between 2009-2012. Last month’s inflation rate stands at 45.1% in comparison to last year.
Cornyn Introduces Amendment to Prevent IRS From Enforcing Obamacare:
CNS News: Cornyn: $46B Immigration Bill 'One of the Most Massive Wastes...in History of Fed Gov:'
VIDEO: Cornyn: By His Own Measuring Stick, Obama’s Big Government Experiment a Failure
TIME: Despite Rhetoric, VA Claims Backlog Continues to Ebb:
Student loan fix may not pass with D majority in Senate
Obamacare = part-time work for those seeking full-time
VIDEO: Cornyn: Obama Policies, Not Speeches Damage Our Economy:
The Hill: Cornyn Blames Obama for Creating a 'Generation Debt:'
I support a bipartisn, market-based student loan plan that will lower rates for approx. 650,000 Texas students.
Free Beacon: Cornyn, House GOP Says Senate Immigration Reform Soft on Border Security
Cornyn: House Should Pass Smart Border Security Reforms:
WATCH LIVE: Testifying on border security before the House Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security:
Cornyn, Cruz Announce Application Process for Texas Judgeships Invite Qualified Attorneys to Seek Appointment for Vacancies in Southern, Eastern, Western Districts WASHINGTON – U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) today announced that they are accepting applications for six judicial vacancies in Texas. The Senators have established a bipartisan panel of leading attorneys in Texas to help identify the most qualified candidates to fill these vacancies. This panel, known as the Federal Judicial Evaluation Committee, will review applications, interview candidates, and make recommendations to the Senators. The vacancies are in the Southern (Houston, Corpus Christi, Brownsville), Eastern (Sherman, Texarkana) and Western (San Antonio) Districts.
Cornyn, Cruz Announce Application Process for Texas Judgeships:
KXXV: Cornyn Calls VA Claim Backlogs 'National Disgrace'
Happy Birthday, Bob Dole: from Playbook - ROBERT JOSEPH DOLE was born 90 years ago today in Russell, Kan . He earned two Purple Hearts, then became a Kansas House member, Russell County attorney, U.S. House member, senator, Senate majority leader, Senate's longest serving Republican leader, RNC chairman, presidential nominee, champion of the Americans with Disabilities Act. President Clinton, awarding Leader Dole the Presidential Medal of Freedom, in the East Room in 1997: "one of our nation's most distinguished World War II veterans, who has spent the last 50 years of his life building America ... [D]uring a fierce fight in Italy's Po Valley, Second Lieutenant Bob Dole was going to the aid of a fallen comrade when a shell struck him down. He would bear the burden of that terrible injury from that day forward. His recuperation was long and uncertain. Yet Senator Dole turned adversity to advantage, and pain to public service."
Stew says: "The President gave his first economic speech at Knox College in June 2005. At the time, the unemployment rate was at 5 percent with 7.5 million unemployed (BLS). When he gives his latest economic speech there on Wednesday, it will be with an unemployment rate of 7.6 percent and 11.8 million Americans unemployed (BLS)."
IRS scandal, day 73
Why Congress must require a Special Victims Counsel for military victims of sexual assault
Detroit shrunk: "Detroit isn’t bankrupt because the city wasted a bunch of money on a particularly ill-conceived project or investment. Detroit is bankrupt, most fundamentally, because its population has shrunk to less than 2/5 of its peak, and its tax base has shrunk more than accordingly."
Can you say "overregulation?"
House revamps and passes eduction reform legislation; when will Senate get to education reform?
Universal coverage under Obamacare?: Currently, 23.7% of 18- to 25-year-olds are uninsured, compared with 28.0% in the third quarter of 2010. The uninsured rate for 26- to 64-year-olds, though, has been rising since 2009, now at 19.6%. It was in the 15% range during most of 2008.
Cornyn Demands Action From White House On Unacceptable VA Backlog:
PHOTO: In Austin hearing from TX groups about efforts to fight VA backlog through public-private partnerships:
PHOTO: Pleasure to meet with Dr. Ben Carson yesterday:
POTUS cherrypicking news on Obamacare rate shock: "For example, while Obama pointed to a reduction in premiums in New York state, state officials in Ohio say the average premium proposal for individual coverage next year is up 88 percent from this year’s average price as reported by the Society of Actuaries. In Maryland, CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield proposed a 25 percent increase in premiums next year, after first seeking a 50 percent increase."
Noonan: "The IRS scandal was connected this week not just to the Washington office—that had been established—but to the office of the chief counsel."
Gone to Texas
VIDEO: Cornyn: Labor Leaders Feeling Obamacare Buyer's Remorse:
Obamacare: a lemon before it rolls off the lot #Lemoncare
Cornyn Applauds House Vote to Permanently Delay Obamacare:
Just voted against moving forward w/ nomination of Tom Perez to be Labor Secy.
Cornyn: President Threatens to Veto His Own Proposal:
Chron: Cornyn Accuses IRS of 'Serious Breach of Faith' Over Targeting of Conservatives
Cornyn: Obama's 'Faceless, Nameless Bureaucracy' Ignoring Laws:
Cornyn Marks Signing Of S.B. 24:
Cornyn: IRS Targeting Creates Culture of Mistrust:
PHOTO: Great meeting with Mayor Brian Loughmiller and officials from McKinney:
"Cornyn signaled that the floor fight over Jones may turn into a proxy debate over gun rights:"
Harry Reid as Chicken Little: Fact is President Obama has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only 4 defeated, none a member of the cabinet.  The sky is not falling.
KETK Tyler: Cornyn Joins Perry in Appealing President's Denial of West Disaster Aid
Odessa American: Midland Federal Courthouse Renamed:
104 degrees in Austin
Failing to learn the lessons of Obamacare, that purely partisan measures will not work, Sen. Reid prepares to double down on the Nuclear Option, which disenfranchise the minority.
PHOTO: Great to speak at the ceremony to rename the federal courthouse in Midland after George H.W. and George W. Bush:
Cornyn, Cruz Vote Against Obama ATF Nominee; Cornyn Says Jones Would 'Infringe' on Texans' 2nd Amendment Rights:
My latest video on the failures of #Obamacare:
Does this give anyone 2nd thoughts about govt price fixing? DC lawmakers voted to raise the living wage to at least $12.50 for large retailers this week, causing Wal-Mart to pull plans on opening three new stores in the district.
DMN: Cornyn Urges EPA to Back Off Air Pollution Rule:
Cornyn Opposes ATF Nominee With Troubling Track Record:
Surreal: Sen. McConnell offers to vote on 12 Obama nominees and Sen. Reid objects.  Can you say, "manufactured crisis"?
VIDEO: Obamacare: Broken Before it Even Begins:
Team Cornyn beat the now infamous IRS "Cheetahs" tonight 17-2. We were able to get the game in before the storm
Cornyn, Colleagues to Obama: Partial Obamacare Delay Does Not Go Far Enough:
Changing the Senate Rules by breaking them: "Not only would that put some of the more moderate Democratic Senators up for re-election in 2014 — Mark Begich, Mary Landrieu, Mark Pryor, Kay Hagan — into a tough spot — but, because the House is Republican-controlled, that legislation would die in the lower chamber. People like Begich, Landrieu etc would have to walk the political plank for not all that much."
Chron: Cornyn Believes 'Lawless' President is Watching Obamacare Implode
VIDEO - Cornyn: We Need a Permanent Delay on Obamacare:
Cornyn Calls on EPA Nominee to Work For, Not Against Texas:
New FBI director nominee Comey now testifying before Senate Judiciary Committee
Under Governor Perry’s leadership, Texas has been a shining example that less government, lower taxes and fewer regulations helps to grow jobs and move our economy forward.  It’s a striking contrast to the big government, big spending, liberal mindset of the current Administration.
Sandy and I wish Gov. Perry and Anita the best, and I look forward to continuing to work with him on behalf of 26 million Texans.
The remarkable, inspiring story of Sen. Mark Kirk and his stroke recovery
AP: Cornyn, Schumer Move to Tighten Rules on States for Getting Absentee Ballots to Soldiers Abroad:
For Sam Houston fans:   9 p.m. Thursdays through July 25. Channel 18. www.klru.org.  The local PBS affiliate will broadcast “Sam Houston: American Statesman, Soldier and Pioneer,” a production of the Sam Houston Project, three Thursdays in July starting July 11. The documentary, all about the man who remains the only person in American history to have served as the governor of two states, features interviews and historical insights from current and former politicians, such as Senator John Cornyn and Governor Rick Perry. There are also period reenactments shot on location.
Rich Galen: "The U.S. Government announced that the Employer Mandate part of ObamaCare could just wait until January 1, 2015 instead of its scheduled launch on January 1, 2014.  It would have taken less time (3 years, 7 months) to defeat Japan in World War II than to implement ObamaCare (3 years, 9 months)."
"Liberty is not collective, it is personal. All liberty is individual liberty." -- Calvin Coolidge (1873-1933), 30th US President
NA
NA
NA
As our nation marks its 237th birthday, I join in celebrating this Fourth of July.  As Texans, the independent spirit that defines this country is rooted in our very being.    I remain deeply grateful for our forefathers who fought to create our great nation, and for the brave men and women who continue that fight today.   May God bless Texas, and the United States of America.
Cornyn to Introduce Legislation To Improve Voting Process for Military and Overseas Voters:
Cornyn Calls on HHS Secretary to End Fundraising for Obamacare:
Congressman Trey Gowdy on prospects for immigration reform in the House of Representatives
Midland Reporter-Telegram: Fish & Wildlife Service Delays Decision on Lesser Prairie Chicken:
DOD Moving Forward with $771.8 Million Purchase of Aircraft that the Afghans Cannot Operate and Maintain
Heartwarming story.  Check it out.
McConnell, Cornyn Urge NFL, Other Leagues Not to Promote Obamacare
The Hill: GOP Senate Leaders Warn NFL, NBA Against Promoting Obamacare:
Top GOP Senators Warn Prof. Sports Organizations Not to Work With Sebelius on Obamacare:
Cornyn, Carter Request Six Month Extension for Salamander Decision
Smart words from Senator Deb Fisher
Cornyn: "The voters in Texas have spoken. We passed a constitutional amendment embracing traditional marriage."
"Sen. Cornyn sent a letter to the National Right to Life convention underscoring his support."
PHOTO: @SenTedCruz and I making good on NBA Finals bet w/Florida senators:
Immigration Bill Riddled with Pork:
Red Alert Politics: Cornyn Slams Immigration Reform as 'Business as Usual' in DC
Vote on final passage of Senate immigration bill likely this afternoon, circa 4 p.m.
Speaking on immigration reform on Senate floor circa 11 a.m. ET
Desperation for a deal on immigration can lead to a bad deal.  We can do better
My op-ed on why I'm voting against the Gang of 8 bill:
PHOTO: Proud to carry on a tradition & present @SenTedCruz w/collection of photos of past TX senators who held his seat:
VIDEO: Cornyn Addresses De Facto Earmarks in Immigration Bill:
SAEN: Brady, Cornyn Try to Kill the Death Tax:
Cornyn Responds to New Obama Climate Policies:
Cornyn Joins Effort to Repeal Death Tax:
VIDEO: Cornyn on the consequences of passing ill-considered immigration reform:
PHOTO: Great meeting with the Texas delegation from the National Association of Manufacturers:
DMN: Cruz and Cornyn Vote 'No' on Corker-Hoeven Border Security Plan
VIDEO: Cornyn: This is 'Not Democracy,' It's a 'Dictatorship':
Breitbart: Cornyn Rips Harry Reid on Amnesty Rush: This Is 'Not Democracy,' It's 'Dictatorship'
NRO: Cornyn: 'That's Not Democracy...That's a Dictatorship:'
Cornyn on border security 'surge:' "Same old Washington song and dance."
Cornyn on Democrats' refusal to allow amendments to immigration bill: this is a democracy, not a dictatorship
Cornyn, Cruz Lead Conservative Push Against Border Security 'Surge:'
PHOTO: Pleased to speak at the State Bar of Texas Association's annual luncheon:
PHOTO: Good meeting with Texas Tech president Dr. Duane Nellis:
PHOTO: Great to speak with the Austin Chamber of Commerce last week:
NRO: Cornyn Will Oppose Corker-Hoeven:
Cornyn to Oppose Hoeven-Corker Amendment:
Will oppose Corker-Hoeven amendment. Same tired approach of crafting a piece of legislation that does nothing more than throw money at the problem simply won’t cut it.
On pending Corker-Hoeven amendment, "Meissner called the approach “detached from the reality on the ground,” saying it would make more sense to invest in creating “a modern 21st-century border, which includes enforcement but also trade and travel and facilitating crossing and reducing waiting time.”John Whitley, a former DHS planner, said one problem is a lack of reliable DHS data to show which border-security measures have worked. Whitley, senior fellow at the Institute for Defense Analyses, said, “We should look at what we’re trying to achieve — at the outputs instead of the inputs. Otherwise, seven years from now we’ll be sitting around saying we don’t know which bits work and which bits are wasteful.”
No CBO score by vote time?: The lack of a CBO score of Corker-Hoeven is troubling. The amendment makes sweeping changes to mandatory spending in the bill, largely by boosting general fund transfers from $8.3 billion to $46.3 billion. It empowers the Secretary to unilaterally raise penalties/fees to help cover these costs. More discretionary funding may be needed to finance new border security measures and employment verification. New restrictions on benefits may alter mandatory spending in the bill.
Double counting Corker-Hoeven savings: proponents claim it reduces the deficit by $197 billion/10 years, and have used this number to justify the large spending increases, about $50B. But this requires double-counting $211 billion in “off-budget” revenues that will be needed to pay for Social Security benefits when the newly-legalized retire in the future. In other words, this revenue can either pay for new spending in the bill/reduce the deficit, or pay for entitlements in the future, but it can’t do both (without writing the Social Security Trust Fund an IOU). A more accurate accounting of the base bill shows that it will increase the on-budget deficit by at least $14.2 billion over the next decade.
NA
Do you trust this WH to implement the border security "surge"?
A 500% spending increase? The Corker-Hoeven amendment increases spending on the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Trust (CIRTF) from $8.3 billion to $46.3 billion.
Early reports are "border security" amendment now a complete substitute for base bill, touching all aspects of immigration debate, and 1000+ pages long.  Harry Reid schedules 5:30 pm vote Monday.  Let the reading begin.
York: Immigration Reformers Embrace Once-Unthinkable Expansion of Border Personnel:
Politico: "The answer to their problem turned out to be simple: throw money at it."
"The Cornyn amendment [was] the leading choice of conservatives demanding tighter enforcement measures."
"Obama told Schumer that [Cornyn's] 90 percent trigger was unacceptable:"
Rio Grande Guardian: TBC Saddened to See Cornyn's Border Security Amendment Die:
New Cornyn Education Bill Aims to Bring Schools to ‘A-PLUS’ Standards:
VIDEO: Cornyn Questions Hoeven-Corker Border Security Amendment:
NRO: "The Senate voted to table an amendment from Senator John Cornyn that would have strengthened the border-security requirements in the immigration-reform bill and created a hard “trigger” that must be met.."
AP on my amendment: "The Senate rejected an attempt by [Sen. Cornyn] to delay legalization until any border security improvements were proven effective rather than merely deployed."
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking this morning at the National Hispanic Prayer Breakfast:
Proud to support Sen. Lee’s border security amendment on the floor just now.
Daily Caller: Cornyn: Immigration Bill is 'Dead on Arrival' in House:
Just voted to stop Democrats from blocking Sen. Paul’s Trust but Verify amendment
The Hill: Cornyn: Senate Immigration Bill is 'Dead on Arrival in the House:'
VIDEO: NBC: Cornyn - Amnesty in Gang of Eight's Bill Like '1986 on Steroids:'
KVUE Austin: Texas Senator Sponsoring Resolution Honoring Juneteenth:
Cornyn: CBO Estimates Gang Bill Only Reduces Illegal Immigration by 25%:
Cornyn Statement on Juneteenth:
PJ Media: Cornyn: Obama Wants Us to Believe Funding Assad's Arms Supplier is a Security Interest:
Border security at heart of immigration debate
Cornyn Slams Latest Pentagon Contract with Russian Firm Arming Assad Regime:
The Hill: Cornyn Demands Pentagon Cancel Contract with Russian Arms Dealer:
Just voted for Sen. Vitter’s amendment to implement a biometric entry and exit system.
Just voted for Sen. Thune’s amendment requiring completion of the 350/700 mile fence.
If BP Chief says Gang guarantees situational awareness & 90 percent apprehension then how is my amdt ‘a poison pill’?
VIDEO: Cornyn: Border Security Rhetoric Impressive, Results Pathetic:
Cornyn: “Many of our colleagues don't want a real trigger when it comes to border security. Above all, they want a pathway to citizenship"
Entire Texas Congressional Delegation met with VA Under Secretary for Benefits Allison Hickey about unacceptable backlog of VA disability claims and to brainstorm ideas on how to clear it.
PJ Media: DoD Awards $572 Million Contract to Assad's Main Arms Supplier:
Chron: Cruz, Cornyn Blast Obama at 'Faith and Freedom' Event:
On immigration: trust us?  Or trust but verify?  Count me out on the former.
"I cannot accept, your canon that we are to judge pope and king unlike other men, with a favorable presumption that they do no wrong. If there is any presumption, it is the other way against holders of power ... Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." -- Lord Acton [John Emerich Edward Dalberg Acton] (1834-1902), First Baron Acton of Aldenham
Happy Father's Day to all fathers
Regrettably, enforcement of law is exclusive province of executive branch, i.e., Holder and WH, so those hoping for enforcement of our immigration laws, including border security, will have a 3 1/2 yr wait till they are gone.
RESULTS reduces state and local govt costs by fully compensating for assistance in detaining criminals here illegally #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS improves current ports of entry by allowing the GSA to enter into public-private partnerships #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS requires DHS to create real metrics for border security that measure actual outcomes #resultsnotpromises
Lots to celebrate today.  Happy 238th birthday to the US Army, and happy Flag Day.  Thanks to all the brave men & women who serve.
PHOTO: Great meeting Wesley Cossick, the NFIB Young Entrepreneur Award Recipient:
RESULTS cracks down on human trafficking by increasing penalties and targeting drug cartels and human smugglers #resultsnotpromises
Looking forward to speaking to & visiting w/ Texans at Faith & Freedom Coalition Conference this morning:
"The best way to put more money in people's wallets is to leave it there in the first place." -- Edwin Feulner (1941- ) Founder and President of the Heritage Foundation
RESULTS increases Border Patrol by 20%, current bill does not increase Border Patrol at all #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS deploys new technologies and equipment to achieve 100% situational awareness of the southern border #resultsnotpromises
RESULTS bolsters economy by supporting port of entry improvements to improve legitimate trade and travel #resultsnotpromises
Read the full text of the RESULTS amendment here:
RESULTS denies legal status to those convicted of domestic violence, drunk driving, and child abuse #resultsnotpromises
Cornyn: "To say that we can’t change it because 8 senators got together & decided what it should be, is preposterous.”
RESULTS appropriates the same amount of funds as the Gang bill & allocates border security funds more efficiently #resultsnotpromises
Trust me, on border security, the Gang of 8 sez, refusing Cornyn trigger amendment that would provide results and not just empty promises.
For thos who think we have all the border patrol we need: NYPD has 34,000 officers (302 square miles)   http://www.policymic.com/articles/11292/nyc-shooting-rate-rises-11-percent-but-bloomberg-slashes-nypd-by-6-000-officers   Border Patrol has  21,394 officers (200,000 square miles, as defined by Gang of 8 bill)   http://www.cbp.gov/linkhandler/cgov/border_security/border_patrol/usbp_statistics/usbp_fy12_stats/staffing_1993_2012.ctt/staffing_1993_2012.pdf
West Blast: Cornyn calls FEMA aid denial "inexcusable:"
The Cornyn RESULTS amendment would increase the number of Border Patrol agents by 5,000.
Cornyn Releases Text of RESULTS Amendment:
Go Spurs  Go! Game #3
Breitbart: "Cornyn's amendment would...block a path to citizenship unless the border were secured:"
PJ Media: Cornyn on IRS: Holder Picking Spec. Counsel Like 'Fox Guarding Hen House:'
Breitbart: Cornyn Security Amendment Could Decide Immigration Bill:
I voted against and oppose the Gang of 8 bill because it fails to provide a real plan to secure our border and keep our nation safe, offering lofty promises without any guarantees.   I’m voting to move to the bill so that I can offer my RESULTS amendment to toughen the border and national security provisions, putting real teeth in the bill by guaranteeing a plan to secure our porous border.    The bottom line is that if border and national security cannot be guaranteed in this bill, I cannot and will not support it.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Failure to Secure America is Real Poison Pill:
SAEN: Sen. Cornyn, Rep. Vela Bill Would Force Mexico to Comply with 1944 Water Treaty:
VIDEO: Cornyn Addresses RESULTS Amendment on Senate Floor:
Cornyn OpEd: Immigration Bill Needs Results:
Go Spurs Go. Game 2
Could it be "poison pill" charges vs immigration amendments one hasn't read are themselves a "poison pill" dooming immigration reform to defeat?  Why not let Senate and House do their job?
I don't understand those who profess desire to reform broken immigration system but who oppose sensible security measures.  Not going to happen.
In Japan, if interest rates on its bonds rise to a mere 2.2%, 80% of tax revenues will go just to pay the interest on their debt. At a 245% debt-to-GDP ratio, they are in desperate straits, and they know it. (courtesy of John Mauldin)
Unemployment ticks up: it is still about getting economic growth, and with it, jobs.
Remembering D-day: my father-in-law, now 95, landed on Utah Beach this day 69 years ago
Wonder if the NYT got a call from the WH?
Feel better? Holder vows not to prosecute reporters.
On the current NSA kerfuffle
OPEC has to be worried that the US is producing so much of its own energy needs and less dependent on imports.
Cornyn Responds to Senate Democrats’ Rejection of Real Border Security Plan Before Seeing It:
Cornyn Statement on Houston Firefighters:
SAEN: Cornyn Wants 100% Border Security Added to Immigration Bill:
Temple Daily Telegram: Rep. Carter to Co-Sponsor Cornyn Anti-IRS Bill in House:
Prevarication is not a firing offense for this WH, it gets you promoted.
Cornyn Border Security Amendment to Immigration bill can be found here:
Cornyn Offers a Real Plan to Secure Border, with Real Triggers to Achieve RESULTS:
PHOTO: Honored to meet with West, Texas fireman Robby Payne:
Cornyn Responds to White House Patent Reform Proposal:
Jay Leno: “President Obama says he’s renewing his efforts to close Guantanamo Bay. Guantanamo Bay? How about closing the IRS? ... In fact, how about shipping the IRS to Guantanamo Bay?”
Obama's court packing plan for court without enough to do
The Completely Awesome San Antonio Spurs
WSJ: "At the same time the Internal Revenue Service was targeting tea-party groups, the tax agency took the unusual step of trying to impose gift taxes on donors to a prominent conservative advocacy group formed in 2007 to build support for President George W. Bush's Iraq troop surge."
Honored to meet the courageous Debbie Smith at Harris County Institute for Forensics Sciences yesterday where we discussed the Justice for All Act.
We should restore IRS to its core function: "Shulman’s visits reflect the challenge of running an agency designed to be apolitical but that is increasingly charged with implementing policies tied to political agendas on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue."
Social Security broke in 2033
Cornyn Statement on Expansion of I-69:
LAJ: Cornyn Meets with Elected Officials in Amarillo to Hear Concerns:
Ten reasons people are moving to Texas
Fittest cities (Austin #11)
Does it bother anyone else that our DOD is buying 30 more Mi-17 helicopters from Russia for Afghanistan at the same time it continues to arm Assad, who has killed at least 80K civilians?
AAS: In Austin, Cornyn Pushes Patent-Abuse Bill:
Notable words from National Spelling Bee.  Good luck!
PHOTO: Great hearing from the Panhandle Regional Planning Commission in Amarillo today:
PHOTO: Joined tech leaders today in Austin to discuss patent abuse:
Cornyn Statement on Susan Combs:
AAS: Bastrop County Veterans Memorial Park Dedicated:
It is still the economy, stupid.
KAMR: Cornyn to Host Amarillo Economic Roundtable with PRPC:
Enjoyed touring Texas A&M Corpus Christi business innovation center:
Cornyn Set to Tour TAMU-CC Business Innovation Center:
Cornyn: "US Atty. Machen is a far cry from the beacon of independence and impartiality that...this investigation demands:"   http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/05/24/us-attorney-ally-leak-probes/#ixzz2UbD3BvVy
Sen. Grassley in USA Today:"The truth is, President Obama has nominated people for fewer than 30% of the vacant judgeships in the federal courts: 55 of 79 vacancies have no nominee. Only eight of 32 judicial emergency vacancies have a nominee. We can't act on nominations that haven't been made."
Texas State University demographer Dr. Lloyd Potter: 85% of Texans live within a short drive of I-35.
Texas State University demographer Dr. Lloyd Potter estimates there are one point six million Texans who are undocumented workers.
Great speaking at the dedication of Smithville Veterans Memorial Park:
Great hosting the send-off ceremony for military academy students on Memorial Day:
This Memorial Day, as Patton reminded us, we must not simply "mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived." (h/t  Brooke Rollins)
"In keeping with Washington’s illogic, the shield law [proposed by WH] would likely have done nothing to avert the jarring event that inspired it."
I, for one, am glad the NYT isn't in charge of tax policy: the status quo incentivizes keeping jobs and investment overseas rather than in the USA.
Texas was home to 1.9 million sole proprietors in 2010, with $85 billion in annual receipts that year
Small businesses account for 98.7% of employers in Texas
From 20111-11, Texas saw a 75% increase in minority-owned businesses, and a 22% increase in women-owned businesses
Posted more stories Texans have shared with me about unfair IRS targeting:
Great to meet with Judge Ricardo Hinojosa:
Weekly Standard on my bill w/ @RepTomPrice to block IRS from enforcing Obamacare:
Great meeting with leaders from the city of New Braunfels yesterday:
Notable that in "historic" speech on national security, POTUS avoids confronting Iran's nuclear march and Syria's unraveling, higher priorities for security of US and our allies.
POTUS declaring War on Terror over?  Do terrorist agree?  Not!
Cornyn: "The President’s consideration must always be safety of the American people, not...attempts to pivot from scandals:”
Cornyn: "No individual who...pose[s] a threat to the U.S. should be shuttled home at the expense of American taxpayers only to return to the battlefield:"
Cornyn Challenges Obama’s Gitmo Vision:
Visa over-stays comprise 40% of illegal immigration
Newsmax: Cornyn Creates Online Hotline for TX Groups Targeted by IRS:
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Curb Abusive Patent Litigation:
Cornyn Pushes to Ban All Iranian Government Exports:
Cornyn Op-Ed: Military Strength Depends on Stopping Sexual Assaults:
PHOTO: Great meeting with Mayor Mike Rawlings and folks from Dallas:
Nat Review: Cornyn Creates Site for Targeted Conservative Groups:
If you were being audited by IRS, do you think they would settle for the type of non-responses and evasions we got from Acting and former Commissioners of IRS this morning in Senate Finance Committee hearing?
Chron: Cornyn Asks IRS Boss to Apologize for Targeting Texas Conservatives:
Houston wins bid for 2017 Super Bowl
Cornyn to IRS: Apologize, Former Commissioner Refuses:
"Asked by Sen. Cornyn whether he owed conservative groups an apology, Shulman said, 'I'm certainly not personally responsible:'"
WS: Cornyn: 'Culture of Intimidation' at IRS Targeted Texas Conservatives:
Breitbart: Video: Cornyn Calls for Holder's Resignation:
Cornyn Requests Medal of Honor for WWII Veteran James Megellas:
New Video on IRS's targeting of Texans: "A Culture of Intimidation:"
The Hill: Senate Judiciary Rejects Cornyn Effort to Strip Napolitano's Power:
Sandy and I join the nation in mourning the devastation in Oklahoma and praying for all those in Moore.  I am deeply grateful for the work of the first responders whose quick action saved many lives.  As your community begins the difficult task of rebuilding, know that the thoughts and prayers of Texas are with you.
Ds have a funny way of showing they want my support, voting down common sense border security, biometric entry/exit visa system, etc.
CBS: on April 24, White House chief of staff Denis McDonough had been informed by White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler of the conclusions reached by a Treasury Department inspector general concerning the IRS’s conduct
Prayers for Oklahoma tornado victims and their families
Public confidence in federal government take a hit in wake of recent scandals: "How much confidence do you have in the people who run our government?” asked in CNN poll over the weekend, only 8 percent said “a great deal,” while a majority of 54 percent said just a little bit or none whatsoever.
Witnesses scheduled for Tuesday's Senate Finance Committee meeting on IRS scandals:  1)Mr. Steven Miller, Acting Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, Washington, DC 2)The Honorable J. Russell George, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, United States Department of the Treasury, Washington, DC 3)The Honorable Douglas Shulman, Former IRS Commissioner, Washington, DC
Judiciary markup of Gang of 8 immigration bill continues
Longview News-Journal: Cornyn Files Bill to Stop IRS from Enforcing Obamacare:
Dallas Morning News: Cornyn Sees Culture of Intimidation & Cover-ups at WH:
National Review: Cornyn: "Past Time" for Holder to Go:
CBS: Obama Cultivating 'Culture of Cover-ups and Intimidation,' Cornyn Says
Jay Leno: “It’s casual Friday, which means at the White House they’re casually going through everyone’s phone calls and records.”
Wash Times: Cornyn: 'Past Time' for Eric Holder to Go:
VIDEO: Cornyn on CBS Face the Nation:
Cornyn on CBS: scandals a result of a "culture of cover-ups and intimidation" in the Obama Admin.
Cornyn on CBS: "I think it's past time for [Attorney Gen. Holder] to go."
Cornyn on CBS on IRS: "I have a hard time believing this was something cooked up in Cincinnati."
Should the IRS be the political speech police?
WaPo: "President Obama’s professed ignorance of the targeting of conservatives by one government agency and his support of tracking journalists’ sources by another highlight one of the great paradoxes of his presidency: Sometimes he uses his office as aggressively as anyone who’s held it; other times he seems unacquainted with the work of his own administration."
Saying "I don't know" when it is ones job to know is hardly confidence-building, suggesting incompetence.  "Should have known" is the appropriate standard, unless of course you did know and are prevaricating.
NYT: The Treasury Department’s inspector general told senior Treasury officials in June 2012 he was investigating the Internal Revenue Service’s screening of politically active organizations seeking tax exemptions, disclosing for the first time on Friday that Obama administration officials were aware of the matter during the presidential campaign year.
Honored to greet DFW Honor Flight and welcome true American heroes at the WWII Memorial in DC Friday afternoon.
Examiner: GOP Slams IRS Pick to Run Obamacare Enforcement Office:
Hannity on my bill to block IRS from implementing Obamacare:
"Cornyn responded with a bill that would prohibit...the IRS from enforcing the health care law:"
Cornyn: New IRS Commissioner "a White House Insider," will do "absolutely nothing" to restore public trust:
"The lust for power, for dominating others, inflames the heart more than any other passion." -- Cornelius Tacitus (55-117 A.D.)
Just introduced bill to prevent IRS from enforcing Obamacare:
Cornyn, Cruz Statement on West Investigation:
Cornyn Response to Appointment of White House Insider to IRS Commissioner:
Drug and human trafickers don't use and entry-exit system or e-verify, which is why border security is essential.
Team Cornyn softball team was scheduled to play the IRS team on Friday, "the Cheetahs."  Game has been cancelled by IRS, without rescheduling.
Sandy and I were deeply saddened to learn of the destruction and loss of life in North Texas. We join all Texans in praying for the injured and grieving. All of Texas stands with the communities who now undoubtedly will come together to rebuild in the wake of the damage.
"Cornyn, co-sponsor of a measure he said addresses gaps in current sexual-assault law and policy, called the latest news extremely disturbing and unacceptable:"
"The Admin. must answer to the American people who they targeted using these dirty, Chicago-style tactics:”
FWST: DFW Tea Party Group Among Those Targeted by IRS:
Why is "I don't know" a defense, when you should have known?
VIDEO: Cornyn on Today Show Condemning IRS for Targeting TX Tea Party Groups:
KUT: IRS Out of Control, Cornyn Says:
Cornyn, @SenTedCruz Vote to Fix Water Resource and Development Act:
"Revelations confirmed complaints [Cornyn] had received in 2011 and 2012 from...the King Street Patriots, San Antonio Tea Party, Waco Tea Party and True The Vote:"
"For five years, this president has been making the case that a growing and activist government has good intentions and can carry these intentions out with competence. Conservatives have warned that government is dangerous, and even good intentions get bungled in the execution. In different ways, the IRS uproar, the Justice Department leak investigations, the Benghazi tragedy and the misleading attempts to explain it, and the growing problems with implementation of health care reform all bolster the conservative worldview."
Chain of command for Commissioner of IRS: we need to follow the facts wherever they lead
VIDEO: Cornyn: Administration Has Credibility Gap:
Cornyn Demands More Information on AP Phone Record Seizure from AG Holder:
Cornyn in NRO: "Americans have caught their government in multiple lies, and Pres. Obama’s response has been a symphony of obfuscation, misdirection, and denial."
Cornyn in NRO: "The events that have unfolded over the past week are showing big government at its worst."
Proud to welcome officers from around the country to DC for National Police Week.  Thank you for all that you do.
Chron: Cornyn Demands IRS Commissioner's Ouster:
McAllen Monitor: Cornyn Bill Seeks to Address Mexico Water Debt:
Jay Leno: "The IRS has admitted they were targeting conservative groups. President Obama called...it 'outrageous,' and said he would immediately send his Benghazi investigators to look into it."
Cornyn Op-Ed on @NROcorner: Is This America or China?
Just cosponsored legislation prohibiting IRS from unfairly scrutinizing app's based on political ideology
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls on IRS Commissioner to Resign, Condemns Agency for Targeting Texans:
"Kind of behavior we associate not with the greatest democracy in the world, but with corrupt tin-pot dictators:"
Ten years ago today, 19 people died in South Texas in America's deadliest human smuggling attempt.  What have we done to prevent this from happening again?  Visits to the border show that this problem is still all too real.
Cornyn: Confirmation of any [IRS Commissioner] nominee will be premature until there is a complete investigation:
"Congress must hold hearings, and the Admin. must answer to the people who they targeted using these dirty, Chicago-style tactics:"
Cornyn Files Amendment to Help Address Texas Water Shortage, Engage Mexico on Treaty Compliance:
RADIO: Sen. Cornyn Speaks with Mark Davis About the IRS:
RADIO: Sen. Cornyn Speaks with Edd Hendee About the IRS:
IRS targeting of conservative groups began in 2010
Add IRS to FEC, SEC, FCC and HHS: list of agencies of this Administration trying to silence its critics
Four Pinocchios for POTUS; not good
On border security, new study says Border Patrol doesn't know what it doesn't know, guesses 60% of illegal crossers are caught
IRS commissioner says "mistakes were made" but I want to know by whom.
Timeline of Key Events Surrounding IRS Targeting of Conservative Groups  March 1, 2010:  An IRS manager in Cincinnati, Ohio asks employees to begin searching for 501(c) tax exemption applications using the terms Tea Party, Patriots and 9/12 as their criteria.  April 1, 2010:  Managers in Washington, DC and Cincinnati decide to send a “Sensitive Case Report” about the Tea Party cases up the chain in Washington.  April 19, 2010:  The Sensitive Case Report is shared with two executives in Washington, DC, one of whom is Lois Lerner and the other her immediate subordinate.       August 12, 2010:  The IRS creates a “BOLO” (Be on the Lookout) listing instructing agents to identify Tea Party case files.  December 13, 2010:  A manager for the Exempt Organizations (EO) group at the IRS in Washington informs the manager in Cincinnati that the processing of Tea Party cases would soon be reviewed with the Senior Technical Advisor to Lois Lerner, the Director of EO.    June 1, 2011: The Acting Director of Rulings and Agreements in Washington, DC, Lois Lerner’s immediate subordinate, asks the manager in Cincinnati for the criteria used to identify Tea Party groups.  June 29, 2011:  The Director of EO in Washington, DC, Lois Lerner, is briefed that the criteria being used by employees includes “Tea Party,” “Patriots,” “9/12 Project,” “Government Spending,” “Government Debt,” “Taxes,” “make America a better place to live,” and cases with statements that criticize how the country is being run.  July 5, 2011:  The BOLO listing criteria is revised to search for “organizations involved in political, lobbying, or advocacy.”     January 25, 2012:  The BOLO is updated to change the search criteria to “limiting/expanding Government,” “Constitution and the Bill of Rights,” and “social economic reform/movement.”  March 12, 2012: Senator Chuck Schumer sends a letter to IRS Commissioner Shulman along with six of his Democrat colleagues, calling for the agency to impose a strict cap on the amount of political spending by tax-exempt, nonprofit groups.  March 14, 2012: 12 Republican Senators urge the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to prevent politics from playing a role in any action taken on non-profit 501(c)(4) organizations.  March 22, 2012: IRS Commissioner Shulman testifies before the House Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee saying, “I can give you assurances..[t]here is absolutely no targeting [of conservative groups].”  March 23 – 27, 2012:  Steven Miller, Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement, asks his Senior Technical Advisor to look into what was going on in the Cincinnati office regarding Tea Party applications.  April 26, 2012: Steven Miller Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement sends response to March 14th GOP letter.  The letter does not acknowledge that the IRS had inappropriately targeted tea party groups or asked improper questions about their contributors.  May 3, 2012: Steven Miller Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement is briefed that these conservative groups had been targeted by the IRS.  May 2012: TIGTA briefs Commissioner Shulman on the targeting by the IRS of tea party applications for 501(c)(4) status.  June 18, 2012: 11 Senators call on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for additional answers on the agency’s decision to request confidential donor information from organizations applying for tax exempt status. The Senators said such action circumvented current statutory privacy protections and questioned the targeting of groups specifically seeking the approval or renewal of a tax-exempt designation under section 501(c)(4).  August 9, 2012: 10 GOP Senators  write to IRS Commissioner Shulman, again, asking the agency to clarify its intentions for 501(c)(4) organizations. The Senators questioned the IRS’s response to a public rulemaking petition from outside groups pressuring the agency to take action on 501(c)(4)s and said it was essential that politics not play any role in its decision-making process.  September 11, 2012: Steven Miller Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement sends response to June 18th GOP letter.  The letter does not acknowledge that the IRS had inappropriately targeted tea party groups or asked improper questions about their contributors.  November 9, 2012: IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman steps down at the end of his 5-year term and Steven Miller is named Acting Commissioner.  Source: Unless otherwise noted, the timeline dates can be attributed to the U.S. Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) briefings given to key Committees of jurisdiction this week.
NA
VIDEO: Is This How We Define A Secure Border?
Happy Mothers Day
Natural gas exports results in more jobs and lower CO2 levels
Mr. President, this is NOT a tax cut: "CBO and JCT now estimate that the insurance coverage provisions of the ACA will have a net cost of $1,168 billion over the 2012–2022 period"
Stargazing in West Texas
Todays news about IRS harassing political groups for their constitutionally protected activities bears a thorough and comprehensive Congressional investigation
Chron: Cornyn, TX GOP Slam IRS for 'Orwellian Persecution' of Conservative Groups:
"Led by Cornyn, Texas conservatives were quick to denounce the IRS and tie the behavior to the Obama Admin:"
KCBD Lubbock: Cornyn Responds to IRS Targeting Conservative Groups:
Cornyn Responds to IRS Targeting Conservative Groups:
Cornyn on IRS: "Admin. must...ensure American citizens are not subject to this type of Orwellian persecution again:"
Getting ready for the big race for a good cause
Katy News: Cornyn Offers Real Trigger for Border Security to Gang of Eight Bill:
Houston Chron: Committee Rejects Cornyn, Cruz Border Security Proposals:
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn: Perez Doesn't Have the Temperament or Competence to be Labor Secretary:
Introduced the Vietnam Human Rights Sanctions Act today
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Offers Real Trigger for Border Security to Gang of 8 Bill:
Wash Times: Cornyn: White House Can Learn a Thing or Two from Texas:
Cornyn: "We don’t want some deal on the debt ceiling done behind closed doors:"
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn's Opening Statement on Immigration Reform:
Senate Judiciary Committee begins markup of Gang of 8's immigration bill
Cosponsored Sen. Lee's resolution calling on Senate to review policies leading to illegal abortion practices in #Gosnell case
Cornyn Statement Ahead of President Obama’s Texas Trip:
Cornyn: “I hope the President will come to Texas ready to take a few notes and learn from one of the most successful states in the nation."
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Speaks on Obamacare, the Texas Miracle, and Perez Nomination:
Just cosponsored Coburn amndt to require DHS to report on ammo purchases to ensure Admin. isn’t undermining 2nd Amndt.
PHOTO: Great meeting with Michael Lee, Chairman of the Greater Dallas Asian American Chamber of Commerce:
Happy to have Park Geun-Hye, President of the Republic of Korea, address a joint session of Congress today, and especially pleased to hear her thanks to US military veterans who served in the Korean War, including Texas Congressman Sam Johnson.
NA
Rio Grande Valley sector of border patrol on Monday detained 700 immigrants at border, 400 of which are OTMs, mainly from Central America.
PHOTO: Great speaking to the Bryan/College Station Chamber of Commerce today:
PHOTO: Briefing on border security at Rio Grande City Port of Entry:
PHOTO: Surveying the border near Rio Grande City with CBP:
44% of border under "operational control" in 2011 according to GAO.  What will it take to get to 90% or better?
PHOTO: Talking to CBP agents outside Falfurrias checkpoint:
Thomas Friedman on Syria, is worth reading
Happy Cinco de Mayo. A reminder that freedom and liberty depend on the brave actions of individuals who are willing to fight for their rights to self-determination.
So if you don't believe status quo on immigration is acceptable, what should we do to fix it?
Who thinks America's immigration system is working as it should?
How to make Medicaid work
Cornyn Statement on National Day of Prayer:
Energy is one of the best things our economy has going.
DMN: In Dallas Cornyn Touts Bill to Protect Judges, Prosecutors, and Law Enforcers:
PHOTO: Roundtable with DFW law enforcement on my bill to improve prosecutor and judicial safety:
Kudos: On Wednesday, Houston made a major step towards clearing its backlog of more than 6,000 untested rape kits. Mayor Annise Parker announced that all the kits have been shipped off, testing has begun and the end is in sight. "While not everything has been through the testing process, there's nothing sitting on a shelf in the city of Houston," Mayor Parker said. "It's all in progress." The testing should be completed in a few months.
Shale energy boom has fueled revenue and job growth; is anyone in WH paying attention?
Happy 80th to Texas icon Willie Nelson
David Brooks on Obamacare: "Nearly everybody not in the employ of the administration agrees this law does not solve the cost problem, and many of the recent regulatory decisions will send costs higher."
Joining local, state, and federal law enforcement for National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day at Cornerstone Church in Austin
Please keep the families of the fallen in West in your prayers.
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn's remarks at the West, Texas memorial:
Cornyn at West Memorial: “Nothing will ever shake the memory of their heroism and their bravery:”
Cornyn at West Memorial: “When the call went out for help, these men as well as others ran toward the danger:”
Cornyn: “The only way to remedy [Obamacare] is to repeal the bill in its entirety:”
Cornyn: “All Americans ought to be exempt from the onerous and costly provisions of Obamacare, not just a select few:”
Honored to remember and celebrate lives of 12 fallen volunteer firefighters lost in West explosion and their families at Baylor University today.
AP: Obama, Cornyn, Perry to Speak at West Memorial:
KUHF Houston: Cornyn Says Flight Delays Are a 'Manufactured Crisis:'
VIDEO - Cornyn: Administration Desperate to Prove It Wasn’t Crying Wolf:
DMN: Cornyn Criticizes FAA, Proposed Border Security Standards:
PHOTO: Great speaking to small and community bankers from Texas earlier today:
Just voted No on moving to the Internet Sales Tax bill
Updated list of ways you can help West, Texas:
Great meeting with Texas Agricultural Lifetime Leadership yesterday:
Cornyn on #ObamaFlightDelays: "phony" and "contrived:"
FAA furloughs of air traffic controllers, leading to flight delays across the country, is a manufactured crisis.
Texas Times - Courage and Grace in West, Texas:
Another architect of Obamacare, Sen. Baucus, is retiring from Congress
Secretary Napolitano testifying now before the Senate Judiciary Committee
Good for POTUS
The Hill: Insurers Would Report Obamacare Taxes Under Cornyn Bill:
Cornyn Introduces Measure to Bring New Transparency to Obamacare:
Immigration reform hearing beginning in the Senate Judiciary Committee at 9 a.m. ET
CBS DFW: Texas Senators Visit West Devastation:
Happy San Jacinto Day
Key question on immigration visa enforcement: Congress first mandated the creation of an entry-exit system in 1996, but a workable system still doesn't exist.  What will be different this time?
Unacceptable: Obamacare, starting in 2014, will make part-time, not full-time work more common
Where will the $ trail lead to Boston Marathon bombers?
I'll be on KPRC with Janine Turner tonight.  Hope you can listen.
"Texas isn't just a place you are from, it describes who your family is." I was reminded today.
Cornyn Tours West Explosion Site:
Joining JD Wells on his show at 2:15pm CT, listen in if you can.
Receiving an update from County Judge Felton in West, Texas. #prayforWest
Going on KPRC with Joe Pags at 9 am CT.  Listen in if you can.
Joining Trey Ware on KTSA at 8:30 CT this morning.  Hope you can listen in.
Solutions, not symbolism: What the victims at Sandy Hook, Aurora, Tucson, and Virginia Tech deserve.
Happy Tax Freedom Day: Americans have worked enough to pay their 2013 taxes, so now they are working for their families
Headed to West, Texas
Cornyn: Yesterday Was A Shameful Day:
VIDEO: Cornyn Addresses West Plant Explosion
Heading to Senate floor shortly to address tragedy in West, TX - you can watch here #PrayforWest
Ways To Help Those Affected By West Plant Explosion:
RedState: National Reciprocal Concealed-Carry is Doable:
Senators Cornyn, Cruz Issue Statement on Fertilizer Plant Explosion:
Question of Day: Will Sen. Reid pull the gun bill before allowing common sense enforcement and mental health amendments?
Prayers for families and those injured in West, Texas explosion
Breitbart: Cornyn Adds National Concealed Carry Amendment to Senate Gun Bill
The Senate will vote on as many as 9 gun amendments today, more tomorrow.
Due to a high volume of calls, our Washington, DC office is experiencing voice mail issues.  Callers may experience a fast-busy signal when attempting to leave a message. This is a Senate office-wide issue and technicians are working to resolve the problem as quickly as possible.
Cornyn: 2nd Amendment Not a Take-It-Or-Leave-It Proposition:
DMN: In Gun Debate, Texas Sens. Cruz and Cornyn Push Back
Cornyn Introduces National Conceal-Carry Reciprocity Legislation:
Koolaid alert on immigration bill: bill released at 2:30 am this morning, so how is anyone trying to delay it by wanting to read it, debate it, and possibly offer amendments?  Pure rubbish.
Newsmax: Cornyn, GOP to Seek Concealed-Carry Weapon Amendment to Gun Bill
Cornyn Addresses Boston Bombings on Senate Floor:
KWKT Waco: Local Prosecutors Speak in Favor of Cornyn's Prosecutor Safety Bill:
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic events unfolding in Boston
Hoisington: unprecedented sluggishness of our present economic environment. The 1.8% average rise in the thirteen years of this century is less than half of the 3.8% growth rate since 1790. The only decade that witnessed worse economic conditions was, of course, the 1930s.
Should you pay more than POTUS? "The Obamas paid an effective tax rate of 18.4 percent on more than $608,000 in adjusted gross income earned in 2012. Last year, their rate was 20.5 percent."
Kudos to Sen. Rubio for appearing on 7 Sunday morning talk shows (!!!!)  to speak about immigration reform
Going on Fox News Sunday this morning, hope you can watch.
North Korea: "Ferocious, Weak, and Crazy"?
WSJ: Authorities found the corpses of 129 suspected illegal immigrants last year here in Brooks County, a desolate region of cactus-covered ranch lands an hour north of the Mexican border and 2½ hours south of San Antonio.
Manchin-Toomey gun bill finally distributed to Senate offices 7 hours after Sen. Reid held a procedural vote on an as-of-then non-existant bill
Talking with Chad Hasty on KFYO at 10:35am CT, listen in if you can:
Pres. Obama's budget limits what you can save for retirement, while leaving Social Security and Medicare on a path to insolvency
Full text of Toomey-Manchin, Public Saftety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act
Fish and Wildlife Service Agrees to Meet with Local Officials on Central Texas Salamanders
Texas drought map
VIDEO: Cornyn: Solutions, Not Symbolism on Gun Violence
Going to talk with Laura Ingraham at 8:30am CT, listen in if you can:
AP: Cornyn Introduces Bill to Help Prosecutor Safety
DMN: Cornyn Bill Would Let Prosecutors Carry Guns, Boost Penalties for Attacks After Kaufman Cty:
My thanks to Fish & Wildlife Director Dan Ashe for working with stakeholders on the threatened listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken and Williamson, County, Texas Salamanders as endangered species, a threat to property values and job creation.
Cornyn, on Pres. Obama's budget: “America cannot afford this 'compromise':"
VIDEO: Cornyn: President Obama's Budget is "Irrelevant":
After Kaufman County Killings, Cornyn Introduces Bill to Improve Prosecutor Safety:
The Pres. is "holding necessary reforms hostage to more tax increases, failing to take serious steps towards deficit reduction and pushing a budget that never balances.”
“By delaying his budget and neglecting to meet his obligations, the President chose to lead from behind..."
Cornyn Statement on the White House Budget:
POTUS's budget: total tax increase is $1.1 trillion (on top of the $1 trillion in ObamaCare and $620B from the fiscal cliff).
Going to be on Fox News at 11am CT, tune in if you can.
Talking with Mark Davis on KSKY at 9:35am CT, listen in if you can:
Headed to Senate floor to talk about POTUS's proposed budget.
Washington Free Beacon: Sequester Scare Tactics:
POTUS to reveal $3.77 trillion budget proposal 65 days late and after House and Senate have each passed a budget
VIDEO: Cornyn Extends Sympathies to Victims of Lone Star College Stabbing:
KUT Austin: Cornyn, McCaul Call for Standards for Measuring Border Security
Cornyn, McCaul to Introduce Border Security Measure:
Congrats to Louisville - and Rep. Leader Mitch McConnell - on a great win last night
Fort Worth Star-Telegram: Cornyn Describes Thatcher as 'Formidable:'
Cornyn Statement on the Passing of Margaret Thatcher:
"Cornyn added an amendment to the budget that halts paychecks for the OMB director if [POTUS] misses another deadline"
Washington Examiner: "As Publius observed in the Federalist Papers, ours is "a federal, and not a national constitution." As a result, federal powers are "few and defined," while those of the states are "numerous and indefinite," encompassing "all the objects" that "concern the lives, liberties and properties of the people," Publius wrote."
Byron York: 43 members of the Senate — including three members of the Gang [of 8] itself — were not in the Senate the last time around [that the Senate considered immigration reform].
RIP, Margaret Thatcher
Texas-Israel energy connection
How to improve access and quality care in Medicaid
Richard Fisher: Mexico’s 3.3 percent gross domestic product growth in 2012 compares with the United States’ 1.7 percent.
Will health care be sleeper issue of 2014?
Without onerous cap and trade: US carbon emissions from energy production last year hit the lowest levels since 1994, according to a report from the federal Energy Information Administration
The Administration That Cried Wolf
The Administration That Cried Wolf  WASHINGTON –Leading up to sequestration, President Obama and members of his Administration traveled the country on a scare campaign, warning of “falling-sky” scenarios if the sequester went into place. More than a month later, many of the worst-case scenarios have yet to come to pass. Which claim will be proven false next?   CLAIM… Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said the Federal Aviation Administration Would Close 149 Air Traffic Control Towers. “‘We heard from communities across the country about the importance of their towers and these were very tough decisions,’ LaHood said in a statement. ‘Unfortunately we are faced with a series of difficult choices that we have to make to reach the required cuts under sequestration,’ LaHood said.” (Reuters, 3/22/13)   …REALITY FAA Delays Air Traffic Control Tower Closings. “The Federal Aviation Administration announced Friday it would delay until June 15 the closures of 149 air traffic control towers slated to be shut down starting this Sunday. The goal is to give communities time to decide whether they will assume the costs of operating the towers, the agency said.” (The Washington Post, 4/5/13)  CLAIM… Customs and Border Protection Employees Were Warned of Potential Furloughs. “The CBP workforce includes customs and border agents who do a wide range of work at the country's airports, seaports and land border crossings. All of the agency's front-line employees as well as managers and supervisors will be eligible for furloughs under sequestration.” (The Huffington Post, 3/7/13)  …REALITY Customs and Border Protection Decided to Re-Examine Planned Furloughs. “Customs and Border Protection will re-examine plans to furlough Border Patrol agents and make other painful personnel cuts, according to a short statement posted Monday to the federal agency’s internal website.  What, exactly, the statement means for rank-and-file Border Patrol agents isn’t clear.” (The Monitor, 4/1/13)   CLAIM… Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano Told Reporters That Major Airports Had Seen Lines Ballooning To 150-200 Percent Their Normal Size. “On Monday, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told reporters that major airports had seen lines ballooning to 150-200 percent their normal size.” (CBS News, 3/6/13)  …REALITY Officials From A Dozen Major Airports Reported That There Were No Noticeable Impacts On Wait Times Due To The Sequester. “On Monday, however, officials representing a dozen major airports said there were few if any unusual flight delays or lines at security or customs checkpoints.” (The Wall Street Journal, 3/5/13)  CLAIM… Obama Said That Janitors At The U.S. Capitol Would Receive A Pay Cut Due To The Sequester Cuts. “Starting tomorrow, everybody here…The janitors, the security guards, they just got a pay cut, and they've got to figure out how to manage that.  That’s real.” (President Barack Obama, Remarks On The Sequester, Washington, D.C., 3/1/13)  …REALITY Obama’s Claim Immediately Prompted The Superintendent Of The U.S. Capitol Building to Email All Of His Employees Clarifying That “This Is NOT TRUE.”  (CBS News, 3/6/13)  CLAIM… During A Press Briefing With White House Press Secretary Jay Carney, Education Secretary Arne Duncan Made Remarks On The Sequester That Included A Claim That Teachers Were Already Getting Pink Slips. (Press Briefing, Washington, D.C., 2/27/13)  …REALITY Duncan Later Recanted Statement. “‘When I said ‘pink slips’ that was probably the wrong word,’ Duncan told reporters at a news conference related to the sequester. ‘Language matters, and I need to be very, very clear.’” (The Washington Post, 3/4/13)
Poorest children in America, once again, denied school choice enjoyed by the wealthiet
Austin leads nation in job growth
POTUS to release his proposed budget next week - 2 months late.
The good, the bad, and the ugly on the unemployment rate: declined to 7.6%, but due entirely to the collapse in the labor force participation rate, which declined to 63.3%, a new 30 year low.
KTRE: Cornyn Seeks Clarification on Arming Fed Prosecutors:
Enjoyed meeting with Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook and with execs at Google about social media and technology issues.
Houston Chron: Cornyn: Prosecutors Should be Permitted to Carry Concealed Weapons in Workplace:
Daily Caller: Cornyn Seeks Clarification on Gun Laws in Wake of Texas DA Murders:
The Hill: After Killings, Cornyn Moves to Ensure Prosecutors Can Carry Guns:
Wash Post: Cornyn: Let Fed Prosecutors Carry Guns on the Job:
Cornyn Statement on Napolitano Trip to Houston:
Cornyn: "Prosecutor safety should start with enabling them to defend themselves from violent attack:"
Cornyn: Self-Defense Policies Must Be Strengthened For Federal Prosecutors:
More evidence Sec. Napolitano misguided on border security
Even if you like your health coverage, it may not be good enough for Obamacare
WSJ: only 14 (6 of them in Texas) of the nation's 100 biggest metropolitan areas have more jobs now than they did before the 2008-09 recession.
Dept. of Homeland Security responds to questions about ammo purchases
Proud to join @GovernorPerry @SenTedcruz & @DavidHDewhurst to discuss ways to #fixmedicaid. We can do better for the most vulnerable Texans.
Flashback: SCOTUS calls coerced Medicaid expansion a "gun to the head of the states"
Bravo Senator Rubio
Happy Easter to you and yours
WSJ: Among the 10 fastest-growing metro areas last year were Raleigh, Austin, Las Vegas, Orlando, Charlotte, Phoenix, Houston, San Antonio and Dallas. All of these are in low-tax, business-friendly red states. Blue-state areas such as Cleveland, Detroit, Buffalo, Providence and Rochester were among the biggest population losers.
ICYMI: US economy grew a pitiful 0.4% in the second quarter, held back by bad policy choices in D.C. and uncertainty.
More head scratching over Kim Jong Un's choice of targets, including Austin
Top 10 reasons why Kim Jong-Un would want to bomb Austin, courtesy of Austin American Statesman
Kim Jong-Un has a beef with Austin?  Very weird.
Homeland Security can't even produce reliable stats on border security and doesn't plan to do so for the foreseeable future
2011 GAO rpt: 1,120 miles of SW border are not under "operational control" as defined by CBP. Nearly 2/3 of those miles are at the "monitored" level; the rest are "low-level monitored"; CBP admits these two levels are "not acceptable" for border security.
This would jeopardize our efforts to reform our broken immigration system.
Maybe the savings could be used by DHS for enhanced border security.
Can you say irrelevant?
Failure to aggressively prosecute gun crimes a problem
Failure to aggressively prosecute gun crimes a problem
Places that prosecute fewest gun crimes may surpise you
Breitbart: Sen. Cornyn: 'Open the People's House:'
Joining Edd Hendee on KSEV at 7:45 CT.  Listen in if you can: http://v5.player.abacast.com/v5.1/player/index.php?uid=6089
Dallas Morning News: Cornyn Calls Border Patrol Cutbacks 'Outrageous' and 'Reprehensible:'
Cornyn: "Admin’s actions amount to nothing short of a calculated, willful neglect of what should be top priority: keeping Americans safe:"
Cornyn Response to DHS Plan to Remove CBP Agents from Border:
Somebody tell POTUS: how higher interest rates will affect the debt.
Somebody tell Janet Napolitano: 71 illegal immigrants arrested at stash house in Pharr, Texas
Texas Trib: Perry, Cruz, Cornyn to Present United Front on Medicaid:
Do you believe welfare recipients should have to pass a drug test to qualify for benefits?
The energy sector ia the sleeping giant of the US economy
HHS Secretary admits many Americans will see higher, not lower costs, for health insurance under Obamacare
Sec. Napolitano, responsible for border security, says immigration reform shouldn't require a secure border
PHOTO: Enjoyed speaking to students in Prof. Evans' class on Congress at UT's LBJ school today:
How convenient! Register to vote while applying for Obamacare.
Paperwork anyone?  Here is the 21-page "short form" to see if you qualify for Obamacare subsidy in insurance exchanges
VIDEO: Over 1,200 Texans will be shut out of the White House by end of April:
New Cornyn Video: "Spring Break Shut-Out":
Beginning of the end for Obamacare?
Despite "brutal, spending cuts" in sequester, WH finds $500M for Palestinian aid
If Holder can avoid releasing prisoners by managing sequester, why couldn't Napolitano?
NYT: "the Senate on Saturday adopted its first budget in four years, a $3.7 trillion blueprint for 2014 that would provide a fast track for passage of tax increases, trim spending modestly and leave the government still deeply in the red a decade from now."
Cornyn: “The budget that passed today doesn’t solve the problem – it grossly exacerbates it."
Cornyn: “Texans who do not do their jobs do not get paid, and neither should officials at the OMB." #NoBudgetNoOMBPay
The Hill: Senate Targets Obama Budget Director's Pay:
Cornyn Cosponsors Amendment to Force Balanced Budget:
VIDEO: Cornyn Floor Speech Marking 3 Year Anniversary of Obamacare:
Year 3 of #Obamacare: The President made empty promises & gambled on Americans having short-term memory, but it was a bad bet. http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=fe82742c-9b21-4fd1-bec8-9d5e38e1e7d4
On tomorrow’s 3-yr Obamacare anniversary, there won’t be a celebration for the White House to sequester. My statement here: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=fe82742c-9b21-4fd1-bec8-9d5e38e1e7d4
Just voted for Sen. Cruz's amdt to repeal Obamacare, which I cosponsored:
Free Beacon: Cornyn Requests Congressional Hearing on Detainees Release
Always popular, much anticipated Budget Vote-o-Rama starting on Senate floor circa 3 p.m.
More than 700K people became naturalized American citizens last year
VIDEO: Cornyn on Fox News Discussing His "No Budget, No OMB Pay" amendment:
Cornyn Proposes Cutting Funding to US Fish and Wildlife Over TX Species Listings:
Going on The Andrea Tantaros Show at 8:30am CT, listen in if you can:
Cornyn Presses for Details on Illegal Immigrants Freed in Texas:
Cornyn Cosponsors Cruz Amendment to Defund Obamacare:
On border security, DHS hasn't a clue
Tax loophole closing w/o reducing marginal rates is another tax increase, pure and simple, and does nothing to stimulate economic growth and jobs
Texas Trib: Cornyn Wants Answers on Immigrants' Release:
Calling into Lars Larson's show around 5:20pm ct, tune in if you can
Cornyn Cosponsors Amendment to Defund Obamacare:
VIDEO - Cornyn: If the White House Doesn't Do Their Job, They Shouldn't Be Paid:
YNN Austin: Cornyn Demands More Detainee Release Hearings:
Cornyn Demands Hearings on ICE Detainee Releases:
House budget slows growth of federal spending to 3.4% from 5.4% and balances in 10 years.  Proposed Senate budget never balances and increases taxes another $1.5 trillion.
PJ Media: No POTUS Budget, No Pay - for his OMB:
Cornyn Proposes Amendment Withholding White House Pay For Late Budgets:
Unfortunately, these tragedies are not uncommon, while despite the facts, Janet Napolitano claims the border is secure.
No budget, no pay for the White House, too
Really? DHS can't measure border security? Unacceptable.
PHOTO: Great meeting with the Southwestern Council of Agribusiness:
PHOTO: Do you qualify for Obamacare? Here's a 'simple' chart:
Politico: Cornyn: No White House Budget, No Pay:
Examiner - Cornyn: No Pay for White House Budget Writers Until Obama Delivers One:
Breitbart: Senate Judiciary GOP Demands Open, Transparent Immigration Reform Process:
Cornyn Proposes Withholding White House Pay For Late Budgets:
Cornyn Budget Op-Ed: It’s About People, Not Numbers:
Cornyn in Houston Chronicle: Background Checks Have to Keep Guns From Severely Troubled Buyers:
I was honored to accept the US Hispanic Chamber award: Small Business Advocate of the Year.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Current Economic Policies are Burdening America's Youth:
Syrian rebels pick a former Texan as their leader
San Antonio Express-News: Overdue Help on Rape Kit Backlog:
Going to be on The Wells Report this evening, listen in if you can:
Senate and House budgets compared
Going to be on the Joe Pags Show on KPRC at 7:30 am CT, listen in if you can:
DOJ gets award for "worst open government performance" of 2012
How Obamacare changed your taxes
Happy St. Patrick's Day
Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US Intelligence Community by Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
The Hill: Cornyn Urges Obama to Oppose UN Arms Treaty:
One of the basic logical flaws in blanket bans against "assault" rifles, is the assumption they can only be used for offensive, not defensive purposes by law abiding citizens
CBS Midland: Sen. Cornyn and Gov. Perry Discuss Budget and Homeland Security:
Cornyn Renews Opposition to UN Arms Treaty, Urges the President to Oppose:
PHOTO: Sen. Cornyn Meets with Gov. Perry:
PHOTO: Great meeting with Lt. General Mark Milley, Commanding General of the Army's III Corps and Fort Hood:
Meeting with my friend Governor Perry this morning, who is in town to address CPAC
Military and Veterans Educational Benefits
Why Is Janet Napolitano’s Homeland Security Department Making America Less Secure? http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=InNews&ContentRecord_id=d9d08555-a38c-4492-a8a2-9b95df6e2050&ContentType_id=b94acc28-404a-4fc6-b143-a9e15bf92da4&f6c645c7-9e4a-4947-8464-a94cacb4ca65&Group_id=bf378025-1557-49c1-8f08-c5df1c4313a4
Miller: The Illogic of Feinstein's 'Assault Weapons' Ban:
PHOTO: Impact of the Senate Dems' budget on Texas:
Cornyn blog post in The Hill: Renewing Our Commitment to Open Government:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn Votes Against Assault Weapons Ban:
Sen. Cornyn Votes Against Flawed Assault Weapons Ban:
Cornyn After Voting Against Assault Weapons Ban:  “This is a flawed piece of legislation that jeopardizes the self-defense and constitutional rights of law-abiding Texans, while doing nothing to address the tragic problem of gun violence. It is unacceptable to me, and it is unacceptable to Texans.   “To truly address gun violence, and do so with broad bipartisan support, we should be addressing the serious deficiencies in our mental health system, improving our background check database, and rigorously enforcing existing laws.”
Cornyn on Assault Weapons Ban: "We're going to give the American people a pea shooter to defend themselves with:"
DMN: Sens. Cornyn, Cruz Expected to Voted Against Assault Weapons Ban:
What we still don't know about Benghazi
Washington Free Beacon: Dept. of Misplaced Priorities
Cornyn Votes to Defund Obamacare:
During Sunshine Week, Texas Once Again Leads the Way:
Someone should tell POTUS the debt is hurting economic growth and job creation.  That is why it is an urgent matter.
Cornyn: ‘Shocked’ President Thinks There is No Debt Crisis:
At Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Open Government.  Much more needs to be done.
Texas one of 8 states to get an "A" for open government
Pres. Obama does't believe a balanced budget is an important priority.  Do you?
Pres. Obama will release his budget in April, after the House and Senate take up their budgets
PHOTO: The Sequester in Perspective:
PHOTO: This is what 20,000 pages of Obamacare regulations looks like, with more to come:
Under Ryan (House) budget federal spending will increase 3.4% rather than 5% on current path.
PHOTO: WH may be closed, but the Capitol is open for business. Happy to host 300+ Texans w/ Ted Cruz:
Silly question?  As House and Senate budgets take shape,  how important to you is it that the budgets actually balance?
WSJ: Cut this, not that
4 longs years since a D budget in the Senate, but Budget Committee will vote on one this week.  Goes to Senate floor next week.
The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined. Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite." -- James Madison (1751-1836), Father of the Constitution for the USA, 4th US President, Source: The Federalist No. 45
KUHF Houston: Cornyn Files "Careers for Veterans Act" in Senate:
Ken Herman, quoted in NYT: "I have nothing against people who enjoy hunting. I’m too squeamish to do it. I would do it if you could shoot a nice hamburger or something. I’m from Brooklyn originally. This is not of my culture.”
PHOTO: The Texas Success Story:
Wash Times: GOP Lawmaker Rips Napolitano for Released Detainees:
Cornyn Questions Napolitano’s Leadership:
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Combat Unemployment Among Veterans:
Daily Caller: Senator Cornyn: Assault Weapons Ban 'Symbolism Over Substance:'
PJ Media: Lawmakers Angry with Civilian Trial for Osama's Son-in-Law:
Cornyn: Terrorist Who Took Credit For 9/11 Belongs in GITMO, Not Civilian Court:
KLTV Tyler: Cornyn Argues for 2nd Amendment Rights in Senate Gun Control Debate:
WH seems intent on maximizing disruption from sequestration
KTRE: Cornyn Argues for 2nd Amendment Rights in Senate Gun Control Debate
PHOTO: Good speaking again to leaders from San Antonio's business and hispanic communities visiting DC:
Great meeting folks from the American Diabetes Association yesterday:
Read White House response to Sen. Paul on drones for yourself:
Cornyn Offers Amendment to Exempt Soldiers and Veterans from Assault Weapons Ban:
Cornyn: Assault Weapons Ban 'Symbolism Over Substance:'
AG Holder defends DOJ handling of Aaron Swartz case
Texas Trib: "Texas' Two U.S. Senators on Wed helped stage one of the longest old-fashioned filibusters in years:"
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn, Cruz Grill Holder on Guns, Drones, and Prosecutorial Misconduct:
KSAT: Cornyn, Cruz Part of Tag Team Delaying Vote on CIA Nominee:
Proud to join Sen. Paul on the floor this afternoon. Video:
Heading to the Senate floor to join @SenRandPaul:  http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
COST OF ‘SNOWQUESTER’ COULD BE AS HIGH AS $71 MILLION. The heavy snow that was expected to pummel Washington turned out to be mostly hype (the snow total at Reagan National Airport as of 1 p.m. Wednesday was 0.2 inches) in all but one department: cost
Cornyn Presses Holder on Obama Administration’s Failure to Prosecute Gun Crimes:
Cornyn Questions Holder Over Death of Reddit Co-Founder Aaron Swartz:
The WH looks petty on this
Another good example from @SenMikeLee of what to cut: #CutThisNotThat
After sequester, stock market soars, POTUS's poll numbers tumble
One good example from @SenMikeLee of what to cut: #CutThisNotThat
PHOTO: Great meeting with Texans today at my weekly coffee with Ted Cruz:
Guess sequester hype was just that: Dow trades at all time high.
Brownsville Herald: Cornyn Joins Texas Calls for Mexico to Deliver Water:
KTBS: Cornyn Bill Introduced to Fight Human Trafficking:
Cornyn: 2.4% from a 19% Increase:
Going on Fox Radio with Brian Kilmeade shortly:
Going on Fox News at 10:20am CT to discuss the sequester, tune in if you can.
The Hill: Cornyn Backs 'All Options' to Prevent Nuclear-Armed Iran:
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn, Carter Propose Bill to Fight Human Trafficking:
Today we celebrate Texas’ independence won 177 years ago by brave men like William B. Travis, Davy Crockett, James Bowie and the man whose seat I’m proud to hold in the U.S. Senate – Sam Houston. As Texans, we have much to be proud of and many to thank for making the Lone Star State the best state in the nation to raise a family and run a business. Entrepreneurs and business leaders are attracted to Texas because our taxes are low and our government is limited. As a result, Texas’ economy is leading the nation and our job market is growing. May we always remember those who contributed to birth of this great state and those who continue to defend it. May God bless you and yours and may He continue to bless Texas.
DHS Secretary Napolitano: Detainee release not my job
President Obama's sequestration order
Happy 177th birthday, Texas.
Middle class got a 2% pay cut on January 1st as a result of Pres. Obama's payroll tax hike
2.4% reduction in spending after 19% increase during POTUS's first term hardly drastic
Cornyn Response to Keystone Environmental Report:
Cornyn Introduces Bill to Fight Human Trafficking:
Going on the Chad Hasty Show at 9:05 am CT to discuss the sequester, listen in if you can:
Zuckerman: "12.3 million today are fully unemployed (today), compared to 12.8 million in 1933 at the depth of the depression."
Can't find cuts?  How about paying union reps for doing NO govt work?
POTUS sez you may not notice the sequester for a month... .
Cornyn: White House’s Sequester Substitute Raises Deficit:
CQ: "President Barack Obama’s fiscal 2014 proposed budget is running seven weeks late and almost surely will not be released before the House and Senate act on their budget resolutions next month."
Cornyn: President is using the sequester "to scare people in order to grow the size of government:"
WFAA Dallas: Senate Confirms Lew as Treasury; Cornyn, Cruz Vote 'Nay'
4 Pinocchios for Education Secretary's phony scare tactics on sequestration
Great meeting with Dr. Pryor of Scott & White Healthcare:
PJ Media: Cornyn Bill Aims to Stop Back-Door Endangered Species Settlements
Another bogus sequester scare tactic
VIDEO: Cornyn - 1400 Days Since Senate Dems Passed a Budget:
Unbelievable DHS releasing ppl from detention even before the sequester starts
1400 days since D-controlled Senate passed a budget
Factoids on sequester: "Even after the sequester, the federal government will spend $15 billion more than it did last year, and 30% more than it spent in 2007. Government spending on nondefense discretionary programs will be 19.2% higher and spending on defense will be 13.8% higher than it was in 2007."  Courtesy of former Senator Phil Gramm in WSJ.
Statesman: Cornyn, Carter Ask for Extension of Salamander Comment Period
Federal spending up 19% in 4 yrs, sequester cuts 2.4%, NYT headline reads: "Austerity Kills Government Jobs as Cuts to Budgets Loom"  No end to silliness and misinformation
Friendswood Journal: Cornyn Urges Kerry to Approve Keystone XL:
PHOTO: Putting the Sequester in Perspective - What Does it Mean to Cut 2.4%?
Cornyn on Hagel: ‘Clearly the Wrong Man for the Job:’
Cornyn Votes Against Lew for Treasury Secretary:
PHOTO: Great having coffee with Ted Cruz and fellow Texans today:
Incredible: 17 inches of snow in Amarillo?
Fear mongering in WH knows no limits: claims sequestration will harm non-existant federal agency
Going on the Laura Ingraham Show at 8:35 AM CT to discuss the sequester, listen in if you can.
If Pres. Obama put as much effort into preparing his overdue budget, and less trying to scare ppl about 2.4% cut in fed spending due to his sequester, it would be a welcome break from one manufactured crisis after another.
Cornyn in USA Today: Obama Needs to Take Charge on Debt Reduction:
Texas veterans learn to become small business owners
Guest Worker Plan Obama opposed revived.
Hagel, Obama, and Iran
Here is a tax break for Hollywood that should be on the table: Section 181 of the tax code, allows a write down for the first $15 million of expenses from their corporate tax bill. The program will cost an estimated $430 million in deductions in fiscal years 2013 and 2014, according to estimates by the Joint Committee on Taxation.
Friedman: Mexico back in the game
POTUS as Chicken Little on sequester?  After Fiscal cliffs, phony claims of default on debt ceiling, and nuclear options in the Senate, will American ppl find these repetitive claims of disaster and devastation credible?
Good to be with fellow, freedom loving Texans at the Texas State Rifle Association gathering in Mesquite.
Forbes: "The Non-Existent Spending Cuts Wrought by the Devastating Sequester."
Seems strange that WH has no apparent plan to deal with  40% of illegal immigration from visa overstays, and POTUS says he wants an immigration bill ASAP.
Chron: Texas Senators Want Less Protection for the Lesser Prairie Chicken:
1394 days since the D controlled Senate passed a budget
Big thanks to students in “Texans Standing Tall” from Caprock HS in Amarillo for the mural.
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal: Cornyn, Cruz Call for Delay in Action on Lesser Prairie Chicken
AP: Texas Senators Cornyn, Cruz Seek Delay in Decision on Grouse:
Houston Chron: Cornyn and Cruz Call for Hagel Nomination to be Withdrawn:
KCBD Lubbock: Cornyn Requests Extension on Lesser Prairie Chicken Decision:
Wash Post: Cornyn, 14 Sens Call for Withdrawal of Hagel Nomination:
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Withdraw Hagel Nomination:
Does President Obama talk to his own Secretary of Defense?
Cornyn Requests Extension on Decision to List Lesser Prairie Chicken as Threatened Species:
Calling into KSEV with Edd Hendee at 8:07 CT to discuss the sequester, listen in if you can:
Americans for Prosperity Gives Cornyn 'A' Rating for 112th Congress:
KUHF Houston: Cornyn Announces Bill to Target Human Trafficking
Cornyn Ranked 2nd Most Conservative Senator:
In Houston learning about Harris County's unique GIRL's Court, which helps young victims of trafficking/prostitution seal their juvenile records and learn the skills needed to transition to a safer, healthier life. Also pleased to announce the Human Trafficking Reporting Act, which will complement the efforts of those here today, including The Children's Assessment Center (Harris County) and Children at Risk, in the fight against human trafficking.
Pres. Obama: we must avoid these spending cuts I signed into law
Sen. Cornyn ranked 2nd Most Conservative Senator for 2012:
Are there ANY spending cuts President Obama doesn't deem brutal?
“Any effort to avert the sequester should begin with the billions in frivolous projects, government waste, and duplicative spending that have propagated our runaway debt and deficits:”
“Today Pres. Obama said 'these cuts are not smart, these cuts are not fair, and they will hurt our economy,' but he neglected to say [they] were his idea:"
Cornyn Responds to the President’s Call to Prevent His Sequester:
CQ: Cornyn Picks Up Balanced Budget Amendment Mantle for Republicans:
PHOTO: Great to meet the Longhorn Council Boy Scouts today:
Looking forward to joining the Longhorn Council Boy Scouts of America’s Silver Eagle Luncheon on Monday
Wages more than double Texas state average in oil and gas sector.  What's holding the rest of the country back?
New development in Hagel nomination?
Chinese New Year Celebration with the Greater Dallas Taiwanese Chamber last night
My statement on the 4th anniversary of the failed stimulus: “On the first anniversary of the stimulus, Administration officials flocked to events around the country to tout the plan’s benefits. The President said it had been run ‘cleanly, smoothly and transparently,’ and one of my colleagues went so far as to call it ‘wildly successful.’ Fast-forward a few years—with 12 million Americans still looking for work—you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone at the White House eager to talk about the $1 trillion boondoggle.   “Yet despite four years of record unemployment and the weakest economic recovery since the Great Depression, the President remains bent on spending more taxpayer money and growing the government to new levels. It’s time to take an honest look at the failures of the stimulus, end the addiction to spending, and employ the pro-growth policies that have worked for our country in the past.”
4th anniversary of failed trillion dollar stimulus.
1390 days without a budget in D controlled Senate
President Obama's sequester cuts 2.4% from federal budget this year, out of $3.6 trillion.
Politicizing VAWA: unnecessary and dangerous
How to think about the minimum wage
1389 days since D controlled Senate has passed a budget
Why the key to controlling health care costs, without sacrificing quality, is informed consumer choice.
Will: the SOTU has outlived its usefulness
Joining Joe Pags today at 5:15 PM CT.  Listen in if you can: http://radio.woai.com/pages/pp_joepags.html
No Keystone XL pipeline; gasoline prices doubled in last 4 years to $3.64 a gallon
WashTimes on Cornyn, Senate GOP balanced budget amendment:
1388 days without a budget in the D-controlled Senate
Cornyn Statement on Hagel Vote:
Cornyn on Hagel: "Premature to close off debate on a nominee who hasn't responded to reasonable requests for information and to a White House who continues to stonewall.”
Obamacare Sticker Shock:  In Austin, younger, healthier people, and small businesses will see 169% increase in premiums in 2014
PHOTO: Great Meeting with San Marcos Mayor Daniel Guerrero and City Council Members:
PHOTO: Great meeting with the Border Trade Alliance in DC:
VIDEO: Cornyn: Time for the President to Show Leadership on Spending and Debt:
Cy-Creek Mirror: Cornyn, Senate GOP Introduce Balanced Budget Amendment:
Wash Post: Senate GOP launch Balanced Budget Amendment effort:
Texans, if you're on Instagram you can follow me here for photos from events in Texas and D.C.:
PHOTO: Nice to meet with UT Southwestern’s Daniel Podolsky this week:
Weekly Standard: Balanced Budget Amendment Introduced in Senate:
VIDEO: Cornyn: Time to Embrace the Texas Model:
VIDEO: Sen. Cornyn to Sec. Napolitano: I do not believe our border is secure:
Letter of support from NFIB for my Balanced Budget Amdt, which I introduced today:
Today, Sec. Napolitano appeared before the Judiciary Committee. She said “I believe the border is secure.” I ask, what is the biggest whopper coming out of the Administration?
Cornyn, Senate Republicans Introduce Balanced Budget Amendment:
Nat Review: "Behind the scenes...John Cornyn of Texas has led the process" for a Balanced Budget Amendment:
Jack Lew, nominated as Treasury Secretary, is testifying now before the Senate Finance Committee
Sec. Napolitano testifying at Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on immigration reform
Cornyn: last night's speech was "one prescription for big government after another:"
Jay Leno: "Oh, and for the first time ever...when the President walks into the chamber, instead of 'Hail to the Chief,' they played 'Hey, Big Spender.' I thought that was kind of interesting."
PHOTO: Great meeting with Bell County DA Henry Garza today:
Cornyn Statement on Violence Against Women Act:
Heritage Action on Cornyn Amendment to VAWA:
Former Texas State Representative Suzanna Hupp, testifying before Senate Judiciary Committee, will share her tragic personal experience with gun violence and will offer her, surprising to some, suggestions for improving public safety.
VIDEO: Cornyn: The President's Past State of the Unions Offer Unfulfilled Promises:
Will be on the Mark Davis Show at 7:33am CT to preview the State of the Union. Listen in if you can:
Will POTUS propose US nuclear weapon cuts the day after North Korea conducts another nuke test?
The Texas Jobs Machine
VIDEO: Past State of the Union Addresses Offer a Series of Unfulfilled Promises:
Sad the Violence Against Women Act has become politicized by including an unconstitutional provision on tribal courts that could easily be remedied.   We'll try to fix it in House version.
PHOTO: Congrats to Texas Tech and Chancellor Hance on reaching their $1 billion fundraising goal:
1,384 days since D majority in Senate has passed a budget: http://www.cornyn.senate.gov/public/
6 "pivots" to jobs
Nancy Pelosi: "It is almost a false argument to say we have a spending problem. We have a budget deficit problem that we have to address. ... It isn't as much a spending problem as much as it is priorities."
Good question for President Obama.
Why is POTUS only concerned about defense spending cuts when he wants to use it as a negotiating tool to raise taxes, again?
Evidently, financial disclosure requested of Sen. Hagel is not "unprecedented"
White House approves of bill that denies American citizens protection of the US Constitution in tribal courts.  We can - and must - do better.
If POTUS's plan on government spending actually worked, don't you think we would be seeing some evidence by now, more than 4 years after the fiscal crisis?
Sadly, the Congressional Budget Office predicts unemployment getting worse, to 8% by years end
Gone to Texas
Why is WH determined to sell F-16s to Egypt but not Taiwan?
California vs. Texas
Austin, Texas ranked #1 city for small business; Houston ranked #8
Speaking now on the Senate floor on the Violence Against Women Act. http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/
PHOTO: Enjoyed meeting with Chancellor Khator and others from U of H:
PHOTO: Enjoyed meeting with folks from the Bay Area Houston Economic Partnership today:
KTRE Nacogdoches: Sen. Cornyn Calls for Obama Admin. to Release DoJ Opinions on Drone Strikes
PHOTO: Pleased to speak to fellow Texans in town for the 9th Annual Texas Water Day:
PHOTO: Good catching up with my friend Todd Staples yesterday
Cornyn: "The self-described ‘most transparent Administration in history’ owes more of an explanation to the American people on why they can be targeted for execution abroad than legal fluff packaged for and deliberately leaked to the media.”
Cornyn Calls on White House to Release OLC Memos for Drone Killings:
CBO: more than 7 million with employer-sponsored health insurance will lose their current coverage over the next decade as a result of the President’s health law.  So much for "if you like what you have you can keep it."
POTUS proposes changes to his sequester idea
Lower private sector investment correlated with higher unemployment
Treasury Secretary nominee misinformed on number of votes required to pass a budget: is it 51, not 60.  No budget passed by D controlled Senate since 2009
Cornyn: "I hope Sec. Napolitano relays to the President what Texans already know: our border is not secure"
Cornyn: “Given that D.C. Dems like Sen. Reid have a hard time understanding what ‘operational control’ of the border means, I’m encouraged to see Sec. Napolitano visit TX:"
Cornyn Welcomes Obama Administration to Texas Border:
Cornyn: If Texans Can Live Within Their Means, So Should Washington:
The inspiring story of Senator Mark Kirk's stroke and recovery
Has POTUS forgotten our 7.9% unemployment rate and the human consequences of 20 million + Americans either out of work or underemployed?
Yep, Obamacare still presents a lot of problems
Proud to support Sen. Rand Paul’s bill to audit the Federal Reserve
DMN: Senate to Consider Cornyn Measure to Help Analyze Thousands of TX Rape Kits
For the record, Sen. Reid pulled immigration reform bill down in 2007, and now he blames others?
The Secretary for the Department of Homeland Security should not be delegated the determination that border is secure.  Talk about grading your own papers... .
The Secretary for the Department of Homeland Security should not be delegated the determination that border is secure.  Talk about grading your own papers... .
Good news: Punxsutawney Phil predicts an early spring
Congratulations to Major Gen. John F. Nichols of Spring Branch for his reappointment as Adjutant General of Texas
On 10th Anniversary, Sen. Cornyn Pays Tribute To The Crew Of The Space Shuttle Columbia:
Houston Chronicle: Cornyn, Cruz Vote Against Federal Debt Ceiling Deal:
Some Senate Dems coy on President's immigration proposal
Sadly, but predictably, unemployment rate inches up to 7.9%.  Growth by private sector, not government, is essential.
Meet the top ten most conservative Senators
Cornyn Votes Against Debt Ceiling Bill:
Small businesses cutting workers: rising health care costs cited as leading cause
The rest of the story on Justice Scalia's comments in Dallas on the Constitution
Proud to support Sen. Portman's amendment requiring any increase in debt limit be balanced w/equal spending cuts
Cornyn Files Bill Stopping Unconstitutional NLRB, CFPB Actions:
POTUS's jobs council shutting down; unemployment at 7.8%, with number of those working part-time and looking for full-time work even higher
Will be on The Joe Pags Show at 5:15 ct to talk about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, tune in if you can
VIDEO: Chuck Hagel's Confirmation Conversion:
KWKT Waco: Cornyn Calls for Hearings on DoJ's Failure to Enforce Gun Laws
The Hill: Cornyn: Hagel Nomination Has 'Done Damage' to US Security
Cornyn: "I have a hard time telling my constituents in Texas that Congress is looking at passing a whole raft of new laws, when the laws that we currently have on the books are so woefully unenforced:"
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls for Hearings on DoJ's Failure to Enforce Gun Laws:
At Senate Judiciary Committee hearing: "What Should America Do About Gun Violence?"  Tune in.
I'll be on The Mark Davis Show at 9:35 AM est/8:35ct to talk about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, tune in if you can
Cornyn OpEd: The Case Against Hagel:
VIDEO: Cornyn: If We Don't Get a Handle on Spending and Debt, Not Much Else Matters:
Amid all the distractions, why so little focus on 7.8% unemployment, with millions working part, not full time, and many having stopped looking for work altogether?
VIDEO: Cornyn: Hagel Does Not Understand Importance of U.S.-Israel Alliance:
Will be on Fox & Friends at 8:15 et/7:15ct to talk about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, tune in if you can
Seeing Zero Dark 30 tonight.  From others who have, what did you think?
Great being with leaders in the Valley today at the RGVP Legislative Day Brunch
Obama recess appointments unconstitutional
Cornyn Statement on 2013 March For Life:
I want to welcome and thank all Texans who have made the trip to Washington to make their voices heard.  We’ve taken important steps in recent years to defend life, including passage of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act. I believe that all life should be treated with dignity and respect, and I am committed to doing all I can to protect innocent life. I am proud so many Texans join me in sharing this core belief.
Cy-Creek Mirror: Cornyn, Senators Urge President to Approve Keystone XL Pipeline
Cornyn, Bipartisan Group of Senators Urge President To Approve Keystone XL
PHOTO: Cornyn calls on Pres. Obama to stop blocking Keystone XL pipeline and thousands of TX jobs with it:
VIDEO: Cornyn Calls for Passage of No Budget, No Pay Bill:
U.S. Senators Cornyn and Cruz Joint Statement on Texans Killed in Algeria:
Thanks to the House, it looks like Sen. Reid might take up a budget in the Senate this year after all
My prayers are w/ those who were injured in today's shooting, the entire Lone Star College community, & our first responders on the scene.
VIDEO: Cornyn: "We look forward to a vigorous debate over America's future"
1364 days since Senate Ds last brought a budget up for a vote
PHOTO: Great having Sen. Cruz at this morning's Texas Tuesday Coffee w/ me:
Sen. Cornyn on the 40th Anniversary of Roe v. Wade: “We’ve taken important steps in recent years to defend life, including passage of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act. I believe that all life should be treated with dignity and respect, and I am committed to doing all I can to protect innocent life. I am proud so many Texans join me in sharing this core belief.”
NYT agrees: Congress should pass bi-partisan SAFER act ASAP
Freedom of Information lawsuits vs federal government have increased dramatically
$16+trillion in debt and Majority Leader Harry Reid hasn't let a budget come to senate floor for 1361 days!
Why isn't Eric Holders DOJ prosecuting violations of current gun laws? Out of the 70,000+ background check denials for lying on background checks, less than 100 are prosecuted.
Roll Call: Cornyn Presses DOJ on Case of Reddit Co-Founder Swartz:
The Hill: GOP senator questions Holder over prosecution of Web activist Swartz:
Cornyn Questions Holder Over Death of @Reddit Co-Founder Aaron Swartz
YNN: Cornyn, Cruz Visit Houston to Tout Galveston Plan
Cornyn Calls on Obama to Submit Debt Ceiling Request
Fitch Ratings has already declared that we are likely to be downgraded later this year unless Congress passes “an agreed and credible medium-term deficit reduction plan that would be consistent with sustaining the economic recovery and restoring confidence in the long-run sustainability of U.S. public finances.”
PHOTO: At Houston roundtable with Ted Cruz exploring ways we can preserve Social Security:
Looking forward to having Ted Cruz join me in Houston today to explore ways we can preserve SS:
Talking with Joe Pags on AM950 in Hous at 8:45am about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, listen here:
Talking with Trey Ware on KTSA at 8:33am about why I oppose the Hagel nomination, listen here:
WSJ: "Fitch said Tuesday that it may downgrade the nation's debt even if lawmakers raise the debt ceiling, if Washington emerges from those negotiations without taking steps to lighten the U.S. debt load."
Is he going to fire AG Holder? "Obama, NRA May Agree On Increased Prosecutions Of Background Check Liars NBC Nightly News reported that "there were over 71,000 people in 2009 who failed on a background check in an attempt to purchase a gun, but only 44 of those folks were prosecuted"
Meet Barack Obamas, circa 2006: debt limit increase a sign of leadership failure.
Meet Barack Obama, deficit hawk, circa 2005
Cornyn: Closed Door Meetings, Retraction Letters Can’t Erase Hagel’s Record
Roll Call: Cornyn Raises Profile in First Weeks as GOP Whip
Government Accountability Office: No law mandating order in which government bill are to be paid, so POTUS's Treasury department can prioritize, not Congress.
Hennessey: A primer on fiscal deadlines and consequences.
Remember when: President Obama last signed a debt ceiling increase, on August 2, 2011, for $2.1 trillion?
Remember when President Obama voted against raising the debt ceiling, calling nation's debt problem a "failure of leadership."?
Isn't this Eric Holder's job?
Speaking at TPPF event in Austin with moderator Stephen Moore
Hagel as SecDef "would bring huge cuts" to the military.
POTUS's annual State of the Union speech set for Tuesday, Feb. 12
Rivkin & Casey explain the myth of government default in context of debt ceiling debate
More Fast and Furious fallout: will WH convene a public conference on ATF's and DOJ's involvement with government sponsored gun walking?
Under Jack Lew’s leadership at the Office of Management and Budget, we saw trillion dollar deficits and no serious attempt to rein in spending.  As President Obama's Chief of Staff, we've seen on-going dilatory tactics as the nation stares down one fiscal crisis after another.  While Mr. Lew deserves a fair hearing, Texans deserve to hear the President’s plan for cutting spending and balancing our budget.
Cornyn OpEd on CNN: Why I Can't Support Chuck Hagel
Why I support no budget, no pay bill: Tuesday marks the 1,350th day since the Senate passed a budget
Why debt ceiling fight is good for the country
Why debt ceiling fight is good for the country
Brennan vs Hagel on drones?
Brennan vs Hagel on drones?
For POTUS, is there any limit on debt?
Obama will miss budget law deadline:
We need to fix our broken immigration system for many reasons but it's too early to say we are done with immigration law enforcement: 300+K annually detained at SW border; 40% overstay visas; and lax worksite enforcement.
VIDEO: Cornyn: Hagel is 'wrong on a number of the most important national security issues'
Hagel and the draft
More reasons to be concerned about food for fuel
Talking to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC about my opposition to Chuck Hagel's nomination to Secretary of Defense. Tune in if you can.
Chron: Texas Senators Cornyn, Cruz Emerge as High Profile Critics of Chuck Hagel
I will not support Chuck Hagel’s nomination to the Department of Defense.  His record and past statements, particularly with respect to rogue nations like Iran, are extremely concerning to me.     His opposition to Iranian sanctions and support for direct, unconditional talks with its leaders is both at odds with current U.S. policy and a threat to global security. To make matters worse, he has called for direct negotiations with Hamas.   As Iran becomes increasingly hostile and gains influence in the region, the worst possible message we could send to our friend Israel and the rest of our allies in the Middle East is Chuck Hagel.
Roll Call: Cornyn, Conservatives Say Partial Govt Shutdown Possible in Debt Standoff
Washington Times: GOP increasingly ready for government shutdown
Paul Ryan on why he voted for "fiscal cliff" bill
Sen. Jon Kyl on lessons learned from distinguished service in the House and Senate
Cornyn: Partial Government Shutdown May Be Needed to Restore Fiscal Sanity
Cornyn: "May be necessary to partially shut down the government in order to secure the long-term fiscal well being of our country"
My op-ed in today's Houston Chronicle: Obama must engage Congress
Benghazidebacle demands more answers and accountability
If WH says we hit the debt ceiling on Dec. 31st, why did Harry Reid adjourn the Senate for 2 + weeks, insuring another last minute crisis?
Dallas Morning News: Texas’ new U.S. senator, Ted Cruz, is sworn in
Talking with Sen. Cruz before joining him to be sworn in as Texas' next U.S. Senator
Sen. Kirk returning to the Senate
Dallas Morning News: Cornyn, Hutchison, Sessions, Thornberry, Smith and Brady showed leadership
Safer Act, dealing with backlogged, untested rape kits, just passed the House.  Just needs to clear the Senate before being sent to POTUS for signature
Big rematch: On Saturday, January 5 the NDSU Bison will play the Sam Houston State Bearkats at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision title scheduled to begin at 12 p.m. CT at the FC Dallas Stadium in Frisco, Texas.
Last night's vote made 84% of "Bush tax cuts" permanent
I voted for this bill because it prevents a huge tax increase on 99% of all Texans and Americans. Nonetheless, I am dismayed at the lack of seriousness by the president on dealing with the core issues of our fiscal problems. Our spending is unsustainable and it is high time the president and his party engage in meaningful dialogue to get this county's spending under control.
Going off fiscal cliff would raise taxes by $500 billion in 2013, an average of $3500 per household; 90% of households would see tax increase
Happy New Year from the US Capitol
Tim Geitner says we hit debt ceiling today
