As we come to the end of the year, it’s time again to look back and be thankful for all the wonderful moments that we were blessed to be a part of. It’s been a challenging year at times, but things are looking up for our country. As Diana and I prepare to celebrate the holiday season with our family in Wyoming, we send you and your family our best wishes for the Christmas season and the coming New Year.
New Enzi Insider available. The Enzi Insider is by no means a full list of what I’m working on. It doesn’t cover floor activity, continuing issues and other major issues. I cover those through other social media posts and releases on my website, but the Insider does share new information folks are unlikely to find anywhere else.
I’m glad that US Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack is abandoning his efforts to create another beef checkoff program. Last weekend Congress took action to halt the duplicative program that would have created more federal control and ultimately undermine the say producers have in administering checkoff dollars. It is clear that the beef checkoff program operates best when it is run by producers and with the support of those throughout the beef industry.
The spending bill Congress approved recently went through a bad process and we should do better, but before denouncing the “cromnibus”, take the time to learn more about what it contained. It’s also important to realize that it essentially held spending close to past levels. The link has more details about that as well as information about the bill’s constitutionality and amnesty.
We’re continuing to vote on the president’s nominees this week. Unfortunately, there are some really bad nominees that will get confirmed because the outgoing Senate majority changed the rules to approve nominees by a simple majority vote. I voted against the nominee to be the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security due to the president’s unilateral changes to our immigration policies through executive actions. I cannot vote for someone who will not enforce our laws, even if it is by the president’s direction. I also voted against the nominee to be Surgeon General due to his positions favoring gun control, advocacy for doctors to counsel their patients about gun ownership and he’s professionally not qualified.
Every December, Diana disappears into the kitchen for a week and bakes almost non-stop for our annual Cookie Party. This year, she made nearly 200 dozen cookies to say thank you to all of the Senate support staff. This includes the Capitol Police, cafeteria workers, and many, many others who don’t always get thanked for the jobs they do, but their efforts don’t go unnoticed. My favorite is the chocolate cake squares with the peanut butter cream cheese frosting!
It’s not the name or failed marketing that makes Obamacare a terrible law as the Administration has suggested. It’s because the architects of the law failed to understand the policy details when they passed it. Unfortunately it’s taken the pain of their constituents to finally help some of them understand their mistake. Hopefully this will help us as we work in the next Congress to make our health care system better.
The IRS has improperly paid out more than $20 billion in tax credits, according to a report released Tuesday. Twenty billion dollars could pay military salaries, build roads, fix bridges, maintain national parks. It could even go toward our massive debt, but instead the IRS continues to blunder its way forward.
Wyoming approved the first law in the nation granting women the right to vote 145 years ago today. That historic event is now commemorated across our great state as Wyoming Day.
CollegeAtlas.org puts the University of Wyoming on the A-list of best colleges and universities. It’s #1 for out-of-state tuition and #12 for in-state.
On the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Diana and I reflect on the tragedy which shook the world. We must never forget the 2,400 people who lost their lives on this infamous day. We salute the veterans and survivors of Pearl Harbor and those who defended our freedom during World War II. Against overwhelming odds, they fought back courageously, and helped make our nation what it is today.
Congress passed legislation this week targeting Nazis. Yes, Nazis. There was a loophole in current law that allowed Nazis who had left America to still collect Social Security benefits. No longer. Of course war criminals should not be receiving any taxpayer-funded benefits. I am an original cosponsor of this bill that is on its way to the president for his signature.
This week I answer your questions on President Obama’s executive amnesty of illegal immigrants and the EPA’s most expensive regulation yet, which could cost our country trillions of dollars and millions of jobs. Click the link below to learn more in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
The Senate shouldn’t give consent to a Social Security Administration nominee while a potential investigation for serious misuse of funding and related matters is pending.
One of my biggest concerns for the future of our country is our national debt. It topped $18 trillion last week. Before he became our president, President Obama said it was irresponsible to add $4 trillion to the debt. Since he took over, about $7.4 trillion has been added. We still will have an executive in the White House next year who promotes unsustainable spending, but I am hopeful we can make progress on the deficit with new leadership in the Senate.
From legislation to letters, the Enzi Insider is a great way to stay informed on what I am working on weekly.
I grew up during our space race with the Soviet Union and have been very interested in space technology ever since. NASA is building a human space exploration system that will provide an entirely new capability to enable new missions of exploration throughout the solar system. Orion Exploration Flight Test-One (EFT-1) is scheduled for liftoff from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on Dec. 4, 2014 at 5:05 am Wyoming time.
Diana and I look forward to spending time with family and friends over the holiday. Whether you're at home or traveling to be with those close to you, remember those who aren't at home this holiday and are serving in the military. They and their families sacrifice every day protecting our way of life and keeping our nation safe.
The EPA’s ozone plan announced today is another excessive, aggressive, political proposal by this Administration that does not take into account the hardships it is going to cause people.  People who have a difficult time paying their energy bills will have a harder time because of this rule.  Businesses will cut back.  Jobs will be lost if this stands.  We’ll work to see that it doesn’t in the next Congress.
On this day in 1929, Francis Warren of #Wyoming, the last Union veteran in the #Senate, died. Thanks to the U.S. Senate Historical Office for the information. Learn more at http://1.usa.gov/1w2Qvz8
Fact checking President Obama's amnesty speech from Thursday night.
By circumventing Congress on immigration and instituting his will through executive actions, President Obama is eroding the very foundation of our country and form of government. This sets a dangerous precedent where future presidents can flout any law they happen to disagree with and alter the law without going through Congress. Each branch of government is to act as a check against the others and not sit idly by as one exercises authority it does not have. A constitutional law professor should know that.
One of the best ways to stay up to date on what I am working on in Washington is to read The Enzi Insider. This week’s Insider gives you an inside scoop on legislation approving faster drug treatments for Ebola, a letter opposing the Waters of the United States rule, and more. Take a look!
President Obama 22 times has called into question the executive actions he is planning on immigration. Speaker Boehner has compiled a list. Executive amnesty is wrong procedurally, constitutionally and it’s bad policy. The new majority in Congress will not stand idle.
The #KeystoneXL Pipeline was right six years ago when the issue came up and it is right now, but a majority of Senate Democrats voted it down today. I’m hopeful that will change when the new majority takes over. In Wyoming we know the importance of energy projects. They create jobs and help keep energy prices affordable for our nation. This pipeline is an important and overdue step toward lessening our dependence on not-so-friendly countries for our energy needs.
Responses to disasters should be guided and directed by those closest to the folks back home -- their elected officials on the local and state level. They are the ones who know best how to respond to a disaster in a way that is both supportive for those affected and mindful of our limited resources. Today the Senate Finance Taxation and IRS Oversight Subcommittee held a hearing examining current and proposed tax relief for areas affected by natural disasters. I spoke about the importance of making sure relief is directed to those who need it the most.
It was great to hear how SignBossLLC  has found success in Gillette making professional signs and working in graphic design. Thanks to everyone at SignBoss and Rick and Dana Eiland for the tour of their new facilities on November 3. #WyoWorks
Founded in a basement 20 years ago, Visionary in Gillette is now a large, geographically diverse Internet Service Provider, providing more than 20,000 customers with internet. It was great to hear how the company has thrived by being flexible. Thanks to President/CEO Brian Worthen for the tour on November 3. #WyoWorks
I visited with Rehab Solutions’ Drs. Dustin and Heather Martinson in Gillette on Nov. 3. I learned about their unique ways of treating patients to heal them quicker with lower cost. #WyoWorks
It is the entrepreneurs that are the job creators in our communities, but only 8 percent of people in America aspire to start their own business. I was proud and impressed to talk to the Gillette Chamber of Commerce 2014 Young Entrepreneur Academy class on November 3. Each individual in the academy comes up with a business idea and works on a business plan. The goal is for the student to launch their business by the end of the program. It is our young entrepreneurs that we must rely on to move our country forward. #WyoWorks
Stopped by Unker's Multi-Purpose Therapeutic Products in Upton on my #WyoWorks tour to see how this successful company makes their pain relief and personal care products. Proudly owned and run by women, the company recently sponsored a NASCAR driver Mike Wallace. Thanks to Diana McMillan, Joyce Allen, Sharon Mann, Bridget Hodson and George Materi for the tour on October 31.
Our state’s natural beauty and amazing recreational opportunities draw millions of people from around the world. I visited Deluxe Harley Davidson in Sundance on October 31 to see how they are working with the Wyoming Department of Tourism to develop innovative plans that benefit businesses, local economies and our state. Thanks to Manager Ron Gillis and Owners Chuck & Maria Ruiz for the tour on October 31. #WyoWorks
Small businesses are often at the heart of communities around Wyoming. I enjoyed having lunch with the Laramie Chamber Business Alliance Young Professionals on October 27 at the Library Sports Grill and Brewery. It’s great to see these young men and women working for their communities. #WyoWorks
Moving their headquarters from Colorado to Sheridan in 2011, Vacutech recognized the great business benefits that Wyoming offers. Vacutech manufactures high quality industrial vacuums, from car washes to dentist offices. Thanks to J.T. Tucker for the tour of the facility on October 29. #WyoWorks
While President Obama works to put our coal industry out of business, he’s encouraging China to build and develop theirs. The climate change agreement that was announced this week is a surrender of America’s interests now in exchange for China promising to honor a non-binding resolution starting in 15 years. This lopsided agreement could help grow the economy, put people to work, and keep energy rates affordable—in China. In America, this Administration’s policies are putting a dent in every family’s budget and this agreement continues that.  We’ll do what we can in Congress to put better policies in place, but the president is making it anything but easy.
Visited Holly Seed in Sheridan that produces and researches sugar beet seeds, a vital crop for the state of Wyoming and America. Thanks to Jim Fuller, Bill Sweem, David Harvey and Ron Groskopf for showing me what they do on October 29. #WyoWorks
Wahoo Frontier Topping and Johnny Midnite & Co in Buffalo is a family owned and operated business that uses the highest quality ingredients to create gourmet steak sauce, syrups, jams and other delicious products. Thanks to owners Jeff and Amy Sawyer for letting me get a feel for the job by bottling and sticking labels on some products on October 29.  #WyoWorks
I attended the 20th annual Cowboys Against Cancer benefit in Rock Springs on November 1 and helped auction off a cowboy hat to raise money. The money raised from this great event assists Sweetwater County residents who are diagnosed with cancer. It is always heart-warming to see how giving our communities in Wyoming can be when it comes to helping our neighbors.
I'm looking forward to legislating in the new Congress the way we should -- through committees, debate on the Senate floor, amendments, votes and an open process. Congratulations to our leaders including Senator John Barrasso who was re-elected GOP Policy Chairman.
I was honored to speak at the graduation ceremony for detention officers from the Wyoming Law Enforcement Academy on October 28 in Douglas. #WyoWorks
Employing over 100 people, EMIT Technologies in Sheridan works to get companies the best emission control products possible for the natural gas industry. They are unique in that EMIT not only manufactures the products, but offers field services, emission management, training and more to their customers. Thanks to EMIT co-founder and Vice President Sue Osborn for the tour.  #WyoWorks
While visiting the School of Energy Resources at the University of Wyoming, on October 27 I was able to experience what it was like to use their Shell 3-D Visualization research laboratory. The laboratory combines high-resolution stereoscopic projections and 3-D computer graphics to create a virtual environment where researchers can analyze, interpret and share a wide variety of spatially related data, allowing researches and students to take full advantage of the their information.  #WyoWorks
Wyoming has some of the best entrepreneurs in the world. At the Wyoming Technology Business Center in Laramie, they are helping some of these entrepreneurs turn great ideas into a successful business. Thanks to ESal, Alpenglow Instruments, and Bright Agrotech for taking the time to talk to me on October 27 about their up and coming businesses. #WyoWorks
Senator John Barrasso and I met today with Gold Medal Olympian Tommy Moe and Jackson Hole Mountain Resort President Jerry Blann in my DC office. Tommy Moe was the first American skier to win two medals in one year at the Olympic games.
Each year on Veterans Day we take a moment to reflect upon the blessings we have received as citizens of this great nation. Down through the years our veterans have established a proud legacy with their service. That’s why this is a good day to thank veterans you know for their willingness to serve. Because of them we have grown and prospered as a nation – and we will continue to do so. We join with the people of Wyoming and all Americans in expressing our great pride in all those who serve – or have served – in our armed forces. God bless them and their families.
Western Wyoming Community College is playing a vital role in working with businesses to help provide the skills needed to fill important jobs around the state. While visiting the campus in Rock Springs on October 23, I was impressed by WWCC’s advanced training facilities, from its fully-operational closed-loop oil well training center to the new 7,500-square-foot workforce training center. #WyoWorks
Founded over 100 years ago in Rock Springs, John Bunning Transfer Co., Inc is a proud Wyoming company with over 160 employees and 75 trucks. Thanks to Chris Bunning, Dave Bunning, Kimberly Reeves, Derek Dudinsky and Andy Fletcher for the tour on October 24, along with talking to me about the important issues facing their business. #WyoWorks
“Cowboys and ranchers from across the state filled the room at the Fort Reno building at the Wyoming State Fairgrounds in Douglas Sunday afternoon. They were there to recognize the first 32 inductees into the Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame…(Sen. Mike) Enzi said he felt privileged to be at the presentation and he was thrilled to see that someone had come up with the idea to honor the cowboys of Wyoming, because ‘This is the Cowboy State.’”
I always try to stop at Cowboy Donuts to get some of the best donuts in the state when I am in Rock Springs. Great to visit with owners Jay and Penny Hammond on October 24. #WyoWorks
I was impressed by the innovation at MESSCO in Rock Springs. An equipment manufacturer for the oil and gas industry, MESSCO has designed an advanced emissions control device that exceeds regulatory air quality standards. It is great to see a Wyoming company with such humble beginnings be able to use its ingenuity to find great success. Thanks to John Moneyhun, John Lyon, and Charles Whitaker for the tour on October 24. #WyoWorks
Congratulations to the 34 new Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame inductees. These individuals embody the Cowboy way of life that we in Wyoming strive for every day. I had a wonderful time attending the ceremony in Douglas on November 2, handing out medals, plaques and certificates - along with meeting their proud families. Special thanks to Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame President Scott Ratliff, Vice-President Russell “Pinky” Walter and Secretary Rhonda Sedgwick Stearns. #WyoWorks
Don’t forget, today is the last day to apply for a spring internship in my office in Washington, D.C. As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Click the link below to apply.
I appreciate the passion of the candidates and their supporters no matter how they finished because it takes courage to be on a ballot and we all want to make the world a better place. People sent representatives to Washington November 4 who promised to send back some of the power and freedoms that have been taken. Click below for my full statement.
At PacifiCorp’s Naughton Power Plant near Kemmerer, they employ over 100 individuals and have the generating capability of 700 megawatts of power. It was great to hear how the plant works with Western Wyoming Community College to train employees. Thanks to John Sparks, Rodger Holt, Shawn Smith, Ryan Witbeck for the tour on October 23. #WyoWorks
Libraries play an important role in our communities as a warehouse of knowledge, helping people remember the past and prepare for the future. I had a wonderful time speaking to the Chief Officers of State Library Agencies’ Annual Meeting in Jackson on October 22. Check out more of my Wyoming Works Tour here: http://bit.ly/1pi9OFA #WyoWorks
Visiting Performance Oil Tools/Wyoming Arms in Cody, I was able to see how these companies use state of the art machines to create specialized products right in Wyoming. While Performance Oil Tools manufactures important parts for the oil industry, Wyoming Arms crafts customized advanced sporting rifles. Thanks to Jeff Leisy, Tom Buckner and John Burns for the tour on October 21. #WyoWorks
EPA seeks absolute power to regulate Wyoming water. EPA should withdraw misguided rule.
Using beef exclusively from Wyoming ranchers, Wyoming Authentic Products in Cody is selling steaks, jerky, and more across state lines using the first in state USDA-certified meat processing facility. I always enjoy seeing a company advertise their product with “Wyoming pride”. Thanks to owner David Fales, Kristine Fales and Michelle Fales for taking the time to tell me about their great Wyoming company on October 21. #WyoWorks
During my tour of Northwest College, Instructor of Nursing Billy Crawford showed me how they use new technology to help students practice important skills, such as drawing blood.  Also thanks to Director of Nursing Marnee Crawford, Visiting Instructor of Nursing Christina Brewer, and Vice President of Academic Affairs Gerald Giraud for the tour of the new facility on October 21.  #WyoWorks
Toured Cody Laboratories to see how they research, develop and produce important medicine right here in Wyoming. Special thanks to President Bernhard Opitz and Director Ryan Osborne for the tour of their facilities in Cody on October 21. #WyoWorks
Visited this hauntingly decorated hotel/restaurant in Wyoming last week. Can you name this famous building?
I was impressed by Firenze, the new Italian steakhouse in Worland. Thanks to the owners Todd and Nicole Scheuerman, and general manager Lance Martinez, for giving us a tour and explaining the history of Firenze. It will certainly be a great addition to the area. #WyoWorks
At the Wyoming Sugar Company refinery in Worland, they are going through 23 tons of sugar beets a day. The facility, which is completely grower-owned, recently added two new storage silos to help with production. Thanks to Richard McKamey, Vince Salzman, John Snyder Jr and Todd Bryngelson for the tour when I visited on Oct 20. #WyoWorks
We’re number one! Wyoming ranks best in nation for tax climate according to Tax Foundation.
First opened in 1947 with only two types of soda and two full-time employees, Admiral Beverages in Worland is a true Wyoming success story. They now employ 500 employees in Wyoming alone, along with producing and/or distributing Pepsi, Dr Pepper and MillerCoors products across eight states. Thanks to A.J. Jenness for showing Diana and I the bottling facility on October 20. It was interesting to see the state of the art bottling techniques they are using.  #WyoWorks
Nearly every Coors and Miller beer is made with some Wyoming barley, the best in the world. Thanks to Tom Crichton, Dave Dougherty and Scott Heessel for the tour for MillerCoors Barley station in Worland on October 20. The facility collects enough barley in a year to make 87,500,000 cases of beer. #WyoFact #WyoWorks
I have two bills that will work together to rein in out-of-control spending and reform our broken budget and appropriations process.
You should see where I’ve been. You should see what I’ve seen. You can. Wyoming works! Click here for an interactive experience of my continuing journey through Wyoming as I learn directly from the working folks of our state - what it is they do, how they do it and what they need to do it better.
Visited the WyoTech - Laramie automotive program on October 16 to see how they help students gain the skills they need to compete for a better job, command higher wages and start a career that will lead to meaningful wage progression. Thanks to President Guy Warpness, Director of Education Caleb Perriton, Director of Career Services Martin Axlund and the whole WyoTech team for all the information. #WyoWorks
Thanks to the folks at LM Olson, a general contractor and construction management company based in Rawlins, for talking to me on October 16 about the important issues facing the construction industry. I also visited their recent project, the Carbon County Higher Education Career and Technical Education Center. The beautiful new 28,000-square-foot facility in Rawlins will help train high school and adult learners in health education, construction, welding, woodworking, automotive work, and more. #WyoWorks
Diana and I were heartbroken to learn of the passing of Al Wiederspahn, Rep. Cynthia Lummis' husband.  I got to serve with Al when he was a legislator. He has been a leader and a risk taker as he improved Cheyenne, particularly keeping the downtown vital. He has also provided support and encouragement for Cynthia. He will be missed. Our prayers are with Cynthia and Annaliese.
Diana and I were so saddened to hear about the passing of Judge Clarence Brimmer.  He will be missed. He has been a joy to visit and learn from. I have always appreciated his knowledge of the law and the way he blended that with common sense, able to get to the heart of the matter. He made some decisions in court cases involving the federal government and Gillette while I was mayor that made a difference for our community.  He kept working, all the while helping to make Wyoming and our country a better place.  Diana and I send our thoughts and prayers to Judge Brimmer’s family and to all the people who knew him and appreciate the wonderful person he was.
By selling reclaimed snow fence wood that is collected from maintaining the 500+ miles of snow fences around Wyoming, Centennial Woods in Laramie has saved the state $18 million and created a successful business. A smart idea from a Wyoming company that counts Bass Pro Shops, Amazon, Starbucks, and many more businesses and contractors as their customers. Thanks to Ed Spal, John Pope and Mike Thomas, for showing us around their facility on October 17.
It was a treat to stop by the Lander Bake Shop on Oct 15 and try their homemade baked goods. #WyoWorks
I learned from employees of Wyoming Community Bank in Lander on Oct 15 how the government’s new regulations are making it harder for individuals to get a loan when they need it. #WyoWorks
With over 50,000 brands using their product, Wyoming’s PitchEngine tech startup is now moving into new territory by investing in websites to provide instant local news to Wyoming’s communities. Thanks to Founder/CEO Jason Kintzler and the PitchEngine team for explaining what they do and showing Diana and I around their offices in Lander on October 15.
Offering the ability to customize your own binoculars, Maven Outdoor Equipment Company in Lander is working hard to be another in a long line of successful startups in the Cowboy state. Thanks to Maven founders Cade Maestas, Mike Lilygren and Brendon Weaver for taking the time to tell me more about their company on October 15. #WyoWorks
My Small Business Fairness in Health Care Act would help address reductions in pay and hours workers face as a result of Obamacare.
This year Wyoming Catholic College had its largest freshman class ever. Diana and I were pleased to meet with President Dr. Kevin Roberts and Fr. Chris Saliga, O.P. on October 15 and visit their new building in downtown Lander. It’s good to see this Wyoming college growing. #WyoWorks
Really enjoyed taking questions and talking with the kids at Lander Middle School on October 14. We talked about the importance of education and planning at a young age for what skills a person needs to get the job they want in their field of interest. #WyoWorks
When construction is completed, the Job Corps Center in Riverton will offer vocational and educational training to young people ages 16 to 24 in order to prepare them for a career and allow them to grow the skills for a high paying 21st century job. I toured the Job Corps Center site October 14 with Justin Swift, Glenn Hoyle, and Sandy Luers. #WyoWorks
I was impressed by Central Wyoming College’s cutting-edge pro-technical building, including the access to 3D  printers. While I was there they were constructing a bolt and nut through this state-of-the-art technology. Thanks to Jennifer Metcalf, Workforce and Community Education Specialist, for showing us how all the technology works October 14. #WyoWorks
I visited the Lander High School metals class October 13. The skills learned in the class, such as welding and design, can be the start for many great careers in high demand jobs. #WyoWorks
I had a great time riding in the University of Wyoming homecoming parade this morning. I think this was the best turnout yet. Excited to watch UW take on San Jose State. Go Pokes!
Stopped by the BOCES military science class at Lander High School October 13. Whether the students follow a family tradition of serving in the military, are the first in their family to join, or choose another career path entirely, the leadership, hard work, and specialized skills learned in this class will provide a strong foundation for their future. #WyoWorks
Learned a lot at Bighorn Divide and Wyoming Railroad in Shoshoni October 13, a shortline railroad that supports critical rail transportation in the state and is owned and managed locally. Thanks to CEO Cliff Root and President Oscar Kelsey for showing Diana and I around their facilities. #WyoWorks
When folks are a little older it can be much harder to have the skills and confidence needed to re-enter the workforce. The Experience Works Program delivered across the state provides employment training for folks 55 and older to help improve their skills, and deliver a confidence boost that can aid participants in landing a new job. Thanks to Bruce Albers, Chuck Oswald, and Mike Myers, and those folks participating in the program in the Casper office for talking with me October 10 about the how the Experience Works Program operates. #WyoWorks
A surprise performance Oct. 10 by music instructors in the impressive Wheeler Concert Hall at Casper College was a beautiful experience. And the year-old concert hall itself is quite spectacular. A special thanks to Paula Flynn, Jennifer Cowell, and Veronica Turner for performing “Five Hebrew Love Songs” by Eric Whitacre. #WyoWorks
Students at Casper College now have the opportunity to work on medical dummies that breathe, blink and more, while training in health science classes. It’s valuable to have Casper College’s capabilities for health care workforce training expanded in this way. Thanks to Simulation Center Program Director David Bodily, MS, RN, and Dean of Health Science Tammy Frankland, PhD, for the tour October 10. #WyoWorks
October 10 at the McMurry Training Center in Casper I was able to test out their “skid car”, which lets students learn what it is like to skid out of control in bad weather. With programs focused on welding, truck driving, safety and more, the McMurry Training Center is helping provide the “industry-driven, short-term, high-intensity” training programs needed to help employees develop important skills to ensure that they can succeed. #WyoWorks
Last call! The deadline to apply for the spring U.S. Senate page program in Washington, D.C. is coming up on November 5. If you are a Wyoming junior in high school with at least a 3.0 grade point average, make sure to apply for an opportunity to learn firsthand how the U.S. Senate works and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply. http://1.usa.gov/SZFh8w
With over 110 turbines, the Top of the World wind farm near Glenrock can power about 60,000 homes across the country. It’s exciting to see young Wyomingites like Bob Ross, Senior Lead Tech, and Brian Halstead, area manager, leading the way in the field for others in the state who might be interested in a career in wind power. Thanks again for the great tour and answering all my questions.  #WyoWorks
Thanks to the Johnny J’s Diner crew in Casper for being such a great team. I liked the broasted chicken if you get a chance to stop by, it’s hard to beat. Special thanks to John Johnson, president of the Johnson Restaurant Group, and General Manager Joshua DeArmon for discussing challenges faced by businesses in Wyoming, such as Obamacare. #WyoWorks
Relying on coal from the Powder River Basin, the Dave Johnston Power Plant near Glenrock was commissioned in 1958 and has been expanded and upgraded over the years. Now it employs almost 200 people. Despite hundreds of millions of dollars of recent upgrades to help control emissions, the future of the plant is in jeopardy due to new EPA regional haze pollution regulations. This Administration is clearly waging a war on coal. I have, and will continue, to fight against such destructive regulations. Thanks again to Matt Grant, Al Dugan and Anne Prettyman for their tour of the plant.
Welding has become one of the most in demand skills in America today. At Eastern Wyoming College (EWC) in Torrington, students in the welding and machine tooling program are learning the skills that could help them get almost immediate job placement with significant pay. I have lawyers telling me nowadays that they should have chosen a career as a welder. These programs and others at EWC are teaching the essential skills that will help many Americans move into higher-paying jobs. Thanks to EWC welding instructors Stan Nicholls, Joel Alworth, Tim Anderson and Lynn Bedient, and the students, for taking the time to show Diana and I around the welding program and show us what projects they are working on. #WyoWorks
Thanks to Sage Truck Driving Schools in Cheyenne for showing me how they train about 150 students a year to become truck drivers. With an almost 100% job placement rate after graduation, Sage students are gaining the skills needed to move into a important career that helps keep America running.  #WyoWorks
Laramie County Community College (LCCC) has shown great resourcefulness and success in developing courses that meet the dual needs of college credit and workplace knowledge and skill development. I saw the hard work of their students and success of their programs yesterday touring the campus in Cheyenne. LCCC offer offers nearly 80 associate degrees and almost 30 certificates of completion, along with numerous non-credit classes to over 4,000 full-time students. Click through the photos to learn more about individual programs, such as the specialized wind energy program they have on campus. #WyoWorks
Safeway grocery stores employees over 600 full-time and part-time people across the state of Wyoming. As part of my Wyoming Works Tour, I visited one of their stores in Cheyenne, where I was able to go behind the scenes and see how they prepare the produce, meat, and baked goods daily. Thanks to Joey Sparks (store manager), Jay Gomez (regional manager), and everyone else at team Safeway for taking the time to show me around and explain the stores daily operations. #WyoWorks
Did you know that Wyoming is host to one of best supercomputers in the world? As part of my Wyoming Works Tour, I visited the NCAR Wyoming Supercomputer Center in Cheyenne on Tuesday. It provides universities access to a unique super computer that allows research of highly complex earth systems, such as weather patterns. It also hosts an amazing data storage and archival facility that can hold a thousands times more information than the Library of Congress currently holds. #WyoWorks
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a spring internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is November 6. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below. 
Touring the Microsoft Data Center in Cheyenne was a fascinating look at how companies like Microsoft store data and their efforts to make sure it is always available and protected. The data center is part of a $274 million investment by Microsoft in Cheyenne’s new LEADS North Range Business Park. Thanks to Lance Gold, Danny Horton, and Chris Tetlow for showing me around their facility on Monday. With our affordable energy, fiber optics and a cool and dry climate that helps limit the costs of daily operations, more and more tech companies are finding out that Wyoming is the perfect location to house these important data centers. #WyoWorks
The importance of Wyoming’s small businesses to our communities cannot be underestimated. On Monday I spoke to members of the Greater Cheyenne Chamber of Commerce about what I am doing in Washington to help those businesses be able to grow, such as my Small Business Fairness in Health Care bill, designed to allow businesses to expand and hire new employees by minimizing the Obamacare employer mandate. #WyoWorks
The new emergency department and regional cancer center at the Cheyenne Regional Medical Center are quite impressive. I toured the new facilities yesterday as part of my Wyoming Works Tour. The facilities are very thoughtfully designed in a way that reflects the needs of patients and the community. #WyoWorks
Check out the Enzi Insider for more information on what I’m working on in Washington! This week’s Insider gives you an inside scoop on legislation regarding the influx of unaccompanied alien minors crossing the southern border, small airport regulation relief, reforming the National Labor Relations Board, and more. Take a look!  
It was an honor to present Robert James from Gillette with the Purple Heart award. The ceremony took place last Saturday in Saratoga. Robert showed extreme bravery as a member of the Wyoming National Guard serving in Iraq from June 2006 through October 2007. He was injured by a roadside bomb while serving with the 1041st Engineering Company out of Rock Springs. We are very grateful for his service and courage and I want to thank him, and all our country’s veterans, for making the world a better place.
Last week I got to visit a great antique store and fascinating museum in Encampment, a facility where they fix up rail cars in Bill, and the Diesel Program at Northern WY Community College in Gillette. This was the start of my “Wyoming Works Tour”, where I will be travelling all over the state visiting businesses and learning about what they do. Make sure to check out the great photos. #WyoWorks
This week the first case of Ebola was diagnosed in the U.S. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has put together an Ebola virus website with the most complete and up-to-date information on the disease.
According to an independent office within the Small Business Administration (SBA), a controversial rule the EPA is pushing under the Clean Water Act would have a big impact on economic activity and small businesses. The SBA office said the EPA erred and should withdraw its proposal. The rule would give the federal government more control over streams, creeks, and wetlands. If the EPA’s quest to control all water is successful then that one federal agency will control more than just our water. It’s time Congress exercises its authority as a check against the executive power. I am the sponsor of S.J. Res 34, an amendment to the Constitution that would give states the ability to repeal federal laws and regulations when two-thirds of the states agree.  I also joined Senator John Barrasso in support of his bill, S. 2496, that would specifically stop the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers from finalizing this rule. 
U.S. District Judge Berman Jackson’s decision to deny Wyoming the authority to manage wolves on its own lands, even though she and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agree that wolves are recovered in the Northern Rockies, shows how deficient Washington, D.C. can be of common sense. The U.S. Senate, if allowed to work as intended ensures each state is represented, no matter its population. It is important for people all over the West to work to change the way the Senate is now being run so that the Wyoming delegation and others of like mind are able to work through essential legislative changes to the Endangered Species Act and other wildlife, land management and energy policies. When these policies are abused as they have been by this Senate majority and Administration, it severely detracts from the Wyoming way of life. 
Congratulations to Southside Elementary School in Powell, Highland Park Elementary in Sheridan and Glenn Livingston Elementary School in Cody for being chosen as National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2014. It is great to see our schools nationally recognized for their hard work. I know their dedication to learning and innovative approach to education is also shared in schools throughout the state.
The problem with myths is that they go around the world twice while the truth is getting its tennis shoes on. I was pleased to attend an affordable energy rally in Gillette last week, where I called on folks to speak out against the outdated myths that portray coal as a bad energy source for America. 
I enjoyed attending the Westwood High School and Lakeview Elementary School dedications in Gillette on Thursday. When Diana and I moved to Gillette there were only two schools. With the boom another school was needed and they brought double-wide trailers in near our house. There was no gym. They were basically four walls, a roof, floor and little else. In the early boom days Campbell County didn't have money. Mineral money doesn't appear until the oil or gas or coal are sold, but the boom construction still brings people and people have kids. Now Campbell County coal payments help fund schools all over Wyoming. It is nice to celebrate schools in the state.
All Americans should have access to reliable telephone service. Unfortunately, chronic call completion issues exist for too many rural American families and businesses, affecting commerce, public safety and even connecting with family and friends. Today Senator John Barrasso and I, along with other western and rural senators, asked the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission to take the steps necessary to address call completion issues. 
Today Attorney General Eric Holder announced that he would resign in the coming months. I’ve always expressed my concerns with Eric Holder being the attorney general. I did not support his confirmation in 2009 and have repeatedly called on him to resign due to his willingness to obstruct everyone, even Congress, when questioned about controversial decisions he has made. The Department of Justice is supposed to be the chief law enforcement entity of government, not a shield from transparency and accountability. Hopefully Eric Holder leaving his post will lead the way for needed changes at the department that will help restore America’s faith in the notion that no one is above the law, even those in government.
Moose on the loose! This morning just down the street from my Cheyenne office a moose was seen wandering outside the Supreme Court building. He must have wanted to protest and appeal yesterday’s wolf protection decision. Unfortunately, the moose has the wrong venue. The state owns all the wildlife, but has just had wolf population control taken away by a Washington D.C. District Court Judge. Thanks to my staff for sharing this story.
I was disappointed by a federal judge’s recent ruling that will reinstate protections for the gray wolf in Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act. I trust Wyoming wildlife managers for how to best manage our state’s wildlife
When travelling around Wyoming I hear a recurring question from constituents: When is Congress going to do something to help those without a job get back on their feet? I actually have some good news for folks. The Senate passed a jobs bill that I had worked on for over a decade, 95 to 3. It was signed into law this summer. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act is a very bipartisan and important bill that will help fill the hundreds of thousands of good jobs that are still open across the country because of a lack of folks with the skill set needed to perform those jobs. Learn more here: 
Recently I received the Champion of the Worker award. Given by the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the award honors those with a pro-worker voting record on key employment and workforce issues during this Congress. Just like CEI, I work hard to give workers and business what they really need to succeed - the freedom to innovate.
I was honored to receive the Guardian of Small Business award last week from the National Federation of Independent Business’ President and CEO Dan Danner. As a former small business owner in Wyoming, I know the difficulties of running your own business. Through my work on the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I have supported legislation to make it easier for all Americans to work for themselves, cutting red tape and expanding access to grants and loans to help get their businesses off the ground.
Six years ago today, TransCanada applied to build the Keystone XL pipeline. That’s six years without the jobs this project would create here in America. #TimeToBuild
Last night the Senate was once again forced to take a vote on a spending bill to fund the government without being able to offer any amendments and without any meaningful debate. It was a take it or leave it vote with a $1.1 trillion annual rate of spending. For all these reasons and more I voted against the bill. This is not how Congress was designed to work. It’s not how it should work. It’s not how it could work. These catch-all spending bills with no opportunities for amendments are part of the reason we have a country deep in debt and a Congress with an approval rating lower than root canals or colonoscopies.
Happy 67th birthday to the U.S. Air Force! Thank you to all those who serve at F.E. Warren Air Force Base and those who serve their country around the world. As Chairman of the Senate Air Force Caucus I’m proud to represent them and support their role in our nation’s defense.
Changes in energy tax policy may look appetizing to those who want more money for the federal government, but if done without proper thought or transitioning, they could do some real damage to the country.  
Happy Constitution Day! Today, the day delegates at the U.S. Constitutional Convention signed the Constitution in 1787 in Philadelphia, we celebrate the magnificent document that laid the foundation for this great country. #ConstitutionDay
Last week I joined more than 50 senators in calling on the EPA to extend the comment period for one of its most complex and costly rules targeting power plants. Today the agency announced a 45-day extension for the public to offer input.  I hope people will use this time to let the EPA know there are more productive ways to improve the environment than crippling job creators and making it harder for people to pay their bills. I am joined by many of my colleagues in standing against this Administration’s effort to put coal out of business. 
Today I spoke at the Wyoming Air Force Association congressional breakfast about the importance of our nation’s Air Force, not only for Wyoming, but for the protection of our country at home and abroad. Very lucky to have many current and former Air Force members attending, some from Cheyenne, along with Senator John Barrasso and Rep. Cynthia Lummis. I am always pleased that through my role as Chairman of the Senate Air Force Caucus, I am able to spend time with and learn from the men and women who serve in this great organization.
Congress is planning to vote on another short-term continuing resolution to fund the government, adding more to our debt. But like my mom and dad told me “You shouldn’t just complain, you should have solutions.” Today I spoke on the Senate floor about my Penny Plan and biennial budget bill, which are common-sense solutions that will end deficit spending and bring our budget process into the 21st century. Understanding how to reach and maintain our nation’s financial health is not rocket science. It requires exercising common sense and commitment.
This Administration has aggressively looked for every opportunity to expand its reach into our lives and pocketbooks. This includes EPA garnishment of Americans’ wages without a court order. Senator Barrasso and I joined some of our Senate colleagues today to introduce a bill that would require a court order before the EPA could garnish wages.
In less than a month, the new federal fiscal year begins and yet this Senate has not passed a single appropriations bill for the next year. Instead we are being presented with another short-term continuing resolution. This is not the way the government should operate, nor does it meet the expectations of those who sent us to Washington to represent them. Recently I sent a letter to my Senate colleagues asking them to support my biennial budget bill. Similar to how the Wyoming Legislature works, this bill would force the federal government to budget over a two-year window giving Congress more time to scrutinize spending and eliminate duplication and waste. 
The EPA is proposing one of the most complex and costly rules of this administration. It will regulate and affect the generation, transmission, and use of electricity in every corner of the country. The burden will fall on the states to implement new emission reductions at the expense of customers whose rates will only go up. Given all of that, we are asking the agency to give states and stakeholders more time to fully analyze and assess the sweeping impacts that the proposal will have on our nation’s energy system, including dispatch of generation and end-use energy efficiency.
The Senate majority is attempting to censor political speech by rewriting the First Amendment. Their proposed amendment is designed to give Congress blanket authority to define what political speech qualifies as acceptable or not. Protecting the right of every American to speak their mind shouldn’t be a partisan issue.
Today we remember the events of September 11 and honor the memory of all those who lost their lives during those terrorist attacks. In the end, what was supposed to divide us in fear instead brought us together as one, more strongly committed to the principles and values that made us the United States of America.
The National Park Service has presented management alternatives that would restrict motor travel in some way on the Moose-Wilson Road within Grand Teton National Park. One alternative would establish a reservation system for driving on the road. The service is asking for comments from the community on different plans it has drawn up. It is important that the community be involved when it comes to determining local access to our national parks. I encourage you to click the link below to leave a comment and let your voice be heard. The comment period closes Sept. 15.
Across the country, Obamacare approval ratings continue to drop. It’s time the Senate majority allowed votes on sensible alternatives to alleviate the disastrous effects of the law. My Small Business Fairness in Health Care bill would help spur job growth by providing small businesses and their workers protection from some of the oppressive provisions in the law. Find out more at : http://1.usa.gov/1wfbf6o
On Tuesday, Senator John Barrasso and I were proud to congratulate Scott O’Tremba on being Wyoming’s 2014 Secondary School Principal of the Year. Scott is the principal at Lovell High School and known for his willingness to work with his community and ensure that the kids are always the priority. Keep up the great work!
Unbelievably, the Senate majority wants to amend the Constitution in order to  give Congress more control over Americans’ free speech rights. The majority wants Congress to be able to define what speech qualifies as acceptable political speech and what doesn’t. It’s shameful the lengths this majority leadership will go to retain power.  Our First Amendment right to free speech is such a basic and important right that protects our other rights. It helps keep government accountable and should remain a right for every American, not just those whose party is in control.
Thanks for sharing all your concerns with me as I met with residents in all 23 counties in Wyoming this summer. This fall I’m going to visit with businesses across the state to learn more about what they need. #WyoWorksTour
This year the federal government is projected to add $506 billion to our national debt, according to the Congressional Budget Office. That’s over $16,000 dollars a second. We need to stop this overspending before it’s too late. That’s why I’ve introduced my Penny Plan bill. By cutting just a single penny from every dollar the government spends we could balance the budget, putting our country back on the fiscal path to prosperity in just three years. No fudging numbers, no smoke-and-mirrors accounting - it’s that easy.
On Tuesday I was able to spend some time behind the counter helping customers checkout at a Maverik convenience store in Gillette. It was a great experience that reminded me of the days when I worked retail in Gillette at my shoe store. I always enjoy being able to visit with small businesses around the state, giving me the opportunity to hear what issues are most important to them.
Within 10 years the number of uninsured Americans may increase by 10 percent, according to a new study looking at the effects of Obamacare. Those who already have plans on the federal exchanges could see their annual costs skyrocket by 96 percent. Obamacare has clearly failed the American people, hurting those most in need of help along the way. The Senate minority has offered solutions, but has been blocked at every turn by the Senate majority. The American people deserve better.
NA
The typical American family’s income has gone down every year since 2007. The total decline has been about 8 percent. This president and Senate majority’s “more government” policies and attempts to divide the country based on race, gender, age or income for political gain aren’t helping. We need to restore economic freedom and genuine opportunity to build a healthy economy. Government doesn’t create jobs - hardworking Americans do.
If the federal government doesn’t cut spending, soon we will be paying more in interest annually on our debt than we spend on national defense. The interest we pay on our debt doesn’t buy anything. A large portion of it just pays people in other countries for loaning us money. But there is a solution - my Penny Plan. It would cut one penny from every dollar the federal government spends, balancing the budget in just three years. Learn more at: www.enzi.senate.gov/pennyplan
NA
There are over 15,000 women-owned companies in Wyoming, but they still only represent 25 percent of Wyoming’s total businesses. Through my work on the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I have supported legislation to make it easier for all Americans to work for themselves by cutting red tape and expanding access to grants and loans to help get their businesses off the ground. Click below to learn more about the wonderful women-owned business across the state and the great resources available, such as the Wyoming Women’s Business Center.
Check out the Enzi Insider for more information on what I’m working on in Washington. This week’s Insider gives you an inside scoop on legislation regarding Israel’s self-defense, returning Abandoned Mine Land payments, a letter requesting that Star Valley Ranch be provided with a unique ZIP Code, and more. Take a look!
Looking back on the many joys and hardships of those before us is both a moving and inspirational experience. I am pleased that the Homesteaders Museum in Torrington is hosting the Museum on Main Street exhibit “Journey Stories”. It is a combination of engaging visuals and historic artifacts that take you on the exploration many endured from the Mayflower to the Golden State. The exhibit is in town through September 14.
Advice to my grandkids: Have family traditions – times you set aside to do things with the family.
New exploration means affordable energy and affordable energy means a stronger America. It’s a shame this Administration continues to block offshore exploration. Blocking energy development weighs down our economy and gives countries like China an advantage. Senator John Barrasso and I recently joined Senator Lisa Murkowski in urging the Department of Interior to open up and expand development of oil and gas resources in federal offshore areas.
This week I sent a letter to all my Senate colleagues asking them to support my Penny Plan. It’s a common sense way to balance the budget in just 3 years by reducing government spending by one percent each year. Click the link below to find out more and to read the letter.
This week’s Enzi Insider updates you on what I have been working on in Washington for you. Stay informed on various legislative activities, ranging from amendments to the Bring Jobs Home Act to the efforts to provide more resources to forest restoration programs. 
Green River is in New York City...Green River Cliffs as part of the Art Everywhere program. http://arteverywhereus.org/ #ArtEverywhereUS
I picked this bumper sticker up in Buffalo recently. #Wyoming #Lucky
The federal government still owes Wyoming money in the form of abandoned mine land payments. My colleagues have committed to help me fix this situation and I intend to see that we do. 
Mr. Cook writes, “…the general sentiment was that if you didn't want to cast tough, controversial votes, you shouldn't have run for Congress.” I still believe we were sent to Washington to legislate. That means being able to get votes on your ideas and also having to take tough votes related to the ideas of others.
Looking to stay up-to-date on what I’m working on for you in Washington? Check out The Enzi Insider! From legislation to letters, it’s a great way to stay informed. This week’s Enzi Insider updates you on my efforts to halt the EPA from relying on secret data, requesting information on an investigation into the discovery of smallpox samples stored improperly, and more.  
NA
Today Sen. Barrasso and I had the pleasure of meeting in my office with Wyoming FFA members Quade Palm from Medicine Bow and Heather Loraas, Kassi Witt, Flannan Stark, and Averi Reynolds from Casper. We talked about their efforts to raise awareness about agricultural education and career opportunities in the tech sector. It is always great to see young people who strive to make Wyoming better!
Because America has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world, companies don’t bring those earnings back home and instead reinvest outside of the United States. This is having a real impact on jobs. My amendments to the “Bring Jobs Home Act” would update America’s tax code for the 21st century, encouraging job creation and investment at home. 
Many states, including Wyoming, worry that federal agencies withhold the data and science they use during the Endangered Species Act (ESA) listing process. To address this concern, I joined efforts by Senator John Cornyn and others to require this data to be published online for listing or delisting federally endangered and threatened species. I recently introduced similar legislation that would require all data and science be disclosed to the states before any ESA decision can be made and that the best scientific data used includes data provided by the affected states. It’s past time this “most transparent Administration in history” be held accountable with real transparency.
Many families are very familiar with the challenge of saving for the future well-being and needs of their children. A family with a disabled individual faces even more unique emotional and financial obstacles. Today I spoke in favor of the ABLE Act, which would allow those with disabilities and their families to open tax-exempt accounts so that they can plan how to best use their own funds to cover their living expenses. This legislation would be an important step in helping disabled individuals support themselves, pursue their dreams, and put themselves in a place of greater financial security. 
Today’s conflicting court decisions on Obamacare shows what happens when one political party, or the White House, presses its agenda heedless of the opposition of millions. It creates a huge mess and no one gets what they want. Some of my colleagues and I are working on plans to lower health care costs and help individuals get what they want by giving them back the power to make their own health care decisions. We’ll continue to move forward whether the courts help us or not.
Today the president signed into law a bill that I’ve been working on for more than a decade. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act will help workers learn the skill they need to get meaningful jobs. As our economy changes, our workforce will be better prepared. It’s important to remember that having a skilled workforce shouldn’t be a partisan issue. This should be an area where we can always find common ground and work together to ensure our workers have the skills they need to compete in the ever-changing global economy.
Wyoming’s congressional delegation are among the top “cutters” of federal spending according to the National Taxpayers Union. We have supported hundreds of billions of dollars in federal cost savings. We all learned in the Wyoming legislature that you don’t spend money you don’t have and that it is possible to do more with less. The quicker more members of Congress learn that lesson, the faster we can get around to balancing the budget and paying off our $17 trillion national debt. One of the bills that would cut the most federal spending is my Penny Plan. Click below to learn more.
Democratic Republic of the Congo’s prohibition of international adoptions, protecting knife owners traveling across state lines, blocking the EPA’s takeover of your water and more in this week’s Enzi Insider!
National Day of the American Cowboy is officially July 26! Senator Barrasso and I introduced a resolution that the Senate unanimously passed yesterday to honor the accomplishments and contributions of cowboys across the nation. U.S. Senator Craig Thomas started this tradition of naming the fourth Saturday in July “National Day of the American Cowboy” in 2005 and the day coincides each year with Cheyenne Frontier Days. Since Thomas’ passing, we have continued the tradition in honor of his legacy.
The Endangered Species Act has long been a sore spot for states. Their expertise in managing species within their borders is often ignored and the data used to justify a listing is not always disclosed. This week I was joined by Senators John Barrasso, Pat Roberts, and John Thune in introducing a bill that would give states the voice they need to make sure endangered species are protected and that what’s happening on the ground is not ignored by Washington. We should embrace a state’s experience instead of running from it.
The Environmental Protection Agency needs to publicly disclose the secret science behind its costly regulations. I joined with Senators John Barrasso, David Vitter and others in introducing legislation that would block the EPA from using undisclosed science to justify new rules. If the EPA can’t publicly justify a rule then the public just shouldn’t have to suffer under it.
Wyoming veterinarians will soon be able to provide better care to livestock thanks to legislation the Senate passed overwhelmingly this week. Allowing vets to carry and dispense the medicine their patients need into the field will have an immediate impact in rural and remote areas where transporting livestock to the nearest town just isn’t practical or possible.
The Senate majority leader scheduled a vote on a bill to override the recent Supreme Court Hobby Lobby decision. Americans should have the right to make their own decision on this issue. As Washington Post fact checker Glenn Kessler pointed out, “the court ruling does not outlaw contraceptives, does not allow bosses to prevent women from seeking birth control and does not take away a person’s religious freedom”. This is just another attempt by the Senate majority to rally its followers in an election year.
The EPA decided to withdraw its direct final rule on administrative wage garnishment. That’s good news for Wyoming and all those who care about private property rights. I thank Senators Barrasso, Vitter, McConnell, Thune and all those who joined us in fighting this rule. We can’t stop now though. The EPA continues its pursuit of private and state water and its crusade against coal. The agency already has about 50 more regulations that have been proposed. We all need to stand up to this bureaucratic bully. 
A new report from the Congressional Budget Office predicts that long-term government spending will far exceed its revenue. Budget deficits are projected to rise steadily and push federal debt as a percentage of the economy up to levels seen only once in U.S. history just before WWII. My penny plan would prevent that from happening. Learn more at www.enzi.senate.gov/pennyplan
In 2009 I warned that the Dodd-Frank Act was creating a new, huge, and unaccountable government bureaucracy with great power over people, but the majority voted to create the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau anyway and not make it answer to Congress for funding. Now the same bureau that can make it harder for you to get your mortgage loan if it doesn’t think you manage your finances well enough isn’t keeping its own house in order. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau estimated the cost to renovate its rented building at $55 million in 2010, now the bureau wants to spend $215.8 million and counting, but still have no accountability to Congress.
NA
The Department of Defense has decided to stop helping states fight forest fires because the old vehicles they donate don’t meet EPA air quality standards. EPA air standards are preventing resources being used to fight air-polluting forest fires. I’ve joined some of my Senate colleagues in asking the Department of Defense to make a common sense course correction
Happy Birthday Wyoming! On this day in 1890, we became the 44th state.
There’s a reason I’m holding this flag today. Any folks in Wyoming know why?
Today Senators David Vitter, John Barrasso and I asked the EPA to withdraw its direct final rule that would make it easier for the EPA to garnish the wages of private citizens. As Americans were preparing to celebrate Independence Day and our freedoms, the EPA was quietly seeking another way to take away some of those freedoms. You may want to look into this rule and comment. 
Diana and I are looking forward to spending tomorrow with family and friends at the Campbell County Centennial celebration. Happy Independence Day from our family to yours.
Over $17 trillion in debt, our country’s spending is endangering our fiscal future, but there are solutions. My Penny Plan is a simple and straightforward way to balance the budget. It’s time to take away the federal government’s credit cards. #PennyPlan #CutWorstFirst
There’s more evidence this week that we need to replace Obamacare with a manageable and market-based health care system. The health department’s own inspector general issued a report that says Obamacare exchanges were not able to verify incomes or residency of millions of Obamacare enrollees to determine eligibility.
I was pleased to read that part of Wyoming, the "Green River Cliffs", will be shared with the rest of the nation through a national art show. Wyoming's rich and beautiful history makes a great addition to this project which has select art being displayed in theaters, airports, malls and more.
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of religious liberty today in the Hobby Lobby contraception case. I am pleased the court affirmed that Americans have that right to make their own decision on this issue.
Recently Congressman Lummis and I had the pleasure of meeting four outstanding Wheatland 8th graders and their science teacher who competed against 4,400 teams in the Army’s eCYBERMISSION competition and came in first place within their grade! The event focuses on finding ways to use science, technology, engineering and math to solve real-world problems and they developed a system for converting school locker banks into safety zones to provide students and teachers shelter during a tornado. Congratulations to Haiden Moody, Joey Madsen, Jacob Stafford, Christian Moody, and their teacher Miken Harnish!
Yesterday Sen. John Barrasso, Rep. Cynthia Lummis, and I had the pleasure to meet with Wyoming’s 2014 Presidential Scholar Award winners, Kirsi Anselmi-Stith from Rock Springs and Jacob Colman from Casper, on the Capitol steps. The award honors some of our nation's most distinguished graduating high school seniors for their scholastic and artistic achievements. Congratulations on this great achievement.
Today I was joined by Senator John Barrasso and others to introduce legislation to make July 26 the National Day of the American Cowboy. First introduced by former Senator Craig Thomas, the ninth annual celebration will honor the tradition, spirit, and culture of cowboys in our state and country. Their reputation for honesty and hard work embody the way of life we in Wyoming strive for every day. The National Day of the American Cowboy is our way of acknowledging the contributions cowboys have made throughout history and the continued impact they have on our nation today.
The Senate Finance Committee began consideration today of a new proposal for funding the nation’s highways and bridges. Two years ago, during consideration of the same topic, a provision was snuck in that took away a large portion of Wyoming’s Abandoned Mine Land (AML) money. I have been working tirelessly ever since to get it back. Today I received commitments from both Chairman Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Ranking Member Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, to resolve the AML issue after highlighting the importance of the millions owed to Wyoming. Click the video to watch a clip from today’s meeting.
The Supreme Court ruled 9-0 today that President Obama violated the Constitution when he appointed members of the National Labor Relations Board while the Senate was in session in 2012. This president has shown a high level of contempt for the Constitution anytime it gets in the way of his agenda. It’s refreshing to see the court take a unanimous stand against executive overreach. I hope we see more of this not only from the courts and Congress, but from the American people themselves.
Congratulations to Wyoming’s 2014 Congressional Award Gold Medal Winners.
When the government decides to censor and harass groups that have contrary political views, it is a serious matter. The IRS holds taxpayers accountable. It’s Congress’ job to hold the IRS accountable and that is what we are asking of those who control the Senate. We also are requesting emails from the Department of Justice, Department of the Treasury, and the Federal Election Commission that will help us fully understand the involvement the IRS had in targeting political groups. 
Today the Senate passed a bill I’ve been working to reauthorize for more than a decade. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act will help turn a sometimes clunky, bureaucratic federal job training program into one that helps a lot more people learn the skills they need to get meaningful jobs. It will also eliminate 15 programs identified as ineffective or duplicative and 21 federal mandates on state and local workforce boards. 
This week I answer your questions on our skyrocketing student loan debt. Click the link below to learn more in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
In Wyoming, water is sacred and an integral part of our lives. The EPA’s new regulations could affect every stream, pond, or puddle. I joined Senator John Barrasso in introducing legislation to stop this out of control agency from taking over all private water in the United States. We will fight any attempt by the federal government to have complete control of our water rights and dictate what we can or cannot do with water on our private property. 
Prisoner transfers from Guantanamo Bay like the ones recently enacted by President Obama were prohibited in 2012 and 2013 under legislation the Senate passed. I believe that also could have been the case this year if the majority leader had not blocked senators from offering similar proposals. The majority’s condoning of a senate closed to all ideas other than those approved by the majority leader has real-world consequences that people may not realize.
America is on a collision course with the consequences of its addiction to spending money it doesn’t have. Without decisive action and a plan to rein in endless government spending, our country will face a true fiscal crisis in the coming years. That’s why I reintroduced my Penny Plan today to take into account our additional fiscal challenges. We can balance the budget by cutting total spending by 1 percent for just 3 years. Then we can start paying down the $17 trillion national debt. I was joined by Senators John Barrasso, Rand Paul, Jim Risch, David Vitter, Johnny Isakson, and Marco Rubio. 
Senator Barrasso and I had the pleasure of meeting with Kera Gallinger from Casper in my D.C. office, who at only 11 years old won the 2014 Jefferson Award, which recognizes those individuals who perform community and public service that make the world a better place. Kera started a yearly food drive when she was in first grade and now has collected over 12,000 non-perishable food items. Kera is a wonderful example of how one person can make a real difference in their community through hard work, no matter their age.
The next American energy revolution will be paved by those who use their ingenuity to discover clean, more abundant uses of all the energy resources that we’ve been blessed with. But regulations aimed at coal, especially those announced in the last month, are endangering that future. America should have an “all of the above” energy policy. This means developing new technology and advancing our uses of all energy, and not just those with the loudest political base. Let’s turn American ingenuity loose for a better tomorrow.
Supporters of the Affordable Care Act have always claimed that their law would make healthcare more affordable. Unfortunately that isn't the case. We've known for years that health insurance rates would go up, leaving consumers and families to bear the burdens of these costs. If you live in Wyoming, you know that your rates are not just going up, they are going up in some parts of the state by double digits. Click the link below to find out how much rates are going up for you and the rest of the country. 
Blocking the EPA’s power plant regulations, creating an environment of accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs, additional job training and more in the latest Enzi Insider.
Wyoming’s Abandoned Mine Land (AML) money belongs to the state, not to the federal government. During the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing today to consider the nomination of Shaun Donovan to be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, I emphasized the importance of getting Wyoming every dollar of AML money that it is owed. I also stated that if the federal government wants to get serious about cutting spending, it can look to Wyoming for examples on how to prioritize what it spends.
This administration doesn't seem to understand that its newest proposed climate change rules could cost billions of dollars and cause hundreds of thousands of people to lose their jobs at a time when job creation should be our focus. The political gain may be good for the president, but the environmental and health gains will be nil according to EPA’s own estimates. We all can help keep them accountable. Click the link below and let the administration know your view of these new regulations. Your comments can make a difference.
The EPA is trying to regulate water rights on your private property, but they have recently extended the deadline to comment on this proposed rule. Every voice counts. If this massive government expansion to regulate every stream, pond and ditch concerns you, let the EPA know. When government crosses the line, citizens need to speak out. Click the link below to comment on the EPA’s Waters of the United States Rule.
Recently I answered your questions on the EPA proposing new greenhouse gas regulations on power plants. Click the link below to learn more in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video. 
Today we remember all those who served and those who made the ultimate sacrifice on #DDay. #Veterans  #DDay70
Good help wasn’t hard to find in 1977 for U.S. Senator Malcolm Wallop when he found Robin Bailey, but after more than 30 years of outstanding service to Wyoming through Wallop’s, U.S. Senator Al Simpson’s and my office, Robin is getting ready to retire.
When we have affordable, abundant energy, America stays competitive with the rest of the world. When President Obama and his allies in Congress try to push economically-damaging regulations aimed at coal, it is the consumers that will pay for it through higher energy bills. Click the link below to watch a clip from my recent speech on the Senate floor. To Wyoming coal isn’t just an energy source, it’s part of our livelihood.
I went on record this week and sent a letter with many of my colleagues to President Obama asking him to withdraw his proposed climate change rule. We believe the rule would result in increased electricity rates, harm low-income families and American businesses. It could potentially result in federal restrictions on when people are allowed to run their air conditioners or do their laundry.
Senator John Barrasso and I cosponsored Senator McConnell’s “Coal Country Protection Act” this week. The bill would prevent the EPA’s proposed emissions rule from going into effect until the Department of Labor certifies that the rule will not cause a loss in the US GDP, the Department of Energy certifies that the rule will not increase electricity rates, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission certifies that electricity delivery will remain viable.
Wall Street Journal editorial: “Carbon-Income Inequality: Obama's new energy rule is a huge tax on the poor and middle class…the government is essentially creating an artificial scarcity in carbon energy. Scarcities mean higher prices, which will hit the poor far harder … plan will also redistribute income from economically successful states to those that have already needlessly raised their energy costs…EPA's own carbon accounting, shutting down every coal-fired power plant tomorrow and replacing them with zero-carbon sources would reduce the Earth's temperature by about one-twentieth of a degree Fahrenheit in a hundred years.”
It’s no secret that President Obama is not a fan of coal. He’s been targeting it with red tape and regulations his entire presidency. That may benefit people who have a hard time producing ample low-cost energy without government help. The president’s supporters like it when he goes around the representatives of people who may not share their views, but it’s not going to improve the environment much. People will pay more for electricity and the economy will suffer so the president can increase his popularity with people who already favor his policies.
This week I gave the weekly GOP address. I talked about how this Administration and the Senate majority are putting in place regulation-driven policies that police how you live and how businesses must operate. These majority policies are terrible for the middle class and for the country. Most of my colleagues in the House and those of us in the Senate minority don’t want these harmful regulations. We offer policies that would mean cheaper energy and more ability for people to make their own decisions. We would allow more competition in the health care industry, which would drive prices down and allow more patient choice. We continue to offer real solutions while the Senate majority leader refuses to allow votes on them. He controls the Senate as long as people choose his party as the majority and as long as his party continues to let him shut out alternatives.  
Last week, Congress and the president came together to honor the World War II “Doolittle Raiders” by bestowing on them one of the nation’s highest honors, the Congressional Gold Medal. Their brave air raid on the Japanese homeland signaled a turning point for the American people during the early stages of the Pacific conflict in World War II. I am proud to have been a part of the effort to award these brave service men for their outstanding act of heroism and valor.
Sage grouse, the army’s future, the fight against repressive regulation and more in the latest Enzi Insider.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is June 25. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
Families shouldn’t have to pay $1,200 more per year for electricity so President Obama and environmental activists can have political peace of mind. The EPA’s crackdown on coal is going to cost us all real money and in return we’ll get very little noticeable gain. Some of my Senate colleagues and I asked the EPA not to move forward in June as planned with its regulation of greenhouse gases from existing power plants.  
This Memorial Day people all across Wyoming and this great nation will remember our nation’s veterans and the sacrifices they have made to keep our nation strong and free. Too many of them never made it home. The Air Force Memorial says, they gave their todays for our tomorrows. Diana and I join all of you this Memorial Day in saying a prayer that God will keep those who serve our nation safe and bring them home to us. We will also keep those who have died and their families and friends in our thoughts and prayers. We owe them all a debt we will never be able to repay.
The EPA needs to be put on a leash to keep it from overstepping its bounds and designating every economic activity as harmful to the environment in order to further its own agenda. I joined Senators David Vitter, R-La., and Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., to limit the EPA’s role in reviewing Clean Water Act permits. The EPA has attempted to predetermine the fate of activities such as mining on its own and without warning. Our bill would force the agency to honor the process already in place and not make politically motivated decisions that would affect private and public activities.
The IRS decided to revise proposed regulations concerning the tax status of 501(c)(4) non-profit groups. I believe the draft regs would have weakened Americans’ right to free speech. My colleagues and I have written letters asking the IRS to stop and I’ve cosponsored legislation that would stop it. This and the more than 150,000 public comments appear to have slowed the IRS down, but stay ready.This Administration makes a habit of trying to silence those who disagree with it.
The State of Wyoming has worked tirelessly with stakeholders over many years to protect the sage grouse. Today Senator John Barrasso, Representative Cynthia Lummis and I joined Representative Cory Gardner, R-CO-04, in introducing the Sage Grouse Protection and Conservation Act. Under this bill, Western states would continue to manage their own sage grouse population, taking into account the distinct management needs within their own borders.
The Senate is being mismanaged. Left or right, your ideas are not being considered and they should be. That is what the Senate was designed for. Senators from both sides of the aisle are being shut out by the majority leader. I proposed some changes today on the Senate floor.
Know a Wyoming high school student who would be interested in being a Senate Page this fall in Washington, D.C.? Have them apply at the link below. The page program provides a front row seat to debates in the Senate. It's a unique experience for any participant, which they will carry with them forever. The deadline is June 4. Applicants must have completed their sophomore year, be 16 or 17 on or before the date of appointment, and must have a minimum grade point average of 3.0.
Wyoming supercell! Interesting video on the Washington Post website today of storm forming near Newcastle, Wyoming.
Crook County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Wednesday, May 21. She will be at the Sundance Town Hall from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m., Greater Hulett Community Center from 1:30 p.m. to 2 p.m., and the Moorcroft Town Hall from 4:30 p.m. to 5 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
America was built on citizens having the freedom to make choices that best fit them as individuals. Those in charge of Washington want to make those choices for you. Obamacare is a prime example. Recently a health insurance executive said “We have to break people away from the choice habit that everyone has” and that we should get away from our “fixation on open access”. That isn’t the America I want. We don’t have to settle for that. The president’s promises were hollow. We need to change our health care system so that choice is more than lip service.
This week I answer your questions on the minimum wage and explain how raising it would hurt, not help, Americans looking for a job. Click the link below to learn more in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video. 
Today I joined Senator Barrasso and Rep. Lummis in sending a letter to Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki regarding the failures of the department and the efforts to “game” the wait time reporting data on how quickly veterans received care. They are not delivering the high quality, prompt care our veterans deserve and we want answers.
The EPA, Keystone Pipeline, Russia, Israel, earmarks and aerial firefighting, more in the latest Enzi Insider.
The Wall Street Journal hit the nail on the head with a great piece on why the Senate has turned into the world’s greatest dysfunctional body.
Senator Barrasso and I plan to participate in a Wyoming telephone town hall this evening at 6 p.m. Wyoming time. We will be available to answer any questions you may have about what is happening in Washington. Tonight’s call in number is: (855)-756-7520 Ext.24833# if you want to listen in and/or ask a question.
A few states have wasted hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars on failed Obamacare exchanges and the American people are picking up the tab. I joined Senator John Barrasso, R-Wyo., Senator Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, and others in introducing the State Exchange Accountability Act to force states that wasted this money to repay the federal government for all of the funding they received. This bill will help ensure that taxpayers will not be forced to bail out states that made bad Obamacare choices.
I believe the states are already on the hook for enough spending because of federal mandates. That’s why I want my colleagues in the Senate to focus on eliminating duplicative spending and fixing what’s broken. Today I opposed attempts to push through a new universal preschool program. The government already spends $20 billion on these programs. We should be giving states more flexibility to use the money that is already available, not forcing them to abide by the will of a few in Washington.
This year we celebrate National Small Business Week beginning May 12, recognizing the importance that small businesses play across America. As part of this week, the Small Business Administration takes the opportunity to highlight the impact of outstanding small business owners. This year’s Wyoming Small Business Person of the Year award went to Jennifer Merrill, the founder of general contracting firm Merrill Inc. in Cheyenne. Her hard work has helped her company grow leaps and bounds and put more people in Wyoming to work. Congratulations! For more information on the National Small Business Week, click the link below. #SBW2014
Weston County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Tuesday, May 13. She will be in   Newcastle at the Weston County Library from 11 a.m. to 12 p.m. and in Osage at the Kitty Moats Complex from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
If you want to know more about what I’m doing for you in the Senate, I’m making more information available with “The Enzi Insider” that I will be posting periodically on my web page under the news room tab.
The whole country knows something is wrong with our government. Here's what is wrong with the U.S. Senate and how to fix it.  Demand your senators be allowed to represent you.
States are better qualified to find and implement a solution than a Washington agency pushing a one-size-fits-all, top-down approach. I spoke on the Senate floor today about how my amendment would restore the states’ role when it came to managing their own air quality, including issues of regional haze. We cannot afford to increase the cost of energy to families, schools and vital public services by implementing an EPA plan that won’t adequately address the issue of regional haze. 
The EPA has gone off the deep end by proposing that it has the right to regulate every stream, pond, wetlands, and any other body of water it chooses. Today Senator John Barrasso, Representative Cynthia Lummis, both R-Wyo., and I joined 43 other Western Caucus Members in sending a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy urging her to halt the “Water of the US” rule. This federal takeover of states’ rights to regulate and protect their own water would hurt job growth by negatively impacting farms, small businesses, commercial development, road construction and energy production.
I offered two amendments to the energy efficiency bill that would let states have the final say on regional haze and collecting their own mineral royalties. So far the Senate majority has blocked all attempts to improve the legislation and will not allow votes on bipartisan solutions. 
Today I sent a letter with U.S. Senator Pat Roberts, R-Kan., and all Republican members of the Senate Finance Committee to the IRS Commissioner John Koskinen calling for a full accounting of the agency’s practice of issuing employee performance awards and bonuses to employees who have willfully violated tax laws. The American people have once again been the victims of the of IRS’s bureaucratic failures. Every taxpayer deserves to know why the IRS thought these action were acceptable and what they are doing to fix it.   
Religious freedom won a victory today with the Supreme Court ruling that prayer before official public meetings is consistent with the First Amendment. Back in August Senator John Barrasso, R-Wyo., and I joined Senator Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and other Senate colleagues in filing an amicus brief favoring the right to pray in the case of Town of Greece v. Galloway. We best serve the values of the First Amendment by allowing people to pray according to their own conscience.
Have any great pictures of our state? One of the best parts of my job is getting to see all corners of Wyoming. Unfortunately, there’s a lot of folks that don’t know what they’re missing. But that’s where you can help. If you have pictures you’ve taken of our state recently, I’d love to share them on my Facebook and Twitter pages for the world to see. Send them to @SenatorEnzi on Twitter and use the hashtag #MyWyo, along with where they were photographed in the state. You can also share them in the comments section below. I can’t wait to see all the wonderful photos that capture the natural and historical beauty of Wyoming!
The agency directly entrusted with the mission of making sure Americans pay their taxes should not be rewarding its own employees that are delinquent on their own taxes or have broken the law. This revelation just shows how out-of-touch the IRS is with the real world and it’s a double standard that should anger every tax payer.
The U.S. Department of Education recently released an 800-plus page draft regulation to define two words – “gainful employment”. Aimed at for-profit career colleges and certificate programs, this rule uses a heavy-handed approach to evaluate and sanction these programs, making it more difficult for Americans to access educational opportunities. My question is why the #doublestandard? Why hold for-profit colleges and career schools to an arbitrary standard compared to public and private colleges? All who are receiving the same government funds should have the same standard. After all, we are talking about institutions preparing people for jobs. If you want to have your voice heard click the link before May 27 and press the “Comment Now!” button.
Raising the minimum wage doesn’t do anything to help those without a job or the skills needed to succeed in a 21st century economy. There are a number of bills this Senate can consider today that would promote job creation over an arbitrary increase in the federal minimum wage. Higher prices and fewer jobs is not what Wyoming and the rest of the country needs in these fragile economic times.
Four years after the passage of Obamacare, our country continues to struggle under high premiums and endless delays for the most unpopular parts of the law. If you want to stay up-to-date on what solutions I have offered up for real health care reform check out my health care timeline. I continue to update this webpage, which tells the story of what I did to oppose Obamacare every step of the way and what I am doing to help give people real alternatives to government-centered health care. There are better ideas, there are better solutions, and there are better ways forward. It’s time that we focused on solving the problem.
Washington could use a lot more Wyoming ideas and values.  I’ve introduced legislation that would limit each bill to one topic and I’ve cosponsored a bill that would require Congress to switch to a biennial budget like Wyoming works under. But even if my eastern and urban colleagues continue to work against sensible policies, maybe they could consider adopting a few habits we’ve developed in the West. I’m referring to the Code of the West, principles like when you make a promise, keep it and remember that some things are not for sale.
The Administration quietly announced just before the holiday weekend Friday that it was again delaying any decision on the Keystone Pipeline. Years of study have concluded the pipeline will have little effect on the environment, but it will create tens of thousands of jobs. This is a president who leads from behind and an Administration paralyzed by politics.
A recent Gallup poll showed that 76 percent of Wyoming residents trust their state government. That is understandable because state government is made up of  Wyoming folks, accountable to their neighbors. The Wyoming Legislature’s single topic bill rule is just one of the many ways in which Wyoming gets it right. That’s why more of Wyoming should be governed by Wyoming and less by agencies like the EPA.
Congress agrees that small businesses are the backbone of our economy, but many don’t seem concerned with or fully aware of how the federal policies created in Washington actually affect businesses on the ground. Here’s a link to an opinion piece I wrote about the hidden costs of regulations along with what we can do to rein in the rampant job-killing regulations that businesses are struggling under. The more we can free them from red tape, the more they can help drive our economy forward.  #jobs #smallbiz
Tax Day is an unwelcome reminder for so many that the federal government lives beyond its means and is not a good steward of the tax dollars provided to it by every American. Whether the government is funding a musical about a moose or paying individuals involved in a NASA study to do nothing more than lie around for a couple months in bed, taxpayers are the ones who are stuck paying the bill. With a $17 trillion national debt, we need to be smarter about how tax dollars are spent and start prioritizing what the government does best while getting rid of what it doesn’t. Cutting the worst first is the simplest way to start getting control of the spending spree here in Washington. #TaxDay 
Every American should be able to know how their tax dollars are being spent. Last night, the Senate unanimously passed the DATA Act, which is designed to bring new transparency to the federal government by making federal spending data publicly available at USASpending.gov. I cosponsored this bipartisan legislation, introduced by Senators Rob Portman, R-Ore., and Mark Warner, D-Va., because without transparency it’s hard to keep the government accountable. #opengov 
I was honored to speak at Financial Literacy Day on the Hill with Honorary Co-Chair Senator Jack Reed, D-R.I. This event highlights the importance of people having the tools they need to make good financial decision for themselves and their families.
The EPA has a new plan to control Wyoming’s water. This week I answer your questions on what we can do to stop it, along with why investigating the National Park Service spending could save us billions. Watch my latest “Collecting Common Sense From Wyoming for Washington” to learn more. 
I support equal pay for equal work, but the Senate majority misses the point with their latest bill designed for political purposes. On my side of the aisle we have ideas to improve opportunities for both women and men, but the Senate majority continues to block votes and trot out one political platitude after another. I appreciated the perspective of my colleague, Senator Deb Fischer from neighboring Nebraska, on "What Women Want".
I’ve long been concerned the Obama Administration is using federal education funding, like the Race to the Top program, to coerce states to accept Common Core standards.  It’s a bait and switch move with the Administration establishing the Department of Education in Washington as a national school board.  Education is a state function.  I’ve joined Senators Grassley, Barrasso and others in asking Senate appropriators to prohibit any federal education dollars from being used to require states to adopt, develop or establish any federal education standards and assessments.
On Saturday, I was privileged to speak at the Fallen Firefighters Memorial Service in Riverton, honoring firefighters who have gone before us.
I joined Senator John Barrasso, Senator Jon Tester and others in welcoming the Defense Department’s decision to keep the nation’s 454 inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) silos operational. Although I opposed the New START treaty and believe in maintaining all of our warheads, the announcement today by the Department of Defense reinforces the important role that F.E. Warren and the other missile bases play in keeping our country safe. We recently encouraged the Defense Department to maintain a strong ICBM force through letters and legislation. I will keep working with the coalition to ensure that the world’s most powerful military force, our ICBMs, is maintained. 
I had the opportunity last Saturday to visit the Wind River Job Corps Center construction site in Riverton, where Sandy Barton, Executive Director of Fremont County BOCES, and Justin Swift, an architect working on the Job Corps center, were kind enough to show me around. The seven-building Job Corps Center complex, which will house a total of 300 students, will be the first of its kind in Wyoming.
Senator Barrasso and I, along with 33 of our Senate Republican colleagues, are asking the National Telecommunications and Information Administration how giving up control of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority functions of the Internet is in the best interest of America.
To help encourage small businesses to hire more American veterans I cosponsored a bill with Senator John Barrasso that would provide some relief from the burdensome standard for counting employees required by Obamacare. The “Hire More Heroes Act”, S. 2190, introduced by Senator Roy Blunt, R-Mo., would allow those employees who have health care through the VA or TRICARE to be excluded from the convoluted definition of “full-time equivalency” in the Obamacare employer mandate. The House passed the bill earlier this month by a vote of 406-1. This is a common sense, bipartisan idea that everyone should be able to agree on.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) wants to have an expanded say over waterways, which could include puddles and areas of run-off on private property. This far exceeds the authority the agency was granted by Congress. I joined Senator Pat Toomey, R-Penn., and others in sending a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy pointing out the dubious legal and scientific basis for the proposed Waters of the United States rule and asking for the maximum comment period to hear from affected Americans.
Small businesses in particular must bear the brunt of some of the health care law’s worst policies that are increasing costs and forcing businesses to either lay off workers or not hire new employees. Yesterday, I introduced legislation with Senator John Barrasso and others that would restore the definition of “full-time” work under the health care law to 40 hours a week and exempt more small businesses from the employer mandate. These one-size-fits-all regulations are hitting workers in their pocketbooks and undercutting the country’s economic recovery.
I’m heading back today and if all goes smoothly with my flights, I should be in Riverton tomorrow morning at Central Wyoming College for my 11th inventors conference. Inventors find solutions for everyday problems and Wyoming is full of problem solvers. 
We could help people get and keep a lot more jobs by putting a reasonable restraint on new regulations. Senate majority should stop blocking attempts to muzzle the rabid regulation machine.
The Wyoming delegation met Wednesday outside the U.S. Capitol with members of the 2014 Wyoming L.E.A.D. Program. The program was established to promote leadership education in Wyoming’s agricultural communities.
I joined Senator Barrasso and Representative Lummis Wednesday on the steps outside of the U.S. Capitol to talk with Close-Up students from all over Wyoming. The program is dedicated to educating students about democracy & encouraging their participation in civic life.
We continue to question the EPA's threats against Andy Johnson, the Uinta County resident who built a pond on his private property. The EPA has threatened fines that could add up to millions of dollars.
Our national parks are important to Wyoming and to me personally. I want to see them preserved, but I also want people to be able to access and enjoy them. The trend recently has been to lessen public access and often the justification is that there isn’t enough money to keep things open. Yet, we’ve never been able to tell where all the money is really going. That’s why I’m calling for a formal review of the National Park Service’s structure and spending habits with Senators Lisa Murkowski and Tom Coburn. We need to know where the money is going and if there are better ways it could be spent. 
I joined Senators John Barrasso, R-Wyo., and Mark Kirk, R-Ill., and others in wanting assurance from President Obama that his Administration has no plans to share missile technology with Russia.
Making sure that the benefits promised to our veterans are delivered (3:00) and weeding out duplication in education spending (0:23) were the topics discussed in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video. Click the link below to find out more.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shouldn’t be passing more regulations until the American people know the damage the current regulations are causing. Senator John Barrasso and I cosponsored a bill introduced Wednesday by Senator Jim Inhofe, R-Okla., that would block the EPA from finalizing any new major regulation until the agency analyzes the economic impact of its current air regulations as required by the Clean Air Act. The EPA under this Administration has a track record of putting politics ahead of the economy and even the environment. It’s time that the EPA answer to the American people for the jobs lost and that we bring a halt to its heavy-handed brand of environmentalism. 
Lincoln County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Friday, March 28. She will be at the Kemmerer Senior Center from 12:30 p.m. to 1:30 p.m. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
The EPA’s thirst for controlling your water is never quenched. Today, the agency proposed a new rule, which seems to in effect grant itself jurisdiction over most water in the country whether it’s on private property or not. The EPA is already prosecuting Wyoming land owners who are trying to make improvements on their own property. The EPA is looking for every opportunity to regulate private property. I fought their Blueways rule, and will fight this Waters of the United States rulemaking.
Are you an inventor or entrepreneur? Come join me in Riverton on April 5 at Central Wyoming College for my annual Inventors Conference. This is your opportunity to learn how to turn your invention and entrepreneurial dreams into a reality. We’ll have speakers and other Wyoming inventors on hand to share knowledge, expertise and wisdom on securing patents, developing business plans and marketing products. The conference is free and open to the public. To find out more and for information on registering, click the link below.
I am pleased that the Department of Energy (DOE) has decided to conditionally authorize export of liquefied natural gas to more countries through Jordan Cove in Oregon. In November, the Wyoming delegation, along with Colorado and Utah members from both the House and Senate, wrote the DOE asking it to do this. More markets mean more economic opportunity for Wyoming’s workers and the state.
Teton County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Tuesday, March 25. She will be at the Jackson Town Hall from 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Sunday, March 23, marks four years since Obamacare was forced on the American people. That’s four years of broken promises. Four years of higher health care costs, higher premiums, and endless delays for the most unpopular, unworkable parts of this law. More government, more bureaucracy, more red tape isn’t bringing health care costs down or expanding access to care. I have offered up a number of ideas for real health care reform and I applaud my colleagues in the Senate who have their own health care reform ideas as well.
Andy Johnson of Uinta County built a stock pond on his own property and the EPA is threatening to fine him $75,000 a day if he doesn’t remove it. The EPA interpretation of the Clean Water Act reads like a draconian edict of a heavy-handed bureaucracy. I joined Senator John Barrasso and Senator David Vitter in writing a letter requesting the EPA withdraw its decision and explain itself. 
It was a pleasure to have one of Wyoming’s excellent writers, Craig Johnson, stop by my office in D.C. on March 4 for the One Book Wyoming reception. Johnson’s book, “The Spirit of Steamboat”, was selected by the Wyoming State Library as the first book for their One Book Wyoming program. Johnson is also the author of eight novels in the Walt Longmire mystery series.
It was almost like the Senate was operating as it was intended to when this week senators were offering amendments on the floor and voting. Unfortunately that has been the exception and not the rule for years now. I’m pleased to join Senator Grassley and cosponsor his Stop Cloture Abuse Resolution (SCAR). This would help ensure senators are able to represent their constituents and not rely on the whim of the majority leader. Cloture is designed to bring debate to a close after a supermajority of the Senate is satisfied that a matter has received adequate consideration. What has been happening is that the majority leader is filing cloture immediately without any debate, let alone any amendments being offered. Senator Grassley’s proposal would prohibit filing cloture until at least 24 hours of debate. It seems like a small change, but it could have a large, positive result.
The Founding Fathers envisioned states as a check against the federal government. Unfortunately, states have few options to respond to the thousands of rules, regulations and unfunded mandates the federal government passes every year. I introduced a resolution Thursday that would amend the Constitution and give states the authority to repeal any federal law or regulation. My amendment would give states a powerful voice in national debates by acting as a vital check against an expanding federal government. 
Just because Obamacare isn't working doesn't mean the Administration can bailout its political supporters. I signed a letter with 24 other colleagues calling on the Administration to not give unions special exemptions from Obamacare. If this is not stopped we will consider taking legislative action to combat this unreasonable exemption.
It was great to meet with Joseph Rubino from Laramie and Dakota Frederick from Guernsey who were visiting DC with the US Senate Youth Program on March 12. The Senate Youth Program allows high school students interested in pursuing careers in public service to spend a week in Washington experiencing their national government in action. http://www.hearstfdn.org/ussyp/
Law abiding citizens who own firearms shouldn’t have to worry that the federal government will finance the collection and storage of their private and personal information. This week I cosponsored a bill with Senator Thad Cochran, R-Miss., and other senators, that would prohibit any federal funding from being used to contribute to a gun registry maintained by any other organization, including state and local governments. The GRIP Act would not only clarify existing law that bars the federal government from storing information acquired during firearm background checks, but also prevent any federal funding from being used to contribute to non-federal gun registries. #2ndAmendment
Yesterday I joined a bipartisan coalition of senators led by Senator Tom Coburn, R-Okla., to introduce the Taxpayers Right to Know Act, a bill that would require every federal agency to produce an annual report card for each of its programs. The federal government wastes money hand over fist, but we don’t always know where. If we can track the money then we can prioritize and get rid of the worst first.
With a unanimous vote, the Senate approved my amendment today that would help weed out duplication, overlap, and inefficiencies in federal early learning and child care programs. It’s now part of a bill that reauthorizes Child Care and Development Block Grant funding. My amendment is a continuation of what I was able to do as Chairman and as Ranking Member of the HELP Committee. This isn’t a study. It will require HHS and the Department of Education to come up with a plan for eliminating duplication and overlap, as well as a plan for ways to consolidate these programs and report back to Congress.
Abundant, low-cost energy shouldn’t have to wait on the federal government for approval. But that’s often what happens when we lose natural gas to flaring on account of delays in permitting infrastructure improvements. That’s why I joined Senator Barrasso and Senator Hoeven in introducing a bill that speeds up permitting for natural gas gathering lines on federal and Indian lands. American energy is ready to power our country if Washington would just get out of the way. 
Obamacare proponents want more - a complete government takeover of health care. But the law’s problems have reminded people what happens when the federal government tries to handle everything.
The Administration is backing off proposed Medicare changes that would have limited access to certain medications for seniors. I joined a bipartisan coalition of senators in February, led by Senator Hatch (R-Utah) and Senator Wyden (D-Ore.), which expressed serious concerns with these proposed changes to Medicare. We wrote the CMS Administrator to point out how the Administration’s proposal would disrupt care for millions of Part D beneficiaries and unnecessarily interfere with a successful program. 
I’ve received a lot of questions on President Obama’s budget proposal (0:22) and the majority leader prohibiting senators from voting on amendments (2:31). Check out my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” to see my response to your questions and comments on these important issues.
A good perspective from Senator Barrasso on President Obama’s executive actions on health care.
The Administration has delayed more Obamacare flaws, but they aren’t dead. The flaws just won’t bite people until right after the next election. Not only is the Obama Administration bypassing Congress to delay another part of Obamacare in order to help those vulnerable in the upcoming election, it's expanding the scope of Obamacare without the legislative authority that is necessary. According to reports, the White House will soon allow insurers to renew old health insurance plans that do not comply with Obamacare's mandates. What's more, it also plans to give federal subsidies to people who bought private insurance outside of the Obamacare exchanges. Some in Congress have offered real, legislative solutions that would help Americans get out from under this collapsing legislation. We need a permanent delay for all, rather than a political delay for some.
Just two months ago, President Obama signed into law the Murray-Ryan budget deal that eroded deficit reductions from a previous budget agreement. Now he’s proposing a budget that would not only violate the spending limits he agreed to, it would add $8.3 trillion to the national debt over the next 10 years. It would also quadruple the interest we pay on the debt. Interest this year on the debt will be about $223 billion. That would rise to $812 billion in 2024 under his plan. The president’s budget is a repeat of what we know doesn’t work: more taxes, more debt, more instant gratification at the expense of our nation’s future.
Ever wanted to see the inside of my office? Come along for a video tour of my office in D.C. as I explain all the wonderful Wyoming memorabilia I have collected over the years and the stories that go with them. 
In order to keep his party from having to face politically tough votes, the majority leader has prohibited amendments from being added to bills. Too few members of Congress are being allowed to do their job. We need every American - left, right, and independent - to demand more votes. It’s time common sense makes a comeback. See the graph for more information.
While representing you in Congress is a major part of my job as senator, one of the other functions of my position is stepping in when you have a problem with the federal government. Whether you’re having trouble with the EPA or another agency, or having a difficult time getting a passport on time, I’m here to help. I have a dedicated staff that handles these issues and can help try and get your problem resolved as quickly as possible. We can help with Social Security issues, difficulties obtaining a visa, veterans and military issues, among others. Last year we helped hundreds across Wyoming with similar issues.   If you need help navigating the maze that is the federal government, click the link below to find contact information for getting help. I have office locations in Gillette, Casper, Cheyenne, Cody, and Jackson that are ready to help.
The Federal Communications Commission’s plan to go into media news rooms to study their biases was blatantly unconstitutional and we want to know how this plan got as far as it did.
Advice to my grandkids: Service is important. You should do service for the sake of helping others.
In a preview of President Obama’s fiscal 2015 budget, outgoing economic advisor Gene Sperling said they don’t want deficit reduction to come at the expense of investment in the future. They’ve got it wrong. If we don’t reduce our deficit now it will cost us our future. Spending now helps those in office now, which is why the pattern in our country has been to spend now and pay later, but later never comes. Well, it is coming sooner than people want to believe. I will continue to vote and advocate for deficit reduction.
Since the current majority in the Senate took control in 2007, the majority leader has systematically limited the power of senators to vote on important amendments in order to keep his party from facing politically dangerous votes. Political motivations and consolidation of power should not be used to deny senators from either party the right to legislate. See the graph below for more information.
Know a Wyoming high school student who would be interested in being a Senate Page this summer in Washington, D.C.? Have them apply at the link below. The page program provides a front row seat to debates in the Senate. It’s a unique experience for any participant, which they will carry with them forever. The deadline is March 5. Applicants must have completed their sophomore year, be 16 or 17 on or before the date of appointment, and must have a minimum grade point average of 3.0. 
Many Americans are realizing President Obama’s health care promises were nothing more than slick salesmanship of his health care law. It may pay to go back and look closer at what happened at Obamacare’s beginning and ideas like health insurance portability across state lines, market-based consumer choice flexibility, medical liability reforms and more that he and those in control of Washington rejected. Click below and visit this new webpage to view the story of Obamacare as seen through my eyes.  It’s a timeline of what I did every step of the way and continue to do. I’m not giving up. People need real alternatives to the inoperable, complex, government-centered health care system that has been forced upon this country.
As President Obama and the majority in the Senate look to change the subject from the failures of Obamacare, they are now calling for Congress to raise the federal minimum-wage to $10.10 an hour. A new report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released this afternoon states that the proposed minimum-wage increase could result in 500,000 fewer jobs. Higher prices and less jobs are not what the country needs. Congress should be looking to lower unemployment, not raise it.
A lot of you have asked me about President Obama’s indecisiveness on the Keystone Pipeline (0:18) and if increasing the federal minimum wage is the right solution for growing the economy (2:14). Check out my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” to see my response to your questions and comments on these important issues. 
The Senate voted to ignore the limit on how much more debt our country can pile up until March 15 of next year. I voted against suspending the debt limit. Allowing more debt until Congress has the time, inclination or willpower to fix the spending problem results in one thing - more debt.  
Without the good jobs and affordable energy coal provides, more Americans would have a lower standard of living. If environmental extremists win the war on coal, we will lose the war on poverty. We need to be taking advantage of the clean burning coal we produce, look at how to increase productive and clean use of coal, and research other forms of energy. We all want a clean environment and cheaper energy. It would be easier to find both through cooperation rather than absolute condemnation of coal in every circumstance.
What the IRS did in targeting conservative groups was wrong and should not happen in this country. I joined Senators Jeff Flake, Pat Roberts, and John Barrasso, along with 34 Republican colleagues, in introducing a bill that would preserve free speech and prevent the IRS from targeting politically aligned groups. Government agencies should be blind to ideology and not used as political weapons. 
For someone who likes to tout the Affordable Care Act as his signature domestic achievement, President Obama seems to only want it to apply when he feels like it. The recent announcement of another exemption is an acknowledgement of the inherent flaws in the health care law and another reason why we should repeal and replace it with more market-oriented, step-by-step reforms that provide coverage, reward quality, and improve access to health care. 
New market opportunities and more investment and job creation through U.S. manufacturing can benefit every state in the nation. Senator Pryor and I introduced a bill recently that will help put a spotlight on the importance of rare earth metals and the role Wyoming can play in helping reduce America’s dependence on other countries to meet our technological needs. There’s no better way to build something in America than to have all of it, including the necessary minerals, developed right here at home.
Sweetwater County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office on Thursday, February 13. She will be in Rock Springs at the Young At Heart Senior and Community Center from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
In order to stop Congress from passing bills with countless unrelated measures, Senator John Barrasso and I are taking a page from the Wyoming Legislature’s handbook. We introduced a bill recently which would require any legislation considered by the Senate to be limited to a single issue, the same rule the Wyoming Legislature is required to follow when drafting legislation. I learned in the Wyoming Legislature that one topic per bill is how you get things done. It means understandable and manageable bills. By following this example, we can inject a little common sense into Congress and curb the culture of deal-making.
A postal reform bill is now headed to the full Senate. It should help the United States Postal Service change with the times while protecting rural post offices from closing, restructuring postal rates and maintaining Second Amendment rights. I voted in favor of the bill in the Homeland and Government Affairs Committee.
Obamacare forced people to buy Administration-approved health care through a flawed website that led to tens of thousands of errors in people’s coverage. Now, to top it off there is no way for people to get those errors corrected. That is unacceptable.
Without independent oversight of federal departments and agencies, government transparency is an illusion. That’s why I introduced a bill with Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.) to remove the red tape that prevents the Inspectors General, the independent government watch dogs, from doing their jobs and keeping government accountable. 
What do you think will soon be the third largest expense for our federal government? Social Security is first. Medicare is second, but national defense won’t be third. That distinction will belong to interest payments on the national debt. Still, this president and the majority in the Senate want to increase federal spending and add more to the debt. The Congressional Budget Office report also estimates 2 million people won’t seek jobs because they would lose federal subsides provided to them under Obamacare if they worked. We need a Washington with willpower to spend less.
Congratulations to Olympic alpine skier Resi Stiegler of Jackson. I applaud the hard work and training you’ve been doing in preparation for your second Winter Olympics. You can count on our support as you compete in the Sochi games, which begin this week. I’ll be cheering for all the American teams first, but I also wish Winston Watts and the other members of the Jamaican Bobsled Team luck. They have been training in Evanston.
The health care law will increase our federal deficit by a trillion dollars, slow economic growth, and cost millions of jobs according to a new report by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. The president, in his State of the Union speech, said that the health care law would improve the financial security of Americans. This report seems to say otherwise. We don’t have to sit on our hands while that happens. We have alternatives and if the public puts enough pressure on the Senate majority leader and those he’s trying to protect by preventing votes, we can put positive changes in place.
The U.S. State Department came out with a report today that said the Keystone XL Pipeline would have minimal impact on the environment. The pipeline has been under review since 2008. It’s a shame that the president’s indecisiveness stands in the way of supporting more jobs and strengthening our relationship with Canada. According to the New York Times, nine government agencies will weigh in on the pipeline by the time a decision is actually made. Jobs are in our national interest. That should be obvious even to this Administration. The president should use that pen he’s so fond of to approve this pipeline.
The EPA expanding the Wind River Indian Reservation’s boundaries was a blatant overreach by the EPA (0:34). The federal government stealing money that doesn’t belong to it, including PILT funding, will be an ongoing fight for states (2:33). These were just some of the comments I made in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
There seems to be a disconnect between this Administration and the real-world effects of its high-minded ideological policies. Coal provides the majority of the nation’s energy, yet the EPA seems focused on regulating coal out of existence even if this action does very little to improve air quality. There are more reasonable ways to improve the environment than ruining an industry and causing everyone’s cost of living to go up. I joined Senator John Barrasso, Senator Roy Blunt and others in sending a letter asking President Obama to call off his EPA attack dog because it’s hurting people who are just trying to make a living. 
By law the president is supposed to submit a budget plan to Congress by the first Monday in February each year. President Obama has been a total of about 200 days late submitting his budget plans. See how he compares to past presidents below. If something is a real priority, one generally seeks to do it well and on time.
I was sorry to hear about the death of Wyoming State Representative Sue Wallis. She faithfully and passionately served Campbell County and the State of Wyoming for many years, years that were cut short. She embodied the Wyoming spirit of fierce independence and doing what one thinks should be done even if it would be easier not to. Diana and I send our condolences, thoughts and prayers to friends, family and all who have benefited from Sue’s service to our Wyoming community.
I signed an amicus curiae, or friend of the court brief, that challenges the Administration’s authority to requires insurance companies to provide, and employers to pay for, coverage of contraceptives. The real question is does the federal government or a majority of the country have the right to force a minority to give up deeply held religious values.
I expect President Obama in his state of the union speech tonight to emphasize that if he doesn’t get his way on legislation, he’s going to bypass Congress and he will make promises about increasing the minimum wage. The President can’t keep ignoring the Constitution just because he doesn’t get everything he wants. His refusal to listen, results in laws with bad consequences like Obamacare. In order to pay for increasing the minimum wage, the price of what you buy will have to be increased. We need to increase skills to fill the thousands of jobs that are available right now. That’s how people get higher paying jobs and get ahead.
The Senate majority wants to extend “emergency” unemployment insurance without allowing a fair debate and votes on minority amendments. Unemployment benefits do have a cost. This expenditure should be recognized and paid for instead of just adding billions of dollars to our debt every few months. People are having a hard time supporting their families, but the answer isn't a federal program that borrows more money. The answer is policies that allow the private sector to create the jobs people need.
In some areas of the country you could be arrested for carrying a pocket knife even if you are just passing through. Senator Mike Lee and I believe this is unbecoming of a free country and have introduced a bill to protect knife owners. If you’re traveling from point A to point C with a knife that is legal in both locations, you shouldn’t have to worry about being charged with a crime in-between at point B. Click the link below to find out more about the Knife Owners Protection Act. 
President Obama’s own Department of State estimates that the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline could support 42,000 jobs across the country. Today, Senator Barrasso and I joined 43 Republican senators in sending a letter to the president urging him to finish the review process and approve the Keystone XL pipeline. Click the link below to read the letter.  
Local governments all across the nation provide services on federal land, even though they are not able to collect the property tax they would receive if the lands were under private ownership. This is why the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program is so important. It honors a commitment that the federal government has made to the nearly 1,900 counties in 49 states that rely on these funds to offset this loss of local revenue. It’s also an issue that the Wyoming delegation continues to fight for, especially when the federal government threatens to not honor the commitments it has made. I recently joined Senator Barrasso and a bipartisan coalition of senators in offering an amendment to the $1.1 trillion spending bill that would restore the PILT funding. While the majority leader blocked our efforts, we will continue to look for ways to return what is rightly owed to Wyoming and other rural communities.
Among other ideals, being conservative means less debt and more freedom. That’s what is important to you and that is what is important to your Congressional delegation. We’re among the most conservative in Congress.
Unemployment insurance (0:18) along with the nomination of Janet Yellen and the need to audit the Federal Reserve (1:48) were the topics in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
I voted against the $1.1 trillion all-inclusive spending bill that the Senate passed today. We have to take a stand on spending, even when it’s not convenient. The good in this bill can’t outweigh the bad when overspending is bankrupting our country. Congress is supposed to start work on spending bills every spring and finish by October 1. That timetable is in place so we can look into all the spending the federal government does and cut the things that we shouldn’t or don’t need to be doing. But we haven’t gone through this process at all in recent years. It’s no coincidence that our national debt has nearly doubled in the last five years.
Insurance companies should not be bailed out by the taxpayers if Obamacare doesn’t work out like they planned. I’ve cosponsored a bill with Senator Rubio that would prevent taxpayer bailouts of insurance companies.  
Only in Washington can you offer a solution that rights a wrong against our veterans and closes a tax loophole and have it flat out rejected by those running the Senate.
Senator Lamar Alexander wrote a great piece that sums up all the gridlock and partisanship in the Senate. No amendments, no debate, no votes. From ignoring executive orders, to illegal recess appointments, the way the Senate is run is tragic for our country.
On Wednesday night, the Senate unanimously passed a bill I co-sponsored that will help Wyoming veterinarians provide better care to livestock in rural and remote areas. Current law prevents veterinarians from carrying and dispensing some controlled substances outside their clinics. Our bill would allow veterinarians to take the medicine their patients need into the field, allowing them to better administer services around Wyoming.
Folks in Wyoming often have to travel long distances to see a doctor, but telemedicine can help bring the care they need right to their homes. Recently, the Federation of State Medical Boards began working out key details for speeding up the process of issuing licenses for physicians who wish to practice across state lines. Senator John Thune and I sent a letter with 14 other senators applauding these efforts, which will go a long way to help expand access to care for rural states and communities.
The Department of the Interior quietly announced today that it will be ending its "National Blueways System" that the Wyoming delegation has been fighting. The program could have allowed the federal government to take over any state's water without authority from landowners, local government, or Congress. I sent a letter with Senator Barrasso and Rep. Lummis last February expressing our concerns with this policy and even offered an amendment to the continuing resolution last March to end the program. This is good news for Wyoming. Our land is our land, our water is our water.
It’s that time when we look back on the past year and forward to the next.  One of Diana and my traditions is to think about all we are thankful for.  A partial list includes our veterans and those who currently serve in our armed forces, those who serve every day on our volunteer fire departments and our emergency and rescue personnel and the chance to spend time with our family.  Let me be among the chorus of those you will hear every day – just about everywhere you go -- Merry Christmas!  Happy New Year! Click below to see a video message.
Wyoming communities and those across the country provide services related to public safety, housing, social services, transportation and the environment on federal land despite being unable to obtain property tax revenue from the federal government. To offset this loss in revenue, Congress should continue annually appropriating Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT). Senators Udall, Barrasso and I and more than a dozen others wrote to Senate appropriators asking them to support PILT.
The Senate passed a bill this week that would help parents of internationally adopted children correct errors on their child’s birth certificate. Senator Barrasso and I cosponsored the Accuracy for Adoptees Act. The bill would require the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service to recognize state court orders that amend a child’s birth date. We were inspired by the Sweeney family of Sheridan.
OSHA is trying to illegally regulate family farms.
The Administration has fought so hard to convince people that the president’s health care law is the answer, but no amount of marketing can fix this disaster. Neither can carving out one exemption after another. This week Health and Human Services quietly announced it is (illegally) delaying the individual mandate for those who lost their health insurance because their plans did not meet the law’s specifications. The law is rotten to its core. The approach the law’s authors took was wrong from the beginning. Tinkering around the edges will not fix the fundamentals. We need to repeal the health care law, start over, and do it right. Supporting state high risk pools or catastrophic insurance options would better protect those in most need of coverage. Encouraging the development of new insurance products that provide better health incentives for patients and doctors would help lower costs. There is another path forward. See my website for my 10 step plan to reform health care.
Ryan-Murray budget  (0:40)  was a take it or leave it deal and I won’t ‘take’ a take it or leave it agreement that doesn't provide for the future by making cuts in the present.  What the NSA (2:24) is doing shouldn't happen in America.  These are the topics in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video.
The Senate voted 71-29 today to move toward final passage of the National Defense Authorization Act, but the Senate majority leader prevented votes that would have addressed issues relating to our nuclear deterrent, privacy concerns and the NSA, military detention of U.S. citizens, the need to address sexual assault in the military and other important issues.
We’ve seen America’s reaction to losing the health insurance plans they liked and the higher premiums and deductibles because of Obamacare. Not surprisingly, the Obama Administration recently decided they will not release updated premiums and cost-sharing information until after the 2014 elections. It’s a politically motivated decision and Senator Alexander, Senator Barrasso and I introduced a bill to stop it. Families need time to make decisions about their health care and our bill would require the Administration to provide information on health care costs 30 days before the open enrollment period. Those responsible for this awful law might not want to be held accountable, but the American people sure are ready for a change.
The Ryan-Murray budget deal will spend more, grow government more, with the "promise" of spending cuts that will never materialize. I won’t vote for it.
This morning I voted against a procedural motion for the Ryan-Murray budget deal. This plan increases spending and shows that Congress is OK with putting off the hard decisions. We cannot spend our way to prosperity. I plan to speak on the Senate floor at 9AM Wyoming time on how there is a better way forward. Click the link below to watch live.
The NSA has abused and far exceeded the authority initially intended by Congress. I offered amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act(NDAA) that would have reigned in not only the privacy violations of the NSA, but the collection of financial records by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau without consent. But your voice isn’t being heard once again because the Senate has been prohibited from doing its job. The Senate majority leader has blocked all but two of the over 500 amendments to the NDAA from consideration. If you want to know what is wrong with the Senate and why people of all political persuasions are upset with Congress, that is a big part of the answer right there. The courts have concerns with what the NSA is doing and so do the American people. Why doesn’t the Senate majority or its leader?
If you like your privacy you can’t keep it. A presidential advisory panel has said that the NSA should continue to collect data on every phone call in the U.S. That isn’t surprising from this Administration. Meanwhile the Senate majority leader continues his refusal to let members offer any amendments, including one of mine that would stop the NSA’s broad, sweeping collection of data on Americans’ phone calls and another targeting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  It would require the agency to obtain the written consent of consumers before collecting any of their financial data.
Local communities have invested millions in drinking water system components but a change by the EPA would require them to be thrown away if the components contain a small amount of lead, despite posing no risk to public health. I introduced a bill today that would allow municipalities to use up their current inventory of drinking water fixtures. The cost of scrapping and replacing these parts would hurt already economically-strapped localities and this bill is just one small step we can take to help them save taxpayer money. My bill would save Wyoming communities hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Yesterday the Senate Finance Committee began the process to repeal and replace the current system that Medicare uses to reimburse physicians. Changes to the Medicare ‘doc fix’ are essential, but the fix must be on the books and paid for.
The Ryan-Murray budget deal is the product of a couple people and their staff sitting in a room and then presenting a take-it-or-leave-it deal right before a holiday.  If representatives and senators were to offer constructive amendments and debate spending bills in public we would get a better product. There are some good ideas in this budget, but like so many other deals, it puts off hard decisions until much later.  It charges people and states more for things, such as pensions and uses the money to increase spending in non-related areas. This plan spends more than current law.
During a Senate Finance Committee hearing today on the nomination of the next head of the Internal Revenue Service, I expressed concerns over efforts by the IRS to expand its role into tax preparation, while maintaining its role as tax collector and auditor. Government should stay out of what the private sector is already able to do. I also questioned the culture of inappropriate and excessive spending of taxpayer dollars by the agency.
The federal government sold its last shares of General Motors today at a loss of $10 billion. When government picks winners and losers by getting involved in private enterprise, the taxpayers are left picking up the tab.
A beautiful sight of the Capitol Christmas tree fully lit in front of the U.S. Capitol on December 3. Photo by Caleb Smith.
Senator Barrasso and I were proud to join 76 other senators recently in cosponsoring a bill which would award the four living members of the “Doolittle Raid” with the Congressional Gold Medal. The medal will stand as a testament to the service men’s outstanding act of heroism and valor. Their brave air raid on the Japanese homeland signaled a turning point for the American people during the early stages of the Pacific conflict in World War II.
Ever the salesman, President Obama has started yet another media surge on Obamacare. He’s peddling a faulty product. We need a new, step-by-step approach that is about more choices, competition and lower costs.  What would be more productive is if he and the Senate majority leader would stop blocking our efforts to really let people keep health insurance they like, more reasonably define small business, allow insurance sales across state lines and other measures that would succeed where this law fails.
Today I was given the opportunity to speak at the Wyoming Stock Growers Winter Convention in Casper. The House and Senate are working in a conference committee to resolve the differences between the Senate and House-passed Farm Bill but major issues still remain. I have been pushing several issues important to Wyoming, including finding new resources for managing brucellosis. This disease remains a constant threat to the marketability of Wyoming livestock.
Today the Capitol Dome celebrates its 150th anniversary! On this day in 1863 the Statue of Freedom was placed atop the dome.
This time of year always reminds Diana and I of all we have been blessed to receive for which we are truly grateful. May God continue to bless us as individuals, just as he has blessed us as a nation. Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours.
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video I answer your questions on the continued failures of Obamacare  (0:40) and the history of health care reform (2:24).
The Senate majority leader continues to block important amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). I’ve filed amendments that would rein in the NSA’s domestic spying on Americans and privacy violations by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. ICBMs, religious freedoms, Guantanamo detainees, the National Guard, unlawful detention, and military energy standards are also on my list. Click the link below to find out more about the amendments and the NDAA.
NA
NA
It seems that if it isn’t broke, the federal government can’t wait to fix it. The BLM can’t wait to regulate hydraulic fracturing, but Wyoming and some other states have been overseeing it just fine without the feds for more than 60 years. I’ve cosponsored a bill with Senator Barrasso and Senator Hatch that would recognize states’ authority to regulate hydraulic fracturing by prohibiting the BLM from enforcing federal hydraulic fracturing regulations in any state that already has regulations over the practice.
America’s ICBM force is a visible reminder that America is prepared to protect itself and its allies from any nation that wishes to harm us. This Administration’s tendency to arbitrarily and unilaterally reduce our nuclear force only increases threats to our national security and is a naive and short-sighted policy. We owe it to these men and women at F.E. Warren to stand up against bad policy that puts Wyoming and our nation at risk.
During a Senate Small Business Committee hearing today on the small business exchanges required under President Obama’s health care law, I discussed solutions I have offered to fix America’s health care system long before President Obama became a U.S. senator. I discussed the benefit of allowing small businesses to shop across state lines and the importance of moving forward with market-based reforms that would interject more competition into the health insurance market
Employees should have more say in determining their own rights than union leaders. I joined Sen. Hatch and others in introducing a plan that would protect the right to a secret ballot election when deciding to join a union and give employees the right to say no to having their dues or fees go to fund political activities they don’t agree with. Our bill puts the employee in charge of their money instead of unions. Click the link below to read the bill.
Today I spoke with Fox News’ Gretchen Carlson about the Administration’s broken health care promises. More people have lost their health care coverage than have enrolled in the exchanges, including more than 3,000 who lost their coverage in Wyoming. Those are not results worthy of the American people. As I said three years ago when I fought to stop it, Obamacare is terribly flawed and would cause people to lose coverage they liked.
At noon (Wyoming time) today I plan to go on FOX News Channel’s The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson. I’ll chat with her about some Obamacare history.
More and more Americans are beginning to realize that they were sold Obamacare on false pretenses. Those responsible for saddling the country with this law, including the law’s chief salesman, President Obama, are scrambling to dodge growing public resentment. The laws creators are coming up with “fixes”, but I caution the buyer, beware.
On Nov. 18, 19, and 21 Lincoln, Converse, Crook, Sundance, Niobrara, Teton, Washakie, and Big Horn county residents will have the opportunity to meet with my state staff who pass along to me any concerns or ideas you might have. Click the link below for more information.
This Administration along with most every presidential administration, once it takes power, tends to like that power. They forget that this power is limited by the Constitution. Any power not granted to the federal government and not prohibited to the states is reserved for the states and the people. This is something I’m working with Senator Wicker and others to help people remember. I’m cosponsoring the Restoring the Tenth Amendment Act which would create special standing in court for designated state government officials to challenge federal regulations implementing new laws or presidential executive orders.
On the Senate floor today I shared the story of Grete from Laramie who wrote to me about losing her health insurance plan that she liked thanks to the president’s health care law. I also talked about the 2,600 people in Wyoming who are losing their health care coverage they liked. Click the link below to watch the video.
On Nov. 14 and 15 Uinta, Sheridan and Weston County residents will have the opportunity to meet with my state staff.  On Nov. 14, Reagen Green will be at Mountain View Town Hall at 3 p.m. and in Evanston at the Uinta County Library at 5 p.m.  DeAnna Kay will be at the Dayton Tongue River Valley Community Center at 9:30 a.m. and at the Sheridan YMCA in the Whitney Room at 1 p.m.  On Nov. 15, DeAnna will be at the Upton library at 1 p.m. and at the Newcastle library at 4 p.m. I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to listen to comments and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have. For more information, call the Gillette office at 307-682-6268 or the Jackson office at 307-739-9507.
I welcomed Wyoming author and entrepreneur Lt. Col. Jason Anderson to the Senate Small Business Committee today to discuss how military personnel can better prepare themselves for civilian life.  Jason has set up and launched his own business before his military retirement.
This Administration has demonstrated a Washington-knows-best attitude no matter if it comes to your health, your business or your land. Recently Senator John Barrasso, Rep.  Cynthia Lummis, and I joined Senator Heller and a few others in asking Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to be specific about her threat to, with the president, bypass Congress and declare certain lands off limits for various uses. Congress is made up of the duly elected representatives of the “communities and people throughout the country” she seeks to make decisions for.
Whenever you see a veteran or someone on active duty, take a moment to thank them for their service. Their sacrifices make it so that we can live in freedom and in peace. Thank you veterans for all that you do.
In an NBC News interview this week, President Obama apologized to people who are losing their health care plans despite repeated promises from him that they wouldn’t.  That, however, will not give people back the health care plans they liked and lost.  If he wants to give credibility to this statement then he can support Senator Ron Johnson’s bill, S. 1617, that would ensure people can actually keep health plans they like. The promise the president apologized for is STILL on the White House website.
We warned and fought against the grave consequences of Obamacare, but it’s more than theoretical now. It’s real and you are personally affected. If you would like to share your own story, click this link. republican.senate.gov/YourStory
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video I answer your questions on Americans losing their health insurance (0:16) and the EPA’s war on coal (2:04).
I spoke with FOX News’ Megyn Kelly this week about the Administration’s broken health care promises and my prediction in 2010 that Americans would not be able to keep the health care they liked. Once again I am working on passing legislation to overturn the rules that would take away your ability to keep your insurance.
At a Finance Committee hearing today, I told the Secretary of Health and Human Services that she should be worried about people who are losing health insurance they wanted to keep. She helped President Obama break his promise. We have legislation in the Senate now that would fix this problem.
At 7:30 p.m. Wyoming time, I plan to join Megyn Kelly on Fox News to talk about Obamacare and President Obama’s broken promise that you could keep your health insurance plan if you liked it.
Senators in the majority stopped us in 2010 from making sure the Administration would not take away the health care plans you wanted to keep. They can change their minds now and support Senator Ron Johnson’s bill, S. 1617 or other solutions that would help them make some amends for a promise that went too far.
This spring Senator Cardin and I introduced a bill that would give people an incentive to save money to pay for their own health care.  Last week the Department of Treasury changed its medical flexible spending account rules so people can roll over up to $500 in any unspent money to the next year. That is a move in the right direction. Medical flexible savings accounts help people be proactive and plan ahead for their health care needs. It’s their money, they should keep it.
Fox’s Megyn Kelly asked Nov. 1 why Obamacare supporters voted against my proposal in 2010 that would have helped people keep health plans they liked.
The president and authors of his health care bill promised three years ago that if you liked your health care plan you would be able to keep it. Only now that people are losing their health care plans right and left are they revealing the catch that you can only keep it so long as it, “…fits into this new regime that we are building for America.” That is what one prominent senator said last week. That is the vision of this Administration and this majority in the Senate and it has nothing to do with individual choice or freedom.
Henry Ford said that customers could have his Model T in any color they wanted as long as it was black. Sounds similar to what the president has promised with health care. If you like your current plan you can keep it, as long as it’s a model the government chooses. I pointed out three years ago that the Administration had started us down this path, which is why I offered a resolution that would have given people the honest choice to keep their plans. Despite several warnings, everyone in the majority party in the Senate voted against it. We have a bill that would give them another chance to keep their promise. They need to support us this time.
This Administration wants government to be in charge of your health care, but it can’t even coordinate efficiently enough to give realistic projections on what our future health care workforce needs may be. Health Resources and Services Administration’s reliance on out-of-date data and its failure to adjust agency priorities to address actual workforce shortages threatens to reduce access to care and exacerbate shortages in the future. Click the link below to find out more and to read the report that I requested with Senators Coburn and Burr.
Customer service EPA style! The EPA is taking its coal-killing rule on a listening tour, but missing are stops in Wyoming, West Virginia and Kentucky. We’ve written to the EPA asking the agency to own up to the people who are most hurt by this proposal.
For hundreds of years people in Wyoming and the West have fought over it. Those who control it, control the means to live.  Few things are more precious and now the federal government is bullying people into turning their water rights over to Uncle Sam.  I joined Senator Barrasso in introducing legislation designed to put a stop to this abuse of power.
Last call! The deadline to apply for the spring U.S. Senate page program in Washington, D.C. is coming up on November 6. If you are a Wyoming junior in high school with at least a 3.0 grade point average, make sure to apply for this opportunity to learn firsthand how the U.S. Senate works and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply.
At the budget conference committee today I offered several concrete solutions to solve our budget impasse.  I hope we can at least make a small move in that direction with this conference committee. We should be able to make reasonable, real, progress on our deficits and debt.
If something is repeated often enough the thought is that people will believe it, even if it’s false. That has been this Administration’s Obamacare mantra. Whether it’s that Obamacare will cost people less, bring the deficit down or that if people like their health care plan they can keep it, these claims have been made over and over.  The problem is that they aren’t true. The website problems are visible, but small compared to the fundamental flaws of this law. We can put a better system in place, but we need people to help this Administration and Senate majority leadership face reality.
This morning I plan to speak at the Budget Conference Committee. Watch live at the link below.
With bark beetles and drought we have a wildfire problem in our region, but we can do more to make it better.  Wyoming, Colorado and South Dakota lawmakers are asking the U.S. Department of Agriculture to step up efforts and cooperation with the timber industry.
The Senate majority’s vote today will allow for a debt limit increase through February 2014 without a plan or mechanism in place to cut spending. I don’t support it. $17 trillion is a massive hole we’ve dug for ourselves, yet the majority insists we keep digging deeper.
I had the honor of speaking to hundreds of Americans who joined coal industry workers at the American Energy Jobs Rally at the base of the U.S. Capitol on October 29. Coal has been providing our nation with the energy we need for generations and we need to be sure it has the freedom from excessive regulation it needs to continue to power the nation.
NA
I had a wonderful visit with the 5th grade students at Henderson Elementary School in Cheyenne on October 22. It’s always good to stop by and visit with students about the importance of one of the great adventures in their lives – school!
I was proud this week to present the Congressional Bronze Medal Award to Savannah Brown, Katie Schulz, Bailey Hamann, and Ryan Jones. Each of these students earned their award through their commitment to physical fitness and community service in Wyoming, developing their potential by accepting the challenge to better themselves and their communities. You can find more about the Congressional Award by visiting: http://www.enzi.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/congressional-award
NA
My home is in coal country so it was a special honor to receive the Senator Jennings Randolph Lifetime Achievement Award from the Washington Coal Club. There is a deficit of understanding in this country when it comes to energy, especially coal and I’m pleased to help in this effort to inform and strengthen.
My home is in coal country so it was a special honor to receive the Senator Jennings Randolph Lifetime Achievement Award from the Washington Coal Club.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a spring internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply has been extended to November 14, 2013. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
President Obama is in denial about his health care law train wreck and Secretary Sebelius is in hiding. If a private business did something this poorly, customers could choose to go elsewhere to get what they need, but in this case Americans will be forced to pay for and be part of a flawed system or face federal punishment. That isn’t my vision of America and I’ll continue our fight to create a health care system that is more about patients and less about government bureaucracies.
Latest debt limit deal was a wasted opportunity to apply reasonable constraints to impossibly high future spending, but the president and Senate majority knew they had the politically stronger position and refused to negotiate. They got more spending, but there was no plan to solve the problem. I didn’t want to vote to raise the debt limit without a plan to decrease the deficit. I have a penny plan that would get us out of deficit spending in two years but no ideas like that were even considered.
Senate leadership crafted a spending deal today, but it isn’t one I support. It’s a promise to work on our debt problem tomorrow, but the past tells us that when tomorrow comes, those who refuse to acknowledge our country’s fiscal peril will insist yet again on ignoring it. I understand that reducing spending is hard and it makes a lot of people angry, but the answer to our nation’s debt crisis is to prioritize, stop borrowing and not spend more than we have.
The United States is not bound by any treaty until the Senate ratifies it and I joined 49 other senators today in notifying President Obama that we will oppose ratification of the United Nations’ Arms Trade Treaty. There are at least half a dozen reasons why Secretary Kerry should never have signed it, not the least of which is making our citizens’ right to bear arms vulnerable to attack from outside our borders. Click the link below to read the letter.
I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about my visit to the White House, why all-inclusive spending bills are bad, and how preventing amendments denies our ability to represent our constituents.
The Senate majority sought to add the equivalent of about $3,000 in debt to every man, woman and child over the next year without taking any steps to lessen future spending.  My colleagues and I on my side of the aisle voted against it.  The House has sent more than a dozen bills to the Senate that would fund government, but the majority leader refuses to let us vote.  We can fund government and pay our bills, but we need to do it responsibly.
Yesterday, I addressed some of your questions and comments from Facebook and Twitter about funding the federal government (0:20), the closure of national parks (1:53), and the debt ceiling (3:50).
Today I questioned Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew about the Administration’s refusal to discuss long-term debt solutions in conjunction with an extension of the debt limit. The federal government has a spending problem, not an income problem. We have to pay our bills, but as we talk about borrowing more to pay them, it's fitting to talk about lowering our bills in the future so we don’t have this problem over and over and over. The Administration says, ‘we’ll talk later – after you give us the ability to spend more’.  No, let’s talk now.
National parks play an important role in our local communities and should be reopened immediately. I called for approval of a bill today that would fund and reopen all of America’s national parks but the Senate majority rejected it. Click the link below to see a clip from my speech and part of the debate on the Senate floor.
The Administration seems intent on beating up those of us who want to limit spending, but winning a PR campaign won’t solve our country’s debt problem. We have enough money to make our debt payments.
Since the House has moved to pay furloughed federal workers and that proposal is supported by the White House, I asked my staff to come back to work today. We are resuming service as much as we can given the government is still shut down. If my staff will be paid whether they are working or not, they should be working. This shutdown is the responsibility of the members of Congress so when the shutdown is over and I get my paycheck, I plan to return whatever portion of it was earned during the shutdown.
Until the federal government is fully funded again, services my office performs will be very limited. My social media and web page will not be updated. Constituent mail and email inquiries, tours, requests for help with federal agencies (casework), flag requests and other functions will start up again after the shutdown. One of my state offices will be open on a rotating basis and I will have limited personnel taking phone messages in my D.C. office. I will focus on ending the shutdown, but will continue to support defunding the president’s health care law and will not support overspending. By law, members of Congress will receive pay during a shutdown, but I plan to send that back.
Last night the Senate majority rejected a House approved continuing resolution to fund the government. This guaranteed the first government shutdown in 17 years. The Senate majority also rejected an offer from the House to create a conference committee to reconcile the difference between the two chambers. I will not support a bill that funds Obamacare. We need to pass my legislation that would ensure that Washington must go on the Obamacare exchanges with the rest of America.
I voted to fund the government, pay our troops, and stop Obamacare. The Senate majority would rather shutdown the federal government. Click the link below to read some of my thoughts on why our country is being brought to the brink of a crisis again.
I was one of 19 senators to vote against cloture on the continuing resolution, which would allow the Senate majority leader to strip out the defund Obamacare provision.
Our missile state coalition is telling Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to back away from a Defense Department plan to conduct an environmental study on the possible elimination of intercontinental ballistic missile silos. Legislation in both the Senate and the House of Representatives prohibits the department from moving forward on such an environmental study with Fiscal Year 2014 funds.
Congress has just sent the President a bipartisan bill that will ensure America has a stable supply of helium. He should sign it into law. Thanks to the revenue raised by this bill, Wyoming will soon start receiving part of its AML funding that was stolen last year. The delegation will continue to take every opportunity to make sure Washington fully restores Wyoming’s AML funds.
Folks in Wyoming have been asking me about defunding Obamacare and the president exempting Congress from the health care law. I will vote against cloture and I will vote to #DefundObamaCare. I am also working to make sure Congress doesn't get exempt from the laws they pass. Check out the video below to see if I answered your question.
I will not support a continuing resolution that funds implementation or enforcement of ObamaCare. I will not support parliamentary maneuvering that will strip the defunding of ObamaCare provisions from the House passed continuing resolution. I will vote against cloture. My vote will be a vote to #DefundObamaCare. Anyone or any organization that tells you different is selling something.
The Second Amendment was put in place to guarantee Americans a vital freedom—our right to keep and bear arms. Despite this, Secretary of State John Kerry signed the United Nations small arms treaty today that would threaten U.S. sovereignty and our Second Amendment freedoms. Wyoming gun owners have made it clear that our rights are not up for negotiation with the United Nations. Before this treaty can have the force of law and be ratified, it must pass the Senate with a two-thirds vote. I have opposed this treaty since it was first proposed and will continue to stand up for our rights on both foreign and domestic fronts. I will fight to ensure this treaty is dead on arrival in the Senate.
I joined Sen. Ted Cruz on the Senate floor tonight in support of defunding Obamacare.  The majority has not allowed the Senate to do its job.  We should pass individual appropriations bills with amendments and changes.  If we were allowed to do that, we wouldn’t be in the position we find ourselves now. I am pleased to be part of Senator Lee’s, Senator Cruz's and the efforts of others to defund Obamacare.
I think $100 billion is a lot of money, a significant amount of money.  That’s at least how much customers of health insurance companies will end up paying because of some new taxes under Obamacare, yet the IRS and Department of Treasure seem to think this is ‘insignificant’. I’ve teamed up with Senator Barrasso, Rep. Erik Paulsen and others to ask the Administration to justify why it doesn't think these taxes are economically significant.
I am working to repeal, defund, and delay Obamacare. I have cosponsored a bill with Senator Hatch, R-Utah, to delay the health insurance exchanges until the Government Accountability Office and the HHS Inspector General can certify that the necessary privacy and data parameters are in place. Along with delaying a key part of Obamacare, this bill would ensure that Congress is working to keep your personal information secure.
Some of my colleagues and I in the Senate are asking the Administration to continue to reject yet another special exemption from Obamacare. In a letter signed with other Republican senators I urged the Administration to ensure that union members cannot double dip on benefits under Obamacare. We must continue our efforts to repeal, defund, and dismantle Obamacare, but the President should not create special exemptions for only those groups who supported his campaign while non-union employers struggle under the health care law’s onerous and costly mandates.
The EPA proposed a new rule today that essentially bans construction of new coal-fired power plants. Senator Barrasso and I have offered legislation that would stop this job-killing rule. Congress should be setting energy policy for the country, not the Administration through back door, unaccountable executive actions.
Creating 20,000 jobs and getting energy from our friends should have been an easy decision five years ago when the Keystone Pipeline was first proposed. It should be an even easier decision today. Wyoming knows the importance of a growing energy sector and I call on President Obama to confront the anti-energy interests in his own party and to approve this project so we can put people to work and continue to move toward energy independence.
Today the Senate majority blocked Senator Ted Cruz’s, R-Texas, resolution to establish a joint select committee to investigate and report on the attack on the United States diplomatic facility and American personnel in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012.  I signed Sen. Cruz’s resolution. Mistakes were made in Benghazi that resulted in the loss of four American lives, including one of our ambassadors. We owe it to those in harm’s way, we owe it to the American people, to find out what really happened and why the Administration has stonewalled any attempts at transparency.
It’s official. President Obama signed my bill to transfer federal land from BLM control to the Powell Recreation District, which has managed the land for years.
Yesterday I spoke on the floor of the Senate about the importance of my bill with Senator Vitter that would require members of Congress, the president, vice president, and all political appointees to get their health insurance through the Obamacare exchanges without taxpayer funded subsidies. While we fight to repeal, defund, and dismantle Obamacare, those responsible for passing and implementing this train wreck of a law should have to live under it, just like the American people. No exemptions, no exceptions. Click the link to learn more.
Earlier today I joined Gov. Huckabee on his radio show and talked about my efforts with Sen. Vitter to prevent President Obama from exempting Congress from Obamacare. The president talks about how great the health care law will be for everyone, but it's apparently not good enough for him, the vice president, or his political appointees. I've been fighting this awful law since day one and will continue my efforts to repeal, defund, and dismantle it.
It was 226 years ago today we adopted our Constitution. It’s a magnificent document that has enabled America to be a magnificent country. The Constitution is a document that limits the power of government. Many have forgotten that, but I haven’t and the people of Wyoming haven’t. Please take the time to remind others at every opportunity. Long live the Constitution.
Senator Barrasso and I joined efforts this week in calling for a joint select committee to be established to investigate and report on the Benghazi attack in Libya that killed four Americans, including the first ambassador to be murdered since 1979. We believe the American people deserve to have a complete account from their government of the events of in Benghazi. Click the link below to find out more.
I joined efforts this week to stop the Obama Administration from offering labor unions an exemption from Obamacare. The president likes to hand out exemptions to his friends, but not to the American people. Instead of exemptions from this train wreck, let’s get rid of this bad law. I’m working with Senators Lee and Cruz to defund the law and others to fully repeal it. I’m also supporting 15 other bills that would start dismantling this awful law a piece at a time. Click the link below to read more about the labor union exemptions and our efforts to stop them.
Calling all Wyoming students who are juniors in high school with at least a 3.0 grade point average: Interested in learning firsthand how the U.S. Senate works? Then apply for the spring session of the U.S. Senate page program. You’ll live in Washington, D.C. and be a part of your nation’s history! Deadline is November 6. Click on the link to learn how to apply.
I filed an amendment today that would prevent the EPA from trampling on a state’s right to address regional haze locally. The haze we most need to regulate, in fact, seems to be the one that is clouding the vision of the EPA as it promotes a plan that would impose onerous regulations on power plants that will in turn pass those increased costs, in the form of higher energy prices, on to consumers.
One year after Americans died in Benghazi we still don’t know the full story of what happened and how.
I warned people about the blatant privacy intrusions of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It's getting worse.
More than a decade ago, America showed the world our resolve, our strength, and our commitment to our principles as we stood together as one nation in the face of the worst act of terrorism in our nation’s history. Let’s remember September 11 and the feelings we had for our country and each other. May we rekindle the sense of community, country and world that we felt then. May lasting good come out of the chaos.
Washington should have to live under the same rules Obamacare architects are forcing on the American people. Sen. Vitter, Sen. Heller, and I plan to introduce legislation next week to ensure that members of Congress, the president, and the Administration must purchase their health insurance on the Obamacare exchanges without the help of taxpayer-funded subsidies. Congressmen Ron DeSantis and Dennis Ross will also introduce companion legislation in the House of Representatives. This is people’s health care and they deserve fairness.
I am pleased the House passed my bill today to give official ownership of Powell Shooting Range to Powell Recreation District.
I have not seen a proposal for U.S. military action in Syria that I support and I plan to vote “no” if given the opportunity. President Obama painted himself in a corner with his “red line” comments and now he is trying to transfer ownership to Congress. It’s unfortunate that he has put our country in this position, but it’s a no sale for me. We shouldn't use our military to intervene in the conflict without specific, definable and achievable U.S. policy and strategic objectives.
Hundreds of employers have cut jobs or slashed their employees’ hours in order to prepare for ObamaCare’s high costs.
In case you missed it: Sen. John Barrasso points to flaws in #ObamaCare in weekly GOP address.
I'm not a pundit, I'm a senator. I back up what I say with actions, with votes and decisions. Therefore I am carefully studying the proposals for authorizing the President to engage in military action in Syria. I am reviewing the findings of Senate committees and the case the Administration is making, but so far, I haven’t seen any reason to enter a war and risk American lives when there is no clearly defined national security interest and allies have not been cultivated.
Wyoming newspapers play an important role in our communities across the state. Local newspapers keep us informed and connected, particularly in small towns. I like Wyoming newspapers. If you like Wyoming newspapers as well, show your support by sharing this post and "liking" your local paper on Facebook today.
I will be in Evanston tonight holding a listening session at the Evanston Roundhouse, Portland Rose Room, 1440 Main Street, from 5-6PM. If you’re in the area, I hope you’ll stop by and share your thoughts and ideas with me.
Have you ever visited the Smithsonian? By uploading a picture of your experiences there, your photo may even be chosen to be featured in an on-site exhibit in 2014. So far they have received photos from 49 states, but nothing from Wyoming. Help represent our state by clicking the link below.
Recently, I sat down with Tracee Davis of the Sheridan Press and talked about my concerns over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). This agency can look into your financial records without asking and there is no way to opt out. We have already seen the sort of privacy invasions that can occur when the government’s ability to collect information on American citizens goes unchecked. Congress has less control over the CFPB than the NSA. Click the link below to hear my other thoughts on the topic.
The federal government announced late yesterday that it will return more than $50 million in mineral revenue owed to Wyoming. The sequester was used as an excuse to take state money despite being guaranteed by law. I’m pleased that this money will be returned. Senator Barrasso, Rep. Lummis, and I worked together to get the state reimbursed. We will still move forward with our bill to prevent the federal government from stealing state money in the future. It would also allow states the option to collect their own mineral revenue. Click the link below to find out more.
I remain committed to repealing, defunding, and dismantling Obamacare piece-by-piece. Until that happens, Congress, the President, and the political appointees in the Executive Branch in Washington should have to live under the laws they pass and not be able to exempt themselves. The legislation Senator Vitter and I plan to introduce will make sure government officials are not exempt from Obamacare. They will be required to get their insurance through the exchanges like everyone else without a taxpayer-funded subsidy.
When Congress is back in session, Sen. Vitter and I plan to introduce legislation to require that all Members of Congress, the President, Vice President, and all political appointees in the Administration to purchase their health insurance on the Obamacare Exchange without the help of taxpayer-funded subsidies. There’s no excuse for trying to let government officials off the hook when the American people are already paying the price of bad policy. Click the link below to find out more and sign up to be a Citizen Cosponsor of the Vitter-Enzi legislation.
NA
We have health care ideas. They will actually work and are more affordable.
Dozens of people came to each of my listening sessions in Alpine, Kemmerer, Glenrock and Buffalo.  Concerns about Obamacare, the Administration's war on coal, taxes, debt and federal overreach were some of the top issues.  Thursday I'll be listening in Worland at the Washakie Museum and Cultural Center at 1:30 p.m. and the Greybull Community Hall at 4 p.m.
I had the privilege of participating August 9 in the groundbreaking ceremony for the new Wind River Job Corps Center in Riverton. This will be the first Job Corps Center in Wyoming. The persistence that the Riverton City Council, the county commissioners, and others demonstrated throughout this process is a credit to the dedication of the people of Wyoming. The project is a result of many people’s hard work.
States are best positioned to regulate hydraulic fracturing.
I was honored to take part in the ground-breaking ceremony of the Wind River Job Corps Center in Riverton on August 9th. My hat is off to the Riverton community leaders and state leaders whose tireless efforts over the years helped make this project a reality. The center is expected to employ 400 workers during construction with 100 permanent employees when the center is operational. A total of 300 students will be served at a time when the center is up and running. Without bipartisanship, this project never would have happened.
This week there are media reports that hidden "in a maze of legal and bureaucratic language" on the Department of Labor website is another exemption from Obamacare for some insurance companies so they won't have to comply with limits on what they can charge people. If you are keeping score so far the Administration has given a break to businesses, Congress, and insurance companies, but not to individual Americans. I have said from the start that this law was unfair, too complex and unworkable. I will continue my efforts to dismantle it and put in its place a workable system.
NA
I am planning more listening sessions throughout the state this month. Monday, Aug. 12, I plan to be in Alpine at 9 a.m. in the civic center, then the Kemmerer South Lincoln Training Center at 2 p.m. On Wednesday, Aug. 14, I plan to be at the senior center in Glenrock at 2:30 p.m.  Friday, Aug. 16 I plan to visit with folks in Buffalo at the Johnson County Library at 10 a.m.  On Aug. 22 I plan to be in Worland at the Washakie Museum and Cultural Center at 1:30 p.m. and in Greybull at the community hall at 4 p.m. So far this year Diana and I have heard from folks at listening sessions in Gillette, Sheridan, Casper, Wheatland, Cheyenne, Powell, Thermopolis, Riverton, Rock Springs, Pinedale, Jackson, Sundance, Newcastle, Lusk, Torrington, Pine Bluffs, Laramie and Rawlins. Thanks for your great ideas.
It’s been a great August already. I enjoyed the Gift of the Waters pageant and parade in Thermopolis Saturday. Saturday night I had the honor to go to the “Around the Wold in 97 years” birthday party in Casper for long-time Wyoming business leader and former U.S. House member, John Wold. I’m in Jackson for much of this week supporting Congressional Awards. Friday I am looking forward to breaking ground at the new Wind River Job Corp Center in Riverton. Saturday it’s the 100th Anniversary celebration of Kaycee. I am also planning more listening sessions throughout the state. I’ll post more information soon.
The First Amendment protects religion from government, there’s no need for activist courts to protect government from religion.  Senator Barrasso and I joined Senator Marco Rubio and other Senate colleagues recently in filing an amicus brief in the U.S. Supreme Court regarding Town of Greece v. Galloway, a landmark case concerning religious liberty.
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” video I answer your questions on my Penny Plan (0:31), tax reform (1:10), UN arms treaty (2:02), checks and balances (2:40), and defunding Obamacare (3:40). Click the link to see if your question was answered.
Our country needs to quickly halt the nation’s debt spiral. We can do it. I joined Senators Barrasso, Paul, Risch, Vitter, Isakson and Rubio this week in introducing the “Penny Plan”, which would balance the budget in two years by cutting one penny from every dollar of total government spending.
How far is this Administration going to go to convince you that Obamacare is the greatest thing since sliced bread?  The Department of Education, the Institute of Museum and Library Services and many other non-health related agencies are paying people to convince you.  Some of my Senate colleagues and I are seeking to learn more.
For too long Congress has been ignoring our Founding Fathers’ belief that government must be limited in order to safeguard the freedoms and liberties that rightfully belong to the people. I joined Senators Barrasso, Coburn, Paul and others this week in introducing the Enumerated Powers Act of 2013 in order to give members of Congress more tools to stop unconstitutional legislation.
I voted against B. Todd Jones’ nomination to serve as the Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. The Senate should not be voting on a nominee who has an open investigation into that nominee’s conduct and who has not been fully cooperative with Congress over the Fast and Furious Scandal. I have questioned the bureau’s overreach and restrictions on our Second Amendment rights. We shouldn't put a nominee in charge of this bureau whose judgment has been called into question, but that is what the Senate majority did last night.
In the Senate HELP Committee we passed a bill today that would upgrade one of our workforce laws. The Workforce Investment Act is great for people out of work and local businesses looking for particular skill sets. It also will help our country be more competitive globally.
I supported Senator Paul’s amendment that would suspend military aid to Egypt until a full peaceful transfer of power has taken place.  The Senate voted it down.  U.S. law now prohibits foreign assistance to any country whose duly elected head of government is deposed by a military coup.  That is what happened in Egypt.  Sen. Paul’s amendment would require us to follow the law.
Today I voted against the president’s National Labor Relations Board nominees Nancy Schiffer and Kent Hirozawa. These nominations were not only rushed through committee to the floor for a vote without properly answering questions by senators, but are part of a questionable deal with the majority to replace illegally appointed nominees to the board. I also voted against Mark Gaston Pearce. His aggressive leadership of the board has gone beyond what the board was created for.
Federal red tape and lawsuits are two of the biggest job killers our businesses face today. Senator Barrasso and I joined Senators Portman, McCaskill, and Donnelly today to introduce a bill that is designed to streamline and improve the federal permitting process. This bill would restrict environmental groups to a more reasonable deadline if they plan to bring a lawsuit against a project under the National Environmental Policy Act, among other improvements. The bill would also permit courts to consider potential job loss in weighing whether or not to stop a project.
It was a great weekend in Cheyenne at the rodeo. I was pleased to be able to celebrate National Day of the American Cowboy with Susan Thomas. U.S. Senator Craig Thomas started the tradition of designating the fourth Saturday in July National Day of the American Cowboy nine years ago. I am pleased to continue it. Cheyenne Frontier Days General Chairman Darin Westby and announcer Justin McKee were also on hand. Thanks to Steve Girt for the photo.
America’s tax system needs a major overhaul. It needs to be made much more simple and fair.  I’m one of two trained accountants in the Senate, so as a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I was pleased to hear the chairman and ranking member want to begin work on changing the system.  I have submitted a couple ideas and look forward to discussing these and many others.
I joined Senators Lee, Paul, Cruz, and others in sending a letter to Senator Reid to tell him we will not support any continuing resolution that provides funding for Obamacare. Add your name to the Defund Obamacare letter by clicking below.
The Senate majority voted last night for more spending on the Senate transportation and housing appropriations bill than is allowed by recent budget agreements. I voted against spending $10 billion more than the House bill and $2 billion more than the President’s budget request. America is broke and continuing to pass more debt onto our children and grandchildren is wrong. We should be passing my Penny Plan. It would balance the budget by cutting a single penny from every dollar the federal government spends for each of two years.
Tax reform should not be used to increase taxes on American families and job creators. That is why today I joined Senate Republican leadership and Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee in sending a letter to the panel’s chairman and ranking member stating that any comprehensive tax reform legislation should be revenue neutral. America faces long-term fiscal challenges due to the projected growth of entitlement spending, not a lack of tax revenue. Click below to read the letter.
The Senate passed a permanent student loan rate fix this evening. It's market-based, fiscally responsible, and fair to both students and taxpayers.
Earlier this month, Diana and I traveled over 2,000 miles across Wyoming. We held “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions in seven communities in the state. We were pleased to hear from residents from all over Wyoming. I appreciate the ability of Wyoming folks to know what is wrong and to come up with new ideas to solve the most complex of problems.
Government agencies need to be more accountable to you in how they spend taxpayer money. I joined Senator Coburn and others in introducing a bill that would cut spending on government-sponsored conferences and require the expenses to be published online. With a $17 trillion national debt, these agencies should be required to prioritize how they spend tax dollars and cut the worst first.
A large majority of my colleagues voted today to proceed to a transportation, housing and urban development funding bill that would cost taxpayers $2 billion more than the president requested and $10 billion more than what the House is proposing.  I voted against it.  We’re not going to make progress on getting our deficit under control unless we set limits and stick to them.  I hope the bill looks better at the end than it does at its beginning on the Senate floor.
It’s a shame that the majority in the Senate has isolated senators and stifled debate by severely cutting the committee roles. This also is very helpful to any president who wants the federal government to do more, but for people to know less about it.
Advice to my grandkids: Learn from the mistakes you make, but more importantly, learn from the mistakes of others.
National Day of the American Cowboy is officially July 27! Senator Barrasso and I introduced a resolution that the Senate unanimously passed last week to honor the accomplishments and contributions of cowboys across the nation. U.S. Senator Craig Thomas started this tradition of naming the fourth Saturday in July “National Day of the American Cowboy” in 2005 and the day coincides each year with Cheyenne Frontier Days. Since Thomas’ passing, we have continued the tradition in honor of his legacy.
This is the second part of my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” constituent video. In this clip I address some of your concerns over the senate filibuster negotiations. Click the link below to understand why the filibuster is essential for the Senate.
In my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” constituent video, I discuss your concerns over student loan interest rates. Click below to see if your comment was mentioned and to find out more about this topic.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply has been extended to July 26, 2013. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
Today I also voted against the confirmation of Gina McCarthy to be the Administrator to the EPA. She has played an active role in pushing regulations that target coal and other traditional forms of energy. The EPA is a weapon this Administration uses to advance policies it can’t get through Congress. The president’s energy agenda is an attack on Wyoming industry and workers. It will result in higher energy bills for our families.
Today I voted against the confirmation of Tom Perez to serve as the Secretary of Labor. Wyoming is a right-to-work state and our state’s laws are not up for debate. Since his nomination by President Obama, I have had concerns about his ability to fairly represent the interests of both businesses and labor unions. When I asked Mr. Perez about mine safety rules that would negatively impact Wyoming, his inadequate responses only reinforced my concerns about this confirmation.
Federal employees shouldn't be paid by taxpayers to complete duties that are not related to their job, including highly political union-related activities. Senator Barrasso and I joined efforts today to reduce this use of “official time” for government employees. Federal agencies have a mission, and that should be the priority of their workers.
I will be sending out my monthly e-newsletter later today. Click the link below to sign up.
Should any one person have as much power as Richard Cordray? The Senate voted today to move forward on his confirmation as Director of the Consumer Protection Bureau. He will control an annual budget of as much as $600 million with zero accountability. He can use that money to access your personal financial records and you don’t have the option of saying no. I voted against Mr. Cordray’s confirmation and the Dodd-Frank law that created this new, massive and powerful branch of the federal government. Big Brother is here. Dodd-Frank invited him into your lives.
If the majority in the Senate uses the nuclear option to weaken the filibuster, they weaken the Senate itself. A weak Senate is more susceptible to the demands of a smaller majority and any president. What the Senate majority is considering would be incredibly short-sighted.
Let’s set the record straight on the student loan issue: The higher interest rate of 6.88% only applies to NEW loans and goes in part to pay for health care because of a provision the majority wrote in ObamaCare. If you currently have a student loan, the terms were set when you first got your loan and those do not change. The Democrat’s student loan plan that was defeated recently would not have helped anyone currently with a loan. It would have lowered the rate for 40 percent of new loans, for a single year. It would kick the can down the road once more and leave 60 percent of students stuck with a higher rate. We can do better and that’s why I support finding a permanent solution to this problem and not a short-term fix. Click the link to hear my floor speech on the issue.
Whether because of pride, politics or a genuine belief that the government knows best, many of the authors of President Obama’s health care law stubbornly cling to an idea that is so massive, burdensome, bureaucratic and confusing that it’s collapsing under its own weight. By dismantling the worst parts of this law first and replacing them with reforms that actually work, we can take steps to create positive changes in the law. Fixing our health care system doesn’t have to be the divisive and partisan issue it became in 2010 when half of America was ignored. If we approach this in a more practical, rather than a political way, we should be able to make things better. Good policy is good politics. To watch the the GOP weekly address I gave for this week, please click the link below.
The Senate majority’s plan to change the filibuster in the Senate is a big deal. I don’t care if you are liberal or if you are conservative, if you have ever disagreed with popular opinion, speak against this change.
I joined my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee yesterday in demanding an in-depth analysis on how the Administration will prevent the new health insurance exchanges from becoming a burden on the federal budget and ensure exchange operations are self-sustaining, as required by law. Click here to read the letter we sent.
Today I spoke on the Senate floor about the need for a permanent fix for college loan interest rates. The Senate majority continues to push for a plan that kicks the can down the road in place of a permanent solution and would only help 40 percent of students getting new loans. In June, I voted for a long-term, market-based solution that mirrored the plan President Obama offered. This would have permanently fixed the interest rate for 100 percent of students getting new loans, but it’s a plan the Senate majority now refuses to bring to a vote. Please click the link below to watch my speech.
Happy birthday Wyoming! We're 123 years old. President Benjamin Harrison signed the Statehood Bill to make Wyoming the 44th state on July 10, 1890.
The Obama Administration should pay more than lip service to bipartisan ideas on how to make sure doctors get paid to care for Medicare patients. Unless Congress intervenes to ensure more predictable payments to physicians, seniors‘ care choices could be limited as fewer providers accept Medicare patients. There have been a number of bipartisan commissions and proposals that would reduce costs for many seniors. These bipartisan suggestions are good, but they’ve been thrown away by the Obama Administration.
NA
I was pleased to see the Senate unanimously confirm Wyoming Attorney General Greg Phillips to be a judge on the U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. Click below to read more.
Tomorrow I plan to be in Laramie and Rawlins for more public “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. Please stop by and share your thoughts with me. Click below for more details.
I hope everyone has a great time celebrating America’s independence with family BBQs, parades, and picnics in the park. I look forward to doing just that in Guernsey!
On Tuesday, I plan to be in Torrington and Pine Bluffs for public “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. Please stop by and share your thoughts and concerns with me. Click below for more details.
Today, I plan to be in Sundance, Newcastle, and Lusk for some public “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. Click below for more details.
Earlier this week, the Supreme Court agreed to consider a case that challenges the legality of President Obama’s “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board last year.  I am pleased that the Supreme Court has decided to address the Executive Branch’s unparalleled decision to overstep the Senate’s constitutionally prescribed role in the appointment process.  Two lower courts have previously ruled the appointments unconstitutional. The president’s claims that he can declare the Senate “unavailable” and thus in “recess”, even though it is holding regular meetings, would demolish the checks and balances inherent in our Constitution.
We can all agree that our immigration system needs to be fixed, but this bill fails to address too many key issues for me to support it. In order for immigration reform to work, we must have a strong, workable employment verification system in place. If we can ensure that only legal job seekers gain employment in this country, then we remove the incentive for illegal immigration. The bill also fails to prevent non-citizens from receiving welfare and tax benefits and fails to fully address border security and border enforcement. Had more amendments been allowed, and if we had addressed the underlying issues individually, we could have made some commonsense changes that would have allowed everyone’s voice to be heard. Our constituents didn’t send us to Washington to get something done quickly, they sent us here to get it right.
The Senate will vote on the immigration reform bill around 2PM Wyoming time. The bill’s proposed E-Verify system makes it harder, not easier, for employers to ensure that their employees are lawful. It fails to protect businesses from employees submitting fake identification documents. In order for immigration reform to work we must have a strong, workable employment verification system in place. If we can ensure that only legal job seekers gain employment in this country, then we remove the incentive for illegal immigration.
In the past three weeks, we have only voted on a few amendments, far less than what is needed to addresses the serious flaws in the immigration reform legislation. The bill offers false promises about border security and enforcement measures. How does the proposed border security plan make our nation safe when current law is not being enforced? Failing to secure the border and ignoring enforcement will not reduce illegal immigration. Click below to read my full statement on why I cannot support the immigration reform bill.
Later today, the Senate will be voting on final passage of the immigration reform bill. We all want our immigration system to be fixed, but I cannot support a bill that misses the mark on so many levels. I will be voting “NO.”
Instead of giving a speech in Washington, President Obama should visit Wyoming and talk with energy workers out in the field. He’ll leave with more insight into how his policies are affecting the country than he ever could back in D.C. The plan he announced today won’t lower energy prices, generate jobs, or get our economy back on track. It does, however, amount to a national energy tax that the country simply can’t afford. When the price of energy goes up, it’s the consumer that pays.
If you live in or near Sundance, Newcastle, Lusk, Torrington, Pine Bluffs, Laramie, or Rawlins, I will be in your area during the week of the 4th of July congressional work period holding listening sessions. Come share your ideas and solutions for America’s problems with me. This is your time to let me know what I should be working on back in Washington. I’ll be ready to listen and take notes. Click the link below for more information.
By requiring the blending of biofuels into the nations gasoline supply Congress is raising food and livestock feed prices along with contributing to higher transportation and fuel prices for Americans. I am pleased to co-sponsor Senators Barrasso, Pryor, and Toomey’s Renewable Fuel Standard Repeal Act, which would abolish these flawed standards. Congress should be making it easier, not harder, for Americans to afford food and fuel.
I have introduced a bill that would allow the National Park Service, at no additional cost to taxpayers, to raise private funds by selling a five dollar gold coin, a silver dollar, and a multi-layered half dollar, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the park service. The proceeds would go to park preservation and to provide programs and services to visitors. These coins will forever remind those who visit the parks that they helped preserve an integral part of this great country.
The Senate was designed so that each senator could represent the views of their constituents.  The Senate’s procedures prevent majorities from shutting out minorities. The filibuster is one of these procedures, an essential tool to ensure these checks and balances, but some in the majority want to dramatically change the rule. They want to essentially take away the Senate minority’s advice and consent role in the president’s ability to make powerful federal appointments. The majority leader has threatened to change the rules through the “nuclear” option, using procedural tactics so he only needs the approval of his own party. He’s making these threats after giving his word on the Senate floor that this is something he would not do. If the majority restricts the right of senators to filibuster, they will be silencing the voices of millions of Americans now and in the future. This majority won’t be the majority forever and that’s something to take into account.
On Tuesday, June 18th, I was honored to speak at the U.S. State Department in celebration of the 10th anniversary of the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief. I was joined by Secretary of State John Kerry, Ambassador Eric Goosby, U.S. Global Aids Coordinator, Senator Ben Cardin, D-Md., Dr. Richard Nehabi Kamwi, Namibian Minister of Health and Social Services, and Tatu Msangi, Nursing Officer in Charge at the Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Center. The U.S. continues to be leader in the global fight against HIV/AIDS and should remain committed to an AIDS-free generation.
Governor Mead announced today that Wyoming will lead further investigations of water quality for Pavillion. I thank him for his ability to work with both energy companies and the federal government to determine what steps are needed to ensure that the people of Pavillion have clean water. Decisions about water quality should be made at the local level by those directly impacted. I’m also pleased that the EPA finally recognizes Wyoming’s right to manage its water.
Yesterday I shot a video answering some of your questions about the NSA spying and students loans. Thanks Tracy, Clark, Jim, Brett, George, Joanne, and Jeannie for sharing your thoughts and concerns.
While Congress struggles to find common ground on our nation’s deficit, I am part of a bipartisan delegation of senators from five states working on one common-sense budget savings proposal. By eliminating the dollar bill in favor of the dollar coin, we could save taxpayers $4.5 billion without raising taxes or cutting a single program. Read my op-ed to find out more information about this common sense solution.
A family’s assets, sometimes built up over generations, should be left in the hands of the family and will be put to better use there in the local community than shipped off to a wasteful Washington.  I’m part of an effort to permanently repeal the death tax.
I’ve joined with Rep. Lummis and others to introduce a bipartisan bill that allows small businesses to pool resources in order to compete for larger government contracts typically out of their reach. This would save the federal government money through increased competition. It’s a small business bill that could mean big changes for those most in need. It makes perfect sense.
The FDA has enough to do approving and regulating life-saving drugs and ensuring the safety of our food supply.  Its personnel should not be taking the time or your money to promote the president’s health care law.
President Obama announced plans to further reduce America’s nuclear capabilities. Our ICBM force is on the frontlines of our national defense and helps ensure that we always have an effective deterrent to those who wish to do us harm. While President Obama may want to appease Russia we can’t forget about other countries, including China. China is increasing its capabilities while the president seeks weaken ours. We live in a dangerous world and how we approach national security has to reflect that. I support the men and women at F.E. Warren who give us their best every day. The delegation will stand against efforts to cede the upper hand in areas of national security.
The federal government should not capture and store your phone and Internet records without a legitimate warrant. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and Patriot Acts were designed to authorize specific information on suspected terrorists and not to cast a wide net on American citizens. We all should be asking tough questions about federal agencies’ sweeping seizures of Americans’ personal information. This includes a branch of government most people don’t even know about- the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It’s collecting data on you too. Knowledge is power. How much power do you want the federal government to have over you?
Senator Barrasso and I have concerns about President Obama possibly abusing his authority to unilaterally designate new federal monuments to repay political debts. We joined some of our colleagues this week in warning the president against using his discretionary powers to limit energy production on federal lands by designating energy rich lands as sites for monuments. Click the link to read the letter.
Yesterday I had the opportunity to meet with 8th graders from Cody Middle School who were in D.C. on an American heritage trip.
Today on Flag Day we remember the adoption of the American flag as a symbol of this nation. Our flag is not just a piece of fabric, decorated with stars and stripes. Our flag is a constant reminder of all those who have sacrificed everything for their country. It is a symbol of freedom, justice, liberty, and what it means to be an American. That is why I am cosponsoring an amendment to the Constitution to prevent the desecration of the United States flag. Changing the law may not change people, but most Americans want this symbol of our nation and history protected.
NA
The majority in the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee passed an education bill revamping No Child Left Behind this week.  We very much need to reform the federal role in education, but not by adding more paperwork and Washington requirements, which is what the majority prefers.  For instance, my well-intentioned colleagues proposed adding another federal program specifically designed to help rural schools.  That sounds good, but when we hire more people to administer another Washington program, some of the money that could actually be used out in the field for kids is diluted.  I think we have enough administration in the department of education.
Washington needs to get out of the business of deciding whether local schools are succeeding or failing. States should have more control over their education performance standards. That is why I have introduced an amendment to an early and secondary education reform bill that would provide for more state and local control by eliminating federal mandates on how educational agencies identify and improve low-performing schools. We need to remember the pressure that the states are put under by parents and legislatures, and let them have a little bit of flexibility.
NA
Today, I voted against the 1,000 page Senate immigration reform bill. It’s easy for people to find something they don’t like or, similar to the health care bill, miss details that turn out to be important. Sometimes when you try to do it all, you get nothing. We need to hammer out the details in a bipartisan way and leave out the most controversial parts. I would like to see smaller, specific bills, that include an emphasis on E-Verify, border security, and improving how we keep track of those who come into the country legally but don’t leave.
The Senate farm bill is a step backward for agriculture policy and doesn’t goes as far as the farm bill from last year. It doesn’t eliminate target prices for certain agriculture products, nor does it do enough to eliminate the waste in the food stamp program. The legislation also contains burdensome conditions on federal crop insurance which will negatively impact Wyoming farmers. While there were provisions in the farm bill that I supported, the good did not outweigh the bad and I voted against it.
Today the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed to remove the gray wolf from the list of threatened and endangered species. Wolves have been an issue Wyoming has had to contend with ever since the federal government decided to reintroduce them in our state. The problem is that for much of the time the states’ hands have been tied. We’ve been back and forth on this issue for decades with the federal government and I’m sure the environmental groups will want the conflict to continue, but I am pleased the momentum is with the states.
I recently signed a letter calling on the Environmental Protection Agency to answer for releasing the personal information of about 80,000 farmers and ranchers to national environmental groups, including the names, phone numbers, and email addresses of spouses and other family members. We need to be more vigilant than ever in scrutinizing what information these federal agencies collect and what they do with the information.  I’m pleased that this is a bi-partisan concern.
I co-sponsored legislation that promotes the dollar coin as a way to save taxpayer dollars and reduce the federal deficit.  Nothing should be off the table when looking for ways to reduce the deficit and that includes changes to our currency. Changing to dollar coins has the potential to save millions and is one of many steps we need to take on the road back to fiscal responsibility.
Protecting states’ rights and ensuring that they determine what is best for their children is the utmost priority to me.  Our state officials, educators, faculty and parents are in the best position to determine what is best for our schools.  I thank Ranking Member Alexander and the other committee members who have joined together on this bill which would remove Washington mandates designed to create a national school board.  We need to start giving local communities their schools back.
Today the Senate had the opportunity to address student loan interests permanently before rates double on July 1. The plan I support would simplify the confusing and arbitrary way interest rates are determined on federal student loans, by tying student loans to market-based rates. This would allow students borrowers to be able to take advantage of lower interest rates. Our plan is similar to that of President Obama’s and does not kick the can down the road for another year. The Senate majority bill is a one-year fix that would cost taxpayers more than $8 billion and only helps 40 percent of students. Under that plan students would only save $6 per month.  Both bills failed to get the 60 votes they needed in the Senate today.
The Obama Administration plans to sign a controversial United Nations arms treaty despite bipartisan opposition. The Administration signaled that President Obama will wait until August when members of Congress are back in their states during a home work period to sign the treaty. By delaying, the Administration is attempting to lessen the public backlash to the treaty. I believe it threatens the Constitutional right of U.S. citizens to keep and bear arms and endangers the nation’s sovereignty. Let the Administration know that you are against the treaty. Get involved, reach out to your family and friends. Our right to keep and bear arms should not be put up for negotiation.
Many of you have contacted me about Eric Holder secretly seizing press records and concerns over a possible backroom deal to raise the debt ceiling. I discussed these issues in my latest “Collecting Common Sense from Wyoming for Washington” constituent video. Click below to see if your comment was mentioned and to find out more about these topics.
The Department of Justice struck a major blow against the First Amendment by spying on journalists.  It has withheld information on a scheme to track illegal gun purchases.  It’s done everything it can to protect the Administration’s abilities to use drone strikes on Americans.  Eric Holder is in charge of Justice, but what we are seeing from him and others in the Administration is a lot of legal doublespeak and denial.  It’s a full-on sprint away from accountability.  Eric Holder should resign.  Holder’s department  has become a department of injustice, but he’s only the symptom of a greater problem. The larger the federal government becomes, the more power begins to pool in bureaucratic shadows away from voter accountability.  We’re seeing a government that is routinely 'rogue', with the big-time bureaucrats like Mr. Holder and the IRS’ Lois Lerner denying wrongdoing.  I will continue to press for answers.  We are making some progress, but the more people demand an open and accountable Administration, especially those who chose this Administration, the more it will help bring about change.
There’s no such thing as a free lunch and there’s certainly no such thing as free federal funds. If states want to expand their Medicaid program, they should be allowed to. But they should not expect the federal government to pick up the whole tab when it can’t even pay all the bills it has now. What’s free today doesn’t mean it’s free tomorrow. I cosponsored a bill to prevent the federal government from unfairly committing taxpayer money to incentivize the expansion of state Medicaid programs. Medicaid spending currently consumes nearly a quarter of every state dollar, passing education as the largest state budgetary commitment. We cannot afford the Medicaid program we have, much less an expansion.
We want to award the Congressional Gold Medal to America’s first Special Operations unit in World War II.  The First Special Service Force in World War II was comprised of 1,800 volunteers including Wyoming residents from Cheyenne, Worland, Buffalo, Cody, Saratoga, Green River, and Grover.
A new website went live recently that will help shine light into every agency and every program within the federal government. With a national debt exceeding $17 trillion, we need more oversight and more transparency. This site is another tool that will help taxpayers see where their money goes.
I joined with 44 of my Senate colleagues in asking the Supreme Court to consider the legality of President Obama’s unconstitutional “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board last year. We filed an amicus brief requesting that the Court review the case in its entirety, including whether the president can unilaterally declare the Senate “unavailable” and thus in “recess”, even though it is holding regular meetings. Two court cases have already ruled that the president’s claims would demolish the checks and balances inherent in our constitution. The president’s decision to sidestep the Senate’s Constitutional powers deserves the full attention of the Court.
Advice to my grandkids tip #4: It doesn't matter if you are a doctor or a lawyer or a ditch-digger – whatever you choose to do, do it so well people associate the good work with your name.  That’s a Mike Enzi ditch.
Diana and I join with all our friends, family and the people of Wyoming in expressing our heartfelt appreciation to all those who have served or are serving in our nation’s Armed Forces. Thanks to them, their families and all those with whom they served, we have received the blessings that come from our citizenship and our American way of life
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is June 28th. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
The National Taxpayers Union recently rated legislation in Congress as spending or saving the most when it comes to federal spending.  They rated my Penny Plan/1 percent solution bill the #1 bill as far as saving taxpayers money.  Click below to see the “Taxpayer Tab, BillTally Update: The Biggest Spending and Cut Proposals So Far” ratings.
In my latest constituent common sense video I discuss concerns you had about the IRS and the health secretary asking private companies to promote the president’s health care law.  Click below to see if your comment is featured and get more information on these issues.
When sequestration was only one month away, the FAA’s leadership ignored specific guidance from the transportation secretary and awarded salary bonuses. I joined Senator Barrasso and fellow Republican senators in writing a letter to the FAA administrator expressing our concern that these reports once again indicate both a lack of sound business management and a failure by the FAA to adequately plan for implementation of sequestration. Click the link below to read the letter.
Today I questioned the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration during a Senate Finance Committee hearing on possible criminal penalties for the IRS’ actions and accusations that the agency leaked taxpayer info. Click the link below to see video from the hearing.
The federal government gives billions of dollars to the United Nations every year without anyone knowing exactly how much money is sent in total. With a national debt exceeding $17 trillion, we need to be able to account for every dime we spend. I have cosponsored a bill with United States Senator Mike Lee that requires the Office of Management and Budget to annually report contributions to the UN from every federal agency, including all non-monetary gifts.
Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius recently asked health insurance companies to chip in funding for outreach, enrollment, and implementation of the President’s health care law. Federal law prevents government employees from raising money from entities they regulate. Many have concerns with these actions, as they give the appearance of a conflict of interest. My colleagues and I on the Senate Finance Committee have already requested more information from the Administration.
Senator Cardin and I introduced legislation this week that would prevent people from losing money they set aside for out of pocket health care costs. Families shouldn't have to worry about losing money at the end of year because their healthcare costs are less than they expected. This bill will end “use-it-or-lose-it” practices for medical flexible spending accounts and help to put families and consumers in control of their medical decisions, not penalize them.
Along with Senate Finance Committee Ranking Member Hatch and others on the committee, I’ve asked Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, Russell George, to conduct a full investigation into IRS’ possible role in the disclosure of nine conservative groups’ confidential applications for tax-exempt status.  This follows multiple letters we sent last summer about concerns we had with the politicization of the IRS.
The Bureau of Land Management proposed a rule on hydraulic fracturing today. While I am still reviewing it, I generally favor regulating fracking through state governments, which is how it has been done for more than 40 years. The people in state government are the same people who live and work in the areas being regulated. They take all the interests of the affected areas to heart because they have the same interests. Wyoming is a model for how states can oversee energy production without burdening businesses with excessive red tape or publicizing industry trade secrets. A federal, one-size-fits-all approach isn’t necessary. Clean water and energy are both essential, but they don’t have to be mutually exclusive.
I’m sure some of you have heard that the IRS has acknowledged targeting conservative organizations, subjecting them to intense scrutiny simply because of their political affiliation. Government agencies should be blind to ideology and not used as political weapons.  My colleagues and I on the Senate Finance Committee are looking into what steps to take to ensure this does not happen in the future.
Some of the issues I’ve worked on over the past few weeks include coal jobs, EPA water regulations, and introducing legislation to let Wyoming and other states collect their own mineral revenue payments. All of this and more can be seen in this month’s newsletter. Click the link below to read it and to sign up.
Every now and then I see a news story, usually in a publication like the New York Times, complaining that small population state residents have “more voting power” in the Senate per resident than do the larger population states.  When I see such stories it makes me thankful that our country’s founders realized that majorities are always going to want more power and without specific protections, they would be in a position to take that power.  The Senate is that protection.  The House is based on majority rule, but the Senate is based on equal representation of the states, not population.  It’s meant to protect the minority.  Most people in Wyoming don’t want laws that prohibit big soft drinks or infringe on our Constitutional rights, but if some of the higher population areas of this country had their way, these laws would become federal and be forced on our state.  Thanks to the founders for the Senate to protect the minority.  Wyoming residents like to make their own decisions.
Senator Barrasso and I joined colleagues this week in sending a letter to President Obama asking that he help us get to the bottom of the recent IRS scandal. According to a Treasury Inspector General report, the IRS began targeting Tea Party and other similar conservative organizations with increased scrutiny as early as 2010. Click the link below to read the letter.
The mineral revenue owed to Wyoming is written into federal law and is not negotiable. Senator Barrasso, Rep. Lummis, and I introduced bipartisan legislation today that will keep the federal government’s hands off of state money. Our bill would allow states the option to collect their own share of federal mineral revenue and protect money that is rightfully owed under the Mineral Leasing Act. It would also eliminate the 2 percent fee the federal government charges for collecting the revenue. As an accountant, I can tell you that dividing by two and writing a check does not cost the federal government $40 million a year. Click the link below to find out more.
I recorded this video yesterday responding to Wyoming constituents' questions and comments, first about immigration reform legislation and then about representing people with opposing views. The video is about 6.5 minutes long. For individual responses email me through my web page at enzi.senate.gov.
Calling all Wyoming high school students who are 16 or 17 years old with at least a 3.0 grade point average: Interested in learning firsthand how the U.S. Senate works? Then apply for the fall session of the U.S. Senate Page program. You’ll live in Washington, D.C. and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply.
Niobrara County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Thursday, May 9th. She will be at the Lusk Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a fall internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. Please share this great opportunity with family and friends. The deadline to apply is June 28th. Find out more and how to apply by clicking the link below.
Whether it be cutting spending, reforming Social Security, Medicare or immigration, Congress can make improvements.  The key isn’t compromise.  The key is to use my 80 percent rule to find common ground and do the parts that everybody wants, individual proposals where there is wide agreement.  The holdup is that people get together in “gangs” and groups and backrooms to come up with grand bargains.  There’s always something not to like in those deals.  Let’s pass the proposals we can agree on, even if they are smaller.  The 80 percent improvements will add up.  At the end of the day what we can do is more important than what we cannot do.
We need to do whatever is necessary to make sure those who served their country get the care they need when they come home. Currently, Wyoming has 1,183 backlogged claims with veterans filing their first claim waiting 269 days on average. I joined more than 60 other senators today in sending a letter to President Obama urging him to take direct action to reduce the current backlog of veterans’ disability claims. Click the link below to find out more.
After I spoke at an event in Wyoming recently a constituent came up to me and told me that she liked me, but she didn’t agree with every vote I made or every proposal I support.  Then she thought about it a little and said that the only person she would agree with 100 percent was herself.  I really appreciate that awareness. There is only one person who agrees with every vote or action I’ve taken as a senator and it’s not even Mrs. Enzi.  I hope people consider my record as a whole and then make their judgments.
Senator Barrasso and I joined other energy state senators in introducing legislation to stop abusive and unnecessary regulations on our coal and energy sectors. We’re standing up for coal and energy workers across Wyoming and the country. Click the link below to find out more.
Wyoming shouldn’t subsidize out-of-state and online retailers that operate and sell to people in our state. Right now, these retailers can offer lower prices than our local businesses simply because they do not have to charge the same sales tax that all of our local merchants do. Sales tax pays for the roads we drive on, the schools our kids go to, and the fire and policeman we depend on. And I don’t want to see a situation where other taxes will have to be raised to cover basic local services because these out-of-state and online retailers are not collecting the sales tax that is owed on their products. My Marketplace Fairness bill doesn’t create a new tax or raise any tax. It’s about states’ rights. It allows a state to enforce its own laws without having to ask Washington for permission. The federal government should not have a role or authority in telling a state how to manage its finances. This bill specifically says that it’s up to the states to enforce this law and it is 100% optional. Not a single dime would go to Washington. The bill would also protect small businesses until they have $1 million in online sales. It’s not complex or costly for businesses.  Free software and services to collect and send the tax to the state are provided to businesses by the states.  Take the time to research and read the bill yourself, it’s 11 pages and included below. Don’t take all the negative hype for granted. I don’t support policies that favor one taxpayer over another or one business over another. All businesses should play by the same set of rules and compete on a level playing field.
We have a greater need than ever for financial literacy across the country.  It was nice to have Curtis Biggs of Sheridan with us in Washington this week.  Curtis is the vice president of the Wyoming chapter of the Jump$tart Coalition.
Senator Barrasso and I and other senators are asking the EPA to stop its attempt to regulate water beyond what Congress intended.
Sublette and Teton County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Tuesday, April 23, and Thursday, April 25. She will be at the Marbleton Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m., and at the Pinedale Town Hall from 2:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. on Tuesday, April 23. She will be at the Jackson Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. on Thursday, April 25. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Congressional leaders honored Dr. Muhammad Yunus with a Congressional Gold Medal in the U.S. Capitol yesterday. Dr. Yunus is well-known for his innovative and successful methods in combating global poverty, particularly microfinancing. I am truly inspired by Dr. Yunus’ work, and I had the honor of speaking his praise at the Ceremony. Find out more about what Dr. Yunus does: http://www.muhammadyunus.org/
Here are some details on gun votes that the Senate took yesterday.  Gun control advocates will continue seeking to chip away at the Second Amendment.  If you don’t want to be required to get the federal government’s approval to have a gun, then pay attention and stand up for your rights.
Many of my colleagues in other states may not realize or care what Second Amendment freedoms mean to Wyoming, but they are part of our way of life.  The Senate is set to vote on proposals today that would restrict that right in many areas and would make gun ownership more burdensome on lawful citizens.
Constituent service is a priority for Senate & House members and I salute the staff who works so hard to help others.
I believe this Administration’s assessment of its budget is unrealistically rosy.  I find it hard to understand how the president’s top advisers can say his budget balances when it actually increases the debt. You can see more from today’s Senate Budget Committee hearing today by clicking the link below.
Diana and I were heartbroken to learn of the bombings in Boston yesterday. Our prayers are with the victims and the families of those whose lives will never be the same. This is a sad reminder that we live in a dangerous world. We must remain vigilant against those who wish to do us harm. We hope to learn more about those who carried out this cowardly attack in the days to come. Through it all we must never forget that we are all Americans and we are in this together.
Today is tax day, when most people’s federal tax returns are due.  The federal government has a gluttonous appetite for your money.  It also has voracious appetite for borrowing and creating new programs.  Congress can’t deliver what it promises now, but it continues to promise more.  If there were actually money to spend, members of Congress should look at what works and adequately fund that rather than always looking for new ways to spend so they can get personal credit.  We have a massive debt in this country and many argue for making the other guy, the rich guy, pay more taxes.  I think today is a good day to instead consider better spending.  If more people got on board and demanded better spending instead of higher taxes many of the problems already identified by the Government Accountability Office would be a thing of the past.  Click on the link below.  I’m eager to work with Senator Tom Coburn and the other members of the Government Affairs Committee to  identify and eliminate duplicative and wasteful spending.  After all even if the money is borrowed from China or taken from the “rich”, we shouldn’t waste it.
Advice to my grandkids tip #3: Don’t do anything you wouldn’t want to read about on the front page of the paper.
Johnson County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Tuesday, April 16. She will be at the Buffalo Town Hall from 10:45 a.m. to 11:45 a.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Yesterday I opposed the effort to move forward on gun control legislation due to concerns that it infringes on the Second Amendment and seeks to expand regulations on gun owners when current laws are not being enforced. The Senate voted 68-31 to proceed to the bill, which is set to be debated on the Senate floor next week.
I recorded this video yesterday responding to Wyoming constituent questions and comments, first about gun control and then the Marketplace Fairness Act. The video is about five minutes. For individual responses email me through my web page at enzi.senate.gov.
I recently cosponsored the Mental Health Awareness and Improvement Act of 2013, which would improve access to and awareness of mental health and substance use disorder services without any cost to the taxpayers. Click the link below to learn more and read a copy of the bill.
President Obama released his 2014 budget plan today. He is asking for another $1 trillion in new taxes on top of the more than $1.7 trillion in tax increases he has already signed into law. Being in charge requires making the tough decisions, especially when they aren’t popular. I had hoped he would embrace the Simpson-Bowles plan which actually includes serious spending cuts and reforms.
Department of Interior Secretary Ken Salazar recently committed to letting Wyoming manage its own water, in response to a letter Senator Barrasso, Rep. Lummis, and I sent him expressing our concern over the potential designation of entire Wyoming watersheds as federal “Blueways.” We received a letter back that said watersheds would not be designated as Blueways without first receiving a letter of support from the state. If the Secretary’s commitment is honored by his successors, it will ensure Wyoming has final say over Wyoming water. Click the link below to read more.
Today I joined Sens. Rand Paul, R-Ky., Mike Lee, R-Utah, Ted Cruz, R-Texas and others in signing a letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., expressing our intention to oppose the motion to proceed to any legislation that will impose additional gun restrictions.
Niobrara County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Tuesday, April 9. She will be at the Lusk City Hall from 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m., and the will also stop by the Lusk Senior Center for a visit from 11:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
I look forward to working alongside Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) to help address the needs and concerns of our nation’s Air Force, and to keep our colleagues informed on Air Force matters.
I hope you’ll join me for my annual Inventors Conference, “From Your Garage to the Assembly Line,” that will be held in Sheridan on April 20. The conference is an opportunity to learn how to turn your invention dreams into a reality. Wyoming inventors and other speakers will be there to discuss securing patents, developing business plans and marketing products. The conference is free and I highly encourage any one of any age to register. I hope to see you there! Click the link below to learn how to register.
Advice to my grandkids tip #2: Do what is right. Do your best. Treat others as THEY wish to be treated. These three principles guide me and my staff daily as we work for the people of Wyoming.
Congratulations to the Jackson Hole High School RoboBroncs, who placed in FIRST’s (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) regional robotics building competition in Utah and will now be heading to St. Louis, MO for the international competition at the end of April. The competition was to build a robot to shoot Frisbees through goals and climb a pyramid. Their robot, ‘Cowboy Joe,’ won the team 13th place of 44 teams. Of 20,000 students who will be attending the international competition, the RoboBroncs will be the sole representatives of Wyoming. I am looking forward to hearing of your success in Missouri!
A study by the Society of Actuaries estimates the new federal health care law will raise claims costs nationally by an average of 32 percent per person in the individual health insurance market by 2017.  Wyoming is slightly below that at 31.5 percent.
Senator McConnell had an interesting take on the third birthday of President Obama’s health care law.
The budget resolution is supposed to outline clear funding objectives and set the framework for the authorization and appropriations steps in the annual budget process. In this case, the majority’s resolution calls for additional spending and taxes.  While no amendments successfully added to the budget resolution carry the force of law, they express the support for specific legislative initiatives or principles.  I authored amendments to improve the tax system, protect trust funds and help agencies prioritize spending.  I supported amendments designed to require the budget to balance within 10 years, require 67 votes in the Senate to pass gun control legislation, allow the full repeal of the Affordable Health Care Act, restrict EPA rule-making and many others.  The Senate passed the majority’s budget 50-49 this morning. I voted against it.
Congress is one step closer to opening avenues for research to determine the safety of transplanting HIV-positive organs into people with HIV/AIDS. This week the Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee passed the HIV Organ Policy Equity (HOPE) Act.
Something unusual could start at about 12:35 p.m. (Wyoming time) today in the Senate.  The Capitol Hill crowd call it a “vote-a-rama”.  It’s a series of votes taken in succession and none of us know when we’ll stop.  We may go into the wee hours of Saturday morning.  It’s happening because for the first time in four years the majority actually produced a budget.  Because of the Senate rules for considering a budget, the majority leader can’t block amendments from being considered like he usually does.  Also, instead of needing 60 votes to pass, amendments offered to the budget resolution only require a majority.  It would be better to spread the votes over more time and debate them, but at least we are having them. It may be hard to follow, but you can watch live at senate.gov , click on “web floorcast”.
The majority has offered us a Charlie Brown deal when it comes to tax increases and spending cuts.
Declaring a “balanced” approach does not mean that it is and it for sure doesn’t mean a balanced budget. I spoke about this and more on the Senate floor Wednesday evening.
I gave my first critique of the majority’s budget plan Wednesday night. The news isn’t good. (Video is 35 seconds)
We started the budget debate on the Senate floor last night.  The majority’s budget is like the restaurant that promises free drinks tomorrow.
Today the Senate passed its version of a “continuing resolution”- legislation that will fund the federal government through September. I thought we could have done better and voted against it.
I introduced a bill yesterday with Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., that would give workers who leave their jobs up until they file their federal taxes to repay money they’ve taken out of their company’s retirement plan. A secure retirement is a secure future.
Those who served our nation so selflessly should not have their Second Amendment rights taken away based on a technicality. I cosponsored legislation introduced last week that clarifies a veteran cannot be arbitrarily stripped of their Second Amendment rights without a finding from a judge.
I spoke before the Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday in favor of the nomination of Greg Phillips for the U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. Phillips is currently Wyoming’s attorney general and a graduate from the University of Wyoming College of Law.  I served with Mr. Phillips in the Wyoming Legislature and can say with confidence that he is recognized throughout the Wyoming legal community as a talented, respected and thoughtful attorney. Click below to watch the video of my testimony.
This summer, Colton Kelley of Cheyenne will be traveling with the first-ever National Youth Orchestra of the United States, as a bassist. The 19 year old graduate of Central High School was selected along with 119 other talented youths out of more than 2,500 applicants from all 50 states for this honor. He will be traveling to New York, Moscow, London and more. What a great achievement, Colton!  You can find out more about the program and what Colton will be doing here:
Weston County residents will have the opportunity to meet with DeAnna Kay from my Gillette office Wednesday, March 20. She will be at the Newcastle Library Conference Room from 1:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m., and the Upton Library Conference Room from 2:30 pm. to 3:00 p.m. For more information, call 307-682-6268.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Whether you agree or disagree with a certain position of mine or comment I make, I do appreciate you “liking” my page and following my efforts to serve the people of Wyoming.  Certainly not everything is about politics though.  A while back I took time to write down some advice that I want to give my grandchildren when they are old enough to understand. I thought it might be nice to share bits and pieces of it with you every once in a while.  Grandfatherly tip #1- Be proud of your reputation.  That’s really all you have that is truly yours.
For a well-developed and coordinated response to any public health emergency, President Obama signed the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2013 into law this week. If you haven’t heard of it, that’s because it isn’t controversial or part of a partisan fight. Senator Burr of North Carolina has been the leader on this for years and his efforts will help make sure our federal, state, and local entities are all working together on our preparedness efforts.
I recently finished a book that I recommend to people who want to learn more about what makes our country great. It’s Hidden America: From Coal Miners to Cowboys, an Extraordinary Exploration of the Unseen People Who Make This Country Work by Jeanne Marie Laskas.  Even though she is from the east, she does a good job of explaining some things about western culture that people from the urban east may not understand.
The Senate Budget Committee passed a budget for the first time in years.  Unfortunately, it’s not balanced and increases taxes.  I voted against it.  Earlier today I spoke about an amendment that would at least lower the amount of the spending increase, but the majority voted against that proposal.
Here's my opening statement from today's Senate Budget Committee meeting. This is the first time we're considering a budget resolution in more than 1,400 days.
With a UN arms treaty we see an attempt by those from outside our country to undermine Second Amendment rights. In Wyoming we understand just how important it is to be able to keep and bear arms and I will continue to stand up for those rights on both foreign and domestic fronts. I cosponsored a resolution today expressing these views.
I introduced my Penny Plan today that will balance the budget in three years.  It’s the injection of fiscal sanity that I hope all my colleagues and the American people can get behind. It makes sure everyone has some skin in the game. If we cut a single penny from every dollar the federal government spends for each of three years, we’ll have a balanced budget. Let’s take away the federal government’s credit cards. Let’s take a stand not just for the taxpayers, but for future generations that will have to pay for our inaction on our debts. There’s light at the end of the tunnel if we are willing to act. Click the link below to read about my bill.
After four years, we’re finally being allowed to work on a budget in the Senate Budget Committee. Opening statements are scheduled to begin at noon Wyoming time and you should be able to watch them live at the link below.
We’re getting ready to consider a continuing resolution that will keep the government funded through September.  The majority continues to skip the appropriations process and lump spending together, but I hope we will at least be able to offer amendments to this resolution.  One improvement I would like to make is to encourage the Administration to cut the worst first when it comes to the sequester.  I’m cosponsoring a flexibility amendment with Senator Roy Blunt and others.
As part of my “collecting common sense for Washington from Wyoming” videos, I sat down earlier today and recorded a response to some questions and comments. Click the link below to see if I addressed your concerns about the sequester (spending cuts) that took effect March 1 and my support for Senator Rand Paul’s filibuster.
I’m disappointed the sequester spending cuts are being applied in a carnival-like atmosphere.  We’ve got shell games and sideshows designed to distract people from the fact that in 2008 we were spending less on most of these programs than the level the sequester would put them.  It’s true the sequester is a poor way to make cuts, but it’s been made poorer by what the Administration has chosen to cut.  They could do a little more “worst first” cuts and fewer “contrived crisis” cuts.
It’s unfortunate how often I see the words “common sense” and “reasonable” purposely tied to proposals that would seriously restrict Constitutional freedoms or do our country further economic harm.
Converse County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Sandy Tinsley from my Casper office Monday, March 11. She will be at the Glenrock Town Hall from 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m., and the Douglas City Hall from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. For more information, call 307-261-6572.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
I voted against the nomination of John Brennan to be the director of the CIA today.  Before the vote I discussed the Administration’s refusal to answer questions about drone strikes against American citizens on American soil.  Senator Rand Paul stood on the Senate floor for nearly 13 hours asking for these answers.  For my full statement and link to video of my speech click the link below.
All Senate offices and committees are required by the sequester to cut their budgets. Exempting a Senate working group’s slush fund from cuts doesn’t make sense and sends the wrong message to taxpayers.
I called Yellowstone National Park Superintendent Dan Wenk last week about how the sequester (budget cuts) would affect the park. He is one of the most knowledgeable superintendents I’ve talked to in my 16 years in the Senate. I was pleased that he was prepared with budget numbers and seemed to be looking to minimize the impact on tourism as much as possible instead of looking to close campgrounds, (which generate revenue), visitor centers, and other high profile items.  I hope he follows through and I was pleased to hear he was also talking with gateway community mayors and Governor Mead.  I'm sure they all have some good ideas on how Yellowstone can tighten its budget with the least impact.  The budget for Yellowstone in 2010 was about $37 million. Now it's about $35 million per year and they are being asked to cut $1.75 million. Cuts from the sequester to the overall federal budget are only 2-5 percent for most areas of the federal budget and are more for the military.  Any cut is painful, but we cannot continue business as usual spending increases and debt.  That will wreak havoc on our country.
There are currently thousands of pages of federal regulations, many burdensome to America’s job creators, towns and cities, and families. We can better help Americans and businesses by stopping bad rules and regulations before they start.
This week I joined some of my colleagues in introducing a bipartisan Senate resolution to proclaim March 2013 as “Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month.” Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States. More than 135,000 Americans are diagnosed with it each year, and approximately 50,000 people die from it each year. This month serves as an opportunity for provide information about screening for and prevention of this disease.
We have to cut the worst first. President Obama should take a page from Wyoming Governor Matt Mead’s playbook and prioritize what the federal government does. I voted for a plan that would allow him to do that, but the majority in the Senate rejected it.
After traveling more than 2,000 miles across Wyoming last week and holding listening sessions in 11 communities, I heard quite a few comments and concerns.  I continue to hear them through other means too. I wanted to sit down to address a couple of these topics: sequestration and the Violence Against Women Act. I received comments on these topics from Facebook and Twitter, through phone calls to my D.C. and Wyoming offices, and through email and written letters. Thank you for your thoughts, ideas, and suggestions. And please, keep them coming. I plan to do these videos every other week when the Senate is in session.
I was pleased to have the opportunity to co-host the Capitol Hill Eagle Scout Reception last night with Rep. Pete Sessions (R-Texas) of the 1970 Eagle class. Boy Scouts of America prepares youth for adventure, for service, and for leadership. I’m proud of my Eagle Scout award, and I am proud of all the young people who excel and have excelled thanks to the Scouts.
I’m pleased to have the opportunity to work directly with legislation to reform and modernize our complex tax system as the Republican Leader of the Senate Finance Subcommittee on Taxation and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Oversight.
One symptom of deal making instead of legislating is the “contrived crisis”.  An end-of-the-world date is set in order to create urgency and generate publicity.  Legislating is a better way.  Budgets and problems are considered by relevant committees. Amendments and changes are made then the same is done on the floor.  It doesn’t make as much news, but it allows solutions to be done on time and avoid a “crisis”.
Today the Senate voted 71-27 to move forward with the nomination of Chuck Hagel to be Secretary of Defense. I had to vote against it. President Obama has the right to nominate whoever he pleases, but I can’t in good conscience vote for anyone I’m not sure is qualified and who can’t or won’t answer important questions.
Worst First!  The president is dramatizing and overplaying the effects of sequestration in order to create as much public outcry as possible.  This makes it harder for Congress to leave cuts in place.  The sequester was proposed by the Administration.  We absolutely need to make cuts in spending, but there is a better way than sequestration.  It would be more productive if, like Wyoming Governor Mead did with his departments, the president asked the heads of his agencies to list what they do well and what they don’t.  Then they should start at the bottom rather than at the top.  We need to get rid of the worst first.  That is what I will be working on in the Senate.  Real cuts must be made in order to save essential programs.
Here’s an interesting perspective on the sequester (federal spending cuts).
In some of my listening sessions I held in Wyoming recently, some people commented that I wasn’t forceful enough in conveying conservative views.  Forcefulness shouldn’t be mistaken for persuasion.
If you’re a college student or graduate, have you considered applying for a summer internship in my Washington, D.C. office? As an intern, you’ll experience our nation’s capital, network, and develop skills that will help you further your education and career goals. The term will run from May 29 – August 16 and the deadline to apply is March 15. Tomorrow, February 26, my intern coordinator Sarah Meier will be at the University of Wyoming’s job fair in Laramie. She will be there to answer any questions and to provide necessary materials for the internship application process. Click the link below to learn more.
Tomorrow I will be holding two more public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. I plan to be in Pinedale at the Pinedale Library, 115 S Tyler Ave., from 9:00am – 10:00am.  I then plan to be in Jackson at the Senior Center, 830 E. Hansen Ave., from 2:00pm – 3:00pm. If you live in the area, I look forward to seeing you. Thank you to everyone in Riverton and Rock Springs for sharing your ideas and solutions with me today.
Thank you to everyone who shared their ideas with me yesterday in Powell and Thermopolis. Today I plan to be in Riverton at the Fremont County Library Community Room, 1330 W. Park Ave., from 10:00am- 11:00am. I then plan to be in Rock Springs at the White Mountain Library, 2935 Sweetwater Drive, from 4:00pm-5:00pm. If you live in the area, I look forward to seeing you at my next public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions.
I heard some great ideas yesterday in Cheyenne. Today I plan to be in Powell at the Commons, 135 North Bent Street from 1:30pm-2:30pm. I then plan to be in Thermopolis at the Days Inn, 115 East Park Street from 5:30pm-6:30pm. If you live in the area, I look forward to seeing you at my next public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions.
I plan to be in Cheyenne tomorrow afternoon for the next public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening session. Click below for more details.
I plan to be in Casper tomorrow morning and Wheatland tomorrow afternoon to continue the public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions. Click below for more details.
I want to thank all of you who have “liked” my Facebook page and who follow me on Twitter, as well as those who have written in or called my office.  I do monitor your comments on social media as best I can.  For now if you have questions, it’s easier for me to answer them individually if you email me through my web page, but I want to do a better job of listening to what you are saying.  I’ve taken a few of your questions and comments and recorded some answers.  The video is below.  I hope to be able to do this on a regular basis. Thanks for your Wyoming to Washington common sense.
I plan to be in Gillette tomorrow morning and Sheridan tomorrow afternoon to begin public “collecting common sense from Wyoming for Washington” listening sessions.  Click below for more details.
Even in politics, a victimless victory is possible. We can win on a policy issue without totally destroying those who oppose that policy.  It’s possible to get a significant amount of what we want done without compromising principles, sometimes by delaying the fight on parts of it.
The Department of Health and Human Services’ delayed answers and non-answers about a health exchange under the new federal health care law made making an informed decision difficult for Wyoming.  I spoke with a Medicare and Medicaid Services official today at a Senate Finance Committee hearing.  Click below for more.
Direct or indirect attempts to manage the headwaters of our nation’s streams and rivers, is a usurpation of state authority.  I joined with Senator Barrasso and Representative Lummis today in opposing the secretary of the interior’s unilateral attempt to impose a National Blueways System.  Click below for more details.
Debates over $1 trillion deficits, the fiscal cliff, and the debt ceiling leave many outside of Washington convinced that the only way America will right its fiscal ship is to amend the Constitution. I agree, which is why I’m cosponsoring a bill that would make a balanced budget a constitutional amendment. The Balanced Budget Amendment would restrict Congress to spend no more than it earns in any fiscal year. Click on the link below to learn more.
I am leading a subcommittee of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions panel.  The Subcommittee on Children and Families has jurisdiction over issues including Head Start; child care and child support, such as programs that fall under the Child Care & Development Block Grant; the Family Medical Leave Act; National Service; women and children’s healthcare; and other issues involving children, youth, and families.  I’m looking forward to doing the work this committee is capable of producing.
I spoke with Postmaster General Donahoe today at a committee hearing.  I suggested rural customers and Postal Service employees have ideas the Postal Service needs to help cut costs.
Hearing President Obama’s State of the Union speech Tuesday made me wonder if he thinks he leads a country that has a lot of money.  For more of my thoughts click the link below.
Today I joined some of my colleagues to introduce legislation that would place a hard cap on the farm payments an individual farmer can receive in a year and close long-abused and well-documented loopholes in the farm payment program. Click on the link to read more.
I am concerned that our nation is on an unsustainable fiscal path. A recent Congressional Budget Office report makes it clear that while we might see a short-term reduction in deficits, the long-term outlook is far from positive. We need to take steps now – reforming our entitlement programs and our broken tax code. I spoke with Dr. Elmendorf, Director of the Congressional Budget Office at a Budget Committee Hearing today. Click the link below to see part of the exchange.
I will use next week's congressional state work period to hold "listening sessions" across the state.
When the federal government pays one group of Americans, it takes that money from a different group of Americans.  If the federal government pays a person with borrowed money, it will still have to take that money from other Americans in the future.
Lincoln and Uinta County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Reagen Green from my Jackson office Tuesday, February 12, and Wednesday, February 13. She will be at the Kemmerer Town Hall from 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. on February 12. She will be at the Lyman Town Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m., the Evanston Town Hall from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m., and the Bear River Town Hall from 2:15 p.m. to 3:15 p.m. on February 13. For more information, call 307-739-9507.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
The cost of just interest on our national debt will overtake defense spending by 2020, according to the Congressional Budget Office. We can no longer delay cutting spending. Some pain now is better than a lot of pain in a few years.
The president’s proposal to avert the sequester (across-the-board spending cuts), set to go into effect March 1, exemplifies the problem we face here in Washington: raising taxes rather than making the important choices on spending reforms. Reducing federal spending must be the focus if we are to get back on a sustainable fiscal path. Our debt is out of control at more than $16 trillion, and we haven’t had a budget to spell out our fiscal priorities in almost four years. The president called for more revenue through tax reform, but tax increases do not equal tax reform.  Carefully cutting spending, rather than finding more ways to tax American families and businesses, will put America on a path to fiscal recovery.
Today I joined Senators Pat Roberts, R-Kan., and Mark Udall, D-Colo., as a cosponsor of legislation to create a U.S. Senate Committee to Reduce Government Waste that would locate and eliminate ineffective, outdated or duplicative federal programs. It’s a simple but helpful way to cut down on spending and ease the national debt. Click the link below to learn more and read the bill language.
Ensuring that our nation is prepared and able to respond to a public health emergency is an essential part of our national security and an issue we can all get behind. Today I joined a group of bipartisan senators to introduce the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act, which will help guarantee America has the tools it needs for a well-developed and coordinated response to any biological disaster.
Someone recently told me that, “We the People want majority rule in the Senate and filibuster reform now”. That would be bad for the country and especially bad for Wyoming. The Senate is the institution designed to protect the minority. If it ceases to function as such, then people who want the ability to live their lives differently than the majority wants them to are in trouble.
In his inaugural address January 21, President Obama called for a more active government. A more active federal government means individual citizens will have less room to be active in making decisions for themselves.
Many folks from Wyoming have contacted my office over the past week and expressed their concerns about sending military equipment to Egypt and the amendment Sen. Paul offered to the debt ceiling increase bill. While I did not support the amendment, I do share many of Sen. Paul’s concerns. Let’s be clear- no one supports sending weapons to any country that would use them against their people, use them for terrorism, or use them against the United States or our allies. The Middle East is an incredibly volatile region and I believe a “no sudden movements” policy is better than well-meaning and possibly impulsive action. With most policy changes, there needs to be a transition period, not an immediate change. I’ve found that this transition can help prevent unintended consequences since no bill or policy can ever be perfect.  An immediate cut-off to Egypt could have enormous negative ramifications, especially for our aircraft carriers and vessels to securely and effectively navigate the Suez Canal. In fact, Pro-Israel groups like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) have also expressed concern with the Paul amendment because it could diminish U.S. influence in Egypt. A better approach would be to reduce/suspend military sales to Egypt until the Administration certifies to Congress that Egypt agrees to uphold its commitments under the Camp David Peace Accords. We need to act in a manner that most assures a cooperative, stable government that provides proper security at the U.S. embassy and consulate facilities.              The planes we sell are not equipped the same as the planes we use, even in that vintage. Because the Egyptian government did not sign an agreement that protects some of our most sensitive technologies, the aircraft were modified for the Egypt sale. They are a couple of generations behind the current F-16 models and lack the technology of the ones we use.
Fremont County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Sandy Tinsley from my Casper office Tuesday, February 5, and Wednesday, February 6. She will be at the Lander City Hall from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m., at the Fort Washakie Rocky Mountain Hall from 12:15 p.m. to 1:15 p.m., and at the Pavillion Town Hall from 2:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. on February 5. She will be at the Riverton Town Hall Council Work Room from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on February 6. For more information, call 307-261-6572.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
This week I led a bipartisan effort with Senators Tester (D-Mont.), Johnson (D-S.D.), Grassley (R-Iowa), and 27 other senators encouraging U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and U.S. Trade Ambassador Ron Kirk to consider a regulatory adjustment to the U.S. Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) rule. The effort is a response to a recent World Trade Organization (WTO) decision which recognized the right of the United States to require origin labeling for meat but disagreed with how the law was implemented. Click below to learn more and read the letter text.
If the debt ceiling is going to be raised, there should be dollar-for-dollar reductions in spending for every dollar the ceiling is raised; an end to emergency “deals” to avert a shutdown on the federal government by keeping the doors open but forcing spending cuts if spending bills are not passed; and provisions to ensure the U.S. does not default on its debt. Those were all amendments offered to the debt ceiling increase bill. I voted for them, but they were defeated in the Senate yesterday. We shouldn’t be kicking the can down the road any longer. What we’re attempting to kick is so much larger and it’s going to crush future generations under the bills we’ve racked up but weren’t willing to pay for. I voted against the overall bill.
Members of the National Labor Relations Board who were appointed illegally by President Obama should resign. The recent ruling of the District of Columbia U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the president’s actions in appointing two members of the board violated the separation of powers in the Constitution. I joined some of my colleagues in asking the board members in question to step down and we also introduced legislation to prevent the board as well as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from acting. Here is a link to the letter and bill text.
Democrat Senator Chris Coons from Delaware and I have re-introduced legislation that would give innovative startup companies an opportunity to take advantage of the successful Research and Development Tax Credit.
More than half of America's small business owners see healthcare costs and taxes as their biggest worry in 2013, and consider them two of the biggest threats to their business operations.
Senator John Barrasso and I joined the bipartisan Senate Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) Coalition in requesting that Secretary of Defense nominee, Senator Chuck Hagel, clarify his position on the future of our ICBM force as a nuclear deterrent. The letter was sent today. Click on the link below to learn more and to read the full letter text.
Immigration is going to be a major issue this year. My general view is that we need tall fences and wide gates. We have to welcome those who have come for the right reasons and in the right way.
Having one doctor per 3,500 people in New York City means one thing. It means something entirely different when that one doctor serves 3,500 people across more than 10,000 square miles, like in Wyoming.  Click below to watch video and to read my opening statements from a Senate Subcommittee on Primary Health and Aging hearing today about efficiency of the delivery of health care.
I’ve been asked about aid for people hurt by Hurricane Sandy and there’s been a lot of national media attention on the subject.  Unfortunately some folks insist on believing that many in the House and Senate are denying help to those folks.  In the Senate, I voted for legislation that would provide nearly $24 billion to the communities affected.  However, the majority rejected that proposal in favor of a $60 billion bill that included funding programs not directly related to Hurricane Sandy or even related to disaster relief at all.  I voted against that wasteful bill and against a similarly wasteful $50 billion bill from the House again this week, but the Senate passed it. The House had already passed a $9.7 billion emergency bill Jan. 4.  The Senate signed off on it and President Obama signed it Jan. 6. We should help those in need, but we shouldn’t take advantage of popular emergency funding bills in order to pay for non-emergency needs. Since there are emergencies every year, we should budget for them and not have to borrow money every time there is a natural disaster. We should also limit how many years a disaster is still called an emergency and paid for with newly printed money or new debt.
I discussed the importance of committees, a budget, health care and other topics with Wyoming Public Radio last week.  A link to the interview is below.
Russia has recently banned the U.S. from participating in inter-country adoptions of Russian children. I recently joined a bipartisan group of legislators in sending a letter to both President Obama and President Vladimir Putin of Russia in requesting that each do their best to ensure pending adoption cases involving Russian children matched with U.S. families be completed prior to the enactment of the Russian ban. For those children who have already met, bonded with, and prepared for their families in the U.S., it would be in their best interest to complete these cases. Click on the link below to read both letters.
Government contracting is a great way to expand business sales into a multi-billion dollar federal market, and learning more about it is simple: attend the 2013 Government Resources and Opportunities for Business (GRO-Biz) Conference and Idea Expo, which will be held in Cody at the Holiday Inn from February 19-21. Click below to learn more.
Big Horn, Park and Washakie County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Karen McCreery from my Cody office Wednesday, January 30 and Friday, February 1. She will be at the Greybull Public Library from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m., and at the Worland City Hall from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on Wednesday, January 30. She will be at the Powell City Hall from 8:30 a.m. to 9:30 a.m., and the Cody City Hall from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. on Friday, February 1. For more information, call 307-527-9444.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Forcing Americans to purchase products by federal law is a dangerous precedent. I believe it is important to curb this government power, which is why I’m cosponsoring the American Liberty Restoration Act. This will repeal the individual health insurance mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, set to go into effect in 2014.
I was pleased the court ruled that the President’s “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board were not Constitutional.
Calling all Wyoming high school students who are 16 or 17 years old with at least a 3.0 grade point average: Interested in learning firsthand how the U.S. Senate works? Then apply for the summer session of the U.S. Senate Page program. You’ll live in Washington, D.C. and be a part of your nation’s history! Click on the link to learn how to apply.
Inspectors General (IGs) are independent offices in place to help make federal departments and agencies less wasteful. Investigations and reports of IGs continually help the government save money, promote transparency, and combat wrongdoing. As a new member of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee, I joined my colleagues in urging President Obama to fill the six Inspector General vacancies at key agencies, including the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Interior, Labor and State. The sixth vacancy is at the Agency for International Development. We need appointments of qualified and experienced individuals for these vacant roles, with the endorsement of the President and confirmation of the Senate. Click on the link below to read the letter.
Here is some good insight explaining gridlock in the Senate.
Today, Senator Barrasso and I joined more than 50 of our Democrat and Republican colleagues in sending a letter to President Obama urging him to finish the review process and approve the Keystone XL pipeline by the Administration’s own March 2013 deadline. Click the link below to read the letter.
January 13, 2013
A country, home, business, county or town without a budget is like a ship without a rudder. If a business doesn’t have a budget, the CEO gets fired. We can’t do that in Congress, but we can stop getting paid.
When talking about America’s finances, there are always a lot of numbers thrown around. The Congressional Budget Office put out a chart last year that helps simplify and breakdown how much America spends in relation to how much revenue it brings in.  As you can see from the chart, we have a spending problem.
We have yet to pass a budget in the Senate and for an Accountant like me, that’s not only unheard of – it is unthinkable.   I wouldn’t dream of trying to run my former business without a plan to guide me.  I can’t believe we’re trying to run the country without one.  It’s like being in a boat without a rudder.  You not only have no idea where you’re going, you can’t even control the direction you’re headed.  Surely most people outside of Washington in both parties agree that having a budget is a good thing.  I hope they convey that to the leader of the Senate who continues to block a budget.
There may be no quick or easy fixes to high-profile acts of violence, but any proposal aimed at protecting our citizens must not take away our Constitutional rights. President Obama has proposed federal actions to restrict gun rights, but not every problem has a federal solution.
A New Year’s resolution for the Senate should be to follow the law and pass a budget.  I recently joined some of my colleagues in sending a letter to new Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray asking for a vigorous hearing and mark-up schedule that would result in the passage of a budget.
I recently read an Associated Press news article with the headline, “Tax Code Longer Than Bible - Without Good News.”  We can fix some of the tax problems even in this partisan climate if we are allowed to actually work on tax policy through the committee process.  If the majority leader allows bills in the Senate to go through the Senate Finance Committee and then amendments to be freely offered on the Senate floor, the American public will get some good news.
I enjoyed learning more about Campbell County Memorial Hospital this week.
America’s health care issues remain unresolved, and a new study demonstrates how an increase in rules and bureaucracy could overwhelm our insurance market and our health care system. We need reforms that ultimately lower costs for Americans and modernize how healthcare is delivered and paid for, not 10,000 pages of new rules and regulations.
Many from Wyoming and across the country have expressed concern about a congressional pay raise in these tough economic times. The pay raises were authorized by an executive order that President Obama signed last Friday and would increase the salaries of members of Congress and federal workers. However, one of the provisions in the fiscal cliff deal blocks any congressional raises for the next fiscal year (which ends in September).   In the last Congress, I cosponsored the No Budget No Pay Act, S.1981, which would have prohibited members of Congress from being paid until a budget was agreed to by both the House and the Senate. It also would have prohibited retroactive pay for any such period. Senator Dean Heller, R-Nev., plans to reintroduce the bill this Congress and I plan to be an original cosponsor.
Below is a link to a video of my floor speech earlier this week regarding the possible end of the filibuster as we know it, and the need for all of us to work together to solve America’s pressing issues as the new year unfolds. We need to start legislating and stop deal-making.
I want to thank all the Wyoming residents that have called my office or left comments here about the fiscal cliff deal. The fiscal cliff deal was not perfect by any means. Had we done nothing and not passed the bill, taxes would have gone up for every American. For Wyoming, that would have meant an approximate $3,000 increase for every tax return filed. That would have meant a lower exemption from the death tax that would have a devastating effect on our farmers, ranchers,  and small businesses. That would have meant cuts to Medicare reimbursement rates that would have an impact on the care our seniors receive and the financial support our Wyoming hospitals and providers need. Voting for the bill, which I did, locked in the current tax rates for 98 percent of Americans and permanently extends the current $5 million per-person estate tax exemption and kept the tax rate from going to 55 percent. It also prevented another economic recession that the Congressional Budget Office had said would happen if the tax increases and across-the-board spending cuts had gone into place.   Don’t get me wrong, there were many things in the bill I did not like. It was a rushed deal, with the Senate majority’s take-it-or-leave it approach.  It is the wrong way to address our problems. It’s time to stop deal making and start legislating. I weigh how each bill will affect Wyoming and there is often times not just an easy answer. In this case, I believe protecting most of our taxpayers outweighed all the things I did not support. In the coming months, we will have to address the real issues behind our debt crisis and that is out-of-control spending. That means we will actually have to cut spending, and programs that many people like will see a cut. We will have to do more with less. We didn’t get into a $16 trillion debt and $1 trillion deficits from a lack of revenue, but a lack of will to cut spending. That vote should have taken tax increases out of the equation and puts more pressure and urgency to cut spending.
NA
Carbon County residents will have the opportunity to meet with Sandy Tinsley from my Casper office Thursday, January 3. She will be at the Medicine Bow Senior Center from 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m., the Hanna Town Hall from 1:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m., and the Saratoga Town Hall from 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. For more information, call 307-261-6572.  I meet with people in different parts of the state most weekends, but my staff also holds office hours to answer questions and pass along to me any concerns or ideas you may have.
Two people in a room cutting a deal should not be how we do our country's finances. More input from more elected representatives equals a better result.
