I hope you are enjoying a meaningful holiday season.  Despite the many challenges before us, we live in the greatest country in the world and have much for which to be thankful.  I'm excited and optimistic about the opportunity to tackle the big issues our country faces as we enter 2015 and reaffirm my commitment to all Tennesseans that I will continue to wake up every day working toward that end.  Elizabeth and I wish you and yours a very merry Christmas, and I look forward to serving you in the Senate in the new year.
This week, Senate Republican leadership announced committee assignments for the 114th Congress. Senator Corker will serve on the following committees beginning in January:  •           Senate Committee on Foreign Relations •           Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs •           Senate Committee on the Budget •           Senate Special Committee on Aging  “As I traveled across the Volunteer State in the days following the November election, Tennesseans made clear that they are ready for the Senate to govern responsibly and finally focus on growing our economy, repairing our fiscal house and strengthening our nation’s role in the world,” said Corker. “Serving on the foreign relations, banking, budget and aging committees will allow me the unique opportunity to focus on the issues that matter most to Tennesseans and our country, and I am eager to get to work.”  Corker continued: “Some of America’s greatest achievements and longest-lasting solutions have occurred when one party controls Congress and another the White House. It will take hard work, but if the president rolls up his sleeves and provides leadership and if the Congress acts responsibly, I truly believe we can begin to solve the big issues before us so that my generation can leave behind a stronger nation than the one we inherited.”  Committee assignments are subject to approval of the Republican Conference as well as the full Senate. Chairmen will be selected by a vote of the members of each respective committee and then approved by the Republican Conference, which is expected to take place in early January.   Corker currently serves as ranking member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
Senator Corker today released the following statement on Governor Bill Haslam’s announcement of “Insure Tennessee,” which the governor calls “an alternative approach” to the expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare. The plan, according to the governor, is “a two-year pilot program to provide health care coverage to Tennesseans who currently don’t have access to health insurance or have limited options."  “I have had several conversations with Governor Haslam and appreciate the work he and his team have done to study this issue closely and negotiate a tailored solution that works for Tennessee,” said Corker. “I'm glad the administration has finally allowed appropriate flexibility, and I'm pleased our state was able to adopt a solution that will build off of the innovative ways we deliver quality health care.”  For more information on “Insure Tennessee,” click here: http://1.usa.gov/1Admy0R.
Senator Corker today released the following statement after voting against a spending bill known as a continuing resolution (H.R.83).    “I could not support this spending bill because it continues the regrettable precedent of spending above the budget levels established by the original Budget Control Act without proper offsets elsewhere in the budget,” said Corker. “Next year, controlling both chambers of Congress, Republicans will have the opportunity to govern responsibly by passing individual appropriations bills with more oversight of how taxpayer dollars are being used.”   Corker also commented on a Constitutional point of order raised by Senator Ted Cruz.   "While the president's executive actions on immigration are reprehensible and deserve a strong response, I value the oath I took to support and defend the Constitution too much to exploit it for political expediency,” said Corker. “The Constitution gives Congress the power to fund the government so to assert that the House-passed spending bill is unconstitutional is not only inaccurate but irresponsible."
On the 376th anniversary of the National Guard yesterday, Major Generals Max Haston and Gus Hargett presented Senator Corker with a replica of a C-17 aircraft, which is flown in Memphis.
Last month, many of you read with interest a story our office shared about one family’s international adoption journey. At the time, Jim and Mary Ann Sokolowski of Nashville were en route to the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) with hopes of bringing Tris and Cora – the twins they legally adopted over two years ago – home to Tennessee. They are one of over 300 families nationwide who have faced adoption challenges since the DRC suspended the issuance of exit letters in 2013. I have met with several of those families, and my staff continues to work toward a solution that will bring all of the children home safely.    I am glad to share their good news today. The Sokolowski family, including Tris and Cora, returned from the DRC on Thanksgiving and celebrated as a family this weekend in Nashville.    To read more about the Sokolowskis’ journey, click here: http://bit.ly/1CyYydG.
Senator Corker issued the following statement regarding President Obama's decision to take executive action on immigration:  “The president is not acting in strength, he is acting in weakness,” said Corker. “This decision makes it clear that the president doesn’t have the ability and willingness to lead by rolling up his sleeves and doing the hard work to reach a consensus that is in the best interest of our country.”  Corker continued, “The president is blatantly ignoring the rule of law and Congress’ constitutional role, and I could not be more disappointed. Congress has to respond, but the response should be prudent and we should not lose sight of the fact that our job over the next two years is to enact policies that will make our nation stronger.”
On Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom” this morning, Senator Corker discussed President Obama’s decision to issue an executive order on immigration.  “This president is not acting in strength, he is acting in weakness. Unless lightning strikes, it will be the worst presidency in modern history,” said Corker.   “There has to be a response, no question. But it has to be a response that enables us to continue to move our nation ahead, remembering that this president will be gone in two years,” Corker continued. “He’s incredibly weak, and candidly, he is doing these things because he doesn’t have the ability to lead and is not willing to put the effort out to do the work to actually cause things to pass in Congress.”  Speaking about the need to fix our nation’s broken immigration system in a 2011 commencement address at Miami Dade College, President Obama said: “I know some here wish that I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how democracy works… Changing our laws means doing the hard work of changing minds and changing votes, one by one.”
Senators Corker and Alexander hosted several Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Earlier this month, Senator Corker toured Goodwill’s downtown Nashville facility to learn how donors’ gently used clothing and household items are turned into employment and training opportunities for thousands of Tennesseans each year.  “I am proud of the inspiring work Goodwill Industries of Middle Tennessee is doing to impact the lives of so many Tennesseans, and I enjoyed touring their facility in Nashville. When most people think about Goodwill, they think about donating clothes, and while that’s certainly important, the work Goodwill is doing for local communities goes so much further,” said Corker. “I was particularly touched by their work to provide opportunities for the disabled and individuals in need to find and maintain jobs.”  To learn more about Senator Corker’s visit to Goodwill, click here: http://bit.ly/1t3xgS9.  Photos courtesy of Goodwill.
In September 2013, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) suspended the issuance of exit permits for children adopted by foreign parents. According to the State Department, approximately 325 children who have been legally adopted by U.S. families await exit letters, including several children with urgent, life-threatening medical problems. Advocacy groups indicate more than 20 families in the Volunteer State are affected by the DRC’s halt on adoptions. Senator Corker has met with several Tennessee families, including the Sokolowksi family of Nashville, in various stages of the adoption process and continues to work toward a solution that will bring the children home to the United States.  Last week, the Sokolowskis shared their story with WTVC-TV NewsChannel 9 News in Chattanooga and said Senator Corker “provided them with hope” throughout their two year journey. Click on the image below to learn more.  A top priority of Senator Corker’s is providing access and assistance to Tennesseans. If you are a resident of Tennessee and need assistance resolving any challenge you may be experiencing with a federal agency, please contact one of our six state offices for casework assistance. You can read more information about how our office can help you with a federal agency by clicking here: http://bit.ly/CorkerHelpsTennesseans.
Those who wear our country’s uniform are the ultimate public servants, and Veterans Day is a reminder of the courage generations of brave men and women have shown to protect and strengthen our nation. As we look toward the new year and a new Congress, the best way our nation’s elected leaders can honor our veterans is to work together, regardless of political party, to ensure our generation leaves behind a better America than the one we inherited.
In Tennessee and across the country, Americans have voted to move our country forward by electing candidates that will focus on growing our economy, repairing our fiscal house and strengthening our nation’s role in the world. After years of gridlock, this election represents a unique opportunity for Congress and the administration to govern responsibly. Some of our country's greatest achievements have occurred when one party controls Congress and another the White House, so I hope the president will take advantage of this opportunity by rolling up his sleeves and working with a new Congress to advance the nation’s interests and improve the standard of living for Americans.  I congratulate Lamar Alexander and his team on a great campaign. I could think of no better partner to work with in the U.S. Senate than Lamar, and I am thankful to be able to continue to serve with him on behalf of Tennesseans. I wish all Tennesseans could see how Lamar works tirelessly each day to find ways to solve our nation’s problems and move our country ahead.  With Bill Haslam elected to a second term as governor, Tennessee will continue to be known as one of the best states in the country to live in and do business. Having worked closely with him on ways to attract more jobs to our state, I know how fortunate we are in Tennessee to have Bill’s leadership and vision.
Our office is partnering with the Tennessee Department of Veterans Affairs (TDVA) to host a veterans outreach event and job fair in Knox County this Wednesday, November 5, from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. ET. The event will be held at the Tennessee National Guard Armory, 3330 Sutherland Avenue, and will feature prospective employers and representatives from the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, Tennessee Department of Labor and Workforce Development, Tennessee Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, as well as Grantham University, Pellissippi State Community College, Roane State Community College, and the University of Tennessee.   For more information, visit TDVA’s website at http://www.tn.gov/veteran/tdvaevents.shtml, Facebook at www.facebook.com/myTDVA or Twitter at @TNDVA.
Senator Corker continued his travels across West Tennessee yesterday, making stops in Madison, Chester and Fayette counties. He began the day in Jackson, meeting with West Tennessee mayors. Later, he spoke to students at Freed-Hardeman University’s chapel service. Corker wrapped the day in Fayette County, meeting with business and community leaders at a luncheon hosted by the Fayette County Chamber of Commerce.
Senator Corker enjoyed meeting with Tennesseans in Benton and Perry counties yesterday. He began the afternoon holding a roundtable discussion with business and community leaders in Camden. Later, he chatted with diners at the Country & Western Steakhouse before stopping by Benton County's United Way “Good Neighbor Auction” to thank volunteers and congratulate them on another successful event. Corker wrapped the day in Linden meeting with members of the Perry County Chamber and discussing some of the ways we can grow the economy and address the challenges facing our country.    The senator will continue his travels across West Tennessee today, making stops in Madison, Chester and Fayette counties.
Senator Corker today released the following statement regarding the U.S. response to the Ebola outbreak in west Africa and the need for a “robust, comprehensive response” that includes restricting tourism and non-essential travel to the United States:  “We have an obligation to protect American citizens first as we continue to work with other countries to prevent the spread of this deadly disease. Until the Ebola outbreak in west Africa is under control, the United States should, as part of a robust, comprehensive response, restrict tourism and non-essential travel from the affected region to the United States.”
An editorial (“Obama, Congress and Iran”) in today’s Wall Street Journal urges the Obama administration to embrace legislation sponsored by Senator Corker that “gives U.S. stronger leverage” in nuclear negotiations with Iran. The editorial states the Iran Nuclear Negotiations Act of 2014 sends a message to Iran “that Congress won’t sign off on a bad agreement that puts America’s interests at risk and is ready to double down on sanctions.”  Read more: http://on.wsj.com/1ERp54D
Senator Corker enjoyed being downtown on Sunday as his hometown, Chattanooga, hosted its first-ever Ironman race. The city’s vibrant downtown and waterfront, which were transformed under the senator’s leadership as mayor, served as the perfect backdrop for Sunday night’s finish. Congratulations to this year’s winner, Matt Hanson (pictured below). To learn more about Ironman Chattanooga, click here: http://bit.ly/IMChattanooga. (Photo courtesy of Jason Myers.)
Senator Corker today released the following statement regarding the Pentagon’s announcement that soldiers from Fort Campbell’s 101st Airborne Division will deploy to Liberia in late October to support efforts to contain the outbreak of Ebola in West Africa.   “The Fort Campbell community has shown time and time again that their unique capabilities remain essential to our national security,” said Corker. “The U.S. has a vital role to play in leading the global response to defeat this deadly outbreak, and I could not be more proud of our men and women in uniform who are always willing to answer the call to protect U.S. interests both at home and abroad.”   Federal health officials announced today that the first case of Ebola has been diagnosed in the United States.
Enjoyed being downtown today for the Ironman. Congratulations to all of the amazing athletes who competed. #IMChattanooga
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding military strikes carried out by the U.S. and a coalition of Arab nations against ISIS in Syria: “I'm encouraged by the participation of our Arab allies in this operation and hope this is the first step in building a lasting regional coalition committed to confronting ISIS,” said Corker. 1.usa.gov/1vdbzC7 
The United States Senate this week unanimously passed a resolution offered by Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senators Chris Coons (D-Del.), Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) and Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) recognizing the severe threat posed by the outbreak of Ebola in West Africa and the support provided by the United States government, African partners, the United Nations, World Health Organization, and the international community to confront Ebola, as well as the additional U.S. commitment recently announced by President Obama.  “The U.S. has a vital role to play in leading the global response to defeat this deadly outbreak that is growing increasingly difficult to contain,” Corker said. “The international intervention needs to be scaled up to meet the scope of this challenge as research for new therapies and vaccines continues.”
Senator Corker issued the following statement after voting for a three-month authorization to arm and train the moderate Syrian opposition in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS):   “Thus far, the administration has been sophomoric, vague and unprepared to define an approach to ISIS that meets any test of seriousness. I am willing to give the administration three months to try to develop a training program in hopes it can be a small seed for a building block to create the coalition they have cited. By December 11, we will know if the administration has developed a more realistic effort. At that time, I believe they will be exercising extremely poor judgment if they do not seek explicit authorization from Congress for the campaign they develop to deal with ISIS.”  Corker has long been a supporter of the U.S. providing limited lethal and non-lethal assistance and training to vetted, moderate rebels against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. In May 2013, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed the Syria Transition Support Act, by a vote of 15-3, legislation introduced by Corker and committee Chairman Senator Robert Menendez (D-N.J.). Training the moderate opposition in an effort dedicated to ISIS is a very different undertaking.   The legislation passed the Senate 78 to 22 and will be sent to the president to be signed into law.
Senator Corker was proud to receive the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) Small Business Award today for his strong small business voting record in the 113th Congress.
Senator Corker’s Constitution Week events continued today as our nation celebrates the 227th anniversary of the cherished document. This afternoon, students at Michigan Avenue Elementary School in Bradley County enjoyed an interactive presentation, viewed a 5-foot replica of the Constitution and discussed its importance in every American’s life. Events continue tomorrow across the Volunteer State. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1BGKDhV.
Senator Corker enjoyed meeting with Tennesseans on Capitol Hill this morning to discuss finding a cure for Alzheimer’s. The group included: Joan Cronan, The Pat Summitt Foundation board member and University of Tennessee women’s athletic director emeritus; Betty Ann Tanner, WomenAgainstAlzheimer’s founder; Kim Campbell, wife of country music star Glen Campbell; and Janice Wade-Whitehead, executive director of Alzheimer’s Tennessee, Inc.
Yesterday Senators Bob Corker and Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) introduced the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014, legislation that imposes broad sanctions on Russia’s defense, energy, and financial sectors, as well as increases military and non-military assistance for Ukraine.  “Now is the time to increase the pressure on Putin and help strengthen Ukraine’s leverage," said Corker. The legislation will be taken up by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Thursday after Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko addresses a joint meeting of Congress. House Speaker John Boehner invited President Poroshenko to speak before Congress following a request from Senators Corker and Menendez.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1wowRxf
TUNE IN: Today at 2:30 p.m. ET, Senator Corker will question Secretary of State John Kerry on the U.S. strategy to combat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing. Watch live at http://foreign.senate.gov.
In an op-ed in USA TODAY, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, writes today that President Obama should seek explicit congressional authorization to combat the terrorist group Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS).  “Unless the president reverses course and requests congressional backing, our efforts to confront ISIS risk failure without the long-term domestic political support necessary for a multiyear campaign in at least two countries,” writes Corker. “We would be stronger and our actions against ISIS more effective if the president requested authorization. Congress, and the American people, would give him that authority as long as his plan is well thought out. It's the right thing to do for Americans heading into harm's way.”
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
This Wednesday, September 17, is the 227th anniversary of the signing of the Constitution of the United States, and to mark the occasion, students in 10 Tennessee schools will participate in Constitution Week events sponsored by Senator Corker’s office.   Members of Senator Corker’s staff will deliver interactive presentations to students, showing a 5-foot replica of the Constitution and discussing its importance in every American’s life.  “I hope the students who attend our Constitution Week events across the state develop a healthy interest in our country’s history, values and system of government,” said Corker. “Our country faces a number of challenges in the coming decades, and it’s important that young Americans understand the cherished document that has guided our country since its founding.”  The week-long celebration began this morning in Roane County, where Senator Corker’s staff met with students at Dyllis Springs Elementary School.
May this somber anniversary serve as a reminder of the durability of the American spirit, the countless acts of courage, and the displays of selflessness by so many Americans on that fateful day and in the years since September 11, 2001. Our military men and women and their families who answered the call to defend this country have made tremendous sacrifices on our behalf and continue to inspire all of us through their public service.
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, last night issued the following statement following President Obama’s address to the nation regarding the U.S. strategy against the terrorist organization the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS):   “While much of the wording in the president’s speech was good, the substance of how we accomplish what he laid out is what matters. I believe the president is exercising poor judgment by not explicitly seeking an authorization from Congress where consensus can be reached around a substantive plan of action and support can be built for an operation that he has described will take several years."
Today at 5:28 p.m. ET, Sen. Corker will be on CNN’s The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer to discuss the president’s address tomorrow night on the U.S. strategy to confront ISIS.
Senator Corker enjoyed meeting with 8th grade students from Battle Ground Academy (Williamson County) this afternoon on Capitol Hill.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 75 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Senator Corker today issued the following statement on the release of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) report on the Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act of 2014 (S.1217), which passed the Senate Banking Committee on May 15 in a 13-9 bipartisan vote.  “Today’s CBO report further confirms that the bipartisan bill passed by the Senate Banking Committee in May is a win-win for the American taxpayer and should serve as the framework for how our housing finance system should look in the future,” said Corker. “This bill not only protects taxpayers against future losses, but it also reduces the deficit by $58 billion over 10 years and creates a more competitive, dynamic housing finance system. It is time for our country to move beyond the status quo and finally end the failed model of private gains and public losses.”  According to the report, “CBO estimates that enacting the bill would decrease federal deficits by $58 billion over the 2015-2024 period.” Additionally, “CBO expects that the government would take on less risk under FMIC guarantees than it would from continued operation of the GSEs under current law.”  To read more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1u7JOMr.
Senator Corker traveled to Lawrence, Madison, Tipton, Shelby, Henderson, Decatur and Davidson counties last week to meet with Tennesseans and provide an update on his work to solve the big issues facing our nation. He also partnered with Google to host “Tennessee Get Your Business Online” events aimed at helping small businesses build and grow their presence online. This week, the senator will continue meeting with Tennesseans throughout the Volunteer State, visiting Hamilton, Sevier, Sullivan, Greene, Knox and Anderson counties.
Senator Corker is partnering with Google this month to host “Tennessee Get Your Business Online” events to help Tennessee small businesses grow their presence online.    At events in Jackson on August 13, and Nashville on August 15, Google experts will help small business owners create a free website, and those in attendance will receive the following:   - Customized domain name - Free web hosting for one year - Local business listing on Google  - Additional tools, training and resources    Both events are free and open to all Tennesseans.   To register for the Jackson event, click here: http://bit.ly/1sQF8sL.  To register for the Nashville event, click here: http://bit.ly/1kWPQhE.   The events will be the second and third in a series of "Tennessee Get Your Business Online" events organized by Senator Corker’s office and Google. In May, more than one hundred Tennessee small business owners attended a "Tennessee Get Your Business Online" event in Chattanooga.  Businesses unable to attend the events can still create a free website and access relevant resources by visiting www.TennesseeGetOnline.com.
Senator Corker today announced passage of S. Res. 502, a Senate resolution concerning the suspension of exit permit issuance by the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) for adopted Congolese children seeking to depart the country with their adoptive parents.    “I’ve had the opportunity to hear firsthand the stories of many Tennessee families who are stuck in limbo trying to provide a better home and life for orphaned children living in the DRC, and I remain committed to broader efforts to improve the international adoption process so children can have the opportunity to grow up in permanent and safe families,” said Corker. “I’m pleased this resolution passed, and I hope the administration will use the upcoming U.S.-African Summit to press for a solution.”    In September 2013, the DRC suspended the issuance of exit permits for children adopted by foreign parents. Over 145 children who have been legally adopted by U.S. families and have been given Congolese passports and U.S. visas await exit letters, including several children with urgent, life-threatening medical problems.   Advocacy groups indicate at least 23 families in the Volunteer State are affected by the DRC’s halt on adoptions. Corker has met with several Tennessee families in various stages of the adoption process and continues to work towards a solution that will bring the children home to the United States.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1saNvPy.
Senator Corker on Thursday voted against legislation to temporarily patch the Highway Trust Fund by transferring nearly $10 billion from the general fund. The $10 billion transfer is spent within a few months but paid for over 10 years using budget gimmicks.  “It’s sad that the default mode in Congress is to pass one short-term patch after another, burdening our states, cities and future generations with the consequences of our irresponsibility,” said Corker. “The best thing we can do to promote economic growth and provide the certainty state and local officials are begging for is to stop stealing from future generations and pass a long-term highway program reform bill that is paid for in the same time frame in which the money is spent.”  Since 2008, Congress has transferred more than $50 billion of general fund money into the Highway Trust Fund to maintain funding levels, and most of the spending has not been offset.
Senator Corker released the following statement today on the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014.   “Our veterans deserve solutions to the deep-rooted problems plaguing the VA, and they also deserve a Congress that has the discipline to pay for legislation it passes,” said Corker. “It’s embarrassing that Congress not only refuses to face today’s decisions with the courage our men and women in uniform have demonstrated for decades, but rushed through a piece of legislation without thoroughly reviewing its full fiscal impact on future generations and without knowing if it will address the systemic problems that exist at the VA. Congress should take time to work with the recently confirmed Secretary of the VA on cost-effective reforms that don’t put in place yet another long-term unfunded liability.”   According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the $10 billion funding for a key provision of the bill would last only until the early part of fiscal year 2016 and require billions of dollars in additional funding each year if the program is not canceled.
Senator Corker today applauded Senate passage of his bipartisan amendment to the Highway Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (H.R. 5021) that removes a budget gimmick known as pension smoothing to pay for a short-term extension of the Highway Trust Fund and prevents Congress from shirking its responsibility to pass a long-term transportation bill this year.   “Left to my own accord, I would have much rather seen a long-term plan pass today, but knowing that was not going to happen, I chose to work to make the bill better rather than throw up my hands and automatically say ‘no’ – which is the default position far too often in Washington,” said Corker. “I am pleased the Senate overwhelmingly supported our effort to improve the legislation by stripping out an egregious budget gimmick, and I urge the House to pass our more fiscally conservative bill so we can ensure Congress will be forced to find a sustainable solution to our nation’s highway funding by year end.”   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1rDFoKj. 
As negotiations between the Senate and the House of Representatives over legislation to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) continue, Senator Corker urged that lawmakers have the opportunity to review a complete Congressional Budget Office (CBO) score on any final conference VA bill before taking a vote.   “Our veterans deserve solutions to the systemic problems that plague the VA, and they also deserve a Congress that has the discipline to pay for legislation rather than drive our country deeper into debt,” said Corker. “The way the Senate rushed the VA bill to the floor in June was a complete disgrace. Neither the House nor the Senate should take a vote on the conference legislation until there is a complete score from the Congressional Budget Office so members have the opportunity to review the impact the bill will have on future generations. I want to thank the conference committee for their work and continue to urge them to keep their assurances that they will find a way to improve the bill and ensure it is totally paid for during the same time the money is being spent.” To read the full press release click here: http://1.usa.gov/1xc3EEB  
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 45 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Photo courtesy of Volkswagen.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be a guest on Fox News Sunday this morning to discuss a range of foreign policy issues, including the tragic Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash in Ukraine, and the latest in Russia, Israel and Iran. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/1iDxtIs.
Senator Corker released the following statement today regarding reports that three of the companies offering insurance policies in the federal health care marketplace in Tennessee have requested to raise rates for their exchange plans in 2015:  “My heart goes out to the many families and business owners across the state coping with rising health care costs, and I’m hopeful the Senate might finally be allowed to debate ways to provide relief from the damaging effects of this law, including solutions to free up the marketplace so affordable plans that meet the actual needs of Tennesseans can openly and effectively compete for their business,” said Corker. “The president’s health care bill was sold to Tennesseans and the country as a way to bring down health care costs, yet it has done just the opposite as we continue to see double digit increases in the cost of plans.”  BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee (BCBST) – the only health insurance provider to offer a policy in all 95 Volunteer State counties in 2014 – is requesting to raise rates by an average of 19 percent for its exchange plans in 2015. Cigna is requesting an average rate increase of 7.5 percent, and Humana has requested to raise rates by an average of 14.4 percent. During the health care law’s 2014 open enrollment period, 88 percent of Tennesseans chose a BCBST health insurance plan.
This afternoon, Senator Corker wished NASA Astronaut and U.S. Navy Captain Barry “Butch” Wilmore of Mt. Juliet, Tennessee, good luck on his upcoming mission to the International Space Station. Wilmore, a graduate of Tennessee Technological University, will depart for the International Space Station in September and will begin serving as commander for Expedition 42 in November.
Senator Corker delivered remarks in Wolfsburg, Germany, today after Volkswagen CEO Prof. Dr. Martin Winterkorn announced that the company will build its midsize SUV in Chattanooga, Tennessee, a more than $600 million investment in the region, which will add 2,000 new jobs at the plant. Watch here: http://youtu.be/8SW2Se3hcnQ.  Corker released the following statement on Volkswagen’s announcement:  “I deeply appreciate Volkswagen’s significant long-term commitment to the hometown and state that I love,” said Corker. “I am grateful for Governor Haslam’s steady leadership, for our mayors, our great community leaders and the workers at the Chattanooga plant, whose commitment to excellence helped pave the way for today’s announcement. Finally, I am thankful to be able to help see this through to today’s conclusion.”  “One of the most meaningful days in my public service career occurred six years ago when I received the call from the Volkswagen boardroom that they had chosen Chattanooga,” added Corker. “Today’s announcement is a similar high point, as VW’s significantly expanded presence means that thousands of more families will benefit from the good paying jobs being created at the plant.” 
I was honored to be in Germany today as Volkswagen announced it will build its midsize SUV in Chattanooga, a more than $600 million investment, which will add 2,000 new jobs at the plant.  I deeply appreciate Volkswagen’s significant long-term commitment to the hometown and state that I love. I am grateful for Governor Haslam’s steady leadership, for our mayors, our great community leaders and the workers at the Chattanooga plant, whose commitment to excellence helped pave the way for today’s announcement. Finally, I am thankful to be able to help see this through to today’s conclusion.  One of the most meaningful days in my public service career occurred six years ago when I received the call from the Volkswagen board room that they had chosen Chattanooga. Today’s announcement is a similar high point, as VW’s significantly expanded presence means that thousands of more Tennessee families will benefit from the good paying jobs being created at the plant.  Read more: http://bit.ly/1kV6U1v.
On this Independence Day, may we celebrate all that makes America great and remember that the freedoms we cherish each day would not be possible without generations of brave individuals – from our Founding Fathers to the men and women in uniform today – who defend and protect the values that define America. I hope we will rise to meet today's challenges and leave behind an even stronger America for our children and future generations.
Senator Corker issued the following statement today on the passing of former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Howard H. Baker, Jr. (R-Tenn.):   “When I think of the ultimate statesman, the very first person who comes to my mind is Howard Baker.    “Howard Baker was one of those people who had the unique ability to bring out the very best in those around him. He always put our country’s interests first, and lived a life of service that everyone in public office should aspire to emulate. I have cherished the privilege of being able to sit down and talk with Howard on many occasions, and I will always value his words of encouragement. He was a source of great pride in our state.   “Elizabeth and I extend our thoughts and prayers to his wife, Nancy, the Baker family and all those who have been touched by Howard’s remarkable life.”   In this 2007 photo, Senator Corker is pictured with (from L to R): former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.), Senator Baker, and U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.).
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 50 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
This summer, the Highway Trust Fund, which funds improvements to roads, bridges and transit systems, will run dry and likely halt the construction of any new transportation projects without action from Congress. This will result in a 50 percent reduction in Tennessee’s transportation budget in 2015 and create a $160 billion hole in state budgets nationwide over the next decade at a time when they can least afford it. Senator Corker today criticized the Senate Finance Committee for failing to find a funding solution to the Highway Trust Fund in a way that meets our country’s long-term infrastructure needs and pays for the spending in the year it is spent. The committee’s $9 billion plan would cover six months of transportation funding, but take a decade to pay for it.  “It’s a complete sham to borrow money for six months of transportation spending and pretend to pay it back over the next 10 years,” said Corker. “Americans should be outraged and reject those who support this plan and are willing to sacrifice future generations because they don’t have the courage to pay for things that are important to our country or cut spending elsewhere. We can either pay for this responsibly or shut down the road program until there is enough money in the fund.”  Last week, Corker and Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) announced a bipartisan proposal that would create a long-term, stable funding mechanism for the Highway Trust Fund and enact tax relief for American families and businesses. For more information on this proposal, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1nQ7cu8. 
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 60 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Senator Corker and Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) today unveiled the first bipartisan proposal to shore up the Highway Trust Fund to pay for transportation projects by updating the user fee on motor fuels while also including a plan to permanently reduce other taxes on American families and businesses by at least an equal amount.  “Growing up in Tennessee as a conservative, I learned that if something was important enough to have, it was important enough to pay for. That’s how we’ve governed in the Volunteer State, which has resulted in the second best transportation system in the country without having one penny of road debt,” said Senator Corker. “In Washington, far too often, we huff and puff about paying for proposals that are unpopular, yet throw future generations under the bus when public pressure mounts on popular proposals that have broad support. Congress should be embarrassed that it has played chicken with the Highway Trust Fund and allowed it to become one of the largest budgeting failures in the federal government. If Americans feel that having modern roads and bridges is important then Congress should have the courage to pay for it.”  The federal gas tax is a user fee that goes into the highway trust fund, and it is only used to pay for transportation projects. This user fee has not changed since 1993 – more than 20 years ago. Rather than borrow more money from future generations to fund highways and roads, Senator Corker thinks Congress should have the courage to pay for today’s projects. To help ease the burden on America families and businesses, Senator Corker’s proposal also includes at least an equal amount of permanent tax relief.     Click here to read more about the proposal: http://1.usa.gov/1nQ7cu8.
"But the fact that this gigantic price tag was delivered around 4 p.m. yesterday, when the Senate voted around 4:30, is reason enough to slow down and reconsider just what they’re about to pass. Only three senators agreed, unfortunately, all Republicans: Bob Corker of Tennessee, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, and Jeff Sessions of Alabama.  They deserve great credit for questioning the wisdom of passing what could become a gigantic new entitlement — that wasn’t paid for in any way, because it was passed as an 'emergency' budgetary measure. The VA scandals demand an immediate response, of course, but the Senate bill isn’t necessary to execute it: President Obama has already ordered that the VA expand the coverage it offers outside the system for vets waiting for care. No program like this should be passed as an emergency measure. Fixing the VA’s problems, such as they are, may require lots and lots of money — and maybe the Senate wasn’t voting to spend quite as much money as the CBO just said. But any congressman with any respect whatsoever for the concept of fiscal responsibility — not deficit hawks, just anyone concerned with how much we spend and on what — should want Congress to take time to study this issue (as, indeed, the House is planning to)." Read more: http://bit.ly/1xUg0V9.
Senator Corker today applauded U.S. House of Representatives Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (R-Fla.) for announcing (http://bit.ly/1qBiTFq) he will find a way to improve and pay for legislation to address the problems uncovered at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).  “The men and women who fought to protect and defend this country have sacrificed too much only to have Congress drive America deeper into debt and jeopardize our security for future generations. Our veterans deserve solutions to the chronic, systemic problems that exist at the VA, but the bill passed by the Senate yesterday, which was rushed through in an effort to hide the massive price tag from the American people, is not the right answer. I thank Chairman Miller for his leadership, and I hope the House will improve the bill and pay for it so I can support it when it comes back to the Senate.”  Yesterday, Corker voted against the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 (S. 2450) after a preliminary analysis by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) found that one section of the bill alone would increase direct spending by more than $35 billion in the next three years.  The CBO report estimated that implementing that section would “cost roughly $500 million in 2014, $10 billion in 2015, and $25 billion in 2016” and found that “veterans would ultimately seek additional care that would cost the federal government about $50 billion a year, on net.”  Even more troubling, the report said “this estimate should be viewed as falling in the middle of a wide range of possible outcomes,” indicating the cost for the bill could be much greater than the initial estimate.
Senator Corker released the following statement on the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 (S. 2450). A preliminary analysis by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) found that Title III of the bill, which would authorize and fund enhancements to several programs of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), alone would increase direct spending by more than $35 billion in the next three years.    “I value too much the sacrifice and service our veterans have given to our country to vote for a bill that was thrown together without any discussion by this body and increases the deficit by at least $35 billion,” said Corker. “This bill is moving back to the House where I hope they will more thoughtfully address the serious issues that have been uncovered in the VA and ensure the bill is paid for in a way that does not burden future generations with crushing debt so I can support it when it comes back to the Senate.”
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Senator Corker: The VA audit released yesterday “further confirms there are chronic, systemic problems at the VA, and they must be addressed immediately.” http://bit.ly/1oIbYed
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Senator Corker released the following statement today regarding the resignation of Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki.   “I appreciate Secretary Shinseki’s military and public service to our country, and while a change in leadership was necessary the problems run much deeper than one person,” said Corker. “The administration must work with Congress to solve the chronic, systemic problems that exist within the VA so that our nation’s veterans can receive the quality and timely care they deserve.”   To read more about Senator Corker’s efforts to ensure the VA is held accountable, click here: http://1.usa.gov/1hG9G9x.
Senator Corker made the following statement honoring Memorial Day.  “My job gives me the honor of meeting with members of our military stationed around the world, and I’m always deeply moved by my visits with them. It is because of their courage, selflessness and willingness to serve that the United States remains the greatest country on Earth. On this Memorial Day, we remember them, their families and those who have made the ultimate sacrifice, and may we work even harder to ensure today’s veterans receive the support they deserve when returning home.”
Senator Corker today released the following statement on President Obama’s remarks regarding recent allegations against the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA):   “After waiting weeks to publicly address allegations of neglect at some VA medical facilities and with more disturbing reports surfacing of veterans not receiving the care they need, I’m highly disappointed President Obama did not announce an independent, third-party review of all VA medical facilities today. Our nation’s veterans deserve answers and accountability from the administration, and an internal investigation at an agency plagued by poor leadership and mismanagement is simply not enough. We need to shine a light on the department’s activities so we can begin to resolve the systemic problems that exist. I also believe one of the best ways we can honor our Tennessee veterans and all those who have served our country is to provide them greater flexibility and better access to quality health care.”   Last week, Corker and Senator Lamar Alexander wrote to VA Secretary Eric K. Shinseki calling on the VA to conduct a “thorough, open and transparent” audit following reports of neglect at some of its medical facilities, including allegations that up to 40 patients may have died because of delayed care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System. The senators also asked Shinseki to provide specific information regarding the average time Tennessee veterans are waiting for care at VA facilities. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1o7ovt9.
May 19, 2014 – Senator Corker and Google host a Tennessee Get Your Business Online event in Chattanooga. [Photo courtesy of Google.]
Senators Corker and Alexander on Thursday sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Under Secretary for Health Robert A. Petzel requesting an update on the implementation of recommendations made in an October 2013 VA Office of Inspector General (OIG) report entitled “Healthcare Inspection Emergency Department Patient Deaths Memphis VA Medical Center (MVAMC) Memphis, Tennessee.”  “As you know, the OIG has verified many troubling allegations at the MVAMC Emergency Department,” wrote the senators. “Our veterans deserve the best possible care available, and incidents like these and allegations of delayed care leading to the deaths of veterans at the Phoenix VA Health Care System are deeply troubling.”  “We therefore ask for a detailed update on the implementation of the recommendations made and agreed to in the October 23, 2013 OIG report” and “ask that you provide us with information on any other issues preventing our veterans from receiving timely and appropriate care at the MVAMC,” the senators continued. “Now more than ever, it is imperative that the VA present a transparent accounting of the issues it faces and the steps it will take to address these challenges.”  On Tuesday, Corker and Alexander wrote to VA Secretary Eric K. Shinseki calling on the VA to conduct a “thorough, open and transparent” audit following reports of neglect at some of its medical facilities, including allegations that up to 40 patients may have died because of delayed care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System. The senators also asked Shinseki to provide specific information regarding the average time Tennessee veterans are waiting for care at VA facilities.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1lwtayd. 
Senator Corker is partnering with Google to help Tennessee small businesses by hosting a Tennessee Get Your Business Online event in Chattanooga on Monday, May 19.  “As a former mayor and businessman, I appreciate the role small businesses play in communities across Tennessee,” said Corker. “I am proud to partner with Google to host this event and hope local businesses will take advantage of this outstanding opportunity to kickstart and build their online presence.”  At the Tennessee Get Your Business Online event, Google experts will help small business owners create a free website, and those in attendance will receive the following.  - Customized domain name - Free web hosting for one year - Local business listing on Google  - Additional tools, training and resources   The Google experts will also help train business owners on how to reach more customers online.  For more information or to register for this free event, click here: http://goo.gl/6C39cB.
Senator Bob Corker, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, today commended the committee’s passage of the Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act (S.1217), which he coauthored with Senator Mark Warner, and called on the Senate Majority Leader to schedule a floor vote on the bill this Congress. The bill passed the committee in a 13-9 bipartisan vote:   “After more than a year of discussions and a dozen hearings, I am extremely proud the banking committee took a significant step toward building a modern and more efficient housing finance system that provides access to creditworthy borrowers while protecting taxpayers from writing massive checks in the heat of a future financial crisis,” said Corker. “This bill serves as a model of how we can tackle the major challenges in our economy and should become the framework for how our housing finance system will ultimately look.”   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1sSaaQG. 
Senators Corker and Alexander today sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric K. Shinseki calling on the VA to conduct a “through, open and transparent” audit following reports of neglect at some of its medical facilities, including allegations that up to 40 patients may have died because of delayed care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System. While Secretary Shinseki recently announced a “face-to-face” audit of all VA medical facilities, the senators urged the department to consider using a third-party auditor to ensure the review “is independent and transparent," and also requested information on Tennessee VA facilities.  “The gravity of these allegations demands a thorough, open and transparent investigation,” wrote the senators. “As the VA conducts its internal audit, we urge you to consider partnering with an outside organization and conduct a joint review, or use a third-party auditor to examine the claims made against the VA to help ensure the review is independent and transparent.”  Corker and Alexander said if allegations of records manipulation at the Phoenix VA are found to be true, it “would represent a massive failure of the VA” and would “demonstrate a complete breach of faith with the community it is mandated to serve.”  The senators also asked Shinseki to provide specific information regarding the average time Tennessee veterans are waiting for care at VA facilities.  “At the completion of the audit, in addition to the findings and recommendations, we request that you provide us with the average time between patients presenting themselves and when they receive treatment at all VA facilities in Tennessee,” they continued. “Our veterans deserve better, and we intend to closely monitor the investigation to ensure they receive every benefit they have earned.”    Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1hKqw6X.
Senator Corker joined Senators Lamar Alexander and Orrin Hatch this morning at The Bluebird Cafe in Nashville to announce The Songwriter Equity Act, which was introduced today in the U.S. Senate. The bill would amend federal law to allow songwriters to be compensated for the fair market value of their work.   The senators made their announcement accompanied by songwriters Roxie Dean, Lee Thomas Miller, Tom Douglas and Rivers Rutherford, who performed some of their signature songs and discussed the importance of removing government restrictions.  Corker said: “There’s no place where the music industry is more vibrant than in Tennessee, where we are blessed with talented songwriters, musicians, and small and large businesses that work to bring to life the music we enjoy each day. As technology advances, it’s important we not forget the sometimes unsung heroes of the music industry – the songwriters – and modernize the way they are compensated for their talents.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1mSnn8o.
Senator Corker is partnering with Google to help Tennessee small businesses. Representatives from Google will host a Tennessee Get Your Business Online event in Chattanooga on Monday, May 19.  “As a former mayor and businessman, I appreciate the role small businesses play in communities across Tennessee,” said Corker. “I am proud to partner with Google to host this event and hope local businesses will take advantage of this outstanding opportunity to kickstart and build their online presence.”  For more information, click here: http://goo.gl/6C39cB.
My prayers are with the families of the 200+ abducted Nigerian school girls. I’m proud the Senate came together on Tuesday to pass a resolution condemning this horrific act.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 30 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Senators Corker and Alexander congratulated Ashlin Wildun, 18, of Nashville, and Ryan Kirst, 15, of Maryville, for being selected as Tennessee’s honorees for the 2014 Prudential Spirit of Community awards program this morning at Tennessee Tuesday. Ashlin and Ryan are among 102 top youth volunteers from across the country being honored in the nation’s capital this week for outstanding volunteer service.
Today on Capitol Hill, Senator Corker met with members of the Tennessee Bankers Association to discuss the economy, housing finance reform and other issues affecting community banks.
Sen. Corker is participating in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing now on "Countering Russian Intervention and Supporting a Democratic State” in Ukraine. Watch it live here: 1.usa.gov/Ox5qQX
Senator Corker met with the Tennessee Hospital Association this afternoon to discuss issues important to their organization, including how Obamacare is affecting their patients. The group also praised the senator for his recent work to help secure a portion of TennCare’s waiver request, ensuring Tennessee hospitals can continue to provide uninsured and low-income patients with vital health care services. To read more about TennCare’s waiver request, click here: http://1.usa.gov/QIkhu5.
Senator Corker’s office welcomed Tennessean and YouTube sensation Kid President – also known as Robby Novak, 10 – to Capitol Hill today. Following a tour of the U.S. Capitol, Novak toured Corker’s office and spoke with the senator, who is in Tennessee today, by phone.  “Our office was proud to welcome Robby, a fellow Tennessean, to Capitol Hill,” said Corker. “His focus on making the world a better place has inspired children and adults all across the country, and candidly, Washington could learn a thing or two from Robby about bringing people together. I thank him for the example he is setting and wish him all the best in the future.”  During his visit, Novak also received a handwritten letter from Senator Corker.   “We’ve got some more work to do. There’s still lots of problems to solve – and you’re the guy to do it. Let’s keep bringing people together,” wrote Corker in his letter to Kid President.
Senator Corker made the following statement on the jobs report released today by the Department of Labor.  “I am pleased the economy is showing some concrete signs of improvement,” said Corker. “Economic growth leads to good paying jobs for Tennesseans and families across the country, so Congress and the administration still must work to put in place sound fiscal policies that focus on addressing our country’s long-term fiscal solvency and getting more Americans back into the workplace to unleash sustained economic growth.”  According to the report, the economy added 288,000 jobs in April and the national unemployment rate fell from 6.7 percent to 6.3 percent.
Senator Bob Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, today introduced legislation with 20 Senate Republicans providing a strategic U.S. response to deter Russian aggression in Europe, which threatens regional security and prosperity that is critical for maintaining economic growth in the United States.  “Rather than react to events as they unfold, which has been the policy of this administration, we need to inflict more direct consequences on Russia prior to Vladimir Putin taking additional steps that will be very difficult to undo,” said Corker. “Our legislation takes a three-prong approach to prevent the situation from becoming far worse. This bill will strengthen NATO, impose tough sanctions to deter Russia and support non-NATO allies of Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia.” Read more about the legislation here: http://1.usa.gov/Sb0QKZ   
Senator Corker met with Rhodes College (Memphis) students Luke Spinolo and Mark Sellers this afternoon to discuss the importance of undergraduate research. Luke and Mark were on Capitol Hill for the Council on Undergraduate Research’s 18th annual “Posters on the Hill” event, a competitive national contest that provides undergraduate students the opportunity to present their research to members of Congress, their staffs, and federal agency representatives.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the severe weather across Tennessee and other parts of the country last night. Thank you to our first responders and local and state officials working hard to provide support during this time. My office stands ready to offer any assistance we can. With more storms expected this afternoon across Middle Tennessee, please continue to monitor local weather reports and take appropriate precautions. For a complete list of watches, warnings and advisories for the Volunteer State, click here: http://alerts.weather.gov/cap/tn.php?x=1.
Senator Corker will be on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports today at 12:20 p.m. ET to discuss the latest on the U.S. response to the crisis in Ukraine.
Senator Corker will be on CBS’s Face the Nation with Bob Schieffer on Sunday to discuss the crisis in Ukraine.  Check local listings for the air time in your area: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW
Sen. Corker today made the following statement regarding the Obama administration's failure to enforce the threat of new sanctions despite Russia's continued interference in eastern Ukraine and refusal to take any steps to implement the Geneva agreement that was supposed to de-escalate the crisis: "President Putin is only emboldened by empty rhetoric, so it is time for the administration to back up their talk by immediately putting in place tough sanctions against Russian banks and energy companies," said Corker. "Right now, the feeling on the ground is that Putin is more committed to the failure of Ukraine’s struggling democracy than the West is to its success, and only forceful and immediate action like this can begin to change that dynamic.  In addition, the United States must develop a long-term strategy to counter Russian aggression in Europe since the impact of Putin's interference extends far beyond Ukraine." http://1.usa.gov/1gXbN8j
Today in The Wall Street Journal Asia, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, writes about President Obama’s Asia trip this week and what is at stake for U.S. credibility in the Asia-Pacific region.  “The stakes for U.S. interests couldn't be higher in the region: China continues its coercive and aggressive behavior in the East and South China Seas; North Korean provocations persist; relations between Japan and South Korea remain strained; and Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade negotiations continue to face hurdles due to inaction in the United States Congress,” writes Corker.  “While there are many important bilateral and regional issues for the U.S. president to discuss on his visit to the Asia-Pacific, there are three key messages I hope he will convey…” Read more: http://on.wsj.com/1h5LAI7
Senator Corker released the following statement regarding the UAW withdrawing its appeal of February’s election at Chattanooga’s Volkswagen (VW) plant:  "This 11th hour reversal by the UAW affirms what we have said all along -- that their objection was nothing more than a sideshow to draw attention away from their stinging loss in Chattanooga. Many have felt the UAW never really wanted another election in the near term because they knew they would lose by an even larger margin, based on widespread knowledge of the UAW's problematic track record throughout the country, which the workers at Volkswagen have been able to see firsthand over recent months. Fortunately, the majority of workers at Volkswagen's Chattanooga plant realized they were only dollar signs to the UAW’s self-survival. It's a shame the UAW slowed the momentum on our expansion conversations with Volkswagen, but now it's time for VW, our state and our community to re-engage and move forward with bringing additional jobs to Chattanooga," said Corker.  As mayor of Chattanooga from 2001-2005, Corker worked with officials and community leaders to develop the 1,200 acre Enterprise South Industrial Park, which is now home to Volkswagen's North American manufacturing headquarters. Much of the negotiation that led to Volkswagen choosing Chattanooga occurred around the dining room table of Corker’s Chattanooga home.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will discuss the crisis in Ukraine this morning on NBC's "Meet the Press." To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://nbcnews.to/1gQAbMd.
Senator Corker will discuss the crisis in Ukraine Sunday morning on @meetthepress. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://nbcnews.to/1gQAbMd.
In a letter to the president and prime minister of the Democratic Republic of Congo yesterday, Senator Corker joined congressional leaders in requesting an end to delays in processing the adoptions of 460 Congolese children by American families. The bipartisan letter, signed by more than 170 lawmakers from the Senate and House of Representatives, asks the Congolese government to expedite the process for children with health risks and to issue exit permits for adoptions that were approved prior to September 25, 2013 or were finalized on or after that date.     “It is in this spirit of goodwill and respect that we, the undersigned Members of the United States Congress, write to ask for your help in resolving the over 460 adoption cases of Congolese children who either have been adopted or are in the process of being adopted by American families, yet who are unable to obtain exit permits due to a recent DRC suspension,” wrote Corker and other congressional leaders. “While we work together to ensure that all Congolese children are protected, we hope you will consider allowing the hundreds of American families who have legally completed the adoption process to move forward. The unexpected delay in the completion of these adoptions has resulted in over 460 children continuing to languish in institutions without the care of a permanent family.”  Advocacy groups indicate at least 23 families in Tennessee are affected by the DRC’s halt on adoptions. Senator Corker’s office has heard from a number of them who remain unable to bring their adopted children home. In addition to meeting with State Department officials, including the U.S. ambassador, and the ambassador of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Corker’s staff also has met with several families in various stages of the adoption process and continues to see how to provide further assistance that will eventually bring these children to the United States.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1eHKbs5.
With European Union ministers to discuss new sanctions against Russia today, Senator Corker sent a letter to President Barack Obama on Saturday calling on the U.S. to show leadership and impose additional sanctions on Russian-owned companies as a deterrent to further Russian military intervention in Ukraine.   “Rather than wait for a Russian invasion of eastern Ukraine to implement additional sanctions, which seems to be U.S. policy at the moment, we must take action now that will help prevent this worst-case scenario before it becomes a reality,” said Corker in the letter to the president. “Unless Russia ends its destabilization of eastern Ukraine and drastically reduces troop levels on the Ukrainian border immediately, further sanctions against strategic sectors of the Russian economy, particularly targeting Gazprom and additional important financial institutions, should be imposed within days...Our European allies need to see action, leadership, and resolve from the United States.” http://1.usa.gov/1gvCxjs
Today at 9:30 a.m. ET, Senator Corker is participating in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah. Watch it live here: http://1.usa.gov/Ox5qQX
In an appearance on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown,” Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, called for “another shot across the bow” to deter Russia from further intervention in Ukraine and urged the Obama administration to begin implementing the president’s executive order authorizing sanctions against sectors of the Russian economy. Russian troops remain amassed on the Ukrainian border, and yesterday Secretary of State John Kerry accused Russia of “clear and unmistakable involvement” in provoking unrest in Eastern Ukraine, which could be a pretext for an invasion.  “The president has the ability to put in place sectoral sanctions,” said Corker. “We have this massive troop buildup. We know [Russian] black ops folks are operating inside Ukraine fomenting the unrest…, and yet we still have not done those things to inflict pain. We’ve become very concerned that Russia doesn’t believe the U.S. ever will.  There are some sectoral sanctions…that we can put in place. Not the whole thing at one time, but for instance, naming another three or four banks now, financial institutions now, with this troop buildup…I do think another shot across the bow that would affect economically their country is an important thing to do.” http://bit.ly/1sABowa 
Live now on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown” with Chuck Todd, Sen. Corker is discussing the latest on Ukraine and Russia.
Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. ET on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown” with Chuck Todd, Sen. Corker will discuss the latest on Ukraine and Russia.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 180 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Senator Corker praised committee passage of the Tennessee Wilderness Act (S. 1294), which was reported out of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee today. The Tennessee Wilderness Act, introduced by Corker and Senator Lamar Alexander last July, would designate nearly 20,000 acres in six areas of the Cherokee National Forest as wilderness.  “Tennesseans take great pride in the fact that millions of people visit our state every year to experience our incredible God-given outdoors, and this legislation would ensure the Cherokee National Forest is preserved for future generations,” Corker said. “I thank Senator Alexander for his lifelong commitment to protecting wilderness areas, and I’m hopeful the full Senate will consider and pass this legislation in the near future.”  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1ef84HI.
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, Sen. Corker will participate in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with Secretary of State John Kerry.  Watch it live here: http://1.usa.gov/Ox5qQX
Senator Corker joined 34 of his Senate Republican colleagues yesterday in sending a letter to the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), seeking clarification regarding the recent announcement that NTIA intends to relinquish responsibility of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions, the system for assigning website addresses, to the global multistakeholder community.  “With the Internet playing an increasingly critical role in providing economic and educational opportunity for Americans as well as powerfully promoting liberty abroad, the United States must ensure the Internet remains free and open, and out of the hands of foreign governments or bad actors,” Corker said.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1j6tMwe.
Senator Corker congratulates Tori Ruis of La Vergne High School in Rutherford County for being named Tennessee’s Assistant Principal of the Year by the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 50 Tennesseans at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click here: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
On Tuesday, Senators Corker and Alexander announced that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) has granted a portion of TennCare’s waiver request that provides Tennessee an additional $80 million for the Essential Access Hospital payments in the absence of Tennessee Medicaid disproportionate share hospital (DSH) program funding for this current fiscal year. The waiver also adds Erlanger Medical Center in Chattanooga to the Public Hospital Supplemental Payment (PHSP) Pool, which includes $30 million of funding for the hospital.  “I’m pleased CMS has granted a portion of TennCare’s waiver request, ensuring Tennessee hospitals can continue to provide uninsured and low-income patients with vital health care services,” Corker said. “While this partial waiver is only a temporary fix, I remain committed to working with Senator Alexander to find a permanent solution as soon as possible so Tennessee patients, doctors and hospitals are not faced with this uncertainty each year.”  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/QIkhu5.
Senator Corker met with a number of Tennesseans visiting Capitol Hill this week, including members of the American Legion Department of Tennessee, the Arnold Community Council, the Greater Nashville Regional Council, and students, teachers, and parents from Goodpasture Christian School (Madison).
Senator Corker met with 8th grade students from Goodpasture Christian School this morning on Capitol Hill.
Senator Corker will discuss Ukraine today on MSNBC’s “Daily Rundown” at 9:15 a.m. ET.  http://on.msnbc.com/1j544LH
Senator Corker is participating in a hearing today about U.S. policy to resolve the conflict in Syria after recent peace talks in Geneva failed.  Vali Nasr of Johns Hopkins University will testify on the need for a new U.S. diplomatic approach to end the conflict, which U.S. intelligence officials say is now a direct threat to the U.S. homeland.  Watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1m6wa6J.
Senator Corker traveled throughout the state last week, holding 11 events across eight Tennessee counties. At events in Davidson, Coffee, Rutherford, Williamson, Montgomery, Wilson, Putnam, and Hamilton counties, the senator provided an update on his work to solve the big issues facing our nation.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will discuss the crisis in Ukraine this morning on Fox News Sunday. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Senator Corker will discuss the crisis in Ukraine tomorrow morning on Fox News Sunday. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm. 
I am proud to congratulate Niman and Daniel on being chosen as delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program. One of our state’s greatest assets is its citizens, and it is inspiring to see young people take an interest in public service so early in life. I thank them for the example they are setting and wish them all the best in the future.  Read more about the United States Senate Youth Program here: http://1.usa.gov/1cBxu16.
Today at 11:15 a.m. ET, Sen. Corker will participate in hearing on the State Department’s national interest determination on completion of the Keystone XL pipeline that would bring 800,000 barrels of oil per day from Canada to refineries on the Gulf Coast and create thousands of U.S. jobs.  Gen. Jim Jones, former National Security Advisor for President Obama, will testify in support of the pipeline, citing the project’s benefits for U.S. national security.  “Building the Canada-to-U.S. Keystone XL oil pipeline is more than a choice about energy. It's a choice about keeping America strong and secure and maintaining its place as a world leader,” Jones wrote in a recent op-ed.  Watch the hearing:  http://1.usa.gov/1iEszzf
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, today made the following statement regarding the committee’s passage of bipartisan legislation in response to the crisis in Ukraine. The bill, which passed 14-3, will support Ukraine’s political and economic transition without adding to the debt and impose sanctions on those who threaten Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity.  “This bill cements more fully 60 years of U.S. national interests to ensure Europe remains democratic, whole and free.  I believe we’re at a defining moment right now, where our friends and allies are watching to see if we’re going to do those things that are appropriate to protect Ukraine’s sovereignty, and I think this bill absolutely meets that test,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/1fUwsOg
Starting now: Senator Corker will participate in a markup on Ukraine aid and sanctions legislation.  Watch it live: http://1.usa.gov/1idToYc
Senator Corker met with a number of Tennesseans visiting Capitol Hill this week, including a group of Tennesseans who were in Washington for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee’s (AIPAC) annual policy conference, students from Christian Brothers High School (Memphis), and students from Boyd-Buchanan School (Chattanooga).
Appearing on Fox News Channel’s Fox & Friends to discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga workers’ recent vote against representation by the United Auto Workers (UAW) union, Senator Corker said it would be “unprecedented” if the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) overturns the decision of employees at the plant due to comments by elected officials.    “The workers realized that there was just nothing the UAW had to offer. They were there because of money. They were there because of dues. [The employees] already made more than what UAW workers in other plants with the same length of service were making,” said Corker. “Now the UAW is appealing… saying we interfered somehow by sharing concerns with our community. It will be unprecedented if the National Labor Relations Board overrules for that reason.”   Corker went on to discuss the double standard he and other Republican elected officials are being held to, noting that President Obama weighed in on behalf of the UAW during the three-day voting period.   “The president weighed in during the election process also,” said Corker. “For me to express concerns about what it would mean to our community and our state over time is something that I think people elect me to do. This is an interesting case. Hopefully – even though this is [President] Obama’s NLRB, these are his appointees – hopefully they will do the right thing here and not try to muzzle people who are elected by people in their state.”   Watch the interview here: http://youtu.be/ccSTKLTP9xk.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be on Fox & Friends this morning at 7:40 a.m. ET to discuss the recent UAW election at the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga and the upcoming NLRB ruling. To learn more, read the senator’s The Wall Street Journal op-ed here: http://on.wsj.com/1pXGvFh.
Today I released the following statement regarding the president’s Fiscal Year 2015 budget proposal: “I think everyone understands that this budget proposal is not a serious document and will have no effect on policy. Unfortunately, the administration continues to be unwilling to deal with the critical issue of putting our fiscal house in order.” Last year, U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and I introduced the Fiscal Sustainability Act, S. 11, to reduce the growth of entitlement spending (Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security) by nearly $1 trillion in the next decade in order to improve the programs’ solvency. The bill incorporates many of the recommendations made by President Obama’s Debt Commission (Simpson-Bowles) as well as by former Republican Senator Pete Domenici and Alice Rivlin, budget director for former President Clinton.
In The Wall Street Journal today, Senator Corker discusses the recent United Auto Workers (UAW) election at the Volkswagen plant in his hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and warns of the high stakes of an upcoming National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) ruling on an appeal filed by the UAW. “The National Labor Relations Board soon will have to decide whether to follow years of precedent and let the vote of the workers stand—or whether it will try to muzzle elected officials and prevent them from weighing in on issues of critical importance to the communities they represent, possibly because the members of the NLRB did not like the outcome of a vote by workers. The nation will be watching this ruling closely,” writes Corker. Read more: http://on.wsj.com/1pXGvFh.
In case you missed, you can read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here (http://1.usa.gov/1c1MKUP) and sign up to receive weekly updates from the senator by clicking here (http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj).
Vladimir Putin is seizing a neighboring territory - again - so President Obama must lead a meaningful, unified response with our European allies to bring an immediate halt to these provocative Russian actions, which threaten international peace and security. The Russian government has felt free to intervene militarily in Ukraine because the United States, along with Europe, has failed to make clear there would be serious, potentially irreparable consequences to such action. The United States and our European allies should immediately bring to bear all elements of our collective economic strength to stop Russian advances in Ukraine. Congress will consider targeted sanctions against Russian persons and entities that undermine the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine.
On "Shine a Light on Slavery Day" sponsored by the END IT Movement, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, today expressed support for U.S. and international efforts to stop human trafficking. "It may be hard to believe in this day and age, but millions of people around the world are imprisoned in modern day slavery. The scourge of human trafficking that hurts the most vulnerable people, particularly women and children, is a heartbreaking global reality, destroying millions of lives while also funding crime and terrorism that threaten security and stability around the world. I join all those speaking out in support of making sure the U.S. and the international community are using effective tools to end it now," said Corker. #enditmovement
Appearing on CNBC’s "Squawk Box" to discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga workers’ recent vote against representation by the United Auto Workers (UAW) union, Senator Corker questioned whether the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) will try to "muzzle" elected officials from weighing in on issues important to their communities. Last Friday, February 21, the UAW filed an appeal with the NLRB regarding the election.  "Now this is going to the National Labor Relations Board, something that the president controls. The question will be: will they try to muzzle or keep a United States senator, a governor or a state legislator from being able to express their views?" said Corker. "The fact is, if I cannot weigh in on things that I know to be true, if I cannot weigh in on the experiences that I've had with the UAW and their path of job destruction in our community when something like this is being discussed, what can I do? It's going to be an interesting debate over the next period of time as to whether the National Labor Relations Board holds to what it has done for 50 years, that people like me can weigh in, or whether they will try to muzzle people like me who are trying to look out for their community."  Watch the full interview here: http://bit.ly/1gznu5l. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1efjcCh. 
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga’s rejection of the UAW on CNBC’s Squawk Box this morning at 7:30 a.m. ET.
This afternoon, the UAW filed an appeal with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) on last week’s election at Chattanooga’s Volkswagen plant.  The workers at Chattanooga's Volkswagen plant spoke very clearly last week, so we are disappointed the UAW is ignoring their decision and has filed this objection. Unfortunately, I have to assume that today's action may slow down Volkswagen’s final discussions on the new SUV line. This complaint affirms the point many of us have been making: that the UAW is only interested in its own survival and not the interests of the great employees at Chattanooga’s Volkswagen facility nor the company for which they work.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Corker discussed his work in the Senate, his career in business, and his path to public service with C-SPAN’s Steve Scully. Watch the "American Profile" interview here: http://cs.pn/1bLGNLS.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will discuss Volkswagen Chattanooga’s rejection of the UAW with Bill Hemmer on Fox News Channel’s America’s Newsroom this morning around 9:05 a.m. ET.
Tonight, the employees at the Volkswagen factory in Chattanooga voted against representation by the United Auto Workers union. Needless to say, I am thrilled for the employees at Volkswagen and for our community and its future.   As mayor of Chattanooga from 2001-2005, we worked with officials and community leaders to develop the 1,200 acre Enterprise South Industrial Park, which is now the location of Volkswagen's North American manufacturing headquarters. Much of the negotiation that led to Volkswagen choosing Chattanooga occurred around my dining room table at our home in Chattanooga.
Senator Corker’s Washington, Tri-Cities, Knoxville and Chattanooga offices are closed today due to weather. If you need assistance, please contact our Nashville, Jackson or Memphis office. For complete contact information, visit: http://1.usa.gov/1jBr6Jn. 
This morning, Senator Corker met with Major General Max Haston of the Tennessee National Guard in his Washington, D.C. office.
Senator Corker released the following statement after the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office announced today that the U.S. will add over $9 trillion in new debt and nearly double Medicare and Social Security spending over the next ten years. The report also finds that the health care law will continue to negatively impact economic growth and result in 2.5 million fewer Americans working in the next decade.  “Today’s CBO report gives a sobering outlook on our economy.  It confirms what we’ve known all along: The health care law is having a tremendously negative impact on economic growth, while entitlement spending continues to drive our nation’s debt to historic levels. Reforming Medicare and Social Security so they are strong and solvent is the only way to put our country on a sound fiscal path that will allow for continued growth and prosperity,” said Corker.   http://1.usa.gov/1kOjykj 
Today at 1 p.m. ET, Senator Corker will discuss the Iran nuclear negotiations on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports.”
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, Senator Corker participates in a hearing on negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program.  Watch it live now: http://1.usa.gov/1eQix6g
TUNE IN: Today, Senator Corker will join Chuck Todd on MSNBC’s “The Daily Rundown” at 9:35 a.m. ET, CNBC’s “Squawk on the Street” at 11:45 a.m. ET and Chris Matthews on MSNBC’s “Hardball” at 7:00 p.m. ET to preview the State of the Union.
Senator Corker made the following statement yesterday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The federal holiday honoring King is today, Monday, January 20.  “Dr. King had a tremendous vision of what our country could be, and he also had the courage to stand up and pursue it,” said Corker. “As we honor his legacy, his example reminds all of us to pursue public service in a way that ensures we leave behind a better country for future generations.”
On this “Throwback Thursday,” Senator Corker wishes former University of Tennessee and current Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning good luck this weekend in the AFC Championship. In this 2007 photo, Corker meets with Manning in his Washington, D.C. office. To follow the senator on Instagram, visit http://instagram.com/senbobcorker. #TBT
Senator Corker today voted against final passage of a $1.012 trillion discretionary spending bill:  “I cannot support a funding bill that violates the only real progress we have made in getting our fiscal house in order over the past several years. Instead of building on the gains we made in 2011, limiting discretionary spending, I’m very disappointed the Executive Branch and Congress continue to push for higher spending levels, like those contained in this bill, without enacting meaningful changes to mandatory programs that our country so desperately needs,” said Corker.
Senators Corker and Alexander host Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast, each week the Senate is in session. This morning, Senator Corker spoke with representatives from the Tennessee Housing Development Agency about his bill (http://bit.ly/CorkerWarner) to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. For more information on Tennessee Tuesday, visit: http://bit.ly/TNTuesday.
Today at 1:15 p.m. ET on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports, Sen. Corker will discuss implementation of the interim nuclear deal with Iran.
Yesterday, Senators Alexander and Corker introduced in the Senate legislation by Rep. John J. Duncan, Jr. that would award former University of Tennessee women’s basketball coach Pat Summitt the Congressional Gold Medal. The Duncan legislation is also cosponsored by the entire Tennessee House delegation.  Corker said, “The Congressional Gold Medal is awarded to America’s most distinguished citizens, and there is perhaps no one in America who has made a more indelible mark on their profession and in their community than Pat Summitt.  She set a historic record of achievement in her 38 years as head coach of the Lady Vols, an achievement that is only surpassed by her positive impact on the lives of the women she’s coached. No longer on the sidelines, Coach Summitt has taken her enthusiasm to pursue a new crusade: supporting Alzheimer’s awareness.  She is most deserving of this honor, and we are grateful as Tennesseans for the lasting impact she has had on our state and our nation.” Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1lYXjXE
As the year comes to a close and we look toward 2014, I will continue to do everything I can to build momentum around solving the big issues facing our nation. It is a privilege to serve you in the United States Senate, and despite the challenges before us, we live in the greatest country in the world and have so much to be thankful for during this holiday season. I wish you and your family a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year.  -Senator Corker   Watch here: http://youtu.be/6emo6pYkGAQ.
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, today announced he cannot support Senate approval of the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD), citing concerns that U.S. ratification could undermine the constitutional balance between the state and federal governments and the legitimacy of our democratic processes.  In doing so, Corker urged the U.S. to pursue different means of advocating for the rights of the disabled throughout the world.   “Ultimately, I’m unable to vote for a treaty that could undermine our Constitution and the legitimacy of our democratic process as the appropriate means for making decisions about the treatment of our citizens,” said Corker.  “I’m disappointed I can’t support the treaty, but I stand ready to look at other ways to enhance ongoing U.S. efforts to improve circumstances for the disabled both at home and around the world.”  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1bWav9J
Today, Senator Corker announced he will vote against the budget deal before the Senate because it busts budget caps without making meaningful changes to mandatory programs.  He stated, “Because of the Budget Control Act, for three years in a row, Congress has spent less on discretionary programs than the year before.  While I appreciate the dilemma Paul Ryan was in, it's disappointing the misguided strategy of the House this fall weakened our hand on fiscal issues and that House appropriators indicated they were unwilling to live within the budget discipline laid out in the sequester.   So with the afterglow of the ‘bipartisan’ deal fading, I think everyone can see this budget deal busts the budget caps by $45,000,000,000 in the first year alone without making meaningful changes to mandatory programs, violating the only real progress we have made in getting our fiscal house in order and demonstrating that Congress continues to lack the discipline to control spending even in this small way.  Spending now and paying later is the cause of our deficit problems, not the solution.”  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1kSshjv
During a Senate Banking Committee hearing on negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program, Senator Corker said the interim agreement requires “no sacrifice” of Iran and that the sanctions relief being offered by the U.S. risks creating “a rush” to do business with Iran.  “Once you begin loosening sanctions, and people begin to see that Iran is now going to become not a rogue country but part of the international community…there is a rush…to do business with them.  And I think that’s why we’re all concerned that we did an interim deal that has no sacrifice on their part whatsoever,” said Corker.  “Obviously, we’re disappointed but hopeful that somehow you can put the genie back in the bottle and end up with some type of agreement that averts warfare.  Because of all of us do want this to succeed.  We just don’t know how we get there with an interim deal framed in this way.” More available here: http://1.usa.gov/19kA5cm
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Senator Corker’s Washington office thanks to handmade ornaments from Carter’s Valley Elementary School in Church Hill, Tennessee. If you’ll be in Washington this holiday season, please feel free to stop by our office, which is located in room number 425 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building on Capitol Hill.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/1iPPfMw. Interested in receiving updates from the senator each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Senator Corker completed a three-nation trip to the Middle East today in Bahrain where he continued to assess U.S. diplomatic and security relations in the Gulf region.  During his visit to Bahrain, he met American service members deployed to Bahrain with the U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet, including Commander Vice Admiral John W. Miller and sailors and marines from Tennessee.  For more about his trip, visit: 1.usa.gov/ISvMv0
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding the passing of former South African President Nelson Mandela.  “As an inspirational leader, Nelson Mandela brought about a better way of life for his people of South Africa and inspired millions throughout the world.  While we are all saddened by his passing, his personal story and contributions to freedom, democracy, and human rights will live on forever,” said Corker. 1.usa.gov/1cZZCWQ
On CBS’ “Face the Nation” today, Senator Corker said Americans will likely experience a lot of “negative surprises” as they continue to enroll in Obamacare.  “We all get calls from incredibly distressed citizens who have had their policies cancelled yet are unable to enroll in a new plan….At the end of the day, while there will be a few winners, most Americans are going to find a less dynamic health system, and they're going to find that the cost of the health care they're able to purchase is going to be a lot higher.  They're also going to realize that their choices are far less,” said Corker.  “Unfortunately as people enroll I think there's going to be a lot of negative surprises as to what they're able to enroll in.” More available here: http://1.usa.gov/1iqdKjc.
Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" this morning. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
At events in Jackson yesterday, Senator Corker discussed his work to solve the big problems facing our country. He began the day at the Army Aviation Support National Guard Unit where he toured the facility and met with over 40 Army National Guard Technicians. Later, he met with business and community leaders at a lunchtime meeting of the Rotary Club of Jackson-Old Hickory and addressed an event co-hosted by the West Tennessee Home Builders Association and the Central West Tennessee Association of Realtors. Corker will continue his travels throughout Tennessee today with stops in Knoxville and Oak Ridge. Read more about yesterday’s events via The Jackson Sun | jacksonsun.com: http://bit.ly/If0Ggw.
On Fox News Sunday today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, said Congress should hold the Obama administration’s “feet to the fire” over the interim deal with Iran to ensure it does not become a final agreement.  He also raised concerns about the interim deal granting tacit approval for Iran to continue enriching uranium, which violates six U.N. Security Council resolutions.  “Iran has consolidated their gains and have sanctions relief. I think all of us want to see a diplomatic solution here. I think it’s now time for Congress to weigh in because I think people are very concerned that the interim deal becomes the norm, and that’s why I've crafted legislation to hold the administration and the international community's feet to the fire over the next six months to ensure that this interim deal is not the norm.  But look, I think we all greet it with skepticism,” said Corker. http://youtu.be/SypuzSOQ0bc
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be on Fox News Sunday this morning to discuss the latest on Iran. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be a guest on Fox News Sunday tomorrow morning. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Following an announcement that the Senate will consider Iran legislation in December, Senator Corker introduced a bill setting conditions for an acceptable final agreement with Iran that would restrict sanctions relief until Iran agrees to eliminate the threat of its nuclear program.  “It’s important for the Senate to proceed with this debate and keep the pressure on Iran during negotiations over their illicit nuclear program,” said Corker.  “Toward that end, I've offered legislation that would ensure Iran is in full compliance with any interim agreement and agrees to the essential terms of an acceptable final deal before the U.S. could further lift sanctions.  It would further cause any sanctions relieved in the interim to snap back if Iran violates any of its commitments under such an agreement.  We all want diplomacy to succeed, so I look forward to working with my colleagues and with the administration to support a successful outcome in these negotiations that are critical for the peace and security of the U.S. and the world.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1ekmrq2
Senator Corker made the following statement after a meeting at the White House to discuss negotiations with Iran.  “Democrats have procedurally blocked the Senate from taking any action on Iran this week.  As such, we will closely monitor what happens in Geneva and examine the details of any interim deal.  After leaving the meeting at the White House today, I am still concerned we will trade away our leverage without ever forcing Iran to fully comply with its existing international obligations.  Because the Obama administration has not articulated an end-state for the Iranian nuclear program, I am also concerned the interim deal will become the final deal,” said Corker. “Congress must develop a bipartisan course of action that keeps the pressure on Iran and results in a final agreement that stops Iran from developing a nuclear weapon.” http://1.usa.gov/1bOeGIH
Today at 1pm ET on CNN with Wolf Blitzer, Sen. Corker will talk about his meeting at the White House on Iran.
Senator Corker said legislation unanimously passed by the Senate today will reinforce PEPFAR’s (the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief) success in combating HIV and AIDS globally. PEPFAR was initiated by President George W. Bush.  “PEPFAR has saved millions of lives in the global fight against HIV/AIDS, and this legislation will help reinforce those gains as the program transitions from an emergency U.S.-led effort to one in which recipient countries increasingly sustain the program themselves,” said Corker.  Read more: http://t.co/KDbiCpnwsu.
Senator Corker today made the following statement after the Senate passed legislation to make injections of compounded sterile drugs safer. “The improved oversight included in this legislation will help prevent another deadly meningitis outbreak that infected hundreds of Americans and killed 16 Tennesseans in 2012.  I thank Senator Alexander for his leadership on this issue and hope the president will quickly sign these reforms into law,” said Corker.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1aCeGdG
Senator Corker released the following statement today in reaction to President Obama announcing administrative changes to his health care law.    “I’m glad President Obama is attempting to make good on a promise he made repeatedly to the American people, but it only offers temporary relief. Those who have received cancellation notices will likely receive them again a year from now,” said Corker. “So while this administrative action will provide some needed, temporary relief to a number of Americans, the fundamental problems with Obamacare go far beyond a broken website and cancellation notices. Because of the way the law is constructed, this fix may even cause other problematic consequences.”  In an interview on WKIM Newstalk 98.9’s “Talk Memphis” radio show prior to the president’s announcement, Corker discussed a number of problems Tennesseans are facing due to Obamacare.  “Tennesseans and Americans all across this country [are under] tremendous emotional distress as their policies have been canceled. They cannot get on the exchange to buy a new one, but even when they do, in many cases, they are realizing the cost of what they are having to purchase is far more than they ever anticipated,” said Corker.   Read more: http://1.usa.gov/HTrUsS.
Senator Corker made the following statement in honor of Veterans Day: “It is humbling to be in the presence of our nation’s veterans and active duty service members, and I feel like the best way I can honor their service and their families’ sacrifices is to wake up every day working to solve the big problems facing our nation to ensure the continued greatness of the country they have fought to protect.”  Over the past year, Corker’s office, working in partnership with members of the Tennessee congressional delegation, local officials and veterans service organizations, organized a series of “Rally Point” events to provide veterans and their families with a one-stop shop to access local resources. Close to 1,500 Tennesseans have attended Rally Point events in Knoxville, Cookeville, Jackson, Gallatin and Chattanooga.
In an appearance on NBC’s “Meet the Press” today, Senator Corker raised concerns about the Obama administration potentially “dealing away” U.S. leverage in negotiations with Iran by prematurely lifting sanctions as part of a partial agreement that does not halt Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon.  “A partial agreement leads us down the same path we went down with North Korea, where just to get people to act right…you continue to reduce sanctions. So, again, a lot of concerns about the approach. A lot of us want to see it resolved diplomatically. We know the sanctions got us here, and we’re worried we’re dealing away our leverage.” Watch the video: bit.ly/1dWhGCY
TUNE IN: Sen. Corker will be a guest on NBC’s “Meet the Press” this morning to discuss Iran. Click here for local listings: nbcnews.to/1dSHYpz
Tune In: Senator Corker will be on NBC’s Meet The Press tomorrow, Sunday, November 10th .  Click here to find local airtimes: http://nbcnews.to/1dSHYpz
It’s “Throwback Thursday” on Instagram! To follow Senator Corker, visit instagram.com/senbobcorker. DID YOU KNOW?: In 1994, Senator Corker was appointed Tennessee Commissioner of Finance and Administration, where he served for two years. As commissioner, he tightened the state’s budget and helped move almost 40,000 Tennesseans off welfare and into jobs. #tbt
Senator Corker today applauded the U.S. Army’s decision to delay closure of Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs at East Tennessee State University, Tennessee Technology University and the University of Tennessee at Martin. “I applaud the Secretary of the Army's decision to delay closure of three Army ROTC programs in Tennessee, and I am proud to have worked with my colleagues to resolve this issue,” said Corker. “For generations, these programs have produced some of our nation’s best and brightest military leaders, and I’m glad our universities will have time to demonstrate their ability to meet the continuing needs of the Army.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1aG4bbE.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: “U.S. Sen. Bob Corker of Chattanooga and all of the staffers in his Washington and Tennessee offices who buy health insurance will purchase it through one of the federal [#Obamacare] exchanges…” Read more at the Knoxville News Sentinel: http://bit.ly/1dNkIcH.
Senator Corker is a cosponsor of S. 1617, the If You Like Your Health Care Plan You Can Keep It Act. The bill, introduced by Senator Ron Johnson, R-Wis., and cosponsored by 37 Republican senators, would provide relief from Obamacare standards for current health care policies, giving Americans the freedom to keep their current health care plans if they so choose. How has Obamacare affected you, your family, or small business? We invite you to share your story here: http://www.republican.senate.gov/yourstory.
In a letter today to Secretary of State John Kerry, Senator Corker, R-Tenn., ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, raised concerns about inconsistencies in new civilian nuclear cooperation agreements (known as “123 agreements”) with other countries threatening U.S. nuclear non-proliferation goals.  A recently completed agreement between the U.S. and Vietnam, for example, could permit future enrichment and reprocessing (ENR) of spent nuclear fuel in direct conflict with the “gold standard” previously established in a similar arrangement with the United Arab Emirates where ENR was explicitly denied as a means of preventing civilian nuclear capabilities from being diverted to a weapons program.  “The administration’s acceptance of enrichment and reprocessing (ENR) capabilities in new agreements with countries where no ENR capability currently exists is inconsistent and confusing, potentially compromising our nation’s non-proliferation policies and goals,” Corker said.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/HoXpel
Today on Fox News’s “America’s Newsroom” at 9:35am ET, Sen. Corker will discuss his letter to Secretary of State John Kerry about attacks on Christians in Egypt 1.usa.gov/1a4QhQj
In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, Senators Bob Corker, Lamar Alexander and Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said recent reports of more frequent, targeted attacks against Coptic churches and individuals in Egypt “warrants a clear U.S. response.”  “Egypt’s Christian minority and their ability to worship are in danger. The situation warrants a clear U.S. response.  We are especially troubled by reports that Egyptian authorities have failed to respond to attacks on Christians and churches, or hold perpetrators accountable,” wrote the senators.  “It is our view that Egypt is part of a broader trend: religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia, particularly for Christians, are under assault.  The U.S. must respond to this challenge and continue to be a forceful defender of religious freedom throughout the world.  We recognize this is not an easy task.  We offer our support and stand prepared to work with you as you find ways to use U.S. influence to stop sectarian violence and end the persecution of Coptic Christians in Egypt.” Read more:  http://1.usa.gov/1a4QhQj
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: On Wednesday, Senator Corker voted for H.R. 2775, a bill to prevent default, temporarily fund the government and maintain the spending reductions in the Budget Control Act. “It is beyond belief that Congress chose to pursue an effort that had no chance of success and wasted time that could have been spent putting in place spending reforms that will make our country stronger. But I do consider it a victory that we forced adherence to the Budget Control Act spending restraints, which for the first time since the 1950s, have caused us to reduce total government spending for two consecutive years,” said Corker. “There’s much more work to do to get on a path to fiscal solvency, and I look forward to continuing that important work.” The Budget Control Act, passed by Congress and signed into law in 2011, helped reduce total government spending for two consecutive years. It will cause non-emergency discretionary spending to be decreased from $1.090 trillion in 2011 to $967 billion this year. In an interview on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” yesterday, Corker discussed the path forward to getting our nation’s fiscal house in order. Watch here: http://bit.ly/1ewFOvX.
Senator Corker made the following statement after voting for H.R. 2775, a bill to prevent default, temporarily fund the government and maintain the spending reductions in the Budget Control Act.   “It is beyond belief that Congress chose to pursue an effort that had no chance of success and wasted time that could have been spent putting in place spending reforms that will make our country stronger. But I do consider it a victory that we forced adherence to the Budget Control Act spending restraints, which for the first time since the 1950s, have caused us to reduce total government spending for two consecutive years,” said Corker. “There’s much more work to do to get on a path to fiscal solvency, and I look forward to continuing that important work.”  The Budget Control Act, passed by Congress and signed into law in 2011, helped reduce total government spending for two consecutive years. It will cause non-emergency discretionary spending to be decreased from $1.090 trillion in 2011 to $967 billion this year.
Today, Senator Corker, ranking member on the Foreign Relations Committee, was among 50 senators from both parties who sent a letter to President Obama announcing their opposition to the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty that Secretary of State John Kerry signed on behalf of the United States last month.  Corker previously warned the administration not to take an action to implement the accord, citing the Senate’s constitutional role in providing advise and consent on treaties.  “We urge you to notify the treaty depository that the U.S. does not intend to ratify the Arms Trade Treaty, and is therefore not bound by its obligations. As members of the Senate, we pledge to oppose the ratification of this treaty, and we give notice that we do not regard the U.S. as bound to uphold its object and purpose,” the letter states.  Read the full text here: http://1.usa.gov/1eopa1B
ICYMI: Corker Applauds Hankook Tire Company Multi-Million Dollar Investment in Clarksville http://1.usa.gov/H04hhf
Senator Corker said on Fox News' "America's Newsroom" today that it was “a major distraction” that Democrats would try to bust the budget caps as part of debt & budget discussions.  Corker further noted, "The reason you have these forcing moments is to reduce spending, to put in place spending reforms that make our nation stronger."
TUNE IN THIS MORNING: Sen. Corker will join NBC’s TODAY Show at 7 a.m. ET, MSNBC’s Morning Joe at 7:10 a.m. ET, CNBC’s Squawk Box at 8:10 a.m. ET and FOX News’ America’s Newsroom at 9:05 a.m. ET to discuss budget and debt discussions in Washington.
TOMORROW: Sen. Corker will join NBC’s TODAY Show at 7 a.m. ET, MSNBC’s Morning Joe at 7:10 a.m. ET, CNBC’s Squawk Box at 8:10 a.m. ET and FOX News’ America’s Newsroom at 9:05 a.m. ET to discuss budget and debt discussions in Washington.
Senator Corker said on Fox News Sunday today: It would be beyond belief…to back off from the [budget] disciplines that we put in place back in 2011.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Corker is on Fox News Sunday to talk about the latest in the budget and debt limit discussions
Senator Corker will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow (10/13) to discuss the latest in the budget and debt limit discussions.  Airtimes: http://fxn.ws/T2aQ7N
Senator Corker today voted against the motion to proceed to S. 1569, the Senate debt ceiling bill.  “The bill we considered today would have raised the debt ceiling for more than a year without implementing the spending restraints Congress needs to force us to deal with our fiscal issues, so I couldn’t support it..." Read more: http://1.usa.gov/GWu9KN
Today at 5pm ET on CNN’s “The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer, Senator Corker will talk about negotiations over the debt limit and the government shutdown.
Appearing on CNBC's Squawk Box today to discuss the nomination of Janet Yellen to head the Federal Reserve, Senator Corker, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, said he opposed her nomination in 2010 because of her lack of modesty regarding the Federal Reserve's role in the economy and does not believe her views have changed. "I felt like she was not very modest about the role of monetary policy in the economy. I don't see any evidence that's changed," Corker. Watch the interview here: http://bit.ly/16x7UW7.
On the Senate floor Wednesday, Senator Corker expressed concerns that the focus on the “shiny object,” the health care law, as it relates to the continuing resolution (CR) has taken attention off spending reductions and encouraged his colleagues not to “negotiate away the hard-won gains that we were able to put in place to reduce spending and to help make our country stronger.” http://youtu.be/9Ysmq91266M
Senate Corker participates in a Foreign Relations Committee hearing today on Iran at 10:00 a.m. ET.  Live stream: http://1.usa.gov/1btwKKs
I wanted to take the opportunity to share my position during what has been a confusing debate on the Senate floor over the last few days.  I am concerned about the negative effects the President’s health care reform law is having on our state, our country, and future generations.  I have continued to oppose Obamacare at every turn, including efforts to repeal and defund it.   Yesterday, I voted in support of advancing the House continuing resolution that would permanently defund Obamacare while funding the federal government.  After the defunding provision in the bill was struck by an amendment that I opposed, I voted against passage of the amended bill.  The bill, nonetheless, passed the Senate with only Democratic votes, and now moves back to the House.  In the House, Republicans have the majority and can make other good policy changes that continue the fight against Obamacare.  I hope the House can send something back to the Senate that will pass both chambers.  Some have suggested that it would be better to shut down the government rather than accept a bill that lacks the Obamacare defunding provision.  But this would be self-defeating: a shutdown would not prevent Obamacare’s implementation because the funding for it is almost entirely mandatory, meaning that it occurs regardless of a shutdown.  This tactic would only divert attention from the cascading reports of the very real consequences of the law for individuals, families and American businesses.    This doesn’t mean we say “game over.”  It means we work toward actual solutions that have a possibility of becoming a reality.  I look forward to the Senate taking up the bill again after the House improves it.  -Senator Corker
Senator Corker answering calls from Tennesseans about his support for today’s vote to defund Obamacare. Thank you for sharing your views with our office!
Senator Corker today made the following statement regarding the U.N. Security Council’s resolution on Syria’s chemical weapons.  “While we all want a verifiable diplomatic solution to Syria’s chemical weapons, the lack of enforcement measures makes me highly skeptical of Russia’s willingness to impose real consequences on Syria for non-compliance.  As Syria is given a chance to fulfill its obligations, it’s important that we reinforce our broader national interests for stability in Syria and reassure our allies of U.S. resolve to counter other threats, especially from Iran,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/188gycN
Asserting the Senate’s constitutional role on treaties, Senator Corker in a letter yesterday warned the Obama administration against taking any action to implement the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty without Senate advice and consent.  “The ATT raises significant legislative and constitutional questions.  Any act to implement this treaty, provisionally or otherwise, before the Congress provides its advice and consent would be inconsistent with the United States Constitution, law, and practice,” said Corker in his letter to President Obama.  Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16Y4gEn
FLASHBACK #TBT: February 2013: Senators Corker and Alexander introduced S.11, the Fiscal Sustainability Act, to reduce the growth of entitlement spending by nearly $1 trillion in the next decade in order to improve the programs’ insolvency. The bill incorporates many of the recommendations made by President Obama’s Debt Commission (Simpson-Bowles) as well as by former Republican Senator Pete Domenici and Alice Rivlin, budget director for former President Clinton. Senator Corker said the Congressional Budget Office’s Long-Term Budget Outlook released Tuesday reinforces that entitlement spending is driving our nation’s debt to unsustainable levels. According to the non-partisan report, federal spending for the major health care programs and Social Security would increase to a total of 14 percent of Gross Domestic Product by 2038, up from under 10 percent today. Total federal spending will grow rapidly as a percentage of GDP, reaching a record 26 percent in 2038. “This report shows once again that entitlement spending is driving our nation’s debt to unsustainable levels and crowding out productive investments our country could be making in things like infrastructure, research and development, and national security. As CBO notes, the typical Medicare beneficiary today receives about $200,000 more in benefits over their lifetime than they have paid into the Medicare system. Fixing this imbalance and others in Medicare and Social Security so they are strong and solvent, as Senator Alexander and I propose in the Fiscal Sustainability Act, is the only way to put our country on a sound fiscal path that will allow for continued growth and prosperity,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/1a1DEBY
Five years after TransCanada’s initial application for the Keystone XL pipeline, Senator Corker today said the Obama administration is now the only thing standing in the way of thousands of new jobs and access to a large supply of North American energy from completion of the pipeline.  The State Department has yet to approve construction of the final section of the pipeline, which, if completed, will have the capacity to transfer more than 800,000 barrels of oil per day from Canada to refineries on the Gulf Coast of the U.S.  “Despite five years of rigorous review and strong public support for completion of the pipeline, the Obama administration is now the only thing standing in the way of thousands of American jobs, with the potential for many more, and access to a large supply of North American energy.  The president’s vague climate criteria appear to ignore the findings of exhaustive, concrete environmental and economic development analysis that demonstrate the benefits we would reap from this project, which would also strengthen ties with Canada, our largest trading partner.  I urge the president and Secretary Kerry to recognize the value of the pipeline and approve its completion as soon as possible,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1dstGM0.
Tomorrow, September 17, is the 226th anniversary of the signing of the United States Constitution, and to mark the occasion, students in 11 Tennessee schools will participate in Constitution Week events sponsored by Senator Corker’s office. Senator Corker’s field representatives will deliver interactive presentations to students, showing a 5-foot replica of the Constitution and discussing its importance in every American’s life. “The wisdom our Founding Fathers showed in crafting such a fundamental and elegant document that has provided the foundation for our government and our country for 226 years is really incredible when you think about it,” said Corker. “I hope the students who attend our Constitution Week events across the state come away wanting to learn more about our country’s history, values and system of government. Our country faces a number of challenges in the coming decades, and it’s important that young Americans understand the document that has guided our country since its founding.” For more information on this year’s Constitution Week events, click here: http://1.usa.gov/195cOXc. In this photo from last year, Senator Corker’s area field representative, Claire McVay, meets with students at Ooltewah Elementary School.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" this morning to discuss the latest on Syria. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" tomorrow morning to discuss the latest on Syria. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
Senator Corker made the following statement today regarding the announcement of an agreement between the U.S. and Russia on Syria's chemical weapons. "Absent the threat of force, it's unclear to me how Syrian compliance will be possible under the terms of any agreement.  I'm still reviewing the details and believe Syria's willingness to follow through is very much an open question, but I remain supportive of a strong diplomatic solution to Syria's use of chemical weapons," said Corker. "I am concerned that these negotiations not be used as an opportunity to retreat from our broader national interests, but rather, to reinforce them, including support for moderate opposition forces and, most importantly, reassuring our allies of U.S. resolve to counter threats from Iran and other rogue nations.  The administration's handling of this crisis has hurt U.S. credibility, so it's vital that going forward, the President articulate how his actions protect our national interests in Syria and the region."
Senator Corker was in Knoxville today to participate in a roundtable discussion on the future of the Tennessee Valley Authority. The roundtable, held at the University of Tennessee, convened a panel of representatives from area utilities and businesses to discuss TVA’s electricity rates and its ability to be economically competitive now and over the next 20 years. “I obviously care deeply about the standard of living and quality of life of people here in Tennessee, and I know TVA rates directly impact that,” said Corker. “And as someone who has had the privilege of helping recruit business to our state, I know TVA also plays a critical role in our economic development efforts by providing low-cost, reliable power that is essential to attracting, retaining and growing jobs. Our discussion today focused on how we can ensure TVA is operating and making decisions in a way that will provide competitive power rates in Tennessee now and over the next 20 years.” To read more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/19011tg.
Today at 9:05 am ET on the Hallerin Hill Show, Sen. Corker will talk about Syria and his meeting in Knoxville on TVA rates.  Listen live on NewsTalk98.7: http://bit.ly/1dazEkl
In an interview on CNN today, Senator Corker expressed disappointment in President Obama’s address to the nation on Syria last night. “I really do think [the administration has] hurt our credibility around the world just in the muddled way that they have dealt with this Syrian issue… The president just seems to be very uncomfortable being commander-in-chief of this nation,” said Corker. “I would think that most Republicans yesterday would have believed last night he was going to make the greater case, the strategic case, for us in Syria... He just cannot follow through.” http://bit.ly/18VoDPz
In an appearance on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” today to discuss President Obama’s address to the nation on Syria, Senator Corker expressed his disappointment in the president’s failure to emphasis the importance of protecting U.S. credibility in response to the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons.  “Whether you support him or not, when our commander in chief draws a bright red line and a country passes that, to me, it’s about our credibility as a nation…and…he did not make that case,” said Corker.  “So I think the president's done more in a short period of time to damage American credibility around the world than any modern president.”  Watch the interview here: http://youtu.be/y714PWvUnPg
Senator Corker made the following statement marking the anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States. “I think the best way we can mark September 11th is by remembering the lives lost and honoring them by working to make the country that was attacked that day even stronger,” said Corker.
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding Senate Foreign Relations Committee passage of a limited authorization for the use of military force in Syria.  “None of us want the U.S. mired down in another conflict, so the committee has significantly limited the president’s original authorization, while still providing for an appropriate use of force in response to Assad’s use of chemical weapons.  It prevents boots on the ground, limits the duration of any military action, and requires a progress report on the administration’s overall Syria policy,” said Corker.  “As we now move to the full Senate, the American people deserve a full and open debate about U.S. interests in Syria.”
Senator Corker today said the agreement he reached this evening with Committee Chairman Bob Menendez, D-N.J., limits the scope and duration of a congressional authorization for the use of military force against the Assad regime in Syria. The new draft legislation being circulated to committee members this evening would strictly prohibit American boots on the ground, limit the duration of any military action to 60 days, and separately require a report from the Obama administration detailing U.S. support for vetted, moderate opposition groups in Syria. “Our negotiations have led to a much narrower authorization that provides for the appropriate use of force while limiting the scope and duration of military action, prohibiting boots on the ground, and requiring the Obama administration to submit their broader plan for Syria,” said Corker.  The committee is expected to hold a markup on the new authorization language tomorrow following a classified hearing on intelligence related to the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/17LIqWG.
TUNE IN: Today at 2:30 p.m. ET, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hold a hearing on the authorization of use of military force in Syria. The hearing will feature testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/14Vamot.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an interview on CNN tonight, Senator Corker discussed tomorrow’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on an authorization for the use of military force in Syria. “I think three basic questions are: why is military action in Syria needed at this time, what will it accomplish, and thirdly, how can we sufficiently limit it so we don't get ourselves mired down in another war like Iraq or Afghanistan, or virtually a civil war in this case," said Corker. "As I said to the president and other officials, he's got to use every ounce of energy he has to make the case to the American people." Tomorrow’s hearing is scheduled to begin at 2:30 p.m. ET and will feature testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey. http://bit.ly/17lnFuM
Tonight at 9pm ET on CNN with Wolf Blitzer, Sen. Corker will discuss Tuesday’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on an authorization for the use of military force in Syria.
Sen. Corker today made the following statement regarding hearings on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week to consider legislation authorizing the use of U.S. military force in response to the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons in Syria.  “Congress’s role in U.S. military force has too often been abdicated to presidential authority, so I look forward to a vigorous debate on this important authorization,” said Corker.  “The American people deserve to hear more from the administration about why military action in Syria is necessary, what it will achieve and how it will be sufficiently limited to keep the U.S. from being drawn further into the Syrian conflict.  Now that the president has decided to use force and seek authorization, he must immediately use every resource appropriate in making his case to the public before this potentially defining vote in Congress.” http://1.usa.gov/1a0EKOS
Senator Corker today made the following statement after President Obama asked for congressional authorization to take military action against the Assad regime in Syria. “I am very pleased that the president has listened to the suggestion we and many others have made to bring this authorization to Congress. At this point in our country’s history, this is absolutely the right decision, and I look forward to seeing what the Administration brings forward and to a vigorous debate on this important authorization. Further, now that the president has decided to use force and seek authorization, it is imperative that he immediately begins using every ounce of his energy to make his case to the American people,” said Corker.
In an op-ed in today’s "The Tennessean," Senator Corker writes about the connection between America’s role in the world and our way of life here at home. "…In addition to security, smart U.S. engagement internationally also makes Tennessee and the nation more prosperous. The U.S. represents just 4.5 percent of the global population, but our country generates 22 percent of the world’s economic activity. Foreign-owned companies, like Volkswagen in Chattanooga, employ more than 112,000 Tennesseans, while trade supports 21 percent of the state’s workforce. These long-term, transformative investments in our communities can only occur by the U.S. maintaining its engagement through free-trade policies supported, in part, by our diplomatic relations with foreign nations. For these reasons, our unique and critical leadership role in the world cannot be idled or abdicated." Read more: http://tnne.ws/148mXGz.
Yesterday, Senator Corker made the following statement after participating in a conference call with senior Obama administration officials regarding evidence of the Assad regime’s continued use of chemical weapons in Syria. Earlier in the day, Corker received a separate classified briefing on the crisis in Syria. "While I’m opposed to American boots on the ground in Syria, I would support surgical, proportional military strikes given the strong evidence of the Assad regime’s continued use of chemical warfare. Whatever limited action is taken should not further commit the U.S. in Syria beyond the current strategy to strengthen the vetted, moderate opposition," said Corker. "While the administration has engaged in congressional consultation, they should continue to be forthcoming with information and would be far better off if they seek authorization based upon our national interests, which would provide the kind of public debate and legitimacy that can only come from Congress."
Roll Call’s Meredith Shiner profile’s Sen. Corker’s role in the debate over the U.S. response to the crisis in Syria.  “Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., is using his perch as the top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to carve out a niche for himself as a go-to congressional voice on the crisis in Syria…Corker talked on Tuesday about his hope that the administration would be more transparent with Congress about its plans for Syria, especially given that the White House began its engagement in Libya, for example, with good will that ‘dissipated.’ He also emphasized that America and its allies should be careful to support the moderate opposition and to avoid putting boots on the ground, making decisions that do not cause [the U.S.] to be mired down in a civil war.”  Read more: http://roll.cl/17k5aJn
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an interview for Fox News Sunday that was taped on Saturday but aired this morning, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, discussed the conflict in Syria, the crisis in Egypt and congressional oversight of NSA surveillance programs. Watch here: http://youtu.be/TC09fQnw_yw.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will discuss the conflict in Syria, the crisis in Egypt and the NSA on Fox News Sunday this morning. To find the station and air time in your area, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will discuss the conflict in Syria, the crisis in Egypt and the NSA tomorrow morning on Fox News Sunday. For local listings, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Click "Like" and "Share" to help us wish Senator Corker a very happy birthday!
Yesterday at an event hosted by the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition (USGLC), Senator Corker joined top military, business, and faith leaders for a lunch discussion on the importance of U.S. leadership in the world and its impact on Tennessee. “In Washington and throughout our country, we’re witnessing a debate about the role the U.S. should play around the world. I believe in American exceptionalism and that the United States has a unique and critical leadership role in the world that cannot be idled or abdicated,” said Senator Corker. “Withdrawal from leadership will make us less safe, have us miss opportunities for greater prosperity and stability, and potentially sow the seeds of greater indebtedness. There’s no nation in the world that is impacted as much as ours when there’s economic stability around the world. But the greatest threat to our ability to lead is our fiscal situation. I was asked recently in a discussion with young people about how the U.S. can regain our competitive advantage from a rising China. I said then and will reiterate today: we must get our fiscal house in order.” To read more and to watch video from the event, click here: http://www.usglc.org/events/nashville-tn-corker/.
It’s "Throwback Thursday" on Instagram! To follow Senator Corker, visit http://instagram.com/senbobcorker. In honor of Tennessee students going back to school this month, we thought we’d share one of Bob Corker’s school pictures. #tbt
Today, Senator Corker discussed the situation in Egypt and his recent trip to the Middle East on Fox News' “America’s Newsroom.”  Commenting on U.S. assistance to Egypt, Corker, the Ranking Member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said, “I think we have national interests [in Egypt] and I think our aid ought to be tailored towards those national interests. … [O]ur foreign aid is about…keeping Americans secure.”
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos” this morning (Sunday) to discuss the violence in Egypt, his recent trip to the Middle East (http://1.usa.gov/1aeYzVn) and other news of the week. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://abcn.ws/14RxqGS.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be a guest on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos” tomorrow morning (Sunday) to discuss the violence in Egypt, his recent trip to the Middle East (http://1.usa.gov/1aeYzVn) and other news of the week. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://abcn.ws/14RxqGS.
Senator Corker returned today from a trip to the Middle East where he visited with U.S. and foreign officials in Turkey, Iraq and Jordan. The trip focused on regional political and security issues important to the U.S., including the violence in Egypt, the conflict in Syria and the threat of sectarian violence and terrorism in the region.  Corker’s trip revealed the significant way in which the recent expansion in violence threatens the region's security and America's national interest. “The spillover of the sectarian conflict in Syria poses a real threat to Iraq, and the growing humanitarian crisis, including the growing number of refugees and internally displaced persons, increasingly threatens stability in countries like Jordan and Lebanon. The U.S. must work with regional partners to return stability to the region and prevent the spread of extremism by supporting moderate, stabilizing forces,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1aeYzVn.
Senator Corker made the following statement today regarding the violence in Egypt: “The United States should continue to try to be a voice of calm in Egypt. I appreciated much of what the president had to say, and while it reflected an arms-length disapproval of the military’s actions, I wish he had stressed more clearly the need for the Muslim Brotherhood to also act responsibly. I hope the White House is actively working with other countries in the neighborhood behind the scenes to reduce tensions between the parties and get the democratic process back on track.” Corker has been traveling to portions of the Middle East this week, including Turkey, Iraq and Jordan, to speak with U.S. and foreign officials regarding regional political and security issues, particularly the conflict in Syria, violence in Egypt, and the threat of sectarian violence and terrorism in the region. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/128oedm.
Writing in U.S. News & World Report today, Senator Corker and Senator Mark Warner (D-Va.) highlight their legislation to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. “A year ago, we set out to answer the question: how do we build a build a better system of housing finance for the future? The resulting legislation is the "Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act," which is sponsored by a bipartisan coalition of five Democrats and five Republicans from the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee… We have had five years to learn the lessons of the financial crisis and have the benefit of half a decade of hindsight. Economists, industry participants, many policy makers, and now the White House agree: now is the time for housing finance reform.” Read more: http://bit.ly/17mSvos.
Sen. Corker visited the Kilis refugee camp on the Turkish border with Syria today for the second time since the conflict began. Members of the camp’s refugee leadership expressed dismay and disappointment at the lack of U.S. support for the Syrian opposition. Specifically, refugee leaders noted the importance of helping arm and equip the vetted, moderate opposition under the leadership of Gen. Salim Idriss.
Today during his second visit to the Kilis refugee camp on the Turkish border with Syria, Sen. Corker noted the excellent support being provided to Syrian refugees by the Turkish government, who also partner with U.S.-sponsored non-governmental organizations to provide humanitarian aid to refugees and internally displaced persons within Syria. At the camp, he met with refugee leaders, camp administrators, and a number of individual Syrian refugees, including school-age children who are being taught language and practical skills by other refugees in schools built by the Turkish government.
Today Sen. Corker visited with U.S. servicemembers operating the U.S. Patriot missile battery near the Turkish border with Syria.
Near the Syrian border on Sunday, Sen. Corker met with members of the Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army, including opposition commander Brigadier General Salim Idriss. Gen. Idriss reiterated the need for greater U.S. support of moderate opposition forces in order to shift the balance in the conflict against the Assad regime. Senator Corker's meeting with Gen. Idriss comes on the heels of recent opposition successes inside the regime stronghold of Latakia, and the capture of Minakh Airbase.
Today on NPR’s “All Things Considered” at 4pm ET, Sen. Corker will discuss his oped on the Obama administration’s increasing reliance on intelligence agencies to carry out U.S. foreign policy and the need for greater congressional oversight.  Find the air times in your area: http://n.pr/14oe9dh.  Read the oped in Foreign Policy: http://atfp.co/16jdMBj.
Today, Senator Corker told the Southern Middle Tennessee Association of Realtors he is finally seeing momentum to move a structural housing finance reform bill that ends the Fannie and Freddie model of private gains and public losses.  “There is real momentum growing to finally move a structural housing finance reform bill that ends the Fannie and Freddie model of private gains and public losses,” said Corker. “I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate, the House and the White House to see it through.”  http://1.usa.gov/15HdUfv
It’s “Throwback Thursday” on Instagram! To follow Senator Corker, visit http://instagram.com/senbobcorker. DID YOU KNOW? After traveling with his church on a mission trip to Haiti in his late twenties, Senator Corker began to take a closer look at needs in his own community. He led the creation of a non-profit that today has helped over 10,000 families secure decent, fit and affordable housing. The process of starting the non-profit led to greater civic involvement and eventually to public service. #tbt
Writing in Foreign Policy today, Sen. Corker argues the Obama administration’s increasing reliance on intelligence agencies to carry out U.S. foreign policy and warfighting can diminish covert action as a valuable national security tool, undermine U.S. foreign policy goals, and prevent the kind of oversight from Congress that the American people expect.  “To ensure the continued availability of covert action -- a highly valuable and effective tool under the right circumstances -- we must make certain that no president misuses, overuses, or employs this tactic simply out of convenience or the desire to avoid oversight and debate. As a result, it is important to ask just how much of U.S. foreign policy is conducted secretly. The answer, unfortunately, appears to be too much…”  Read more: http://atfp.co/16jdMBj
Senator Corker made the following statement on the passing of Tennessee State Representative Lois DeBerry. “Lois DeBerry will be remembered as a tireless advocate for her community, and as one of the longest-serving women lawmakers in the nation and the first African-American female speaker pro tempore in the House, Lois’ legacy will be remembered in Memphis and across our state for generations to come,” said Corker. “I appreciate her many years of public service and her friendship and kindness. My heart goes out to her family during this difficult time.”
On Thursday, Senator Corker welcomed Edmond Prater, a Korean War veteran and Purple Heart recipient from Clarksville, Tenn., to his Capitol Hill office. Mr. Prater and his family were in Washington for today’s ceremony commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Korean War armistice.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is holding a hearing today at 10:30 a.m. ET on the crisis in Egypt.  Watch a live stream here: http://1.usa.gov/14LNZCZ
Senator Corker met with over 85 Tennesseans at yesterday’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The event, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. In this photo, Senator Corker greets Tennessee students who are visiting Washington in conjunction with “Impact: DC.” (http://bbyo.org/summer/impactdc/). Learn more about Tennessee Tuesday here: http://1.usa.gov/14qbW20.
This morning at 8:30 a.m. ET, Senator Corker will participate in a discussion on housing finance reform at an event hosted by the Bipartisan Policy Center. Nick Timiraos of the Wall Street Journal will moderate a discussion between Corker and Senator Mark Warner of Virginia. Last month, Corker, Warner and a bipartisan group of senators introduced legislation to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. Tune in here: http://bit.ly/18J9bLk.
Senator Corker met with over 75 Tennesseans at this morning’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The breakfast, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. Here, Senator Corker is pictured with Boy Scouts of America Venture Crew 284 from Smyrna. Learn more about Tennessee Tuesday here: 1.usa.gov/14qbW20.
In a Letter to the Editor of the Wall Street Journal today, Andrew Davidson, a prominent mortgage investor and advocate for structural housing reform, called the Corker-Warner housing finance reform plan a “well thought out and balanced proposal” that “represents a substantial improvement over the prior system and will transform the mortgage market from one of private gain and public risk to one of private risk and public gain.”  Read Davidson’s entire letter here: http://on.wsj.com/11QrjRk
Today in Washington at 12:00 p.m. ET, Senator Corker will be participating in a panel discussion regarding the future of the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force and reasserting Congress’ role in authorizing military involvement overseas. Senator Corker has called for Congress to consider updating the AUMF to address the changing nature of the conflict with al Qaeda and its affiliates now almost twelve years after the 9/11 attacks.  Watch a live stream here: http://bit.ly/1326CzY.
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, the Foreign Relations Committee is holding a hearing on transition in Afghanistan.  Watch a live stream here: http://1.usa.gov/1daPQAj.  Senator Corker returned Monday from a weekend trip to Afghanistan and Pakistan to evaluate U.S. policy in the region.  Read more about his 4th trip to the region here: http://1.usa.gov/10JnhaS.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Corker penned an op-ed for the Chattanooga Times Free Press today about his support for the Senate immigration bill. “The Senate immigration bill has drawn support from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, chambers and universities across Tennessee, the American Conservative Union, the Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, among many, many others, who believe as I do, that from economic, national security, deficit reduction and moral standpoints, our country must enact real immigration reform now,” wrote Corker. Read more: http://bit.ly/18Od9Co.
Former U.S. Senator John Sununu (R-N.H.) wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe today praising efforts led by Senators Corker and Warner to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns.  Sununu said the Corker-Warner plan “is bipartisan, substantive, and bold…” and noted “[T]he most organized opposition will come from defenders of the status quo.”  Read the entire op-ed here: http://1.usa.gov/12AKGJ2
Senator Corker will be on CNBC’s Squawk Box tomorrow (Tuesday) at 8 a.m. ET to discuss why now is the time for GSE Reform.  Last month, Corker, Warner and a bipartisan group of senators introduced legislation to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/16xFhFQ
In an op-ed in The Tennessean | Tennessean.com and The Leaf-Chronicle - TheLeafChronicle.com today, Senators Corker and Alexander write about their vote for the Senate immigration bill. “…[W]e were two of the 68 senators who voted for the immigration bill that takes the most dramatic steps in history to secure our border, ends perpetual amnesty, and encourages job creation… That’s the kind of immigration system a country that prizes the American Dream should have.” Read more here: http://tnne.ws/18IiBH1.
In Case You Missed It: In today’s Chattanooga Times Free Press, Ron Harr, the president and CEO of the Chattanooga Area Chamber of Commerce, writes that the “immigration reform bill recently passed by the U.S. Senate and now being considered by the U.S. House of Representatives is good for business, and with the addition of the amendment Sen. Corker co-authored, it is our best chance to repair the broken immigration system.” Read more here: http://bit.ly/16XEE8H.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on “Fox News Sunday” this morning to discuss the current situation in Egypt. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Senator Corker will be a guest on “Fox News Sunday” tomorrow morning to discuss the current situation in Egypt. See below to find the station and air time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Senator Corker made the following statement in honor of Independence Day: “This Independence Day, I hope Tennesseans will join me in giving thanks for our service men and women, and their families, who sacrifice every day to protect our freedoms. I am continually inspired by their selflessness and bravery. Since our country's founding, each generation has made tough choices to leave a stronger, more prosperous country for future Americans. We face tremendous challenges both at home and abroad, but I have no doubt we will continue the American tradition of meeting each challenge with innovation, optimism and courage.”
ICYMI: The Christian Science Monitor today published a profile of Senator Corker, highlighting his willingness to take on the tough issues of our time.  The profile notes, “While Washington's dysfunction almost led him to quit the Senate after one term in 2012, Corker’s dogged effort to broker compromises on a handful of major issues bespeaks a senator who is arguably the body’s happiest warrior, plunging into issues from Benghazi to the budget with aplomb.”  Read more here: http://bit.ly/13omazX
Today, the Senate passed S.744, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act of 2013, by a vote of 68-32, which includes the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment.  Senator Corker said, “This is the toughest border security measure to ever pass the Senate, and from economic, national security, deficit-reduction and moral standpoints, it’s the right thing to do.  Because of the amendment Senator Hoeven and I added to the bill, this legislation requires an additional 20,000 Border Patrol agents and at least 700 miles of fencing along the southern border, full implementation and activation of $4.5 billion in surveillance technology, an electronic visa entry/exit system, and a mandated E-Verify system for all employers. Passage of this bill gets us one step closer to securing our border in a dramatic way and to solving the immigration problem that we have struggled with for decades.”  Read more here:  http://1.usa.gov/15Krbyx
In Case You Missed It: PolitiFact.com, “a project of the Tampa Bay Times and its partners to help you find the truth in politics,” says claims that the immigration bill “has a specific provision that says Secretary Napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses,” are FALSE. “Legal experts we spoke to said, instead, it gives her discretion about where to build border fencing,” writes PolitiFact.com. Section 3 of the Hoeven-Corker amendment makes it clear that before RPIs can adjust to lawful permanent resident status, the Southern Border Fencing Strategy must be implemented, putting in place “no fewer than 700 miles of pedestrian fencing.” The limitation in Section 5 states that DHS has some discretion in WHERE the fencing gets constructed as it drafts its strategy. Section 5 does not reference and therefore does not limit the requirements in Section 3 to establish 700 miles of pedestrian fencing before RPIs can apply for a green card. Read the full ruling here: http://bit.ly/12nkK6I. For clarification of some other common mischaracterizations of the amendment, review a Myth vs. Fact document here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
Today the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment to the Senate immigration bill passed overwhelmingly in a 69-29 vote.  The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits.  Senator Corker said, “Today we saw a strong vote on the toughest border amendment to ever pass the Senate.  Passing this amendment gets us one step closer to securing our border in a dramatic way and to solving the immigration problem that we have struggled with for decades.”  Read highlights of the Hoeven-Corker amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/132d2SG
In Case You Missed It: This morning, the Washington Post’s Glenn Kessler writes, “Sessions and his colleagues protest too much when they say no one has had a chance to read a 1,200-page bill. Given that they had a role in ensuing that the Corker-Hoeven amendment was folded into the overall bill, their complaints of a rushed bill are overblown. Comprehensive legislation, by its nature, is complex, with unpredictable outcomes. But virtually all of the bill — and the amendments — has been available to read for weeks.” Read the complete article here: http://wapo.st/1clzTqz. And for additional clarification of some common mischaracterizations of the Hoeven-Corker border surge amendment, review a Myth vs. Fact document here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
In a Politico op-ed today, Senators Bob Corker, R-Tenn., Mark Warner, D-Va., Mike Johanns, R-Neb., Jon Tester, D-Mont., Dean Heller, R-Nev., Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., and Jerry Moran, R-Kan., all members of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, write about the legislation they plan to introduce today, Tuesday, June 25, to strengthen America’s housing finance system by replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers from future economic downturns. Read their op-ed here: http://politi.co/11E9m6A.
Tonight the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment to the Senate immigration bill cleared an important procedural hurdle when the Senate voted overwhelmingly (67 to 27) to invoke cloture on the amendment. This sets up the amendment for a pass/fail vote later in the week.  Senator Bob Corker, who introduced the amendment with Sen. John Hoeven, made the following statement.  “This vote provides strong bipartisan support for an amendment that unquestionably strengthens border security and moves us toward solving the immigration problem that we have struggled with for decades," said Corker. "There are certainly provisions in the underlying bill that can be improved, but it is my hope that tonight's overwhelming vote will lead to the passage of a strong bipartisan bill out of the Senate later this week."  The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits.   Read more about the Hoeven-Corker amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/14pOmPG. Read a myth vs. fact sheet on the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
Senator Corker said the report released today by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) underscores the need for the Senate to pass the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment.  “After seeing today’s CBO report I don’t know why anyone who cares about securing the border and interior enforcement wouldn’t support the border security amendment that Senator Hoeven and I offered on Friday,” said Corker. “I understand that some of my colleagues may have concerns about the underlying bill, but that’s not what tonight’s vote was on. Tonight’s vote on the Hoeven-Corker amendment offered a simple choice: either you support increased security on our nation’s southern border, or you support abdicating Congress’ responsibility to Janet Napolitano. I encourage my colleagues to support improving the underlying bill by passing the Hoeven-Corker amendment when we have the final vote later this week.”   The CBO report highlights that the Hoeven-Corker amendment “would significantly increase border security relative to the committee-approved version of the bill, and it would strengthen enforcement action against those who stay in the country after their authorization has expired. Therefore, CBO expects that, relative to the committee-approved version of S. 744, the amendment would reduce both illegal entry into the country and the number of people who stay in the country beyond the end of their authorized period [visa overstays].”  The report also reiterates that the amended bill would achieve substantial deficit reduction.  Read more, including the full report here: http://1.usa.gov/14TQS2L.
In an interview on Fox News this morning, Senator Corker discussed the amendment he co-authored with Senator John Hoeven to strengthen security on the nation’s southern border. “I understand there are people that may have concerns about the overall bill, but tonight’s vote is about [the five triggers in the Hoeven-Corker amendment]... [T]hese are the things that we have been striving for for years to have implemented… [T]his is the strongest border amendment I can imagine being in place…  If you're concerned about border security, this amendment is one you support,” said Corker. Watch the full interview here: http://bit.ly/11WxJbf.
In an interview on Fox News this morning, Republican political consultant and policy advisor Karl Rove dispelled a number of myths about the Hoeven-Corker border security amendment.  “First of all, there will never be enough time for some members. This amendment from Senators Corker of Tennessee and Hoeven of North Dakota is 119 pages. It’s been laid out since Friday. It’s relatively easy to read. It’s part of the larger bill that’s been laid out since May, so there’s plenty of time for people to read it,” said Rove.  He went on to lay out the amendment’s five tangible, concrete triggers, saying: “The Hoeven-Corker amendment essentially has five provisions: 20,000 more border patrol. There are roughly 21,000 today. $4.5 billion additional for border security measures. A guarantee of 700 miles of pedestrian fence along the border. We now have 350. And then, it requires an implementation of an entry-exit system for visas. Right now, about 40% of people who get a visa to come to the United States overstay it. This is a system that will allow us to know when they come in, where they go out, and where they are. And finally, full implementation of what is called e-verify. That is to say before you can get hired for any job in America you have to demonstrate you’re a U.S. citizen.”  Responding to misleading media reports that the Hoeven-Corker amendment grants instant amnesty, Rove said: “[Reports] turned out simply not to be true. Instead, it was a very narrow provision that said if you are from one of nine countries that get what’s called Temporary Protective Status, because of war or conflict inside your country, and you've been employed for ten years, the last ten years, you can… get in line to become a citizen, ultimately at the back of the line.”  Watch the interview here: http://bit.ly/17xSFyk. To read a complete myth vs. fact sheet on the Hoeven-Corker amendment, click here: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3.
In Case You Missed It: In an op-ed in Human Events this morning, Senator Marco Rubio writes that the amendment Senator Corker co-authored with Senator John Hoeven "was developed with input from border patrol officials, border state officials, and security experts. It stipulates that no illegal immigrant can even apply to become a legal permanent resident of the U.S. until at least ten years have elapsed and until five security triggers are achieved." Rubio goes on to write, "I understand the American people’s frustration. I know that these promises have been made in the past. But here’s the reality of it: the choice before us is to try to fix this, or leave it way it is and risk an even bigger problem due to Washington’s inaction. What we have today is a disaster of epic proportions. Eleven million human beings living among us, and we don’t know who they are. They are working but not paying taxes. There are criminals among them. That has to be solved. We need to fix this, and this is our chance to fix it." Read more here: http://bit.ly/10fOBNx.
MUST READ: Hoeven-Corker Amendment Myth vs. Fact: http://1.usa.gov/10NekQ3
Senator Corker issued a statement this evening to clarify that 1,100 pages of the immigration bill have been public since May. “I’ve seen reports of a ‘1,200 page bill’ no one has read or had time to read. To be clear, the tough border and interior enforcement provisions that Sen. Hoeven and I offered on Friday make up 119 pages added to the 1,100 pages that have been public since May,” said Corker. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/19iusfY.
Senator Corker released a statement today clarifying misleading reports that Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano would not be required to build an additional 350 miles of fencing along the southern U.S. border under the Hoeven-Corker Border Security amendment:
 
 “I don’t know how to make it any clearer. If the Hoeven-Corker amendment becomes law, ten years must pass and there must be 700 miles of pedestrian fencing and 20,000 additional border patrol agents along the southern border before a Green Card is issued to those with RPI status. Reports that say otherwise are misleading,” said Corker.  
 
 Section 3 of the Hoeven-Corker amendment makes it clear that before RPIs can adjust to lawful permanent resident status, the Southern Border Fencing Strategy must be implemented, putting in place “no fewer than 700 miles of pedestrian fencing”.  The limitation in Section 5 states that DHS has some discretion in WHERE the fencing gets constructed as it drafts its strategy. Section 5 does not reference and therefore does not limit the requirements in Section 3 to establish 700 miles of pedestrian fencing. 
 
 The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits. Read more about the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/132d2SG.
The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb defacto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits. Read the facts here: http://1.usa.gov/14pOmPG.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" this morning to discuss his amendment with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border. See below to find the station and time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
ICYMI: The Hoeven-Corker amendment mandates an unprecedented surge of security at the southern border, implements tough interior enforcement to curb de facto amnesty, and helps prevent abuse of federal benefits. Read more about the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/132d2SG
Senator Corker will be a guest on CBS’ "Face the Nation" tomorrow morning to discuss his amendment with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border. See below to find the station and time in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://cbsn.ws/17utvQW.
In Case You Missed It: “Boosters of the Senate’s immigration reform bill secured a key endorsement Thursday evening: Fox News host Bill O’Reilly. Just hours after Republican Sens. John Hoeven (R-N.D.) and Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) unveiled a sweeping border security amendment, O’Reilly said, ‘It is time for the U.S.A. to pass immigration reform’ and that he hopes ‘this bill does become law.’” Read more via Politico: http://politi.co/11QO2Hu.
In remarks on the Senate floor today, Senator Corker commented on the amendment he co-authored with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border as part of the immigration bill now being considered by the Senate. Watch the video here: http://bit.ly/17qDerC. Read more about the amendment here: http://1.usa.gov/11QDsQB.
Senator Corker has co-authored an amendment with Senator John Hoeven to bolster security on the nation’s southern border as part of the immigration bill now being considered by the Senate. The Hoeven-Corker Southern Border Security Amendment would double the number of agents on the Mexican border and require implementation of a tough new border security plan before unlawful immigrants already in the country could be eligible for Lawful Permanent Residence (LPR) or Green Card status 10 years after enactment. The border security plan is based on the U.S. Border Patrol’s assessment of what the agency would need to maximally secure the nation’s southern border. The amendment also strengthens interior enforcement by requiring that officials enforce current immigration law and deter overstays by initiating removal proceedings for at least 90 percent of visa overstays. Ten years after enactment, the senators’ measure requires all five of the following conditions to be met before LPR, or a Green Card status, could be granted:
 
 - The Department of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General of the Department, and the Comptroller General of the United States (GAO), has submitted a Comprehensive Southern Border Security Strategy to Congress that includes minimum requirements for each sector along the border as identified by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol and the plan has been deployed and is operational.  
 - The Border Patrol has deployed, maintained, and stationed 20,000 border patrol agents on the southern border in addition to the 18,500 agents already stationed there. This means an agent every 1,000 feet along the southern border.
 - An additional 350 miles of fencing has been completed (in addition to the 350 miles of fencing already on the ground).
 - The mandatory employment verification system has been fully implemented for all employers.
 - The mandated electronic entry/exit system has been fully implemented at all international air and sea ports of entry within the United States where U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers are currently deployed.
 
 To read more, click here: http://1.usa.gov/11QDsQB.
In today’s Chattanooga Times Free Press, Dr. David Abshire, a former United States Ambassador to NATO, cofounder of the Center for Strategic and International Studies and Vice Chairman of the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress, writes about Senator Corker’s approach to solving the nation’s most pressing problems. “…Chattanooga has been blessed and honored by the outstanding accomplishments of our own Sen. Bob Corker,” writes Abshire. “Corker’s example of working since age 13, graduating from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and saving up to start his own business is the embodiment of the American dream. And yet, at a time when he could have expanded his businesses, he chose to go into public service... [Corker was] an unusually creative mayor of Chattanooga. He later was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2006, and has spearheaded efforts to deal effectively with the grave issues of our nation in this time of genuine crisis… Congress may be broken, but it doesn’t have to be. We all should be more willing to ‘reach across the aisle,’ to have those conversations with our friends and neighbors which advance the national dialog. We admire Corker for his integrity and his character, without which any effort at bipartisanship would surely have failed long ago.” Read more: http://bit.ly/1bRqird.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/1al6C18. Interested in receiving updates from the senator each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Senator Corker is still seeking answers from the Obama administration for alleged U.S. cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai. The Hill newspaper reports: "Corker and others on Capitol Hill claim the CIA funds have reportedly fueled the rampant corruption and fraud that has plagued Karzai's government since the war began. 'I [have] highlighted the incoherence of a policy that at once seeks to root out corruption and establish the rule of law, while at the same time funneling secret cash payments to the president,' Corker said of the program on Monday." Earlier today, Senator Corker sent a fourth letter to the Obama administration seeking answers. Read more: http://bit.ly/12EKc9l.
An article in the Wall Street Journal today highlights efforts led by Sens. Corker, Warner, Johanns, Tester, Heller and Heitkamp to “tackle an issue that Washington has mostly ignored for nearly five years: What to do with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac...”  Corker says, "It is time to put in place a housing finance system that moves beyond the current model of private gains and taxpayer losses."  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/16bsrwR
Senator Corker posted a Father’s Day message on his Twitter account earlier today. If you’re not following the senator on Twitter, you can do so at http://twitter.com/senbobcorker.
Senator Corker, member of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, discussed the need to get our fiscal house in order on CNBC’s Squawk Box Tuesday morning.  Corker said, “It’s a great time for us to actually tackle the big issue [fiscal reform].  I still believe that our market, our economy would really take off if we would just go ahead and deal with this issue.”  He went on to say that failing to get our fiscal house in order is “the thing that’s keeping people from investing even more in the future….it’s not just affecting our economy, but our standing around the world.” http://youtu.be/VxYNtHUyNtA
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Corker recently joined Instagram! You can follow him at instagram.com/senbobcorker.
Senator Corker has requested an explanation from President Barack Obama regarding reports (http://apne.ws/15EFKpg) of the National Security Agency’s collection of U.S. phone records on Verizon’s network of 121 million customers. “I don’t think most of us had any idea how broad this data gathering was. There may be some good explanation for this, but certainly I've asked the president to be forthcoming with that so we all understand publicly why it’s being carried out in this way,” said Corker. Earlier today, the senator sent a letter to President Obama seeking answers. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/ZSX0IN. Video: http://bit.ly/11vbQU3.
Senator Corker met with the Home Builders Association of Tennessee this afternoon in his Capitol Hill office. The group discussed a number of topics, including the need for GSE reform.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Corker traveled throughout Tennessee last week. Read more about his week at http://1.usa.gov/19D3XQ0. Interested in receiving updates from Senator Corker each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
On Wednesday, Senator Corker taped an episode of “Inside Tennessee,” WBIR Channel 10's (Knoxville) Sunday morning political and public affairs roundtable. The episode will air this Sunday at 9:30 a.m. ET. If you’re in or around Knoxville, we hope you’ll tune in!
Senator Corker was in Kingsport today as Governor Haslam and Eastman Chemical Company CEO Jim Rogers announced “Project Inspire,” a $1.6 billion investment in Eastman’s Kingsport site, which will add 300 new jobs during the next seven years. “This is a truly outstanding day. I want to thank Governor Haslam and Jim Rogers for their commitment to this region and for allowing me to be involved in this effort. I’m concerned that Washington’s inability to deal with big issues has had a dampening effect on investments around the country, but being in Kingsport today with civic leaders and people who have committed themselves to their state and their community makes me want to go back to Washington and work even harder to alleviate those things that are keeping these kinds of investments from happening. I thank all those involved in this $1.6 billion investment for being an inspiration,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1346qPN.
Earlier today, Senator Corker joined Second Harvest Food Bank of Northeast Tennessee to deliver food boxes in Kingsport.
Senator Corker met with constituents in Bradley and McMinn counties today. The senator began the day in Cleveland, meeting with business and community leaders at an event hosted by the Rotary Club of Cleveland. Later, he attended an event hosted by the Athens Chamber of Commerce.
Senator Corker made the following statement in honor of Memorial Day, Monday, May 27. “My job gives me the opportunity to meet with members of our military serving all over the world. It is humbling and often emotionally overwhelming to be in their presence. On Memorial Day we remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country, and we can honor them by working to make the country they fought and died for even stronger. Tennessee has a long tradition of sending brave men and women into harm’s way. To the Tennesseans missing loved ones, I hope you will feel an especially strong outpouring of support this Memorial Day.”
Are you on Instagram? Senator Corker recently joined! You can follow him at http://instagram.com/senbobcorker.
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 115 Tennesseans at this morning’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The breakfast, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. For more information, please visit: http://www.corker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tennesseetuesday.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will participate in a Senate Banking Committee hearing this morning at 10:15 a.m. ET. The hearing will feature testimony from Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, who is expected to field questions on Dodd-Frank, GSE reform and the IRS scandal. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/X2WtgF.
Speaking yesterday on CNN about his continued quest for answers from the Obama administration regarding the CIA's secret payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai, Senator Corker wondered how the U.S. would react to other countries providing these payments.  "[T]he fact we're taking suitcases full of cash and giving it to this democratically elected leader and possibly to relatives in other parts of the country, to me that is totally the antithesis of what [our] country represents," said Corker. "If we knew Russia or Iran or some other country was delivering suitcases full of cash to the Afghan president, how would we view that? I don't know why we're doing this...I want a public explanation as to why our country would be engaged in this kind of behavior." Watch it here: http://bit.ly/13AXgeH
At a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing this morning, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman stonewalls the American people when asked by Senator Corker whether allegations of secret U.S. cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai help prevent corruption in Afghanistan. Watch the exchange here: http://bit.ly/YVQC32.
MSNBC’s Chuck Todd asked White House Press Secretary Jay Carney today about Sen. Corker’s request for an explanation from President Obama regarding allegations that the CIA has been making cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai for the past decade.  Watch the clip here: http://bit.ly/10ofUVD
Following up on a May 2 letter to President Obama today, Senator Corker continued to seek an explanation for reports alleging the U.S. has made millions of dollars in secret cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai over the past decade. Responding to press inquiries, President Karzai has said the payments are “the choice of the American government” and will continue following personal assurances from the CIA station chief in Kabul. “As I indicated in my earlier letter, our assistance to Afghanistan should have long since evolved to a carefully coordinated, fully transparent effort across federal agencies with appropriate congressional oversight to ensure U.S. aid meets our national interests. These secret payments lack any kind of accountability, encourage the very kind of corruption we’re trying to prevent in Afghanistan, and further undermine U.S. taxpayers’ confidence in our government,” said Corker. “I believe a prompt response to how these payments meet our objectives in Afghanistan is warranted.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/10nP7c1.
In a letter today to Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez, Senator Corker and committee Republicans requested a hearing on the deadly Benghazi terrorist attacks to examine new revelations “regarding the level of security leading up to the attacks and how the State Department and the administration responded to the attacks,” in addition to the lack of accountability for State Department officials who remain on paid leave despite their role in security failures that left the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya vulnerable to attack. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/16nl3Sd.
Senator Corker posted the following Mother’s Day message on his Twitter account this afternoon. “Happy Mother’s Day weekend to my wife, Lizzy, my mom, Jean, and all the other great moms in Tennessee. -BC” If you’re not following the senator, you can do so at https://twitter.com/senbobcorker.
Senator Corker made the following statement today in response to reports that the Internal Revenue Service inappropriately flagged conservative political groups for additional reviews during the 2012 election. “As I said last year, all nonprofit organizations seeking tax-exempt status should be treated fairly and equitably by the IRS,” said Corker. “The IRS’s admission that its employees were specifically targeting conservative groups – including groups in Tennessee – is outrageous, disturbing, and will further erode Americans' trust in the federal government. Swift and decisive action should be taken to punish those responsible and to assure the American people that these actions will not be tolerated at the IRS or any other federal agency.” Last March, Senator Corker joined Senate colleagues in asking the Internal Revenue Service to treat all nonprofit groups seeking tax-exempt status fairly in the designation process.
Discussing the administration's response to the Benghazi attacks on MSNBC, Sen. Corker said he wants to know why four State Department officials are still receiving full pay after being involved in security failures that contributed to the deadly attacks last year.  “They're sitting at home with full pay. Americans all across our country are unemployed…There's been no accountability, and I just don't think it bodes well to know that people made some mistakes -- and candidly mistakes that cost people's lives – and there's nothing happening. I think that's an issue that does need to get resolved," said Corker. Watch a video clip here: http://bit.ly/13hVUp0
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Watch WBIR Channel 10's “HomeGrown” feature on Senator Corker here: http://on.wbir.com/16h4do5. “From the world’s top leaders to the Senate floor, Tennessee Senator Bob Corker has made a name for himself in Washington after just one term… It’s a political career he never dreamed of growing up in Chattanooga… Senator Bob Corker. HomeGrown in Tennessee.”
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/18pnNh3. Interested in receiving updates from the senator each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Later on Thursday, Senator Corker met with business and community leaders at an event hosted by the Bristol Chamber of Commerce. In this photo, the senator talks with Lt. Governor Ron Ramsey before speaking to the group at Bristol Motor Speedway.
Senator Corker was in the Tri-Cities on Thursday, where he met with constituents in Washington and Sullivan counties to discuss our country’s no. 1 economic and national security issue: getting our fiscal house in order. Corker began the day in Johnson City, meeting with students, faculty and local business leaders at an event hosted by East Tennessee State University.
In a letter to President Obama today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, requested an explanation regarding recent reports alleging the U.S. has made millions of dollars in secret cash payments to Afghan President Hamid Karzai over the past decade. “Our support for the Karzai administration should have evolved long ago into regular and more sustainable efforts that are fully coordinated across the government and are calibrated to ensure collaboration with U.S. policies. The alleged arrangements make accountability impossible and promote corruption at the top levels of the Afghan government, as well as break trust with the American taxpayer,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/18fRwc1.
Senator Corker made the following statement regarding reports that President Obama will today nominate U.S. Congressman Mel Watt, D-N.C., to lead the Federal Housing Finance Agency. "I could not be more disappointed in this nomination. This gives new meaning to the adage that the fox is guarding the hen house,” said Corker. “The debate around his nomination will illuminate for all Americans why Fannie and Freddie failed so miserably. Before any nominee should be considered for this post, regardless of their qualifications, the administration should explicitly lay out how they will unwind these entities.”
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an op-ed in Sunday’s Tennessean, Senators Corker and Alexander write: “[The Marketplace Fairness Act is] about two words: states’ rights. The legislation – which would allow states to collect state sales taxes already owed on remote purchases from out-of-state-businesses – is about letting states set their own tax policy without asking Washington’s permission. That’s the spirit of the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and the spirit of this country.” Read more: http://tnne.ws/10nKxWS.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Read Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/17oUc5Z. Interested in receiving Senator Corker’s newsletter each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
Senator Corker today said a U.S. intelligence assessment that chemical agents have been used in Syria is “deeply troubling.”  Corker was among a bipartisan group of senators yesterday who sent a letter to the president asking for an unclassified answer to whether “the Assad regime – or Syrian elements associated with, or supported by, the Assad regime – used chemical weapons in Syria since the current conflict began in March 2011.” “Today, the White House stated that the intelligence community has ‘assess[ed] with varying degrees of confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale in Syria, specifically the chemical agent, Sarin.’ This assessment is deeply troubling, and if correct, means that President Obama’s redline has certainly been crossed. While more work needs to be done to fully verify this assessment—like making sure we understand the chain of custody of the evidence—it is becoming increasingly clear that we must step up our efforts. I should make clear, however, that it if it comes to the use of military force, before the president takes any action to commit U.S. forces to any effort in Syria or elsewhere, I expect him to fully consult with the Senate and seek an authorization for the use of military force,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZvRN8M.
Watch Senator Corker today at 1:35 p.m. ET on MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Reports to talk about the need for more American leadership to prevent a collapse of Syria that would put the U.S. at risk: http://nyti.ms/12HPEqf.
In a New York Times op-ed today, U.S. Senator Bob Corker, R- Tenn., ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, notes the risks of “a chaotic collapse of the Syrian state” and says “American leadership…[is] likely to be the only thing that can tip the balance, help end the bloodshed and halt brewing threats to us and our allies.” http://nyti.ms/12HPEqf
Watch Sen. Corker during today’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing at 10:00 a.m. ET on the FY'14 foreign aid budget with testimony from USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah. http://1.usa.gov/Y47mES
Senators Corker and Alexander met with over 175 Tennesseans at this morning’s constituent breakfast on Capitol Hill. The breakfast, Tennessee Tuesday, is held each week the Senate is in session. For more information, please visit: http://1.usa.gov/14qbW20.
Senator Corker made the following statement yesterday after voting in favor of debating S. 743, “The Marketplace Fairness Act of 2013.” “I think most Tennesseans would agree that we’re fortunate not to have a state income tax, and to help ensure that remains the case, it’s important our sales tax system works. This is a states’ rights bill that gives states like Tennessee the ability to enforce existing state tax laws and collect sales taxes on online purchases if they choose. It also levels the playing field between local brick-and-mortar businesses, who have invested in the state and currently have to collect sales taxes, and online retailers who are sometimes out-of-state entities and do not have to collect the Tennessee sales tax,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/Zi9iZ5.
Federal Housing Finance Agency Acting Director Edward DeMarco today praised the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act” at a Senate Banking Committee hearing. Senator Corker introduced the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act” in March. He was joined in the effort by Banking Committee colleagues Mark Warner, David Vitter and Elizabeth Warren. In his prepared remarks, Acting Director DeMarco stated, “The first time I appeared before this Committee as Acting Director, Senator Corker asked me a question I couldn’t answer: how do we transition away from this mess to a better system. Over the past three-and-a-half years I have thought about that question. My prepared statement provides my answer. Our strategic plan for the Enterprise conservatorships and the specific plans in the 2013 scorecard set forth a transition path and FHFA’s efforts to-date to get that transition going.  But we can’t complete the transition until we know the final destination. And for that, the country needs Congress to give us that destination.  I am thankful for recent action by this Committee towards that end, particularly the budget resolution that prevents further use of g-fees to fund the government. And I am supportive of the bipartisan Jumpstart GSE Reform Act. Much remains to be done.” Read more: 1.usa.gov/ZAl1ys.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker is now participating in a Senate Banking Committee oversight hearing on the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/X2WtgF.
TUNE IN: At 9:30 a.m. ET today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, will participate in a hearing on the president’s FY 2014 State Department budget request. The hearing will feature testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/15i0zt3.
Senator Corker opposed Toomey-Manchin today saying it was overly burdensome and creates uncertainty.
In a WSJ op-ed (http://on.wsj.com/15cCSlS) today, Sen. Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, discusses North Korea and the need for the U.S. to convince China that their continued support of North Korea is not in their interests.
There’s a lot of confusion out there. Here are the facts: Senator Corker is a strong supporter of the Second Amendment and has an “A” rating from the NRA. http://1.usa.gov/ZlPS1J His vote Thursday was to allow S. 649 to be debated and amended and was not scored by the NRA. There will be another vote next week (which will also require 60 votes for passage) to allow a final vote on the bill. Senator Corker has said he will filibuster any legislation that violates our Second Amendment rights.
Senator Corker voted today to allow S. 649 to be considered, debated and amended, saying: "...in the end, I will not support any legislation that violates our Second Amendment rights.” More: http://1.usa.gov/121pKxl http://1.usa.gov/XGfVFy
TUNE IN: At 2:15 p.m. ET today, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, will participate in a hearing to examine United States policy toward Syria. Watch here: http://1.usa.gov/Yq7pdi.
Senator Corker expressed disappointment today in the Postal Service’s decision to delay implementation of 5-day delivery of some postal products. According to a statement from the United States Postal Service Board of Governors, Congress left the Postal Service “with no choice but to delay implementation” of the five-day-a-week plan. The Postal Service estimated it would save roughly $2 billion a year by moving to 5-day delivery of some postal products. “I’m very disappointed the Postal Service has succumbed to congressional pressure and is delaying implementation of a cost-saving 5-day delivery plan, and I fear that by continuing to hamstring the Postal Service, Congress is hastening its demise and probably adding additional financial burdens to U.S. taxpayers,” said Corker.
Senator Corker offered an initial reaction to the budget proposal released today by President Obama. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/14bSFlU.
Senator Corker today made the following statement on the passing of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. “Margaret Thatcher will rightly be remembered as a plain-spoken and aggressive advocate for democracy and free markets and for her strong leadership in the fight against communism, which helped preserve and strengthen Western values and institutions for generations to come. Her courage, clear thinking and lifelong friendship with the United States continues to inspire us all,” said Corker.
Following a trip to Japan, China and South Korea, Sen. Corker is on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports” now to discuss threats from North Korea.  In Seoul on Friday, March 29, Corker met with General James Thurman, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea, and later held discussions focused on North Korea with South Korean President Park Gyun-hye and the ministers for foreign affairs and defense.
Sen. Corker is on Fox News’ “America’s Newsroom” now to discuss North Korea following his recent trip to Japan, China and South Korea.  In Seoul on Friday, he met with General James Thurman, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea, and later held discussions focused on North Korea with South Korean President Park Gyun-hye and the ministers for foreign affairs and defense.
The Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress produced a video in honor of Senator Corker and Senator Mark Warner, the other award recipient. The video includes a section highlighting Senator Corker, which begins around the 11:10 mark. In the video, Senator Lamar Alexander speaks about Senator Corker’s approach to public service, saying, "I tell Tennesseans that if you wake up in the morning and you see something on television and you want to stand up and say, 'Why aren’t you doing that,' or, 'Why don’t you do that?,' Senator Corker is probably already up saying the same thing. He does his homework. He comes well-prepared. When he talks, we all listen. And he makes his own mind up. He’s an independent-minded fellow who in the end wants a result." Watch here: http://youtu.be/d2CqkOAJ_Z0.
Last Week, Senator Corker accepted the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress’ Publius Award for his bipartisan leadership in Congress. The Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress was founded in 1965, inspired by President Eisenhower’s call for an organization to preserve the lessons of history for his successors. It is a nonpartisan, nonprofit policy and education organization that applies strategic thinking and the leadership lessons of history to critical national challenges and opportunities. The Publius Award draws its name from Founder Fathers Alexander Hamilton, John Jay and James Madison, who authored the Federalist Papers under the collective pseudonym, Publius. Past recipients include former President Gerald Ford, former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and former Senate Majority Leaders Howard Baker and Bill Frist. Read more: http://bit.ly/WS2srB.
In Case You Missed It: View Senator Corker’s weekly newsletter, “Senate Budget Misses the Mark,” here: http://1.usa.gov/10fhDtP. Interested in receiving Senator Corker’s newsletter each week? You can sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/X8KpPj.
In a Bloomberg View op-ed (http://bloom.bg/102zLYi) today, Sen. Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, discusses the benefits for “America’s future competitiveness and prosperity” from completion of a successful U.S.-EU trade deal.
Today, Senator Corker cosponsored an amendment to the budget that would prohibit any increase in the guarantee fee – which is required to be charged by government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac – from offsetting additional government spending, an amendment aimed at the same problem Senator Corker and his colleagues Senators Warner, Vitter, and Warren would solve with their “Jumpstart GSE Reform” bill introduced last week. “I applaud all of the cosponsors of the amendment filed to the budget for highlighting the need for substantive and structural housing finance reform.  The reality is that if Congress were to spend ‘g’fee’ revenue from the GSEs on other programs, reforming Fannie and Freddie would become nearly impossible.  I believe this amendment, as well as my standalone bill, takes a necessary step to ensure housing finance reform can happen as soon as possible.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XvBsLT.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be participating in this afternoon’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing titled, “Counterterrorism Policies and Priorities: Addressing the Evolving Threat” at 4:00 p.m. ET. Watch live here: http://1.usa.gov/15rXhiE.
Today’s Washington Post editorial (http://wapo.st/ZKiToM) underscores Sen. Corker’s call for Congress to give the Postal Service the flexibility it needs to remain viable and not be a burden to taxpayers. Yesterday, Corker expressed strong disappointment that Congress will not vote on Sen. Tom Coburn’s amendment that would free the Postal Service to make one change it believes is necessary to reduce costs. The Postal Service estimates it would save roughly $2 billion a year by moving to five-day delivery for some postal products. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/YoRes7.
Senator Corker listens as Nashville Songwriter Hall of Fame member Roger Cook plays one of his hit compositions, “I’d Like to Teach the World to Sing,” today in Washington. Corker met with Cook and Nashville Songwriters Association International (NSAI) Executive Director Barton Herbison to discuss the value of music and other issues important to songwriters and music publishers.
Congress needs to stop hamstringing the Postal Service in order to reduce risk for taxpayers. “Like” and “Share” if you agree. Read more about Senator Corker’s disappointment here: http://1.usa.gov/YoRes7.
Senator Corker expressed strong disappointment that Congress will not vote on Senator Coburn's amendment that would free the Postal Service to make one change it believes is necessary to reduce costs.  Specifically, Senate Amendment 68, which Corker has cosponsored, would strike language in the CR that could mandate six-day delivery. The Postal Service estimates it would save roughly $2 billion a year by moving to five-day delivery for some postal products. “This is typical Washington—wanting to have our cake and eat it, too.  We all know that we need to allow the Postal Service the flexibility to make necessary reforms and cut costs so it can operate more efficiently and effectively, and yet Congress continues to stand in the way.  This is a missed opportunity to enable the Postal Service to enact reforms it sees are necessary in order to reduce risk for taxpayers.” http://1.usa.gov/YoRes7
Today’s Wall Street Journal editorial underscores Senator Corker’s call for Congress to stop hamstringing the U.S. Postal Service. Read more: http://on.wsj.com/15XXYT9. Earlier this month, Sen. Corker said, “This is the worst of Washington – here Congress is unable to pass reforms that would enable the Postal Service to operate and not be a burden to taxpayers, and yet Congress also continues to interfere and not allow the Postal Service to make the decisions it believes are necessary to operate viably in the future. If this action is carried through, Congress will be hamstringing the Postal Service, hastening its demise and probably adding additional financial burdens to U.S. taxpayers.”
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will be on CNN with Wolf Blitzer shortly to discuss the budget.
In an appearance today on Fox News Sunday, Senator Corker told host Chris Wallace that the country will know President Obama is serious about getting our fiscal house in order when the president "begins to say publicly to the American people... that he understands that Americans are only paying a third of the costs of Medicare, and that has to change for the program to be here down the road." Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, also applauded U.S. placement of missile interceptors in Alaska following recent North Korean nuclear and missile tests but urged the Obama administration to also locate missile defense capabilities on the East Coast to guard against threats from inter-continental ballistic missiles (ICBMs). He also questioned the administration's decision to cancel a portion of the European-based missile defense system originally agreed to as part of Senate negotiations over the New START treaty with Russia. Watch here: http://youtu.be/lvk0xYG4eDM.
In Case You Missed It: Several industry leaders praised the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act” as a step in the right direction this week, including President and CEO of the Mortgage Bankers Association David H. Stevens. “‘The Jumpstart GSE Reform Act is yet another clear example of the need for substantive GSE reform. U.S. Senators Bob Corker, R-Tenn., Mark Warner, D-Va., David Vitter, R-La., and Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass, are to be commended for introducing this piece of legislation and spearheading a transparent, complete discussion about the future of GSEs and the government’s role in the housing markets… It is imperative that Congress as well as the White House and key members of the housing community come together to create a comprehensive, transparent process that properly addresses the concerns and objectives of all affected stakeholders involved with GSE reform. Without this all inclusive, broad approach, uncertainty will continue and the housing market will be unable to fully rebound.’” Read more: http://bit.ly/Z7ynUB.
Senator Corker agrees with Navy Admiral James Stavridis’s remarks on the need for NATO allies to meet their commitments on defense spending. All North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies have agreed to allocate two percent of their gross domestic products on defense spending, but few currently meet that level of investment. "I commend Admiral Stavridis for stating the view shared by many Americans: our NATO allies are not carrying their weight, forcing American service members and taxpayers to bear the heaviest burden in NATO-led missions. This current arrangement where only three of the 28 nations meet their commitment to invest two percent of their economies on defense cannot continue," Corker said. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZGsT0O.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Corker is on “Fox News Sunday” from Chattanooga. Local listings: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on “Fox News Sunday” this morning to discuss the budget battle on Capitol Hill and other news of the week. See below to find out on what station and at what time the program airs in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
Tomorrow (March 17), Senator Corker will be a guest on “Fox News Sunday” to discuss the budget battle on Capitol Hill and other news of the week. See below to find out on what station and at what time the program airs in your area. For locations not listed below, click here: http://fxn.ws/QwUCmm.
On Thursday, Senator Corker addressed members of the United States Senate Youth Program (USSYP). USSYP is a week-long experience in Washington for outstanding high school students interested in pursuing careers in public service. Two student leaders from each state spent the week in Washington experiencing their national government in action. Prior to addressing the group, Corker met with Tennessee’s two student representatives, James Markos of Jackson and Samira Ibrahim of Sevierville. (Photo courtesy of Jakub Mosur)
On Tuesday, Senator Corker and Senator Alexander met with students from East Tennessee State University. The scholarship winning students were in Washington during their spring break to meet their representatives and learn about leadership in government.
Today’s Wall Street Journal opinion article by George Melloan underscores the need for substantive and structural housing finance reform. Read more here: http://on.wsj.com/10St4MW. Earlier today, Senators Corker, Warner, Vitter and Warren introduced the “Jumpstart GSE Reform Act.” More: http://1.usa.gov/WeG4JU.
It’s time to Jumpstart Fannie and Freddie reform. "Like" and "Share" if you agree. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WeG4JU.
In an effort to spur substantive and structural housing finance reform, Senators Bob Corker, Mark Warner, David Vitter, and Elizabeth Warren, all members of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs committee, today introduced the "Jumpstart GSE Reform Act."  "The reality is that if Congress were to spend 'g’fee' revenue from the GSEs on other programs, reforming these mortgage behemoths would become nearly impossible. At the same time, if Treasury were to decide to sell its preferred share investment without Congress having first reformed our housing sector, we would just be returning to a time where gains are for private shareholders and losses are for taxpayers. Neither of these is an acceptable outcome, so I’m very happy that Senators Warner, Vitter and Warren have joined me in this effort, and I hope Congress will take the necessary steps to ensure housing finance reform can happen as soon as possible," said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WeG4JU.
Are you on Twitter? Nearly 15,000 people use the site to keep up with Senator Corker. Visit https://twitter.com/senbobcorker and click “follow” so you can, too.
Senators Corker and Warner, both members of the Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, wrote to Attorney General Eric Holder today asking him to clarify his “too big to jail” remarks, comments he made last week regarding enforcement actions on money laundering and terrorism financing activities based on the size of the culpable institution. In a hearing on March 6, Holder stated, “I am concerned that the size of some of these institutions becomes so large that it does become difficult for us to prosecute them when we are hit with indications that if you do prosecute, if you do bring a criminal charge, it will have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy. And I think that is a function of the fact that some of these institutions have become too large.” In their letter, Corker and Warner ask if it is “truly the position of the Department of Justice that some financial institutions are large enough that their management is above prosecution in the case of a serious crime.” They further note that “like many of our colleagues, we believe that criminal behavior at any institution ought to be prosecuted, and responsible parties held accountable.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/13R6X9X.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker is participating in a Senate Banking Committee hearing on the nominations of Richard Cordray to be Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB) and Mary Jo White to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Watch live: http://1.usa.gov/X2WtgF.
Senator Corker is participating in a Foreign Relations Committee hearing on U.S. policy toward North Korea this morning. Tune in here: http://1.usa.gov/12wF8EB.
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will join hosts Norah O’Donnell and Charlie Rose on “CBS This Morning” shortly after 7:00 a.m. ET this morning.
Yesterday, Senators Corker and Alexander met with Delta Sigma Theta Sorority members from Tennessee at a weekly constituent breakfast the senators host each week the Senate is in session.
Today Sen. Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, commented on the death of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez. “Following the death of Hugo Chavez, it is my hope that all Venezuelans will have the opportunity to fully exercise their political rights, including freedom of expression and assembly, in fully free and fair constitutionally-mandated elections and build a more prosperous future for their country,” said Corker. http://1.usa.gov/W3BJIi
This morning, Senator Corker met with EMS professionals from across Tennessee at Tennessee Tuesday, the weekly constituent breakfast Corker and Senator Alexander host each week the Senate is in session.
Earlier today, Senator Corker met with a group of 85 Tennesseans who are in Washington for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee’s (AIPAC) annual policy conference. The group discussed key issues affecting the U.S.-Israel relationship and U.S. Middle East policy with Corker.
In response to reports of increased income at mortgage finance agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, Senator Corker, member of the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs committee, today said these profits must be used to repay taxpayers and reform our housing finance system after years of government dominance.  "It's great that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are showing an increase in income, but we need to remember that they are making money because the Fed's relentless mortgage asset purchases, artificially high conforming loan limits, and years of uncertainty over the new rules for private label securitization have completely crowded out private capital and made Fannie or Freddie the only viable execution option for new loans,” said Corker. “So while I am hopeful that taxpayers can quickly be repaid for their investment in the GSEs, any money that these government owned entities make must be allocated solely toward building a more sustainable 21st century system of housing finance that restores the private mortgage market after years of government dominance.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/XLn4yP.
Today marks the 1,400th day since the Democrat-controlled Senate passed a budget. Last month, Senator Corker said, “Failing to pass a budget and accomplish this most basic responsibility of government is a total failure of leadership and represents everything the American people hate about Washington. If Congress can’t perform its most basic responsibility, I worry how we’ll ever demonstrate the courage needed to make the tough decisions necessary to put our country on a path to fiscal solvency.” Like and Share if you agree.
In a Wall Street Journal op-ed today, Senators Bob Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, and Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, urge the president to honor his commitment to modernize U.S. nuclear weapons, warning against any attempt to “circumvent Congress” by pursuing further reductions “unilaterally.”  “President Obama has repeatedly identified nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism as key dangers to the United States and its allies. His analysis is correct, but that cannot be said about the centerpiece of his response: declaring America's commitment to eliminate its own nuclear weapons on the way to a world of ‘nuclear zero.’ Meanwhile, he has neglected to modernize the weapons that are essential to American security,” wrote Corker and Inhofe.  “The president has a choice: running into a likely stalemate on nuclear disarmament or working with Congress on practical and realistic steps to stop nuclear proliferation and improve nuclear security.”  Read more: http://on.wsj.com/YVbX7B
Yesterday, Senator Corker met with students, faculty and local business leaders at an event hosted by the University of Tennessee's Corporate Governance Center.
Senator Corker met with business and community leaders at an event hosted by the Chattanooga Area Chamber of Commerce this morning. Corker discussed our country's number one economic and national security issue: getting our fiscal house in order.
At the conclusion of a trip to Senegal, Mali, Algeria and Tunisia today, Sen. Corker said confronting the terrorist threat to the region requires international coordination.  “An increasingly dangerous spread of weapons and fighters across the region is also empowering al Qaeda to take advantage of impoverished and disenfranchised populations and ungoverned territories,” Corker said.  “It is clear that the international community needs a real, workable plan to combat the transnational terrorist threat confronting North Africa on a going-forward basis, rather than simply reacting to events as they happen, country by country..." Read more: http://1.usa.gov/ZrmE6E
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, received a briefing from AFISMA (African-led International Support Mission in Mali) command leadership in Bamako, Mali during a fact-finding trip in West Africa today
Senator Corker said he hopes President Obama will focus on fiscal issues when he delivers his State of the Union address tonight. "I think President Obama’s agenda should be one line: get our fiscal house in order. Two weekends ago I was in Munich with our allies and their greatest concern for our country is whether we’re going to have the courage and the will to put our fiscal house in order. It’s the number one national security issue, the number one economic security issue, and the number one issue that’s going to affect the quality of life of future generations," said Corker. "In order to honor the commitments that we have made to seniors, we have to reform Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. I hope the president tonight will move beyond platitudes – there’s been a lot of that over the last several years – and move to specifics to save these programs. If we can put these issues in the rearview mirror, our nation can begin putting all of our energies toward doing those things that will continue to make this the greatest nation on earth." http://bit.ly/WGUcuT
Senator Corker introduced legislation to re-establish price stability as the Federal Reserve’s single mandate. “Providing the Fed with a clear and explicit focus on keeping inflation low will serve America better than the broad, bipolar mandate it has today. The dual mandate blurs the line between fiscal and monetary policy and allows Congress to shirk its responsibility to enact sound budgets and policies that produce economic growth,” said Corker. “The best way to achieve full employment in the long-run is to provide markets certainty that long-term price stability will be maintained.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WMzy8M
Senators Bob Corker today voted against the debt limit bill and urged Congress to focus on reforming Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.  “I hope over the next few months the House and Senate will be able to come together and pass structural, transformative reforms to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid that will save these programs and put our country on a path to fiscal solvency,” said Corker. “We have an obligation to older and younger Americans. Young Americans expect us to solve our fiscal issues so they aren’t saddled with debt and robbed of their opportunity for the American dream, and seniors expect us to honor the commitments we have made to them.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/WVITfL
On Fox News Sunday today, Sen. Bob Corker called a federal appeals court’s ruling declaring several Obama administration appointments unconstitutional "a huge victory for anybody who believes in balance of power and the Constitution." He also defended Republican efforts to put Social Security and Medicare on a sustainable path and expressed frustration over the president's lack of emphasis on the need to solve the nation's fiscal challenges during his second inaugural address. Watch segments of the interview here: http://bit.ly/14o0cKN
REMINDER: Senator Corker will join host Chris Wallace and Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) this morning on “Fox News Sunday.” Local listings here: http://fxn.ws/10Z4jif.
Tomorrow morning, Senator Corker will appear on “Fox News Sunday.” See below for a list of air times and stations in Tennessee. http://fxn.ws/10Z4jif
Senator Corker today applauded a federal appeals court’s ruling that President Barack Obama violated the Constitution when he bypassed the Senate’s advice and consent authority in making so-called “recess” appointments last January. “This ruling is a huge victory for all who believe in balance of power and the rule of law,” said Corker. In September, Corker and 41 of his Senate colleagues filed an amicus brief in this case (Noel Canning v. NLRB), a challenge to the constitutionality of President Obama’s so-called “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January.
Senator Corker today commented on President Obama’s nominations for chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB): “I want to make sure both nominees are committed to working with Congress on technical and policy improvements to Dodd-Frank. The SEC needs to address the potential taxpayer liability from money market mutual funds,” said Corker. “Regarding the CFPB, while I respect Richard Cordray as a substantive person who has shown thoughtfulness in writing regulation up to now, I still have reservations about the CFPB’s structure, namely the lack of a board to help ensure sound policy and accountability, and I look forward to discussing with him how to address those concerns.”
Today at 10:00 a.m. ET, Senator Corker will participate in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the nomination of Senator John Kerry to be Secretary of State. Live streaming coverage is available here: http://1.usa.gov/WoNndz.
Senator Corker announced today he is an original cosponsor of “No Budget, No Pay,” bipartisan Senate legislation that would suspend pay for members of Congress if they fail to pass a budget and all appropriations bills by the beginning of the fiscal year on October 1. “Failing to pass a budget and accomplish this most basic responsibility of government is a total failure of leadership and represents everything the American people hate about Washington,” said Corker. “If Congress can’t perform its most basic responsibility, I worry how we’ll ever demonstrate the courage needed to make the tough decisions necessary to put our country on a path to fiscal solvency.” Corker has never accepted his Senate salary. Since taking office in 2007, his salary has gone directly to the Community Foundation of Greater Chattanooga which distributes it to various charities.
Today at 9:00 a.m. ET, Senator Corker will question Secretary of State Hillary Clinton about the Benghazi terrorist attack during a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.  Live streaming coverage is available on C-SPAN 3: http://cs.pn/nqkT9q
Senator Corker will be the lead Republican or “ranking member” of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for the 113th Congress. Corker's appointment will be confirmed today during a lunch meeting of Senate Republicans and is expected to be ratified when the Senate passes a resolution officially organizing committees in the coming days.  As ranking member, Corker will work with the chairman to represent the interests of his Republican colleagues and help carry out the legislative and oversight responsibilities of the committee.  “I am honored to have the opportunity to lead the Foreign Relations Committee on behalf of the minority, and as we enter this new Congress, it is my goal to see the committee play a more relevant role in international relations and be a place where we look at our national interests in the context of the longer view,” said Corker. “I also look forward to working with the chairman and my colleagues on the committee to carefully review programs and practices at USAID and the State Department, which hasn’t been done in a comprehensive way in decades..." Read more. http://1.usa.gov/UQ9PO3
Tomorrow (Tuesday) on Fox News’ “America's Newsroom” at 9:10 a.m. ET (8:10 a.m. CT), Senator Corker will discuss Wednesday’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the Benghazi terrorist attack that will feature testimony from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
Senator Corker made the following statement today regarding President Obama’s second inauguration, which falls on the same day the nation honors the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. “As we mark the beginning of President Obama’s second term and the start of the 113th Congress, my hope is that Dr. King’s legacy will inspire us to have the courage to take the steps we know are necessary to leave behind a better country for future generations.” http://1.usa.gov/Wazp21
Sen. Corker will be on Fox News "America's Newsroom" tomorrow at 9:10 a.m. ET (8:10 a.m. CT) to talk about reducing the deficit and rebuilding trust in Washington.
REMINDER: Senator Corker will be a guest on ABC’s “This Week” this morning. He will join host George Stephanopoulos, Senator Jack Reed (D-R.I.), Council on Foreign Relations President Richard Haas and ABC News Chief Global Affairs Correspondent Martha Raddatz for a broad foreign policy discussion. http://abcn.ws/10pMYyE
Senator Corker will be a guest on ABC’s “This Week” tomorrow morning. He will join host George Stephanopoulos, Senator Jack Reed (D-R.I.), Council on Foreign Relations President Richard Haas and ABC News Chief Global Affairs Correspondent Martha Raddatz for a broad foreign policy discussion. http://abcn.ws/10pMYyE
To begin reducing the nation’s long-term deficits and rebuilding the lack of trust in Washington over excessive spending, Senator Corker called on Congress to begin making reforms to Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security to deal with the upcoming fiscal deadlines.   He identified two reforms as a starting point: moving to a more accurate measure of inflation (“chained CPI”) and requiring wealthy seniors to contribute more for their Medicare benefits (“means testing”), both of which were advocated by the president’s Simpson-Bowles deficit commission and were considered in budget talks between President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner. “In our nation’s history, the best way big problems have been solved is through presidential leadership, but in the absence of a president who will lead on this issue, one constructive way to start tackling our financial deficit and the fiscal deadlines we face this quarter – raising the debt ceiling, passing a continuing resolution to fund government, and resolving the sequester – is to begin legislating on entitlements in areas where there has been strong bipartisan consensus in Congress as well as White House support: chained CPI adjustments and Medicare means testing,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/VQEWHy
Appearing in a "CBS This Morning" special report, Sen. Corker said the 80 percent error rate in Medicare's power wheelchair benefit "makes [his] blood boil" and is "taking total advantage of taxpayers" and seniors who have a legitimate medical need for a chair.  In September, Corker held a hearing of the Special Committee on Aging to examine a pilot program in seven states that will require prior authorization before chairs are delivered in order to reduce the rate of faulty claims. Watch the report here: http://bit.ly/UB876t
Senator Corker, who was elected overwhelmingly to a second term in November, was sworn in yesterday for a second term as the 113th Congress convened in Washington. Corker joined fellow senators in the Senate Chamber to take the oath, administered by Vice President Joe Biden. Following the official swearing in, senators participated in a reenactment with their families in the Old Senate Chamber. Corker’s wife, Elizabeth, watched from the Senate gallery as Corker was sworn in and joined him for the reenactment. “I am grateful for the tremendous privilege Tennesseans have given me once again to represent them in the U.S. Senate and to weigh in on the big issues facing our country. We face historic challenges that require both parties to work together, the most significant of which is dealing with our fiscal issues by reforming Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid so they are solvent for the long haul. I am more energized than ever and remain committed to offering meaningful solutions for these and other important issues,” Corker said. http://youtu.be/Nmhe6JRK8jo
On CNBC's "Squawk Box" today, Senator Corker expressed disappointment in the failure of a fiscal cliff agreement to reduce spending, saying the first quarter of the 113th Congress needs to be about one thing: entitlement reform, encouraging passage of his dollar-for-dollar legislation that would reduce the growth of spending on Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security by nearly $1 trillion in order to improve the programs' solvency. In exchange, Congress would approve the president's expected request for a $1 trillion increase in the debt ceiling. Watch the interview here:  http://bit.ly/ZUF5kw
After voting in favor of legislation to rescue 99 percent of the American people from a tax rate increase, Senator Corker said “it’s time to move on to the spending reductions that will be part of the debt ceiling package.”  “I am disappointed we could not address our country’s fiscal issues all at once, but unfortunately, the president made it clear that he was only willing to do this in two steps and leveraged the country and the economy to force revenues to be dealt with first. Now that we’ve addressed the revenue part of the equation, it’s time to move on to the spending reductions that will be part of the debt ceiling package.  Passing fundamental entitlement reform is the most important action we can take in ensuring our country’s solvency and now we must have the courage to finish the job and make the tough choices necessary to get these problems behind us once and for all,” said Corker. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/U7i37D
Tomorrow, Wednesday Jan. 2, at 8:00 a.m. ET (7:00 a.m. CT), Sen. Corker will be on CNBC’s "Squawk Box" to discuss the fiscal cliff.
