Hope everyone has a great time celebrating with family and friends. Merry Christmas!
“As we celebrate this holiday season, I want to thank all of our brave service men and women, and your families, for your service to our nation. Many of you are away from your homes and loved ones, and we cannot thank you and your families enough for the many sacrifices you are making to protect us and defend the freedoms that define our way of life. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to all our troops – especially those Tennesseans stationed overseas – and thank you for your service.”  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RIWjHPx4QU&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ
On Saturday, Sen. Alexander voted in favor of legislation to fund the federal government that keeps spending in check while supporting projects that are critical to Tennessee and our nation’s economic competitiveness and national security, including having the world’s fastest supercomputer at Oak Ridge and the Uranium Processing Facility at Y-12.  Alexander said, “Fiscal responsibility is about setting priorities, and I voted for this legislation because it helps keep spending in check while supporting projects that are crucial to Tennessee, as well as our country’s economic competitiveness and national security. Once again having the world’s fastest supercomputer in the United States – and once again having it in Oak Ridge – will help us remain a center for advanced manufacturing and scientific breakthroughs. Providing both funding and oversight of the Uranium Processing Facility supports jobs and national security, and continues our mission of completing this project on time and on budget.  “Unfortunately, President Obama and the Democratic Senate majority have not worked with Republicans to address the real driver of the federal government’s nearly $18 trillion debt: out-of-control entitlement spending. I hope that changes with a new Republican Senate majority. We need to pass a plan like the Fiscal Sustainability Act I proposed with Senator Corker, which would reduce the growth of entitlement spending by nearly $1 trillion over 10 years.”  Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=6e12f825-4bda-42d7-ba82-eb0009ae00d8
Senator Alexander made the following statement today after the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) released its final rule authorizing “ambush elections.” The rule shortens the length of time in which a labor union certification is held to as little as 10 days:  “The NLRB was established to be an impartial umpire in labor disputes, but has grown into an advocate for whichever party has the White House, a trend that has worsened under this president. The board’s ‘ambush election’ rule will sacrifice every employer’s right to free speech and every worker’s right to privacy for the sake of boosting organized labor, and I believe a new majority in the Senate will vote to disapprove this rule.”  Read the full statement from Sen. Alexander and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=1ac08f54-1170-4237-abba-82a0b8ea59f7
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, check out my recent newsletter on some of the important issues I’ve been working on in Tennessee and Washington this year, including creating jobs in Tennessee, fighting and preventing the spread of Ebola, reforming student aid, and securing our border. As the year comes to an end, I am preparing to fix our broken system in Washington and move our country in a new direction as part of a new Republican majority in the U.S. Senate.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsletterarchive?ID=0af49775-f586-4275-8d25-c9ce0c82e9a4  To sign up for Alexander’s newsletter, click here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsletter
Special thanks to my staff for surprising me today with some Christmas treats for the newest addition to the Alexander family, Rufus. Looking forward to getting back home to Tennessee and celebrating the holidays with family and friends.
Major Generals Gus Hargett and Max Haston present Senator Alexander with a model of the C-17s the Tennessee National Guard now flies in Memphis.
Today, the Senate unanimously passed the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act, which would reauthorize federal programs and grants to assist states with improvements to their life-saving newborn screening programs, affecting nearly 80,000 infants born in Tennessee each year.  Sen. Alexander praised the bill saying, “The legislation passed by the Senate today will improve life-saving screenings for nearly 80,000 infants born in Tennessee every year—as well as ensure that parents and doctors have the information and resources they need to keep the newborns in their care as safe as possible. Senator Hatch and Senator Hagan have done great work with this bill, and I look forward to the House quickly taking up and passing this important legislation.”  Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=49250264-5003-471c-b5b6-802e4ff988c7
Sen. Alexander today announced that his legislation designating three sites of the World War II-era Manhattan Project, including sites at Oak Ridge, as a National Historical Park has passed the U.S. House of Representatives.  Alexander said, “The Manhattan Project is one of the most significant events in American history, and this legislation will protect and preserve these sites, including those at Oak Ridge, and designate them as a national historical park,” said Alexander. “Oak Ridge continues to serve as a global resource for scientific discovery, and this national historical park will provide the opportunity to learn about the significance of the Manhattan Project and how it continues to shape our history.”  For more on this story, check out Oak Ridge Today’s article HERE: http://oakridgetoday.com/2014/12/04/u-s-house-passes-manhattan-project-park-bill-includes-oak-ridge/
Sen. Alexander spoke on the Senate floor on legislation passed by the House of Representatives today that would allow construction to replace Chickamauga Lock to resume as early as 2016. The legislation would provide about $260 million for inland waterways projects across the country over the next 10 years.  “Replacing Chickamauga Lock keeps good jobs flowing into Chattanooga and East Tennessee – including at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, nuclear facilities and manufacturing plants – makes it easier for recreational boaters to go through the lock at no cost, and keeps 150,000 trucks from clogging up I-75,” Alexander said.  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=377864db-b76f-4aae-ba3b-029661e8c7de  Watch Alexander’s floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksm9M5c9ApI&feature=youtu.be
Yesterday the Senate unanimously passed Sen. Alexander’s bill that would help spur the development of Ebola vaccines and drugs. Passage of the Adding Ebola to the FDA Priority Review Voucher Program Act is  “an important step in the fight against Ebola, which we hope will one day help lead to a cure,” Sen. Alexander says.  Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=3112f44d-7b49-494d-8d82-ee1d6a4460a6
Check out Jennifer Rubin’s column in today’s Washington Post, “School reform can move beyond Common Core,” outlining Sen. Alexander’s plans to fix No Child Left Behind. Alexander’s legislation, the Every Child Ready for College or Career Act, would end the administration’s National School Board and return all decisions about academic standards, curriculum, and evaluation of teachers to state and local school boards. Rubin says Alexander’s approach to fixing NCLB “would clarify once and for all that states have the responsibility for developing and implementing their own standards and developing appropriate testing to measure their students’ proficiency.”  Read the full article HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=e5ef2f5e-2f2a-4103-9088-2990025bef8c
Check out today’s Associated Press article, “No Child Left Behind gets renewed focus,” on Sen. Alexander’s plan to fix the law and move decisions about education standards back to states, communities, and parents.  Alexander says, "excessive regulation of local schools by Washington is getting in the way of better schools."  Read the full story HERE: http://bigstory.ap.org/article/cf218cbf5f5f4f3c8b8f943893a33a0d/republicans-push-update-education-law
Today marks the 89th anniversary of the founding of the Grand Ole Opry, the longest continuously running weekly radio broadcast with more than 4,500  consecutive Saturday evening shows and counting.   As Senator Alexander says, “There’s nothing quite like the Grand Ole Opry. If you understand how important the Alamo is to Texans, you’ll understand how important the Grand Ole Opry is to Tennesseans. And not just Tennesseans, but to many, many Americans. In the spirit of Minnie Pearl and the thousands of Americans who have created and enjoyed the Grand Ole Opry, Happy 89th Birthday, Grand Ole Opry.”
“Thanksgiving is a holiday that is uniquely American, and this year, I am particularly mindful of those things that make our country exceptional. I am especially thankful for our military men and women who protect the freedom we celebrate at this time of Thanksgiving.  So, as you gather with family and friends over the holiday season, I hope you’ll join me in reflecting on what it means to be an American and be thankful for our many blessings.” – Lamar Alexander
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, check out the Wall Street Journal’s article, “Chronicling EEOC’s Abuses,” on Senator Alexander’s report released Monday that highlights the EEOC’s abuse of private employers under the Obama administration.   “Courts have found EEOC’s litigation tactics to be so egregious they have ordered EEOC to pay defendants’ attorney’s fees in ten cases since 2011. The courts have criticized EEOC for misuse of its authority, poor expert analysis, and pursuit of novel cases unsupported by law,” Alexander’s report said.   Read more HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=9d6297f3-ae13-40f4-8c50-b2d732f641d2   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsD8DNXUKDQ&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ
In response to President’s Obama’s decision to unilateral decision to grant executive amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants, Sen. Alexander said, “Our Founders did not want a king and the American people don’t want a president who acts like one. Our immigration system is broken and our border is a mess. The president should be working with Congress to secure the border and create a system of legal immigration – not disregarding the rule of law and the will of the American people.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=3c7da557-5df9-4904-939e-5fc77dc8f9ab
In an interview today with the Nashville Business Journal’s Eleanor Kennedy, Senator Alexander discusses his plans under the GOP-controlled Congress next year to repair the damage done by Obamacare, saying Republicans “want to give Americans more choices and lower costs for their health insurance."  Read the full article HERE: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=d2910341-1fc1-4877-a7c6-bf9fa052883f
In response to Senate Democrats’ failure to pass a bill to approve the Keystone Pipeline, Alexander said, “After six years of delay, Senate Democrats have yet again prevented approval of the Keystone XL pipeline, a project that will create thousands of jobs, help grow our economy, and bring the United States one step closer to energy independence with little impact on the environment. Passage of this bill is long overdue, and I hope under a new Republican Senate majority that the president will not continue stall this project for political reasons any longer.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=df62efd5-f5d3-41b5-a807-07d6b2f2430b
Sens. Alexander and Corker met with constituents from across the state at this morning’s Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast hosted by both senators.   We would love for you to join us for Tennessee Tuesday during your visit to Washington. Please visit the following link to learn how to sign up: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tennesseetuesdays
In case you missed it, on Friday, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel warned that the U.S. needs to upgrade its nuclear deterrent. Senator Alexander, the top Republican on the committee that oversees funding for nuclear weapons, said he’s “glad Secretary Hagel is acknowledging that we need to upgrade our nuclear deterrent – the problem, as in so many cases, is that the Obama administration isn’t saying how to pay for it. Secretary Hagel’s words are more evidence that the president and Congress need to restrain out-of-control entitlement spending and fix the nearly $18 trillion federal debt so there will be funding for urgent national security needs.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=8e74baa5-dcbb-4b8d-88ce-9c84ac32c79c
Today, Sen. Alexander and Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz announced that Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee will soon have the world’s fastest next-generation supercomputer. This new computer will support advanced scientific and materials research to improve economic and national security at five times the performance of the current system. Alexander has been an advocate for this technology and consistently supported legislation to improve our nation’s supercomputing technology.  Alexander said, “Once again the world’s fastest computer will be in the United States, and once again it will be at Oak Ridge. Supercomputing has helped Tennessee become a center for advanced manufacturing with the arrival of new companies, including several in the auto industry, creating thousands of good-paying jobs. Tennessee can continue to thrive and create many more good jobs with the use of this new supercomputer.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=08918961-e9c1-46e7-b0b9-33d9aef7ac42
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, Bridgestone America announced Tuesday that it will build its new headquarters in Nashville, bringing 600 new jobs to Tennessee. Senator Alexander praised Bridgestone’s decision, which makes it one of many other companies, such as Hankook Tire, Beretta, and General Motors, to recently announce they will be expanding to Tennessee and bringing many new, good jobs the state.   Alexander says, “Bridgestone’s decision to build its new headquarters in downtown Nashville and bring 600 additional jobs to Tennessee is further proof that our state is headed in the right direction. Tennessee’s low taxes, right-to-work law and other advantages continue to make it an ideal place for the automotive industry to invest.”  Read more from WKRN here: http://www.wkrn.com/story/27356652/bridgestone-announces-plans-to-move-headquarters-to-downtown-nashville  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=17a8e25c-7281-4b54-91ee-0ad77c0e80ea
“Today we honor the men and women who have selflessly sacrificed to defend our freedom and way of life. We couldn’t possibly thank enough those who have worn the uniform of our Armed Services for their courage and dedication to our nation and for keeping us safe. So many of our servicemen and women are often far away from their loved ones, and we thank them and their families for their great sacrifice.” – Lamar Alexander
“Yesterday Americans elected a new Senate majority determined to fix our broken system and move our country in a new direction. I intend to help do this in a way Tennesseans know well—to work with others to get results. Americans want senators who know how to do more than make a speech; they want results. Republicans in the Senate are ready to hit the ground running with proposals to grow jobs, turn our health care system in the direction of more choices and lower costs, return control over our public schools to communities and classroom teachers, and put an end to the Obama administration’s unconstitutional overreach into so many areas of Americans’ lives.” – Senator Lamar Alexander
Check out Wild Side TV’s feature “Trout in Trouble?” on the Dale Hollow and Erwin fish hatcheries that Sen. Alexander has fought to keep open. These fish hatcheries, which are threatened to be closed, are vital to keeping trout in Tennessee streams. As Sen. Alexander says, “If you catch a trout in Tennessee, there’s a pretty good chance it comes from Dale Hollow, and Erwin produces brook stock for fish across the country.”  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRJ1KWa8UeQ&feature=youtu.be
As Senator Alexander told Heritage High School students in Maryville today, "If you want a friend in Washington, D.C., get a dog." That's a quote from President Harry Truman and rule No. 247 in Lamar Alexander's “Little Plaid Book.” Senator Alexander shared a picture of his new friend, Rufus, at Cracker Barrel in East Ridge on Thursday.
On Friday, Sens. Alexander and Corker hosted a fact-finding roundtable in Chattanooga on preparedness for Ebola. The senators met with local health officials and medical experts at Memorial Hospital where they highlighted the work being done in Hamilton County and in Tennessee that is critical to our country’s Ebola response and overall preparedness.   “If Ebola were to reach Tennessee, we need to know that our local health care workers on the front lines are ready to treat this deadly disease.” – Sen. Alexander   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=02acf15b-425d-40ec-bd70-85e7a66c5a44
Today, Senator Alexander met with cadets in the ROTC program at East Tennessee State University, one of the programs Sen. Alexander helped fight to keep open last year, saying, “These programs have produced some of our nation’s outstanding military leaders…This is a major victory for these students.”
ICYMI, check out the Washington Times’ article, “Obamacare sends health premiums skyrocketing by as much as 78 percent,” on a new study by State Farm that compares health insurance policies before and after Obamacare, showing how premiums have drastically increased since its implementation.   Sen. Alexander says Republicans are ready to take the health care debate in a new direction with “proposals that move our country step by step toward more freedom, more choices, and lower costs—repairing the damage Obamacare has done and preventing future damage.”  Read the full article here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/oct/28/obamacare-sends-health-premiums-skyrocketing-by-as/?page=all#pagebreak
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out Politico Pro’s article, “Alexander Hails Tennessee Move on Common Core,” on Senator Alexander’s response to Govenor Haslam’s decision to put the state’s K-12 academic standards, including Common Core, to a public review, which Alexander says “will ensure that Tennessee families’ best interests come first, instead of the wishes of distant Washington bureaucrats.”   Sen. Alexander has introduced a bill, the Every Child Ready for College or Career Act, that would “end the National School Board and return decisions over standards and curriculum to states and local school boards will allow Gov. Haslam and the state of Tennessee to have 100 percent control over what Tennessee’s academic standards are.”   Read the full article here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=4ca5151b-4bee-4fc9-95bc-24bd9fa0a418   http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=4ef4e7de-1d0f-41e8-b79c-544c7194d73d
Today, Sen. Alexander attended the AutoConnect 2014 luncheon in Nashville, where he told leaders of the auto industry that in order to maintain its position as the nation's leading state for new auto jobs, Tennessee needs to defend its right-to-work law, continue to have the nation's best four-lane highway system, and provide a skilled workforce for the advanced manufacturers that are looking for a place to “build in the United States what they sell in the United States.”  Alexander said, “I’ve recently visited several of the new auto manufacturing plants and suppliers around the state. It is evident that our state is the right place for the auto industry and the many good jobs it brings. At a time when it’s too hard for Americans to find a job, Tennessee needs to continue to provide a friendly business climate to the auto industry with strong right-to-work laws, a skilled workforce, and the best highway system to keep attracting these new good jobs to our state.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=b3a081a8-0ba7-42bd-91eb-f4279844f6aa
Sen. Alexander signs the final beam of Eastman Chemical Company’s Corporate Business Center, the latest milestone of the company’s expansion, which Alexander and Eastman executives commemorated during a Topping Out ceremony at the company’s Kingsport headquarters today.   “Eastman has renewed its commitment to thousands of families in Upper East Tennessee. We are fortunate to have this global company improving the region and boosting the local economy. This expansion and the company’s continued investment in Tennessee further show that Eastman and the good jobs it is creating are right where those jobs ought to be.” – Lamar Alexander   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=96bf4828-35df-4982-a085-ba3f6c2ce7bc
Today, Sen. Alexander visited Eastman Chemical Company in Kingsport, Tenn., where Alexander and Eastman executives commemorated the latest milestone of the company’s expansion at a Topping Out ceremony at the company’s new Corporate Business Center.   “Eastman has renewed its commitment to thousands of families in Upper East Tennessee. We are fortunate to have this global company improving the region and boosting the local economy. This expansion and the company’s continued investment in Tennessee further show that Eastman and the good jobs it is creating are right where they ought to be.” – Lamar Alexander   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=96bf4828-35df-4982-a085-ba3f6c2ce7bc
Senator Alexander today joined several of East Tennessee's top higher education leaders, students, and parents for a roundtable at Pellissippi State Community College in Knoxville to talk about education.
Yesterday, Senator Alexander called for restricted travel from Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone to the U.S. to help prevent the spread of Ebola.   “Given the spread of Ebola in Dallas, the most sensible way to prevent the spread of Ebola in the United States is to restrict travel to the U.S. from Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone in West Africa to essential personnel, and to develop quarantine procedures for anyone from those countries arriving in the United States. These individuals should be monitored for symptoms for 21 days to make certain they are not infected with Ebola.   In addition, I again urge the president, as I did last week, to designate immediately a single cabinet member to coordinate a more urgent Ebola response among all U.S. agencies involved and other countries that should be more involved. This crisis needs stronger leadership and a greater sense of urgency from the president."
NA
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: As the Obama administration broadcast its economic report on millennials, Sen. Alexander released five facts on the reality for this generation under this administration, including an out-of-control federal debt burden, more expensive healthcare under Obamacare, lower salaries, difficulty finding a job, and uncertainty about their health care in retirement.   “What the Obama administration’s report neglects to say is that under this administration, we are watching America pass from the hands of the Greatest Generation to what will forever be known as ‘the debt-paying generation,’ with nothing to show for it but the bill. Republicans have proposals to create jobs, to save entitlement programs that Americans depend upon, and to repair the damage Obamacare has done and prevent future damage. It’s time for President Obama to show the same kind of leadership and work with Republicans on these serious issues facing young Americans today.”     Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=1a24c8da-620a-4c13-93fb-b9c08b3e41ec
Senator Alexander presents Hankook Tire Vice Chairman Seung Hwa Suh with a reproduction of the original manuscript of the Tennessee Waltz at the groundbreaking of Hankook’s first tire manufacturing plant in North America in Clarksville, TN. The new plant will create 1,800 new jobs in Tennessee, which Alexander said is one more sign that “Tennessee is the most attractive state for new jobs in the auto industry.”
Yesterday, Senator Alexander spoke to the Maryville Kiwanis Club about how it is too hard to find a job in this country and the need to get Washington out of the way of Tennessee businesses trying to expand and create more good jobs.
NA
Check out The Hill’s article on Sen. Alexander’s call to the Obama administration to screen all passengers for Ebola arriving on flights to the U.S. from West African countries as a precaution to keep Americans safe from the deadly virus and to accelerate the U.S. response to the epidemic.  “We must take the deadly, dangerous threat of Ebola in West Africa as seriously as we take the ISIS threat in the Middle East," Alexander warned. "The spread of this disease requires a more urgent response from the United States and other countries.”  Read more here: http://thehill.com/regulation/219772-senator-calls-for-ebola-screening-at-airports 
In response to President Obama’s announcement last night that he plans to take unilateral executive action on immigration “between the November election and the end of the year,” Senator Alexander said:   “If the president is so eager to ignore the law, Congress, and the Constitution by granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants, he should do it now instead of waiting till after the election. That way the American people will be reminded as they go to vote just how much disrespect he has for the law and Congress and the American people themselves. We need a Republican Senate majority to stop this president and take this country in a new, more conservative direction.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=609fefb9-51b0-4568-83b3-fe9ca2f307cc
Sen. Alexander today called on the Obama administration to immediately rescind the Education Department’s 37-page guidance issued to instruct 14,000 local school districts from Washington on how to distribute state, local and federal funds to ensure students have equal access to educational resources and instead submit the proposal to Congress to approve or reject.   “This administration’s National School Board has gone from telling states what academic standards they should set to, now, making decisions for our school districts about school wi-fi hotspots, air conditioning systems, performance art spaces or the quality of the carpeting in the hallways. Tennessee’s 1 million public school students are only going to learn what they need to know from the teachers, principals, and school officials who know them best—not from the bureaucrats running the National School Board in Washington.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=e491a285-faa4-440f-aba3-ad2e82a9ef82
On the first anniversary of the Obamacare exchanges opening, another 2,000 Tennesseans are receiving notices this month of their health plans being canceled, which Sen. Alexander says “is one more reason that it should be the last anniversary.”   “Today we learn that 2,000 more Tennesseans are losing their plans because of Obamacare and joining the likes of Emilie from Middle Tennessee, who last year lost her $50-a-month CoverTN plan because of Obamacare and is now paying nearly $400 a month for a new plan. Today is the first anniversary of the Obamacare exchanges, and this news is one more reason that it should be the last anniversary—it’s time to give Tennesseans more choices for affordable care, not fewer.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=2e32f610-df66-45cb-bb81-5b648a503e7b
Check out Senator Alexander’s “Conservative Alternative” to fix the damage that Obamacare has done, prevent future damage, and transform our health-care step by step, in Politico Magazine’s article “Obamacare 2.0.”    “Obamacare is so flawed that it cannot be fixed. Instead of tinkering at the edges of this historic mistake, we need to move as rapidly and responsibly as we can in an entirely different direction. We need to transform our health-care delivery system into one that emphasizes freedom and choice and lower costs.”  http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/09/obamacare-20-111447.html#ixzz3EoKHifLw 
Sen. Alexander said the recent study by PricewaterhouseCoopers showing that health insurance premiums for Tennesseans will increase by an average of 14 percent in 2015 is “one more reason Americans need a Republican majority in the Senate to start over to repair the damage Obamacare has done and prevent future damage.”  “Too many Tennesseans and Americans around the country have been hurt by the false promises that led to Obamacare becoming law—and this report is simply more evidence of damage these empty claims have caused,” said Alexander, the senior Republican on the Senate health committee.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=78c00a42-5a80-4ec0-a2d2-579c2a08e436
Today is National Hunting and Fishing Day. Senator Alexander has always been an avid supporter hunting and fishing and says, “Tennessee is one of the best states for hunting and fishing.”   Read more on Sen. Alexander’s work to protect the right to hunt and fish: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=eab33f90-6079-4f67-aace-4f5fbaee3e31
Sen. Alexander shakes hands with Elom Dumenyo, Boys and Girls Club of Middle Tennessee “Youth of the Year,” before speaking to a room of 185 children at the Andrew Jackson Club of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Middle Tennessee in Nashville yesterday afternoon. Alexander talked about his good friend Alex Haley’s book, “Roots,” in which Haley talks about how to “find the good and praise it.” He encouraged them to read the book and “be inspired by the fact that a young man or young woman just like you could grow up and win a Pulitzer Prize writing a book about your family…There’s no reason you can’t think that big, too.”
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out Vanderbilt University News article, “Alexander’s visit highlights efforts to confront Ebola” on Sen. Alexander’s roundtable yesterday with health experts from Vanderbilt and the State of Tennessee to discuss the need for an urgent response to the Ebola outbreak. Alexander lauded VUMC and Tennessee health experts for their preparedness and efforts to combat Ebola and other potential threats.   “I believe that we should treat the Ebola epidemic as seriously as we treat ISIS,” Alexander said. “And I’m not given to overstatement.”  Read more here: http://news.vanderbilt.edu/2014/09/alexander-visit-highlights-efforts-to-confront-ebola/ 
“I hope the president will nominate an attorney general this time who will faithfully apply the laws Congress has passed and not seek to impose policies the president wishes Congress had passed. The role of the top law enforcement officer in the country is to enforce the law—not to advance the president’s agenda.” – Sen. Lamar Alexander on resignation of Eric Holder, who is announcing today he will resign as soon as his successor is confirmed.  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=fb049949-d35f-423c-807c-6b7f7dc62f07
Today, Sen. Alexander hosted a roundtable at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville where he met with Vanderbilt Ebola researchers and Tennessee health experts who are developing treatments to combat Ebola and other deadly viruses. Alexander said Tennessee and the nation must be prepared to respond to the Ebola epidemic “with the urgency required of a threat as deadly and dangerous as ISIS.”  “Unless it is controlled, this will be one of the most explosive, dangerous, deadly epidemics in modern times and Tennesseans are helping in the nation’s response as well as preparing for any threat here at home,” Alexander said. “There is no known cure. Half of those who get sick from Ebola die. Each sick person could put up to 20 other people at risk, including caregivers, friends, or family. Vanderbilt researchers and state officials know we need to run toward the burning flames with fireproof suits on.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=905b5a4e-e6ed-4dd4-acb8-972902b0410d
Today, Senator Alexander presented Maryville Daily Times editorial page editor Dean Stone with a statement he placed in the Congressional Record recognizing Dean’s importance to Blount County and in honor of his 90th birthday. Dean gave Sen. Alexander his first real job as school page editor for Maryville High.
Last week, Sen. Alexander released a list of “top five issues” the Senate should be addressing instead of going into recess for nearly seven weeks, saying Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Democrats have “wasted time on political stunts.”  “The Senate should be working instead of going into recess, and a Republican majority wouldn’t tolerate such nonsense,” Alexander said. “We should be standing up to terrorists, repairing the damage of Obamacare, making it easier to find a good job, sending education decisions back to states and fixing the debt.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=841ac741-8f7c-48c3-a9a8-1ef3c9b89783
Today, on the six-year anniversary of the original approval request for the Keystone XL Pipeline, Sen. Alexander sent a letter with all 45 Republican senators to the president calling on him to approve the pipeline, saying, “it’s long past time to make a decision.”  “After six years of postponing thousands of shovel-ready jobs, the president should stop delaying this decision and approve the construction permit for a project that will create thousands of jobs, grow our economy, and improve our energy security by making use of more North American oil,” Alexander said. “The United States should not be held hostage by any other country because of our need for energy, and the president’s approval of Keystone would bring us one step closer to energy independence.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=d7c4500a-5754-40e2-8caf-6ab3bc3a904f
Today, Senator Alexander received the National Federation of Independent Business’s “Guardian Award” for his leadership and dedication to standing up for small businesses.  “One of my primary concerns in the Senate is our country’s top job creators – small businesses – and what Congress can do to help them put people back to work. I’m honored to receive this award from the NFIB, and it is one more confirmation that the best thing Congress can do to defend small businesses is keep their taxes low, cut red tape, and get the government out of their way so they can create good-paying jobs.” – Senator Lamar Alexander
“The Declaration of Independence was written in 1776, but it was 13 years later – September 17th, 1787 – before we ratified our Constitution. Constitution Day provides a good opportunity to put the teaching of American history and civics back in its rightful place in our schools so our children can grow up learning what it means to be an American.”
Today, Senator Alexander spoke with witnesses in a joint HELP and Appropriations Committee hearing, including Ebola survivor Dr. Kent Brantley, on how to control the Ebola epidemic saying, “We must take the dangerous, deadly threat of Ebola epidemic as seriously as seriously as we take ISIS.”  Alexander continued, “The spread of this disease deserves a more urgent response from our country and other countries around the world than it’s now getting. This is one of the most explosive, deadly epidemics in modern times...It will require a huge and immediate response.”  View Alexander’s opening remarks, here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJWLULlfWuM&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ 
Today, Senator Alexander, the top Republican on the Senate labor committee, and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell introduced the “NLRB Reform Act” to turn the National Labor Relations Board from an advocate to an umpire in labor disputes.   “Thousands of private-sector workers in Tennessee are affected by decisions made at the National Labor Relations Board—which for too long has been acting as an advocate for one interest or another instead of an impartial umpire. The board is too partisan, swinging from one side to the other with each new administration.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=67fce1d6-ff3e-4d60-9d26-fe90444aba55   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww8uCMXq4OM&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ
“Thirteen years ago today, terrorists killed thousands of Americans and forever changed our nation. Today we remember those we lost, and we honor the first responders and servicemen and -women who have given their lives and those who are fighting at home and abroad to protect Americans and defend our freedom. We came together as a country to respond to the horrific 9/11 attacks, and today as we face ISIS, a brutal and different kind of threat to civilization, we must come together again to send a clear signal to the world that we have the resolve to see this through to the end.” – Senator Lamar Alexander
“The president should present his plan to Congress and gain congressional support to destroy ISIS. This is a brutal and different kind of threat to civilization – the administration says it could take two or three years to stop ISIS, and it could take longer. Having the support of Congress is essential to uniting our country and other nations behind the president’s objective, and to making sure we have the resolve to see this through to the end.” - Senator Alexander in response to the president's speech on ISIS
This afternoon, Senator Alexander met with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) “Principals of the Year” from Tennessee, Dr. John Ash of Murfreesboro and Dr. Scott Porter of Alcoa, to congratulate them on their award.
Today, Senator Alexander announced his opposition to the Senate Democrats’ attempt to change the First Amendment of the Constitution to give politicians in Washington the power to limit voters’ right to free speech, saying, “No Tennessean should have to ask Congress, ‘Mother, May I?’ before exercising the right to free speech.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=e2ba0e30-ea70-4f4a-8c3f-2ad034df2183
“It's not enough for the president to wait until after the election to act on immigration. Under our Constitution, he should wait until Congress passes a law. The Founders of our country did not want a king and the American people do not want a president who acts like one. Every voter this November should take into account this shameful presidential trick of delaying action until after the election.” – Senator Alexander in response to the president’s decision to delay any action on immigration until after the November election  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=7e349b32-f633-47ad-aeaf-9b7c40cd651d 
This week, Sen. Alexander toured the Dale Hollow National Fish Hatchery in Celina. Senator Alexander has been an avid supporter of Tennessee's national fish hatcheries and has worked with TVA and the Fish and Wildlife Service to replace fish killed by federal locks and dams and keep the Dale Hollow and Erwin hatcheries open.  Alexander said that Tennessee’s hatcheries are important because "chances are pretty good that if you catch a trout in Tennessee it came from Dale Hollow," and Erwin produces brood stock for fish hatcheries across the country.
Check out WJHL’s article, “U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander proposes bill to simplify federal financial aid,” on Senator Alexander’s proposed Financial Aid Simplification and Transparency (FAST) Act. Alexander’s bill would eliminate the FAFSA, the current 10-page, 100-question form used to apply for federal financial aid, and reduce the process to a simple post card with two questions.  Alexander is travelling to Memphis today to host a forum on reforming student financial aid, where he will discuss his ideas for simplifying the process for students to apply for financial aid.  Read more here: http://www.wjhl.com/story/26443654/us-sen-lamar-alexander-proposes-bill-to-simplify-federal-financial-aid
Today, Senator Alexander honors the 50th anniversary of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Alexander says that the LWCF has been an important actor in preserving open spaces in our country ever since it was signed into law in September of 1964.  “Someone once said that Italy has its art, England its history, and the United States has the Great American Outdoors. Our magnificent land, as much as our love of liberty, is at the core of our character. It has inspired our pioneer spirit, our resourcefulness and our generosity. Its greatness has fueled our individualism and optimism, and made us believe that anything is possible. It has influenced our music, literature, science and language. It has served as the training ground of our athletes and philosophers, of poets and defenders of American ideals,” Alexander said.
NA
Senator Alexander announced that he signed Senator Lisa Murkowski’s (R-Alaska) letter to the to the Secretary of the U.S. Dept. of the Interior, requesting that the department make all offshore oil and gas resources in the Outer Continental Shelf available for oil and gas exploration and development.   “By expanding energy research and development to all areas in the Outer Continental Shelf, we will be able to make more of our own energy resources available to power our economy,” Alexander said. “There is no reason we shouldn’t be using all the resources we have available to increase our energy security, create more jobs at home and reduce our reliance on oil from hostile countries.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=01d3668c-2523-46b2-af31-77fe29852b99
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out The Hill article, “GOP senators request new ObamaCare figures” about Sen. Alexander and Sen. Barrasso’s call to the Obama administration to provide Congress and Americans with detailed, accurate information about Obamacare enrollees.   “Sens. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) and Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) on Wednesday wrote to Marilyn Tavenner, the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), seeking an update on how many people are covered under the healthcare law ahead of the second enrollment period that starts in November… They also want data on how many people have paid for their insurance plans and continue to do so, and how many people lost coverage after not paying their premiums.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/newsarticles?ID=99d04db9-7179-4e26-b465-9903697dcf85 
Sen. Alexander joins Gov. Bill Haslam, local officials, and Beretta U.S.A. executives to welcome Berretta to Tennessee at today’s groundbreaking ceremony in Gallatin.   “Beretta’s decision to relocate to Gallatin shows that our state is right to have such strong laws upholding the Second Amendment, and is yet another sign that Tennessee is an ideal place for companies to invest. Beretta will put hundreds of Tennesseans to work in the new advanced manufacturing facility, and I look forward to the company’s future growth in Tennessee,” Alexander said.  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=27fb5b1f-1004-40a6-bf90-2d6350467114
Yesterday, Sen. Alexander joined Sen. Barrasso to call on the Obama administration to release Obamacare enrollment data that it has withheld from the public since May.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=617e0f68-4d0b-415f-8662-0ff318528f0f  Photo credit:  txking / Shutterstock.com
NA
Senator Alexander said the IRS’s new guidelines for eligibility for the wind PTC now make it easier for more projects to qualify for “Washington’s most conspicuous, wasteful taxpayer subsidy,” which expired at the end of 2013 and “unfairly burdens Tennesseans.” These new guidelines will increase the total cost of this subsidy to taxpayers, which is already over tens of billions of dollars.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=0f748b13-b3ad-4c45-8fb5-700534679614
Sen. Alexander says this week’s Gallup poll on public K-12 education “shows Americans reject the persistent overreach from Washington and know these decisions are best made closer to home.”   Follow the link to read more from Alexander—including information on his bill to “reverse the trend toward a national school board.”: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=a1f80d00-15ab-4ab8-818f-7777e36a485c
“The beheading of James Foley, an innocent American journalist, by ISIS fanatics is a tragic, monstrous action of the worst possible nature. The Obama administration needs to condemn and demonstrate that this type of intimidation and persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East will not be tolerated and will be met by the strongest appropriate response possible.” – Lamar Alexander      Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=3c6d32cd-a587-418d-8ba8-6fec958d8414 
Yesterday, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration released a report showing the IRS did not properly implement Obamacare’s tax on medical device manufacturers. Sen. Alexander says this report “should be the final nail in the coffin” for the medical device tax, a tax that has hurt Tennessee companies and costs jobs for Tennesseans. He is also a cosponsor of the “Medical Device Access and Innovation Protection Act,” which would repeal this tax.   Read more here:  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=86313d0f-4445-4565-a233-88f8df0ad0c1
Senator Alexander’s website has a new look. You can find out the latest about Senator Alexander, legislative actions he’s taking on behalf of Tennesseans, services offered through the office, contact information and much more.  Check out the new site here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/ 
Today, Senator Alexander joined a letter, led by Rep. Chuck Fleischmann and signed by all Republican members of the Tennessee congressional delegation, to President Obama insisting on answers about the 760 unaccompanied children that have been relocated to Tennessee. Alexander also today cosponsored Sen. Ted Cruz’s amendment to stop the president from taking actions on immigration that exceed his constitutional authority, and he announced his support for Rep. Hal Rogers’ bill to solve the immigration crisis. In addition, he voted yesterday against the president’s proposal because it wasn’t a “serious plan” about how to solve the border crisis.  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=ef97eacd-013f-4a9a-99dd-6b1a9c6d7585
LIKE & SHARE Sen. Alexander’s op-ed in National Review Online, “Repeal Davis-Bacon,” if you agree that we need to give taxpayers and non-union construction workers a break. http://www.nationalreview.com/article/384107/repeal-davis-bacon-lamar-alexander  Alexander cosponsored legislation introduced by Sen. Mike Lee this month to repeal the Davis-Bacon Act, a law governing federal construction projects that is giving unions the upper hand and costing taxpayers billions. In the op-ed, Alexander wrote, “There is overwhelming evidence to support eliminating this law, and I hope our colleagues will join us in calling for its repeal. Let’s move away from bureaucracy and union favoritism and toward fairness for American construction workers and taxpayers alike.” 
Senator Alexander greets a young constituent from Johnson City at a recent Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast hosted by Sens. Alexander and Corker.   If you would like to join the senators on your visit to Washington, please click on the following link to learn how to sign up: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TennesseeTuesdays
Today, Senator Alexander joined Governor Haslam, Senator Corker, and Congressman Fleischmann in Clinton for SL Tennessee’s announcement that it will expand its auto parts manufacturing facility, creating 1,000 jobs over the next five years.   “SL’s announcement is yet another sign that Tennessee is the most attractive state for new jobs in the auto industry. SL’s growth from 40 jobs when it first came to Tennessee in 2001 to nearly 1,700 at the end of this expansion proves that Tennessee is the right place for companies around the world to invest.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=bdaa49d4-2c26-48bd-9a35-dcd13962fcd1&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
Yesterday, Senator Alexander spoke on a bill he introduced in response to the administration’s announced plan to prohibit the interstate commerce of legal ivory, and products that contain legal ivory, such as firearms, musical instruments, antiques, and family heirlooms – regulations that could “actually take away our guns.” Read more here: http://tiny.cc/8mgijx  “I support stopping poachers, and I support stopping the trade of illegal ivory. What I don’t support is treating Tennessee musicians, antique shops, and firearms sellers like illegal ivory smugglers… This legislation will stop the administration from taking away our legal guns, guitars, and other items that contain legal ivory if we try to sell them across state lines.”
TUNE-IN: Senator Alexander will be speaking on the Senate floor at approximately 4:00 p.m. ET on his efforts to stop the administration from over-regulating the legal ivory trade. These regulations would prevent products legally containing ivory, such as firearms, musical instruments, and family heirlooms, from being bought or sold across state lines and put them at risk of being taken away from the government. Watch his floor speech live here: http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
Today, Senator Alexander joined the efforts of Senators Cruz and Rubio to call on Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro to end the country’s human rights abuse and free Leopoldo Lopez, a political leader imprisoned for opposing the oppressive socialist regime in Venezuela. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/wp7ejx  “This sort of human rights abuse in Venezuela, a country badly in need of public discourse and leadership, is something we should not ignore. We should say to President Maduro: Free Leopoldo Lopez. By locking him up for five months, you are not silencing him. You’re helping make him the Nelson Mandela of Venezuela.”  Watch Sen. Alexander’s floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rhw82siPjVk&feature=youtu.be 
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, check out Sen. Alexander’s weekly column on Senate Democrats’ attempt to infringe on Americans’ religious freedom and get around the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling: http://tiny.cc/lk9cjx  “We trust Americans to make health care decisions for themselves because we believe in religious freedom and health care freedom. That is the American way.” – Lamar Alexander 
NA
Senator Alexander joined Senator Hatch and faith leaders yesterday to speak out against the Udall/Murray bill to reverse the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.  “Religious freedom is an essential part of the American character and the first part of the American Constitution. Every American should be concerned when any American’s religious freedom is trampled upon, which is what this legislation would do today. The Supreme Court very carefully said, that you should not trample on religious freedom in America unless there is a compelling reason to do it, and if you have to do it, it has to be as light as possible. The Hobby Lobby decision carefully upheld that… Any time any American’s freedom is trampled upon, every American should be deeply concerned.”
Yesterday, Senator Alexander spoke on the Senate Democrats’ bill that would reverse the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and “carve a giant hole out of America’s religious freedom.”   Alexander said the Supreme Court’s Hobby Lobby ruling “ought to have been a victory for everyone, if it is true in our country that when any American’s religious freedom is upheld, all of us benefit. …The Supreme Court decision was about individual freedoms. It was not about contraceptive rights. What is really happening is that they are trying to change the subject. They want to talk about health care, but they don’t want to talk about Obamacare and what it is doing to the women of this country.”    Read more here: http://tiny.cc/od74ix    Watch Alexander’s floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djM2ULwxkB0&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ 
Yesterday, Volkswagen announced its decision to build its midsize SUV at the Chattanooga facility. Senator Alexander, who recruited the auto industry to Tennessee when he was governor, praised VW’s decision today at the celebration in Chattanooga with Governor Haslam, Senator Corker, VW executives, and other community leaders. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=285fc630-a3c2-4850-a69a-270ed33e4fd9
Sen. Alexander speaking at the COMPASS Breakfast this morning in Sumner County, showing educators and community leaders how education regulations are piling up in Washington and discouraging students from going to college. Today he contrasted the current form with his proposal for just two questions.
Yesterday, Senator Alexander introduced an amendment that would prohibit the Obama administration from implementing its proposed restrictions on interstate commerce of legal ivory, including products containing legal ivory, such as musical instruments and firearms. Alexander’s amendment would prevent “Washington overreach from treating Tennessee musicians, families and small businesses like illegal ivory smugglers.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=54893f66-0944-44f6-845d-9ddba01a3328&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
This morning, Senator Alexander spoke on the Senate floor to honor the life and legacy of former Senator Howard Baker. Alexander said that Baker saw the Senate “as a forum for extended discussion where you have the patience to allow everyone to pretty well have their say, in the hopes that you come to a conclusion that most of us are comfortable with, and therefore, the country is comfortable with it. He understood you only govern a complex country such as ours by a consensus… and you have that discussion all the way through to the end.”  Watch his floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBzcAVZ672E  
"As we celebrate Independence Day, we especially honor the brave men and women who have fought and sacrificed for the freedoms that define our way of life and those who are currently fighting to keep us safe and free."
Senator Alexander made remarks Tuesday at the funeral service of Senator Howard Baker in Huntsville, Tenn., where two bald eagles were part of the ceremony. Alexander called Baker an “eloquent listener” and a “great conciliator,” and told stories demonstrating the former Senate Majority Leader’s courage and love of Tennessee.   “Howard Baker knew how to make the Senate work. He understood that the Senate’s unique role as a place for extended debate and amendment on important issues until there is a consensus… How fortunate we were to know, to be inspired by, and to learn from Tennessee’s favorite son and one of our country’s finest leaders, Howard Baker.”   http://www.commercialappeal.com/news/2014/jul/01/howard-baker-of-tennessee-remembered-for-the/
Yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled that the federal government cannot compel employers to provide coverage for abortifacent drugs that violate their religious beliefs. Alexander has spoken out against this Obamacare regulatory requirement stating, “Obamacare is a thumb in the eye to our Constitution’s protections of religious freedom.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b65765d7-ebca-4b86-ae04-4458d6315c9a
Yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled that President Obama’s January 2012 appointments to the National Labor Relations Board while the Senate was in recess are unconstitutional.  Since these unconstitutional appointments were made, Alexander has called on the appointees to step down, introduced a budget amendment to defund decisions and regulations made by the unconstitutional appointees, and introduced legislation to prohibit the NLRB from taking action until the appointees are confirmed by the Senate or the Supreme Court has ruled on their constitutionality. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=0482f567-784a-418b-9acc-efd89e11601e
“Howard Baker was Tennessee’s favorite son, one of America’s finest leaders and for Honey and me an indispensable friend. He built our state’s two-party political system and inspired three generations to try to build a better state and country. It is difficult to express how much we honor his life and how much we will miss him.”  Alexander was Senator Baker’s first legislative assistant in 1967 and 1968. He also met his wife Honey while he was working for Baker and she for Texas senator John Tower.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1qfJCun
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Senator Alexander joined Senator Cruz on the Senate floor today to express his deep concern about Meriam Ibrahim and let the “world know about Meriam and her plight.” He called on President Obama and the State Department to “immediately demand that the Sudanese government follow their own court’s orders and release Meriam Ibrahim and her family.”   Watch his floor speech here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQS4Netb4LM&list=UUhDLBjn5RWqgMmCSswT05IQ 
Senator Alexander joins the efforts of his fellow senators, led by Senator Ted Cruz, in demanding that President Obama and the State Department call on the Sudanese government to immediately stop the harassment and unfair treatment of Meriam Ibrahim who is being held in Sudan for refusing to renounce her Christian faith.   Senator Alexander’s statement on this issue is available below:   The floor of the Senate can be a significant place to bring attention to major issues at home and around the world. I am sure the voices that have been heard on the Senate floor to put a spotlight on this outrageous situation made a major difference. Senator Cruz has been a strong voice in raising awareness of this horrible incident, and he deserves credit for raising awareness about Meriam’s plight.  He has regularly been joined by Senators Ayotte, Rubio, Inhofe, Shaheen, and Coons, and so many others who share this deep concern, and I am glad to lend my voice to protest this outrage.   Hundreds of Tennesseans have written and called my office to express their outrage over how Meriam Ibrahim and her family have been treated by the Sudanese government. I am also outraged by this blatant attack on religious freedom, and I join my colleagues in demanding that the president and the State Department act immediately to help Ms. Ibrahim.   Meriam found herself in this situation because she was born to a Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian mother. Meriam’s father abandoned the family when Meriam was 6 years old, so she was raised as an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian. Meriam later married Daniel, an American citizen, who is also a Christian. However, the Sudanese government considers Meriam a Muslim, even though she is a devout Christian.   When Meriam was ordered to renounce her faith, she refused, and for that “crime” the Sudanese government condemned her to death. Meriam was convicted and sentenced to receive 100 lashes and then to be hanged.   To make matters worse, Meriam was pregnant with her daughter when this happened, and her son, who is under 2 years old, was forced to live in the women’s prison outside Khartoum where she was held until yesterday when we learned that Meriam was to be released after an appeals court reversed her conviction.    Meriam’s release would normally be cause for celebration, but the celebration was short-lived. Today, we understand that Meriam and her family were detained at the airport while trying to leave Sudan.   President Obama and the State Department should immediately demand that the Sudanese government follow their own court's orders and release Meriam and her family. The harassment and targeting of this family must stop immediately.   The State Department should be prepared to act quickly to help Meriam and her family leave Sudan as soon as she is released.
This weekend Senator Alexander spoke at the 25th anniversary of the Clinch-Powell Resource Conservation and Development Council with U.S. Representative Jimmy Duncan and Council Chairman Cherry Acuff of Grainger County.
Senator Alexander attends the commissioning ceremony of Ensign Dana Ayers in Washington. Dana is from Jacksboro, Tennessee, and was officially commissioned as an officer in the Navy reserve last week.
Yesterday, Senator Alexander voted in favor of legislation that would give veterans more choices for medical care to reduce wait times and travel and allow the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to immediately fire or demote senior VA employees for poor job performance.   “This legislation is a big, fundamental change in how our country provides VA medical care: It is the first big step in giving veterans the same choices for their health care that our country has given them for higher education since the G.I. Bill was enacted in 1944.” – Lamar Alexander  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=c5a4502b-6226-4460-86f6-14e5b8db0f47
This morning, Sen. Alexander voted against moving to the Senate Democrats’ “political stunt” on student loans, saying the Senate shouldn’t “waste time on it when veterans are standing in line waiting for us to take up a bipartisan proposal.”  “This ‘no’ vote means ‘no’ to a week-long political stunt, ‘no’ to debt and taxes, ‘yes’ to moving today to a bipartisan solution to the problem of veterans standing in line at clinics. ‘Yes’ to appropriation bills after that that deal with cancer research and national defense and the other urgent needs of our country, also in a bipartisan way. ‘Yes’ to the way the Senate ought to run,” Alexander said. “And ‘no’ to the practice of pulling a bill out of your pocket, putting it on the floor and wasting a week with a political stunt while veterans are standing in line at a clinic waiting for us to act.”  Watch Alexander’s floor speech HERE: http://youtu.be/u2SYi6iZhH0
Yesterday, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act became law. This law extends Sen. Alexander’s Freedom to Fish provision passed last year, allowing fishermen to fish below the dams on the Cumberland River, stopping what Sen. Alexander calls “unreasonable restrictions” by the Army Corps of Engineers.
NA
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, Sen. Alexander spoke at the 30th anniversary celebration of the Governor’s School for the Arts, which he founded in 1984 as a summer arts school for young Tennesseans gifted in music, theater, visual arts, dance, and filmmaking. At MTSU, Alexander welcomed the newest class saying, “You are helping us show that we can aim for the top in the arts and all the other activities we have at the Governor's Schools. You are part of our effort to find the excellence and to praise it."  Read more here: http://wmot.org/post/alexander-joins-mtsu-welcoming-governor-s-school-arts-students-30th-year  
Sen. Alexander to HHS Sec. Nominee Burwell: Republicans are ready to repair the damage Obamacare has done: http://youtu.be/alZz2lOoRCA  This afternoon, in a speech on the Senate floor before the vote on HHS Secretary nominee, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, Sen. Alexander laid out Republicans’ step-by-step health care proposals that would “provide more freedom, more choices, and lower costs.”  Alexander said of the health care system: “We’d like to turn it around and head it off in a different direction. Not back, but a different direction. We want to repair the damage that Obamacare has done. We want to prevent future damage as responsibly and rapidly as we can. We’d like to move in a different direction to put in place health care proposals that would increase freedom, increase choices, and lower costs. We trust Americans to make those decisions, to make them ourselves. We believe that is the American way.”
“I have consistently said it’s the job of Congress, not unelected bureaucrats, to determine whether and how to regulate carbon dioxide emissions, and this legislation stops the EPA from pursuing regulations that expand the big, wet blanket of harmful regulations on the economy that destroy job growth and put people out of work.”  Today, Senator Alexander cosponsored legislation by Senator McConnell and signed a letter by Senator Vitter to protect Americans from “harmful” EPA carbon regulations that  “will drive electricity prices up for families and businesses and drive down job growth.” Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3e732c64-5b23-4f3e-8feb-f9d2a95e0751
Today, Senator Alexander cosponsored legislation to give veterans the choice of a private doctor or facility if VA care is not available “within a reasonable amount of time” or if a veteran lives more than 40 miles from a VA facility. This legislation comes in response to what Alexander considers to be “completely unacceptable” reports that veterans in Phoenix have been waiting for 115 days to see a primary care doctor. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/41cwgx
In response to the administration’s announcement of a new carbon regulation on existing power plants, Senator Alexander said, “This new carbon regulation on existing power plants will drive electricity prices up and drive down job growth in many parts of the country. This is just one more example of the federal government expanding the big, wet blanket of burdensome regulations on our economy that put people out of work and make it harder to find a job. This regulation also bypasses congressional authority – it’s the job of Congress, not unelected bureaucrats, to determine whether and how to regulate carbon dioxide.” Read more here: http://tiny.cc/3rzvgx
Following numerous allegations of mismanagement at Veterans Affairs health facilities, including those in Tennessee, Senator Alexander announced today that he will cosponsor legislation that would allow the next Secretary of the VA to immediately fire or demote Senior Executive Service employees for poor job performance. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=1512b79e-95fc-46f5-83be-a147af78f1b1   LIKE OR SHARE IF YOU AGREE:
Recently, Senator Alexander laid out Republicans’ step-by-step proposals for taking health care in a different direction. He explained to the president’s nominee to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Mathews Burwell, how these proposals would provide Americans with more choices, more freedom, and lower costs. To read more, click here: http://tiny.cc/d0lmgx.   To keep up with the senator on the ongoing health care debate and other issues facing our nation, sign up for his monthly newsletter here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Newsletter  
Following more than 150,000 comments from Americans and members of Congress, the IRS has decided to revise proposed rules that limited the First Amendment rights of Americans that “were so broad they would have limited free speech.”   “The American people have successfully pushed back against the IRS’s attempts to keep them from speaking up and speaking out, and they’ve done that in the best way possible – by speaking up and speaking out.”  To read more about efforts by Alexander and other senators to put pressure on the IRS, click here: http://tiny.cc/3pyigx
In response to the recent reports of misconduct at VA clinics in Tennessee and around the nation, Senators Alexander and Corker sent a letter to the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations requesting “an immediate investigation into reported mismanagement, incompetence, and corruption within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) health care centers throughout the country.” Last week, they also sent two letters asking for information on Tennessee VA facilities and calling for the VA to conduct a “thorough, open and transparent” audit. To view these letters, click here: http://tiny.cc/y8jbgx
Sen. Alexander received a visit from Nashville songwriters Bonner Black and Tom Douglas today who discussed Alexander’s Songwriter Equity Act, which was introduced last week w/ Sens. Corker and Hatch to compensate songwriters for the fair market value of their work. Be sure to follow @senlamaralexander on Instagram for his latest updates in DC and Tennessee. http://instagram.com/p/oO6Z-kiiCP/
Today, Sen. Alexander announced his plan to ban restricted fishing below dams on the Cumberland River will be extended from two to four years, as a result of an agreement between the House and Senate in the final version of the Water Resources Development Act, calling it a “victory for Tennessee fishermen.” This bill will also continue the permanent ban of physical barriers and delegate enforcement of these safety regulations to state wildlife agencies, which were part of Alexander’s “Freedom to Fish” legislation that was passed into law in 2013. Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=75197c6c-8213-4d13-9c39-37d6e9da7e14
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Last weekend, Sen. Alexander spoke at the commencement ceremony at East Tennessee State University where he explained the complicated and discouraging process of applying for federal student aid, one of too many rules and regulations by the federal government. He said that the best thing for new graduates looking for jobs would be to liberate the free enterprise system. He also emphasized the importance of a positive attitude and making the most of each situation, quoting his longtime friend, Tennessee author Alex Haley, who always tried to “find the good and praise it.”  http://www.johnsoncitypress.com/article/117181/alexander-talks-education-job-market-before-etsu-speech   
REPORT: Obamacare Processing Center Paying Hundreds of Employees to Do Nothing  In response to this report, Senators Alexander and Blunt sent a letter to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services this week pressing for information on allegations that employees at Serco—a St. Louis, MO, company that was awarded up to $1.25 billion in federal taxpayer dollars to process applications for Obamacare through the federal exchange—are being paid to do nothing. To view the letter click here: http://tiny.cc/pcrwfx    http://thehill.com/regulation/healthcare/206202-senators-want-inquiry-into-o-care-center-paid-to-hit-refresh
Today, Senators Alexander and Flake introduced two amendments to the tax extenders bill that would rein in the wind production tax credit, what Alexander calls “the most conspicuous, wasteful taxpayer subsidy in Washington, DC.” The two-year extension currently being considered would cost taxpayers an additional $13 billion over the next ten years. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/33zwfx
“Our veterans deserve better, and we intend to closely monitor the investigation to ensure they receive every benefit they have earned.” – Senators Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker  In response to the recent reports of neglect and delayed care at Veterans Affairs medical facilities, Sens. Alexander and Corker sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki calling for a “thorough, open, and transparent” third-party audit of all VA facilities. The senators also are seeking answers on the average wait times at Tennessee VA facilities to ensure Tennessee veterans are receiving the care they deserve.   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=2834a40e-7b0b-4119-89fd-65ee150cabf6 
“Italy has its art, Egypt has its pyramids, Napa Valley has its wines and Nashville has its songwriters. Songwriters are the lifeblood of Music City, and their paychecks ought to be based on the fair market value of their songs – so that when they write a hit heard around the world, you can see it in their billfolds.” – Lamar Alexander  In Nashville today, Senators Alexander, Corker and Hatch announced the Songwriter Equity Act - a bill that would allow songwriters to be compensated for the fair market value of their work. Read more on their legislation here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=de83480f-0c4d-4f71-87e1-fc3460152b01
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Yesterday, Sen. Alexander laid out Republicans’ step-by-step proposals to reduce health care costs and increase freedom and choices for Americans at a hearing today on the president’s nominee for U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Mathews Burwell. Watch coverage of Sen. Alexander's comments at today's hearing below.  For more on today’s hearing and what Republicans would do about health care if they were in charge: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=257dba39-649f-4ad7-9062-ccf344b6794c 
SHARE Sen. Alexander’s Wall Street Journal Op-ed: “Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to Be Blown Away”   “After nearly 22 years, eight resurrections and billions of taxpayer subsidies, it's time to let the marketplace rule and allow wind power to rise or fall on its own. Save our money, save our nuclear plants and save our mountaintops.”   http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303678404579540270543985540?mg=reno64-wsj 
On yesterday’s Supreme Court ruling upholding the rights of state and local governments to open with prayer, Sen. Alexander said:  “Today’s decision upholds the First Amendment of the Constitution and the idea that our Founders never intended for religious expression to be pushed from public life. In fact, the first Senate paid the first Senate chaplain, and the Senate still opens every day with prayer. The First Amendment protects religious freedom, whether it be in the U.S. Senate or a town board.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3248ea58-8fe0-41d9-9588-0a1e61b323e4
NA
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT:   Sen. Alexander said Republicans have a “better way” to raise family incomes than the Democrats’ proposal to increase the minimum wage by nearly 40 percent, which the nonpartisan CBO says will cause a loss of 500,000 jobs.  “The issue is right—it’s jobs. The American people want it to be easier to find a good-paying job,” Alexander said. “The Democrats’ proposal as the solution to the jobs problem is a proposal that will eliminate 500,000 jobs.”  In a floor speech Monday, Alexander said: “A minimum wage increase is said to benefit low-income Americans, but only $1 in $5 from an increase will go to families below the poverty line. And that is not all. In addition to cutting 500,000 jobs and providing 80 percent of the benefits to families above the poverty level, the Democrats’ jobs proposal imposes one more burden on the only Americans who are capable of solving this problem, and that is the job creators.”  Alexander continued, “On the most important issue facing the country, surely we can do better than the stale, bankrupt idea we will vote on this week that according to the office that we’re supposed to trust for advice, the Congressional Budget Office, says would No. 1: Destroy 500,000 jobs; No. 2: Concentrate most of the benefits on those above the poverty line; No. 3: Make it more expensive to create jobs; and No. 4: Tax only some taxpayers for a policy designed to benefit the entire society.” http://www.help.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/?id=38aad54a-8514-459d-a261-c8f6957cd1ff&groups=Ranking
Senator Alexander recently gave the Weekly Republican Address, in which he said Republicans want to enable Americans to create a better life while Democrats are the mandators, telling you what to do. Watch Senator Alexander’s address and keep up with him on other issues by signing up for his newsletter here: http://go.usa.gov/kA8k  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive&ContentRecord_id=fd75f652-13b9-4c0a-bca7-854afdcaee3c&ContentType_id=b36dc5f5-7b5b-4770-8f03-e644255bc28f&Group_id=488006a6-6cec-4a0d-a710-b4a211d50090
Today Sen. Alexander joined his fellow Republicans in co-sponsoring Sen. Hoeven’s Keystone XL Pipeline approval bill. This legislation would remove the requirement for presidential approval of the pipeline, allowing the pipeline to be built. Read more here: http://tiny.cc/ie92ex
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Sen. Alexander recently joined Instagram! Follow him for updates from #TN and #DC by going to instagram.com/senlamaralexander.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out The Commercial Appeal article, “Tennessee Sen. Alexander is critic-in-chief of national labor board” about Alexander’s opposition to the organization’s union advocacy under the Obama administration.  “… Alexander has derided the five-member labor panel as a ‘quorum of one,’ called out President Barack Obama for making ‘illegal’ appointments to the board while the Senate was in recess, and voted against confirming two Democrats to the panel. While his grievances against the labor board are varied, many share a common thread: Under the Obama administration, he said, the panel has become less of an umpire and more of a pro-union advocate.” Read MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1i63QSs 
Speaking at the Dunavant Public Service Awards in Memphis today, Sen. Alexander quotes his longtime friend and Roots author, Alex Haley, telling the audience to "find the good and praise it." The public service awards go to one local elected official and one local non-elected official and are named for the late Shelby County Probate Court Clerk Bobby Dunavant, who was described as scrupulously honest, unpretentious, accessible, energetic and involved. This year's awards ceremony honored Criminal Court Judge Christopher Craft and Collierville Town Administrator James Lewellen.
SHARE if you agree: “Filing your tax return is about more than getting your money back from Uncle Sam -- it's a reminder of Washington's out-of-control spending and overreach.”  In case you missed it: Check out Sen. Alexander’s Tax Day op-ed in the Chattanooga Times Free Press on his plans to fix some of the federal government’s biggest fiscal problems. More HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1qDTCuO  
#FlashbackFriday via POLITICO: On Oct. 29, 2013, Sen. Alexander called for the resignation of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius over the “disastrous” rollout of Obamacare: http://bcove.me/y1yakiad 
Senator Alexander said the following on news reports that Kathleen Sebelius will resign tomorrow as secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services:  “This is the right decision. The challenge for Ms. Burwell, or any other successor, is to help Congress find the right way to repair the damage Obamacare has done to American families.”
Earlier today, Nashville country-music artist Rivers Rutherford stopped by to treat the Alexander office to a few tunes, including the song, “Ain’t Nothing ‘Bout You,” which he wrote for Brooks and Dunn. http://bit.ly/1qlSewF
GOOD NEWS: Today the Senate Agriculture Committee passed the Tennessee Wilderness Act, legislation by Sens. Alexander and Corker that would designate nearly 20,000 acres of the Cherokee National Forest as wilderness areas –the highest level of conservation protection to preserve land – at no cost to taxpayers.  Alexander said: “The Tennessee Wilderness Act would preserve federally owned land that has been managed as wilderness areas since 2004. Creating and expanding these wilderness areas would have no effect on privately-owned land and will not increase costs for taxpayers. This legislation would help protect some of the wildest, most pristine and beautiful areas in East Tennessee and give the millions of visitors to our state an additional reason to come enjoy our outdoors.” Read more HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1e8GawC  
SHARE if you think taxpayers have a right to know where their money is going.    Sen. Alexander thinks so, and that’s why he’s cosponsoring legislation by Sen. Coburn, the “Taxpayers Right to Know Act,” that would require federal agencies to produce “report cards” detailing costs and other information to help identify government waste.  Alexander said: “It’s tax season, and taxpayers in Tennessee and around the country have a right to know where their money is going. One of the best ways to expose government waste, hold public officials accountable and reduce unnecessary spending is to give Americans more information – a little transparency goes a long way.” http://1.usa.gov/1lM4p6s 
Yesterday Sen. Alexander met with Jefferson County High School’s Junior ROTC cadets from Dandridge, Tenn., on the steps of the United States Capitol, where he welcomed them to Washington and talked to them about his memories of growing up in East Tennessee.   Are you following Alexander on Instagram? To keep up with him on the road in Tennessee and on the move in Washington, follow him HERE: http://bit.ly/1l8bX31
Sen. Alexander meets with Tori Ruis of LaVergne High School to congratulate her on being named Tennessee Assistant Principal of the Year for 2014 by the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
Recently at Watertown Elementary in Wilson County, Sen. Alexander spoke to students about the importance of education and presented the school with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol. To read the latest from Alexander on his travels around Tennessee and more, sign up for his monthly newsletter here: http://1.usa.gov/1mvGeXe
Click SHARE if you agree that President Obama’s “stimulus” was nothing more than a spending bill that contributed to our skyrocketing debt. To read more on Sen. Alexander’s priorities, including his fight to help Americans climb the economic ladder – and against wasteful spending, sign up for his monthly newsletter HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1mvGeXe 
SHARE the Washington Times op-ed by Sen. Alexander and Reps. Roe and Kline, “Obama’s Unfair Union-Election Tilt,” if you’re against the NLRB’s proposed ambush election rule.   They write: “The proposed rule would shrink that process to as few as 10 days — just enough time for unions to make their aggressive plug without giving employers adequate time to respond … The real loser is the American worker, who would be ambushed by the process and forced to make a decision without all the facts.” Read the article HERE (http://1.usa.gov/1dIbFOd) and more on their legislation that will prohibit this administration from rigging union elections HERE (http://1.usa.gov/1mFqEej). 
SHARE this post if you agree with Senator Alexander that President Obama needs to do more to fix our $17 trillion federal debt. To keep up with the senator on the debt and other issues facing our country, sign up for his monthly online newsletter: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=NewsletterArchive
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the NLRB ruling that Northwestern University football players are employees eligible to form a union is “absurd.”  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In the Wall Street Journal article, “Northwestern Football Players Get Approval to Unionize”: “Sen. Lamar Alexander (R., Tenn.), the senior Republican on the Senate labor committee and a former president of the University of Tennessee, called the NLRB decision ‘absurd.’  ‘Imagine a university's basketball players striking before a Sweet 16 game demanding shorter practices, bigger dorm rooms, better food and no classes before 11 a.m. This is an absurd decision that will destroy intercollegiate athletics as we know it.’" http://on.wsj.com/1eUXFin  
On Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius cases before the Supreme Court today, Sen. Alexander said:   “Obamacare is a thumb in the eye to our Constitution’s protections of religious freedom. The United States ought to be the last country on earth where people of faith are forced by their government to defy their religious beliefs. I am glad these cases are now before the Supreme Court and am hopeful the court will find this administration has reached too far.” http://1.usa.gov/OWU4Gp
Sen. Alexander meets one of the younger visitors to Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast with Alexander and Sen. Corker.   Alexander is now on Instagram! To keep up with him on the road in Tennessee and on the move in Washington, follow him HERE: http://bit.ly/1l8bX31
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Wielding the 100-question form students currently have to fill out to apply for federal financial aid, Sen. Alexander told a crowd in Jackson Friday about his push to simplify the application for students. Alexander said: “Cut this (form) down to a postcard … this is just government growing, and nobody is weeding the garden.” http://bit.ly/1h2x7MD
At a panel today in Bartlett with leaders in the Memphis-area medical device industry, Sen. Alexander renewed his call for the repeal of Obamacare’s tax on makers of medical devices, one of Tennessee’s top exports. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1jdcTyP   
Sen. Alexander just met with Tennessee Parent Teacher Association President Charla Sparks in the U.S. Capitol and talked to her about the Tennessee PTA’s education priorities, as well as the “Scholarships for Kids Act,” which Alexander recently introduced to allow states to create $2,100 scholarships out of existing federal education dollars to follow 11 million low-income children to the schools they attend. More on that plan HERE: http://1.usa.gov/NaU7xi
LIKE if you agree: Unions shouldn’t get special treatment under Obamacare.   Today Sen. Alexander and 24 GOP colleagues demanded that the Obama administration immediately rescind a law creating an unwarranted special carveout for some unions from Obamacare fees. In a letter, the senators said they will consider options such as the Congressional Review Act to prevent the rule from taking effect if the administration doesn’t listen. Read the letter HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1lCr8hX 
TUNE IN NOW – HEALTH COMMITTEE HEARING: Sen. Alexander will question FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg on how FDA is implementing the new law he worked to pass to help prevent another meningitis nightmare for Tennesseans. WATCH LIVE:  http://1.usa.gov/1kOxzkT 
At a Senate labor committee hearing today, Sen. Alexander said there were better ideas with bipartisan support to reduce poverty than Democrats’ proposal to increase the minimum wage by nearly 40 percent, which would cause a loss of 500,000 jobs, according to a balanced view by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.  Alexander said, “There are better ideas: reform refundable tax credits to benefit all low-income workers, replace long-term unemployment compensation with job training, change Obamacare’s work week definition from 30 hours to 40 to encourage full-time jobs, and use existing federal education dollars to give children of low-income families a $2,100 scholarship to choose a better school.” http://1.usa.gov/1cz8veE 
This afternoon, the Senate began debate on a child-care bill co-authored by Sen. Alexander that helps more than 1.5 million low-income children nationwide every year, including 39,000 in Tennessee (http://1.usa.gov/1qx1DlZ). Yesterday Alexander told the story of one Memphis mother who benefitted:
Today Sen. Alexander introduced legislation to reimburse Tennessee for reopening Great Smoky Mountains National Park while the federal government was shut down last October. Alexander said: “This national treasure shouldn’t have been forced to close in the first place, and Tennessee taxpayers certainly shouldn’t be forced to foot the bill for having it reopened.” LIKE if you agree, and read more HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1fSojdi   
Sen. Alexander said the latest Obamacare delay “won’t help millions who have already lost their insurance plans.” Read MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1fKhhr5
President Obama’s proposed 10-year budget never balances and adds about $8 trillion to the national debt. Read more HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1ne2Wnt
Yesterday Sen. Alexander met with Mark Gilreath and Michael Farrell of the Medical Device Manufacturers Association to discuss repeal of the tax on medical devices, Tennessee’s top export. As part of his fight to stand up against the “historic mistake” of Obamacare, Alexander has fought against this burdensome tax in Washington (http://1.usa.gov/1cXx3wb) and Tennessee (http://1.usa.gov/1fuuDSd).
This morning, Sen. Alexander met with the students selected for the Institute for Citizenship program at St. George’s Independent School in Collierville, Tenn., to congratulate them and welcome them to Washington.
Yesterday, Sen. Alexander, who is an Eagle Scout, met with Wayne Brock and Brad Farmer with the Boy Scouts of America.
Another Obamacare #BrokenPromise: Yesterday Sen. Alexander released the following statement on the Obama administration report that 65 percent of small businesses will see health insurance premiums increase under Obamacare: “Now even the Obama administration admits that Obamacare will increase costs for two out of three small businesses, likely causing more employees to lose the insurance they were promised they could keep.” http://1.usa.gov/1bK0vXV
Sen. Alexander shared some laughs with students from Lipscomb University in Nashville after this morning’s Tennessee Tuesday in Washington, D.C. If you are interested in joining Sens. Alexander and Corker during your visit to Washington, visit Alexander’s website for more information:  http://1.usa.gov/1jKp7kd
After this warm welcome, Sen. Alexander spent the morning talking with students at Watertown Elementary about the importance of American history and civics education. #GoPurpleTigers
This morning Sen. Alexander presented Principal Christian and students of Watertown Elementary School with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol.  If you are interested in your own flag flown over the U.S. Capitol for special occasions, Alexander’s office can help Tennesseans with that request. Please visit his website for more information: http://1.usa.gov/1fy2VZc
Do you agree with Sen. Alexander that “individuals should have direct access to personal health information, and federal policies should clearly support that?”   LIKE if you agree, and read Alexander’s letter to HHS Sec. Sebelius today, pressing her on the Obama administration’s  “conflicting” message on its position: http://1.usa.gov/1hz9e1P 
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with the Paris Post-Intelligencer editorial page that: “The federal government shouldn’t punish taxpayers in states like Tennessee because their legislatures didn’t adopt a state income tax.”   And follow this link to read the full editorial, “Sales tax deduction all about fairness,” on Sen. Alexander’s push to make the federal tax deduction for state and local sales tax permanent: http://1.usa.gov/1dRB5ab 
LIKE or SHARE if you think “the American people need their trust restored – not more federal overreach.”   Today Sen. Alexander was among a group of senators that sent a letter to the Internal Revenue Service calling for the agency to reconsider proposed regulations Alexander said “are so broad they could limit free speech.” Letter HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1eNKHhr
Yesterday marked the five-year anniversary of President Obama’s “stimulus” plan, which Sen. Alexander said “was nothing more than a spending bill that contributed to our skyrocketing debt.”  LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Alexander that a better alternative “would have been to get Washington out of the way and liberate our free enterprise system to create more good jobs.” http://1.usa.gov/1jOOcw9
Happy Presidents Day, in honor of George Washington, who understood the need for limits on executive power.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out coverage in the “Chattanooga Times Free Press” of Sen. Alexander’s bill to delay proposed Internal Revenue Service regulations he says fail to “protect the First Amendment rights of the American people” and make an “enemies list of conservatives,” including Tennessee Tea Party groups: http://bit.ly/1nuGoNo
CHECK OUT Sen. Alexander’s guest post at National Review’s blog, “The Corner,” about his “Scholarships for Kids Act.” Alexander said, “I introduced legislation that would allow $2,100 federal scholarships to follow 11 million low-income children to any public or private accredited school of their parents’ choice. This is a real answer to inequality in America: giving more children more opportunity to attend a better school.” http://1.usa.gov/1eQNTPi
Yesterday Sen. Alexander voted “NO” on increasing the federal government’s debt limit “because Congress took no steps to address the federal government’s most urgent need: reducing the growth of mandatory entitlement spending that is driving our $17 trillion debt.”  LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Alexander that Congress needs to address “out-of-control entitlement spending.” http://1.usa.gov/1jan8Eo 
LIKE or SHARE if you think Pres. Obama should work with Congress on an Obamacare repeal instead of rewriting the law yet again by himself.   Yesterday Sen. Alexander released the following statement on the Obama administration’s announcement that businesses with fewer than 100 workers would not be required to provide health insurance to their employees in 2015 (or face a fine) and that businesses with more than 100 employees would have more time to comply with Obamacare’s employer mandate:  “President Obama by himself is rewriting Obamacare one more time instead of working with Congress to repeal the mandate. It’s time to start over and go step by step with reforms that reduce the cost of health care so more Americans can afford to buy insurance.” http://1.usa.gov/1eOLm6T 
NA
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the National Labor Relations Board should not move forward with allowing “ambush elections,” which shorten the length of time in which a labor union certification is held to as little as 10 days.   “Ambush elections are one more example of how the Obama National Labor Relations Board continues to be more of a union advocate than an umpire. The D.C. Federal District Court already struck down the administration’s last attempt to rush through ambush elections. This latest effort is a political power play on behalf of unions that makes an end run around employers and forces workers to make decisions without all of the facts.” http://1.usa.gov/1gNwWa3  
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Catch Fox News’s coverage of Sen. Alexander pressing President Obama’s nominee to be U.S. surgeon general, Dr. Vivek Murthy, on whether he would use the “bully pulpit” as “the nation’s doctor” to advance his ideological goals in favor of Obamacare. http://bit.ly/N8dAzy
LIKE or SHARE if you want President Obama to move forward with the Keystone XL Pipeline.  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: On the U.S. Department of State’s release Friday of an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) that says building the Keystone XL Pipeline would not significantly affect the environment, Sen. Alexander said: “[This] confirms what I’ve been saying all along: there is simply no reason whatsoever for the president not to move forward with a pipeline that would make us less reliant on oil from hostile countries and create thousands jobs for American workers.” http://1.usa.gov/1eyQGee
Sen. Alexander yesterday released the following statement on a report by the CBO stating that Obamacare could push two million Americans out of the workforce:   “The CBO’s new report that Obamacare is likely to force more than two million Americans out of their jobs is yet more evidence that the president took the country in the wrong direction on health care reform. We need to start over and go step by step with reforms that reduce the cost of health care so more Americans can afford to buy insurance.” http://1.usa.gov/1b2L1hN 
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that President Obama’s nominee to be U.S. surgeon general shouldn’t use the “bully pulpit” as “the nation’s doctor” to advance his ideological goals in favor of Obamacare and gun control.  Today Alexander pressed President Obama’s nominee for U.S. surgeon general, Dr. Vivek Murthy, on whether he would use the position to advance his ideological goals in favor of the “historic mistake” of Obamacare and gun control. Alexander noted that Murthy is an advocate of gun control, once saying on the social media website Twitter that he was “tired of politicians…[who are] scared of the NRA.” Alexander said, “I would hope you know that Americans have a First Amendment right to advocate the Second Amendment or any other amendment, and the Second Amendment is not a special interest group – it’s part of our Constitution.” http://bit.ly/1fsqCPW 
LIKE or SHARE if you agree: “Washington works best when it listens more, and lectures less.”   Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and Sens. Alexander and Barrasso wrote to Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam, chairman of the Republican Governors Public Policy Committee, asking Republican governors for their input and ideas for alternatives to Obamacare’s mandates, taxes and higher premiums if Congress were able to repeal the law and replace it with real reform.   They wrote: “As Republicans, we believe that Washington works best when it listens more, and lectures less. That is why we write . . . to ask Republican governors to share with us how Obamacare is impacting your states and solicit your thoughts on how we can work together on policies to replace Obamacare with commonsense, step-by-step reforms that will lower costs and increase access to care.” http://1.usa.gov/LfwMtn 
NA
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that parents should have more freedom to choose a better school for their child.  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT  - Yesterday at the American Enterprise Institute, Sen. Alexander introduced the “Scholarships for Kids” Act, legislation that would allow states to creates scholarships out of existing federal education dollars to follow 11 million low-income children to the schools they attend. Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1aIxOur
LIKE or SHARE if—like Sen. Alexander—you support school choice for elementary and secondary education.   Alexander said: “Our higher education system is the best in the world because our colleges and universities have autonomy and compete for federal money that follows students to the school of their choice. When we let parents decide which elementary or high school is best for their children, we’ll see similar results.”
Sen. Alexander and Tennessee Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey met in Alexander’s office last night before heading to a private dinner for senators and spouses prior to the State of the Union.
If you wanted to hear about decreased Obama regulations at SOTU last night, please LIKE or SHARE.  Sen. Alexander said he would have preferred to hear “a real answer” from President Obama on income inequality in his State of the Union address. Alexander said, “The first real answer is to liberate the free enterprise system from Obama regulations so it can create more good jobs.” Watch Alexander’s reaction here: http://1.usa.gov/1by9Zje 
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the “real answer” to income inequality in this country “is to liberate the free enterprise system to create more good jobs,” which the president is unlikely to propose in his State of the Union address tonight.    Alexander said, “The first real answer to income inequality is to liberate the free enterprise system to create more good jobs, and that’s harder to do with the big, wet blanket of Obama administration regulations causing employers to reduce the number of jobs. During this year alone, Obamacare will cancel millions more health care policies and add new costs to employers that will cause the destruction of a great many jobs." http://bit.ly/LjByXs 
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that parents should have more freedom to choose a better school for their child.
  
 This morning at American Enterprise Institute , Sens. Alexander and Scott talked school choice with Frederick M. Hess, and Alexander introduced  the “Scholarships for Kids Act,” his proposal that would allow states to create scholarships out of existing federal education dollars to follow 11 million low-income children to schools they attend. Read more on the “Scholarships for Kids” Act. http://1.usa.gov/L64SzP
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: At the Faithful Men’s Banquet this weekend in Powell, Tenn., Sen. Alexander played “Amazing Grace” before keynote speaker, Dr. Ben Carson, took the stage. http://bit.ly/1hoj6r3
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In Sen. Alexander’s column titled, “Fighting Harry Reid to Give Tennesseans a Voice,” sent to weekly newspapers in Tennessee last week, he wrote: “Tennesseans didn't send me to Washington to rubber-stamp the majority leader's ideas -- not this majority leader or any majority leader. Tennesseans sent me here to represent them and to advocate their point of view and to give them a say on Obamacare, on balancing the budget, on growing the economy so the unemployed can find jobs, and so on … We should be debating the major issues facing our country; instead, the Senate is a one-man show, orchestrated by the White House.”   Follow this link to read more on Alexander’s fight to give Tennesseans a voice: http://1.usa.gov/1cWpSQc 
“Dr. King’s birthday reminds me of a hot August day in 1963. I was a law student and summer intern at the Department of Justice, and I remember standing at the back of a huge crowd as Dr. King spoke of his dream that one day his children would not be judged ‘by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.’ This was a time of sit-ins and civil rights marches in the South. Even some major universities were just beginning to end segregation by race. So much has changed since that day, but his words are important words to remember as we strive to honor his legacy." http://1.usa.gov/1eHfnTm
Today at Tennessee Wesleyan College, Sen. Alexander spoke to the Athens Kiwanis Club about job growth and the importance of local decision-making.
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the Obama administration should abandon its proposed carbon emission rule on new coal plants.  Yesterday Alexander joined Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell’s effort to block the EPA’s proposed rule to enforce strict pollution standards on new coal plants, saying: “The Obama administration must think our country, which uses 20 to 25 percent of all the electricity in the world, can operate on windmills. For most power plants there is no proven, commercially viable way to capture and store or reuse carbon emissions. This regulation will only drive up prices, drive down job growth, and effectively ban new coal plants in this country. If the administration is serious about clean, reliable, inexpensive electricity, it should abandon this regulation.”  http://1.usa.gov/Km8tti 
Today the House passed Alexander’s legislation requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports on the Obamacare exchanges, including easily tracked data such as the number of individuals who have visited the site and the number who have successfully enrolled, their zip code and the level of coverage they’ve obtained.
 
 LIKE or SHARE if—like Alexander—you think Majority Leader Reid should follow the House’s lead and allow the Senate to consider Alexander’s legislation. http://1.usa.gov/1aTM951
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander, who said in an op-ed in today’s Tennessean:   “Tennesseans didn’t send me to Washington to rubber-stamp Harry Reid’s ideas or those of any other Senate leader. They expect me to have a say for them on ‘Obamacare,’ fixing the debt, Iran and other vital issues.”  READ MORE from Alexander’s op-ed, “U.S. Senate dissolving into one-man show.” http://1.usa.gov/1ds1Els 
Yesterday Sen. Alexander spoke on the Senate floor, calling on Democratic Leader Harry Reid to stop cutting off committee work, debate, amendments and votes so senators in the minority can “have a say on behalf of the people who elected [them].”   Alexander said: “Tennesseans didn’t send me to Washington to rubber-stamp the majority leader’s ideas – not this majority leader, not any majority leader. Tennesseans sent me here to represent them and to advocate their point of view and to give them a say on Obamacare, on balancing the budget, on fixing the deficit, on helping unemployed Americans find jobs, on dealing with wages, on raising family incomes.”   LIKE or SHARE Alexander’s speech if you agree. http://bit.ly/1m59qlZ
Please SHARE this major victory for veterans in Tennessee: Sen. Alexander announced Tuesday that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs had reversed its previous decision not to fund innovative learning support classes for Tennessee veterans pursuing further education under the G.I. bill and will now fund classes at 13 community colleges throughout Tennessee for nearly 1,000 Tennessee veterans. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/JK1ef8
Yesterday Sens. Alexander and Corker introduced legislation by Rep. John J. Duncan, Jr., that would award former University of Tennessee girls’ basketball coach Pat Summitt the Congressional Gold Medal. 
 
 Alexander said: “Tennesseans could not be more proud of Pat Summitt. What we have valued in her for so long is her remarkable skill, as well as her strong character; her commitment to the community, to the University of Tennessee and to the players; and her love of the game, which changed women’s basketball forever.” http://1.usa.gov/1lZhkxn
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: In an op-ed in @POLITICOMag titled, “This Is the End of the Senate. It’s Harry Reid’s Fault,” Sen. Alexander writes: “…[T]oday’s Senate is destroying its capacity to forge consensus, to protect minority views from popular passions and to counter presidential excesses … Reid has set records for bringing legislation to the floor without committee approval, cutting off amendments and cutting off debate.” Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1bWuBkq
LIKE or SHARE if you agree: It’s time to end Big Wind.   In case you missed it, in the Townhall article, “The U.S. Could Save $60 Billion by Ending Wind Subsidies,” Heather Ginsberg writes about Sen. Alexander’s reasons to oppose extending the wind energy tax credit, from the subsidy’s price tag to wind’s shortcomings compared to other sources of energy. Follow this link to read more on Alexander’s reasons to end Big Wind: http://bit.ly/1cNYnbk
Sens. Alexander and Corker and Rep. Fleishmann welcomed students from Silverdale Baptist Academy in Chattanooga to Washington on this chilly Tuesday morning.  #sbajterm14
LIKE or SHARE if you agree Congress is wasting your money on wind subsidies. Read more from Sen. Alexander on why ending the Big Wind subsidy is a good way to ring in the New Year:  http://1.usa.gov/Kx9EHj
Obamacare is forcing at least 11 Tennessee school districts to limit jobs or hours. Please LIKE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that: “Schools should be free to make decisions based on what will help students learn what they need to know, not on how to cope with Obamacare’s burdensome and expensive mandates.” 
 http://1.usa.gov/1d6u6dM
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Obamacare's "burdensome mandates on employers" will lead to an "Unhappy New Year for tens of thousands of Tennesseans" who count on their employer for health insurance:  “During 2014, many of the burdensome Obamacare mandates on businesses that the Obama administration delayed will be in full force. We've already seen how the president’s broken promise that ‘If you like your health insurance, you can keep it’ was an unwelcome Christmas present for 82,000 Tennesseans buying insurance on their own. Now, since nearly 13 times as many Tennesseans receive health insurance on the job, Obamacare threatens to bring an Unhappy New Year for tens of thousands more Tennesseans." http://1.usa.gov/1eosmJS
NA
LIKE or SHARE if you think President Obama should have listened to Republicans during the 2010 White House health-care summit:  The White House announced Thursday that it would now allow Americans to replace their canceled health care plans to instead purchase “catastrophic” coverage. Sen. Alexander said: “Republicans have suggested that to provide health coverage for more Americans, everyone should have the opportunity to buy affordable catastrophic insurance as part of a private-sector plan to create more competition, offer more choices, and lower costs. This is a completely different approach and would have been a better path than Obamacare. It was suggested by Republicans – and ridiculed by the president – at the 2010 White House health-care summit.” http://1.usa.gov/1a0nSGa
LIKE or SHARE if you agree that #ObamaCancellations are an unwelcome Christmas present: Yesterday Sen. Alexander spoke about Obamacare’s impact on Tennesseans, saying: “The fact that at least 82,000 Tennesseans will begin to lose their individual health insurance policies starting Jan. 1 is an unwelcome Christmas present. And it'll be an unhappy New Year for many more Tennesseans who get their insurance on the job when Obamacare's burdensome mandates on employers kick in.” http://bit.ly/1dP68k6
LIKE or SHARE if you think you deserve to know how much your health insurance will cost in 2015 before the 2014 elections: Today Sen. Alexander introduced legislation that will reverse the Obama administration’s decision to delay Obamacare insurance enrollment until after the 2014 election, saying, “The only Americans the Obama administration’s delay will help is Democratic politicians who voted for Obamacare, because it delays disclosure of some of the law’s most insidious effects for 2015 until after the election.”
 
 Alexander’s legislation will also require the administration to let Americans know how much they will pay for their health insurance prior to open enrollment so they have time to make decisions about their health care. http://1.usa.gov/1gH1l9b
“I voted against the budget agreement because it avoids the federal government’s most urgent need: reducing the growth of runaway entitlement spending. Instead, it spends savings that should be used to strengthen Medicare, pensions, and the air transportation system. It is particularly troubling that the budget agreement takes money from pensions in a way that treats military retirees worse than the civilian federal employees.” http://1.usa.gov/1dnuh0z
Sen. Alexander applauds Lee University’s travelling choir, “Voices of Lee,” after their performance at Tennessee Tuesday. The group performed “Silver Bells” and a rendition of The Preamble to the United States Constitution and “America the Beautiful.” VIDEO HERE: http://1.usa.gov/1fkOMwu
This morning, Sens. Alexander and Corker and Tennesseans visiting Washington were treated to a performance by some terrific musicians from Cleveland, Tenn. The “Voices of Lee,” Lee University’s travelling choir, put everyone in the Christmas spirit.  http://bit.ly/J3n2RS
LIKE or SHARE if you want to see Washington get out of the way of education. At yesterday’s hearing on college accreditation, Sen. Alexander urged witnesses to spend time focusing on quality education, cutting costs and  getting “Washington out of the way.” Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1bIJlYg
On Tuesday Sen. Alexander announced his bill, also introduced in the House by Rep. Blackburn, to include four Tennessee Civil War battlefields in the National Park System. http://1.usa.gov/18WUOol
Senators Alexander and Corker met with students from West High School in Knoxville during today’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a weekly constituent breakfast in Washington, D.C. The students are candidates of the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program, a competitive high school program that offers high standard academic courses [photo courtesy of Senate Photographic Service].
  
 If you’d like to join “Tennessee Tuesday” during your visit to Washington, please visit our website: http://1.usa.gov/1jKp7kd
LIKE or SHARE if you think Harry Reid is the "obstructionist in chief" in the U.S. Senate.   Sen. Alexander stopped by the Knoxville News Sentinel Monday to talk about what’s going on in the Senate, including legislation he passed this year to help Tennesseans, despite the “obstructionist in chief” Harry Reid. Read more: http://bit.ly/IEeIHS
Today Sen. Alexander said Majority Leader Reid’s use of the nuclear option was “another raw exercise of political power to permit the majority to do anything it wants, whenever it wants to do it. It is Obamacare II." http://bit.ly/1ayUWIS
Sen. Alexander’s legislation to help protect Tennesseans from “another nightmare meningitis outbreak” passed the Senate yesterday and is on its way to becoming law. Alexander said, “Tennesseans deserve this bill, which will make it clear exactly who is in charge of overseeing each compounding facility, so there will be no questions about who’s on the flagpole.” http://1.usa.gov/1ip6ykX
Watch Sen. Alexander on this morning’s “Squawk Box” (CNBC) discussing why Obamacare is the “wrong direction” for America –and describing specific Republican health care solutions to encourage competition and choice. LIKE or SHARE if you agree that Obamacare took our health care system in the wrong direction.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lznXkziuZdQ&feature=youtu.be
Last week, Sen. Alexander met with members of Autism Speaks. From left to right: Michelle Todd, Shelley Hendrix, Liz Feld, Lorri Unumb, Daniel Unumb and Robert Okun.
Sens. Alexander and McCain with Captain Perry S. Cloud and his family at Fort Campbell shortly after McCain presented the Purple Heart to Captain Cloud, who was wounded during a tour of duty in Afghanistan. http://1.usa.gov/1ajLb16
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: From today’s Tennessean article, “TN Republicans assail Obama's proposed health law fix”: “…Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander said the matter was too important to depend on the president’s administrative fix. [He said], ‘The 5 million Americans — including 82,000 Tennesseans — losing their health care plans know that, after too many broken promises from this administration, the details matter.’”  http://tnne.ws/17XV7yP  Click LIKE if you agree that your health care is too important to depend on the Obama administration’s fix.
LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Americans don't need more promises from the president about health care.
 
 After the president's press conference today, Alexander said: "The 5 million Americans – including 82,000 Tennesseans – losing their health care plans know that, after too many broken promises from this administration, the details matter. The president should send his proposal to Congress to consider and give Americans the certainty of law over rhetoric.” http://1.usa.gov/17wFmyi
Watch Sen. Alexander discussing #ObamaCancellations in Tennessee – and LIKE or SHARE if you agree that Tennesseans like Emilie should be able to keep the health care coverage they have. http://bit.ly/1gOg9CK
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Sen. Alexander on FOX News: “You could fit everyone who signed up for Obamacare in the first month into Neyland Stadium – and still have room for the ‘Pride of the Southland’ marching band.”  Please LIKE or SHARE if you agree with Alexander: “This demands that the president put his promise into law and allow Americans to stay on the health care plans they have.” http://1.usa.gov/1a5LEUp
NA
Please LIKE or SHARE and thank a veteran today. http://1.usa.gov/HDwA5I
TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on “The Mike Huckabee Show” at 12:30 p.m. ET/ 11:30 a.m. CT to discuss Obamacare: http://bit.ly/QmJMIG
Good news for ROTC programs at East Tennessee State University, Tennessee Technology University and University of Tennessee Martin: Alexander announces Army won’t close programs and will allow time for improvements.  Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/1bcj1S8
LIKE or SHARE if you think the Obama administration needs to be held accountable for the promise: “If you like your plan, you can keep it.”   Sen. Alexander called on the president yesterday to put that promise into law, saying the reality of Obamacare is actually: “‘If you want health care, go find it—on a website that the Administration says won’t be working properly until the end of November.’’’ Read more: http://1.usa.gov/1arxHMo
TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on FOX News’s “America’s News HQ” at 1:00 p.m. ET/ 12 p.m. CT to discuss Obamacare.
LIKE or SHARE if you don’t want to pay more for health insurance or lose your insurance because of Obamacare. Yesterday Sen. Alexander said Tennesseans are losing their plans, despite WhiteHouse.gov still promising, “If you like your plan you can keep it and you don’t have to change a thing due to the health care law.” Follow this link to read more from the Memphis Business Journal: http://bit.ly/17b6zGG
In Case You Missed It: During today’s Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on problems with the rollout of Obamacare, Sen. Alexander read from the White House website, which still makes the following promise as of today: “If you like your plan you can keep it and you don’t have to change a thing due to the health care law.”
Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” this post if you agree with Alexander that Obamacare is an “historic mistake.”
HEADS UP: Today the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee will hold a hearing with CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner on problems with what Senator Alexander has called the “disastrous” rollout of Obamacare.   Here’s the link to watch LIVE at 10 a.m. EST. http://tinyurl.com/lxg8xe9
ICYMI: In the Nashville Business Journal article, “Analysis from Sen. Alexander shows TN insurance rates will go up,” E.J. Boyer writes about the latest data backing up Sen. Alexander’s argument that Obamacare will increase health insurance rates for young adults and families in Tennessee. Boyer writes, “According to the data, a 27-year old female in Nashville looking to buy the cheapest plan will see rates increase by 87 percent, up to $113.80 from $60.93. A 27-year old male will see an increase of 149 percent…the analysis supports Republicans' latest rallying cry: that President Obama's promise that if you like your insurance, you could keep it, is not holding up.” Follow this link to read more: http://bit.ly/1anINlx
Yesterday, On Fox News's "Your World with Neil Cavuto," Sen. Alexander talked about his call for Secretary Sebelius to resign because of the disastrous rollout of Obamacare. He said, "[Sec. Sebelius] is going to Memphis tomorrow and while she is there I hope she explains to thousands of Tennesseans who are receiving cancelation letters, why they are going to be out of insurance starting on January 1 because the website won't work." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Hsgwwk15ls&feature=youtu.be
Today Sen. Alexander said he supported the subpoena issued by House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa, R-Calif., for Obamacare exchange documents Alexander and Issa previously requested. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you support this subpoena to stop the Obama administration from “keeping Congress and the entire American public in the dark.” http://1.usa.gov/1aXlWOF
ICYMI: Last night, on FOX Business's "The Willis Report" with Gerri Willis, Sen. Alexander talked about his call for Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to resign over the implementation of the Obamacare exchanges. Alexander said: "She should step down. If this was the private sector, that kind of performance would not be tolerated.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree.
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander was on “The Mike Huckabee Show” this afternoon to talk about Obamacare and his call for Secretary Sebelius to resign. Follow this link to listen to Alexander’s full interview on the Obamacare #trainwreck: http://bit.ly/1dqk58J
NA
NA
Today Sen. Alexander called for President Obama to ask HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to resign over the implementation of the Obamacare exchanges. On the Senate floor, Alexander said: “It is time for the President to ask the Secretary of Health and Human Services to resign.” “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/1abUQSK
Today Sen. Alexander called for the resignation of HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius over the implementation of the Obamacare exchanges. Alexander said: “Expecting this secretary to be able to fix in a few weeks what she has not been able to fix during the last three and one half years is unrealistic. It is throwing good money after bad.” “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that Americans deserve accountability over Obamacare. http://1.usa.gov/1abUQSK
TUNE IN NOW: Alexander to make an announcement on the #Obamacare  #trainwreck. Tune to C-SPAN 2 or watch online: http://cs.pn/i1Erdp
Yesterday Sen. Alexander introduced a six-page bill requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports on the Obamacare exchanges and said he would ask for unanimous passage of the bill today. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that the administration needs to provide all Americans with this information. http://1.usa.gov/1cgArzv
Sen. Alexander today introduced a six-page bill requiring the administration to provide weekly reports on the Obamacare exchanges and said he would ask for unanimous passage of the bill tomorrow. Alexander said: “Before the Internet, RCA knew how many records Elvis was selling every day. Before the Internet, Ford knew how many cars they were selling every day. Before the Internet, McDonald’s could tell you how many hamburgers it had sold each day. Yet the Obama administration cannot tell us how many Americans have tried to sign up for Obamacare.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you think the administration needs to provide all Americans with this information. http://bit.ly/18w5ljt
ICYMI: In the Knoxville News Sentinel column, “Obama not doing enough to defend religious freedom,” Greg Johnson writes: “President Barack Obama is finding shame in Egypt, callously ignoring a religious minority being slaughtered. Moses boldly spoke truth to power when his people were persecuted. Obama says nothing as Christians are killed... [Senators Alexander and Corker said], ‘We are especially troubled by reports that Egyptian authorities have failed to respond to attacks on Christians and churches, or hold perpetrators accountable.’ The senators challenged Obama: ‘We ask that you speak out clearly and publicly against the cycle of violence in Egypt.’ Corker and Alexander accurately see the bigger picture. ‘It is our view that Egypt is part of a broader trend: religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia, particularly for Christians, are under assault,’ they wrote.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if this issue also concerns you, and follow this link to read more from the Knoxville News Sentinel: http://bit.ly/17o7zrl
ICYMI: In the Washington Examiner article, “Sebelius either lied or was ignorant of Obamacare woes,” Paul Bedard writes: “The political war over the fumbled implementation of Obamacare reached a new level Friday when two key GOP leaders suggested that Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius either lied or was ignorant about the woes in the system, bragging that it was in tip-top shape and ready for use. In a letter, Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., also threatened to subpoena Obamacare documents if Sebelius continues to stonewall their investigation.” Follow this link to read Alexander’s letter to Sebelius: http://bit.ly/18ksm8J
Sen. Alexander and Rep. Issa announced today they have sent a letter demanding Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius provide requested documents related to the major problems with HealthCare.gov by Oct. 28th or face the possibility of a subpoena from the House Oversight Committee. Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1d7A7nX
Follow this link to read more from Sen. Alexander on the House passage of the Water Resources Development Act and its impact on Tennesseans: http://1.usa.gov/Hki5UG
ICYMI: In today’s Washington Times article, “GOP threatens subpoenas over Obamacare rollout,” Seth McLaughlin writes:  “In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, Rep. Darrell Issa, California Republican, and Sen. Lamar Alexander, Tennessee Republican, demanded that she turn over information that could shed more light on what exactly went wrong with the healthcare.gov website, which has been plagued with problems. ‘It is clear that you and other high-ranking HHS officials either provided false testimony to Congress or did not know how badly the development of the HealthCare.gov was proceeding,’ they said in the letter. ‘Either scenario, if accurate, is inexcusable and demands accountability from your department.’” Follow this link to read more, and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you also want accountability from the Obama administration. http://bit.ly/18jZI7M
Sen. Alexander said today that the United Nations’ proposed Arms Trade Treaty “violates the Second Amendment rights of Tennesseans and all Americans” and that he would oppose it after joining a bipartisan group of 50 senators in a letter to President Obama. Follow this link to read more, including Alexander’s six key reasons for opposition, and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/1aHSITV
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander appeared on Fox News’s “Happening Now” with Jenna Lee and Jon Scott today to discuss his bill requiring weekly reports on Obamacare exchanges and problems with the website. Follow this link to watch the full interview: http://bit.ly/1aGjYSz
Yesterday Sens. Alexander, Corker and Blunt sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry concerning recent reports of more frequent, targeted attacks against Christian groups in Egypt. The senators wrote: “Egypt’s Christian minority and their ability to worship are in danger. The situation warrants a clear U.S. response.  We are especially troubled by reports that Egyptian authorities have failed to respond to attacks on Christians and churches, or hold perpetrators accountable. It is our view that Egypt is part of a broader trend: religious freedoms throughout the Middle East and South Central Asia, particularly for Christians, are under assault. The U.S. must respond to this challenge and continue to be a forceful defender of religious freedom throughout the world.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if this issue also concerns you. Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1eJxskB
NA
Today Sen. Alexander announced that he will introduce a bill requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports to Congress and to states with data about Obamacare enrollment, efforts to resolve the site’s technological problems, and information about organizations contracted as navigators. Follow this link to read more about the bill and the Obamacare exchange #trainwreck: http://1.usa.gov/HfKgU2
Today Sen. Alexander announced that he will introduce a bill requiring the Obama administration to provide weekly reports to Congress and to states with data about Obamacare enrollment, efforts to resolve the site’s technological problems, and information about organizations contracted as navigators. Follow this link to read more about the bill and the Obamacare exchange #trainwreck: http://1.usa.gov/HfKgU2
ICYMI: In an Oct. 21 article in Bloomberg Businessweek,“Obamacare Rushes to End Delays as Deadline Talk Grows,” Sen. Alexander said of Obamacare exchanges: “Somebody ought to be accountable for this mess, and if the president isn’t going to resign, it’s up to him to figure out who should.” Follow this link to read more and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree: http://buswk.co/1a1BB4k
Follow this link to listen LIVE on NewsTalk 98.7: http://bit.ly/8ZGmWI
Follow this link to listen LIVE on NewsTalk 98.7: http://bit.ly/8ZGmWI
Following President Obama’s speech on Healthcare.gov, Sen. Alexander said: “The president is right—this law is more than a website that won’t work—it’s a Washington mandate that many Americans are finding impossible, and it’s an historic mistake that is raising premiums, forcing employees off insurance plans, increasing out-of-pocket costs, and pushing employers to cut jobs and hours. His speeches worked during the campaign, but today Americans are still no closer to understanding what has gone wrong with this website, or how it will be fixed, or whether it will be fixed in time for them to comply with the mandate.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree Obamacare is an historic mistake. http://1.usa.gov/1cPbrjT
Americans logging on to the Obamacare exchanges are discovering that the health insurance plans they have now will either cost much more next year, or don’t meet the law’s mandates. They must either pay for a more expensive plan, including coverage they don’t want, or choose to go without insurance and pay a penalty to the IRS. Sen. Alexander said: “This is why we’ve been working so hard to dismantle and repeal this bill, so that we can begin to pass step-by-step reforms that transform the health care delivery system by putting patients in charge, giving them more choices, and reducing the cost of health care so that more people can afford it.” Follow to read about the six things Americans can expect from the Obamacare exchanges: http://1.usa.gov/163zoPt
ICYMI: In The Hill article, “Senator: ObamaCare ‘about as clear as mud,’” Ben Goad writes: “The public is confused about ObamaCare because the administration is ‘burying’ important details, a Republican senator charged Thursday. Sen. Lamar Alexander (Tenn.), the top Republican on the Senate health committee, criticized the administration's handling of ObamaCare regulations, noting that some were released through informal channels, while others had to be unearthed by reporters. ‘This law is about as clear as mud,’ Alexander said. ‘And instead of helping Americans understand their new obligations, the Obama administration has been burying important changes — not announcing them boldly, as you’d expect an administration that’s proud of its new healthcare law to do.’” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that this law is a trainwreck. http://1.usa.gov/1bKlNUX
ICYMI: On Tuesday, Boy Scout Troop 911 of Mt. Juliet came to Washington with a week events planned, only to find that many places the scouts intended to go were closed because of the government shutdown. One place that was open was the weekly Tennessee Tuesday constituent breakfast Sens. Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker hold, and since tours of the U.S. Capitol building were not available, Senator Alexander offered to provide one. Follow this link for more photos from Tuesday’s tour of the Capitol: http://1.usa.gov/19D5x6x
Senator Alexander has always enjoyed meeting WWII veterans at their memorial on the National Mall, and was grateful to have that opportunity again today to honor veterans who flew to DC today through the Honor Air of Knoxville.
The Obama administration persisted with the roll out of the Obamacare exchanges on Oct. 1, despite countless warning signs that the exchanges were not ready to handle the millions of Americans required to purchase health insurance or face tax penalties from the individual mandate. As Sen. Alexander said in August: "I've been warning that a train wreck is coming with this law, but the truth is that no train wreck has ever had this many warning signs.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree, and click here to read more about some of the “glitches” that have occurred in the past week: http://tinyurl.com/lwmxaq9
In a speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate, Sen. Alexander said President Obama and Senate Democrats have failed “to make a reasonable effort to resolve real differences” and questioned why the president would talk with Iranian leaders but not congressional leaders. Alexander said, “This stubbornness in the face of reasonableness will not be good for our country, will not be good for either political party, it will not help us to achieve the kind of result on this and other issues that the Founders intended by creating a system of checks and balances in our democratic form of government.” Please LIKE or SHARE this post if you agree with Alexander that Democrats are being unreasonable. http://tinyurl.com/nvtcos5
Earlier today, Sen. Alexander joined a bipartisan group of senators in unanimously passing Senate legislation to make sure that if the government shuts down, military personal will still receive pay as scheduled. “We should make absolutely sure that the men and women of our military are paid on the day they are supposed to be paid, and their spouses aren’t waiting for the check,” Alexander said. “Let’s not run the risk that a single soldier fighting in Afghanistan has a paycheck that is one day late, and the mortgage can’t be paid. This is a step toward reasonableness, and I hope the president signs it immediately.”
 
 Alexander also supported legislation by the House of Representatives that would have funded the government while delaying Obamacare’s individual mandate by one year and repealed a “burdensome” tax on medical devices he said “is increasing the costs of life-saving medical devices for everyone and killing good jobs for Tennesseans.” http://1.usa.gov/1bY1B1b
ICYMI – WSMV in Nashville reported that Saturday the House of Representatives passed a legislative agreement Alexander helped reach to clarify oversight of pharmaceutical compounding, following the deadly meningitis outbreak that killed 16 Tennesseans:  “Following Saturday's vote, Sen. Alexander released a statement saying, ‘This is a big step toward preventing another nightmare for Tennesseans like last year's tragic meningitis outbreak, which the FDA commissioner tells us will happen again if we don't fix the uncertainty over who's in charge of compounding facilities. The House has passed our agreement to make it clear exactly who is in charge of overseeing each compounding facility, so there will be no questions about who's on the flagpole. I urge the Senate to act swiftly and send this bill to the president to sign.’ Read WSMV’s full report here: http://bit.ly/18GzikL
Thursday, Sen. Alexander met with employees of Eastman Chemical Company in Kingsport, Tenn., who have also served tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan. Eastman recently received the 2013 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award, the department’s highest recognition given to employers for exceptional support of employees serving in the National Guard and Reserve. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” to congratulate Eastman on the award and thank these Tennesseans for their service.
[clockwise from top left] Sen. Alexander talks with Tennesseans and March of Dimes advocates Jimmy Hammock, Niki Taylor and #11 FedEx Toyota NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin, along with Nina Centofanti (lower left), whose family was named the 2014 March of Dimes National Ambassadors. They met to discuss important health issues, including the Alexander-sponsored bill to reduce premature births, which passed the Senate last night: http://1.usa.gov/15yeexU
On news reports today that Secretary of State John Kerry plans to sign the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, Alexander said this is a “very bad idea,” and that he will join his colleagues in opposition “to any United Nations action that could undermine the Second Amendment or any of our constitutional rights, and I’m opposed to any United Nations action that could threaten our country’s sovereignty.” Like or share this post if you agree. And check out this video clip of Sen. Alexander’s reaction the last time this was attempted by the Obama administration (when Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJPYpHT2-1E
ICYMI: In the Washington Examiner article, “Republicans warn administration on Obamacare 'fix' for unions,” Sean Higgins writes about 21 GOP lawmakers, led by Sen. Alexander, who are arguing against the Obama administration concerning a “special carve out” favoring unions under Obamacare. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander and other Republicans that favoring unions would be “grossly unfair to every non-union worker in America…” http://bit.ly/18SzFdQ
NA
Sen. Alexander had the following to say about the announcement this morning by the EPA of a proposed rule to enforce strict pollution standards on new coal plants, forcing them to capture and store at least 40 percent of their carbon emissions: “The Obama Administration must think our country, which uses 20 to 25 percent of all the electricity in the world, can operate on windmills. For most power plants there is no proven, commercially viable way to capture and store or reuse carbon emissions. This regulation, therefore, will drive up prices and drive down job growth.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that this proposed regulation “is one more big, wet blanket on the American economy.” http://1.usa.gov/1aReWFz
Yesterday Sen. Alexander met with the 2013 Tennessee Principal of the Year, Dr. Andrea Anthony, from Fred J. Page High School in Franklin, Tenn. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” to congratulate Andrea on her award!
Sen. Alexander received the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s Spirit of Enterprise Award, which recognizes members of Congress who consistently cast votes that help businesses create jobs. Alexander said, “The best thing we can do to create jobs is unleash our free-enterprise system by dismantling the president’s health care law and other regulations, so Tennessee businesses can help get our economy moving again.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/17JSnkG
Today marks the five-year anniversary of the State Department receiving TransCanada’s application to build the Keystone XL pipeline. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that there is “simply no excuse” for not moving forward with the pipeline.
The Congressional Budget Office’s Long-Term Budget Outlook released yesterday reinforces that entitlement spending is driving our nation’s debt to unsustainable levels. Senators Alexander and Corker introduced the Fiscal Sustainability Act, S. 11, in February to reduce the growth of entitlement spending nearly $1 trillion in the next decade. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you want Congress to pass a bill that doesn’t leave young Americans footing the bill for runaway entitlement spending. http://1.usa.gov/1eqkXNn
“Constitution Week provides a good opportunity to put the teaching of American history and civics back in its rightful place in our schools so our children can grow up learning what it means to be an American.” –Sen. Alexander
ICYMI: In The Hill article, “Alexander vows to fight Obama’s policies that are ‘hurting’ US workers,” Ramsey Cox writes: “Alexander vowed to continue to fight the healthcare law, also known as the Affordable Care Act. ‘I am committed to finding a better way by creating an environment in which we can grow the largest number of good new jobs by reducing costs and regulations on businesses, repealing the job-destroying health care law, and encouraging employers to expand their businesses in America, instead of punishing them with policies that satisfy big labor bosses and destroy jobs,’ Alexander said.” Follow this link for the full article, and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree Obama’s policies are “hurting American workers.” http://1.usa.gov/1dlLZ5q
Following the president’s speech today on the economy, Sen. Alexander said: “The president’s policies are hurting American workers. Today, 7.3 percent of Americans qualify as unemployed, while millions more have taken part-time work because that is all they can find…” Alexander favors “reducing costs and regulations on businesses, repealing the job-destroying health care law, and encouraging employers to expand their businesses in America, instead of punishing them with policies that satisfy big labor bosses and destroy jobs.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree. http://1.usa.gov/1812ouC
Sens. Alexander and Corker met with American Cancer Society members from across the state at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a constituent breakfast held in Washington every week the Senate is in session. For more information, click here: http://1.usa.gov/13RUNx5
ICYMI: In the Johnson City Press article, “Sen. Alexander throws his support behind state’s fish hatcheries,” staff writes: “During a late-August visit to the Erwin National Fish Hatchery, U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., pledged to continue work to ensure that federal fish hatcheries recently threatened by budget cuts would remain open. When it came to Alexander’s attention that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service may now be studying federal hatcheries, which include the Erwin National Fish Hatchery and Dale Hollow National Fish Hatchery in Celina, for closure, the senator took action to live up to the commitment.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you are one of the 900,000 Tennesseans and visitors who buy fishing licenses each year. http://bit.ly/15nTEyh
At the dedication of the Natalie L. Haslam Music Center today in Knoxville, Sen. Alexander presented the University of Tennessee with the original manuscript of “Tennessee Waltz,” one of Tennessee’s official state songs, and followed with a surprise performance of the song made famous by singer Patti Page. Check out UT’s video here: http://bit.ly/18287hU
Sens. Alexander and Corker met with students from Macon Road Baptist School in Memphis at this week’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a constituent breakfast held in Washington every week the Senate is in session. For more information, click here: http://1.usa.gov/13RUNx5
On the twelfth anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Sen. Alexander said: “Now 12 years after the tragic attacks of Sept. 11, we still mourn those we lost that day, and we honor the fighting men and women who have made sacrifices on our behalf since. One good way to remember Sept. 11 is an idea I call ‘Pledge plus Three’: Start each school day with the Pledge of Allegiance—as many schools still do—followed by a teacher or student sharing for three minutes ‘what it means to be an American.’ This would help put back into its rightful place the teaching of U.S. history in our schools so that every child grows up knowing what it means to be an American, which is especially important on Sept. 11.” http://1.usa.gov/1aCgKFL
Yesterday, Sen. Alexander released the following statement on the news that the health care law is forcing an end to Cover Tennessee, a state program created in 2006 to help provide affordable coverage to Tennesseans who are uninsured or have pre-existing conditions: “The new health care law has destroyed an innovative state health insurance plan that is helping 16,000 Tennesseans afford health care coverage. Like all Americans, these Tennesseans were promised by President Obama that under his health care law they’d keep their coverage, but will likely be forced by the law into the Obamacare exchanges, where the affordability of health insurance, security of their personal information, and ability of doctors to take new patients are all in question.” http://1.usa.gov/17NYMMp
Earlier today, Sen. Alexander and Rep. Fincher introduced the “IRS Abuse Protection Act” to require the federal government to notify taxpayers—in writing—whenever the Internal Revenue Service has accessed their tax returns or other information. Alexander said, “The IRS violated the First Amendment rights of the American people when it created what amounted to an enemies list of conservatives, including Tennessee Tea Party groups, to keep people quiet. This legislation will give taxpayers the protection they need to make sure the IRS isn’t using their information in a way that violates their First Amendment rights to speak up and speak out, for political reasons or otherwise.” http://1.usa.gov/17VXxa4
Earlier today, Sen. Alexander spoke at the Nashville Rotary Club and made the following remarks concerning Syria: “The President has asked Congress to authorize a limited military strike in Syria. I will vote ‘no’ because of too much uncertainty about what comes next. After step A, what will be steps B, C, D and E?  I see too much risk that the strike will do more harm than good by setting off a chain of consequences that could involve American fighting men and women in another long-term Middle East conflict. There should be other ways, more appropriate to America’s vital national security interests, to discourage and show our disgust with the Syrian government’s apparent use of chemical weapons on its own people.” http://1.usa.gov/19Bnyim
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander and Rep. Fincher wrote an op-ed about the “IRS Abuse Prevention Act,” which would help taxpayers protect their constitutional rights by requiring the federal government to notify them each time the IRS accesses their tax accounts, tax returns or other tax return information. They wrote, “When the IRS targeted conservative and other groups — including tea party groups in Tennessee — for additional scrutiny because of their politics it created what amounted to an enemies list to keep people quiet…we think it’s time taxpayers be better able to stand up for themselves. Perhaps if they’re armed with the information our legislation would require the federal government to disclose, taxpayers could head off unfair targeting by the IRS before it gets anywhere.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you want to “keep an eye on the IRS.” http://1.usa.gov/1cKp3wr
Following the targeting of conservative groups by the Internal Revenue Service, Sen. Alexander and Rep. Fincher (R-Tenn.) yesterday announced that they would introduce the “IRS Abuse Protection Act” when Congress comes back into session. This legislation would require the federal government to notify taxpayers whenever the IRS has accessed their tax returns or other information, helping them to protect their constitutional rights. Alexander said, “The IRS violated the First Amendment rights of the American people when it created what amounted to an enemies list of conservatives, including Tennessee Tea Party groups, to keep people quiet. This legislation will give taxpayers the protection they need to make sure the IRS isn’t using their information in a way that violates their First Amendment rights to speak up and speak out, for political reasons or otherwise.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” with others who want to ensure their First Amendment rights are protected. http://1.usa.gov/14W0GtX
ICYMI: In Thursday’s Daily Caller, Caroline May wrote: “Alexander led a group of 39 GOP senators in calling on the White House to explain what at least 21 federal agencies are doing to help implement the Affordable Care Act. ‘We write to ask for information about the activities being undertaken by twenty or more federal agencies with no responsibilities under the President’s health care law in the implementation and promotion of that law, specifically about what the agencies are doing, what funds the agencies are spending, and what authorities the agencies are using.’” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that the White House owes you an explanation. http://bit.ly/14c9GY3
ICYMI: In today’s Education Week article—“Arne Duncan attaches more strings to NCLB waiver renewals”  --Michele McNeil writes about the U.S. Department of Education’s waiver renewal process for states wanting two additional years of flexibility under No Child Left Behind.   McNeil writes, “Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., wasn't happy at all. The top Republican on the Senate education committee rekindled his criticism that the Education Department is becoming a national school board. Of Duncan, he said: ‘He still has states over a barrel, so he's claiming even more detailed control over everything from when and how they evaluate their teachers to which schools they identify as low-performing, and he's forcing them to complete what looks like hundreds of extra pages of paperwork.’” Please ”LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that “parents, teachers and communities,” rather than Washington, should decide if teachers and schools are succeeding or failing. http://bit.ly/14H3sTR
NA
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander released the following statement Wednesday on the administration’s delay until mid-September in signing final agreements with insurance plans to be sold on the health insurance exchanges on October 1: "I've been warning that a train wreck is coming with this law, but the truth is that no train wreck has ever had this many warning signs. The avalanche of last-minute delays should make every American anxious about the quality of the health care they'll be able to purchase in October and the security of the information they'll have to provide—proving again that this law must be repealed so that we can pass step-by-step reforms that transform the health care delivery system by putting patients in charge, giving them more choices, and reducing the cost of health care so that more people can afford it." Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Alexander that “this law must be repealed.”  http://1.usa.gov/158nDXe
Sen. Alexander released the following statement on Alcoa’s plant expansion: "Alcoa's announcement fits right into Tennessee's growing status as the premier location for auto suppliers. But for those of us who grew up here, it is much more than that. For thousands of East Tennessee's families during the last century, Alcoa's presence has meant good jobs, good schools and stronger communities." Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” to congratulate Alcoa on today’s announcement. http://1.usa.gov/1dTwToT
Sen. Alexander made the following statement on the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King, Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech:  “On that August day 50 years ago, I was a law student and summer intern in the U.S. Department of Justice. I found a spot at the back of the crowd gathered on the Washington Mall. I can still hear King's booming voice and the cadences of his speech. I especially remember the power of ‘not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.’ This was a time of sit-ins and civil rights marches in the South. Even some major universities were just beginning to end segregation by race. During 50 years so much has changed, but his words are important words to remember today." http://1.usa.gov/1493Dn1
ICYMI: On Friday, Sen. Alexander visited the Tennessee Wildlife Resource Agency’s board meeting in Knoxville. At the meeting, Alexander discussed standing up to “Washington overreach” through his “Freedom to Fish Act” and thanked the TWRA on behalf of Tennesseans for their work to “conserve our great outdoors.”  Alexander said, “Egypt has its pyramids, and England has its history, and Italy has its art, and we have the great American outdoors, and no one enjoys it more than Tennesseans do.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree.
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander’s op-ed in the Knoxville News Sentinel: “Student loan bill will make cost of borrowing easier and cheaper.” Alexander writes: “A new law I worked to help enact lowers interest rates for every new federal student loan this year, making it easier for 11 million borrowers — including 200,000 Tennessee students — to pay for college.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you’re glad student loans will be “cheaper, simpler and more certain,” and follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/1aJ6H0G
IN CASE YOU MISSED SEN. ALEXANDER’S LATEST NEWSLETTER: On pushing for withdrawal of unconstitutional NLRB nominees and opposing pro-labor replacements, Alexander said: “I voted against President Obama’s two new nominees to the National Labor Relations Board, because I’m concerned with their ability to set aside their pro-union advocacy pasts to act as neutral arbiters between employees and employers.” Follow this link if you want to sign up for Alexander’s regular newsletter on what he’s been working on in Tennessee and Washington, D.C.: http://1.usa.gov/HHzRO6
NA
IN CASE YOU MISSED SEN. ALEXANDER’S LATEST NEWSLETTER: On voting against a "national school board" and pushing for state and local freedom in education, Alexander said: “I voted against a 1,150-page proposal on June 12 by Senate Democrats that would double down on the congestion of federal mandates that have, in effect, established a national school board. This proposal says the federal government doesn’t trust parents, teachers and states to educate their children, and they want someone in Washington to do it for them. My fellow Republicans and I completely reject that.” Follow this link if you want to sign up for Alexander’s regular newsletter on what he’s been working on in Tennessee and Washington, D.C. http://1.usa.gov/HHzRO6
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander's column in Tazewell, Tennessee’s Claiborne Progress: “School choice: The best way to improve education.” Alexander wrote: “By removing many of the federal, state and union rules and constraints placed on traditional public schools, charter schools liberate teachers and principals to use their own good judgment to help children learn what they need to know.” Please “SHARE” or “LIKE” if you agree: “It’s time to free up our children to learn, free up our teachers to educate and free up parents to decide what’s best for their child.” http://bit.ly/17mACX4
ICYMI: In the Tennessean, Tom Wilemon writes, “The recent recall of tainted drugs made by a Texas-based compounder confirms that ‘Congress must act soon to prevent another health crisis,’ U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., the ranking member of the health policy committee said today... ‘Senators on the health committee have worked carefully to put together the best possible legislation, because we knew that the lack of accountability over compounding businesses would lead to another crisis like last year’s meningitis outbreak. We know the problem, we have the solution, and it’s up to Congress to pass this bill as soon as it returns.’ ” http://tnne.ws/1d0LSwQ
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander joined Sen. Rubio in defending legislative prayer. Last week, Alexander signed an amicus brief in the U.S. Supreme Court regarding the Town of Greece v. Galloway case, in which the right of a town to start its board meetings with prayer is at stake.
ICYMI: On Friday, the student loan bill cosponsored by Sen. Alexander and a bipartisan group of senators was signed into law, lowering rates immediately for all students this year from the current rates and tying rates on all new loans to the market. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” with students heading back to college this fall and visit alexander.senate.gov for more information on the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act. http://1.usa.gov/19ZInY7
At last week’s Tennessee Tuesday, Sens. Alexander and Corker met with Bill Hodge, Jeff Hunter and Brenna Irrer of Tennessee Wild, a group dedicated to protecting wilderness on the Cherokee National Forest. Follow this link to read more about the Tennessee Wilderness Act of 2013, introduced by Alexander and Corker, which would designate as wilderness nearly 20,000 acres in six areas of the Cherokee National Forest, while having no effect on privately owned land. http://1.usa.gov/18h63DM
ICYMI: Michael Lollar’s article in The Commercial Appeal: “Memphis again travels to top 20 travel spot.” Citing a recent Microsoft News Web site ranking of the top 20 travel destinations in the world, Lollar writes, “its musical heritage and attention to food and the outdoors helped the city climb into the ranks of such perennial travel destinations as Paris.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if, like Sen. Alexander, you’re a fan of Memphis – or if you call Memphis “home.” http://bit.ly/13DghJH
ICYMI: Ramsey Cox’s article in the Hill: “GOP senators demand answers from White House on ObamaCare promotion.” Cox writes, “Thirty-nine Republican senators demanded answers from the White House on why unrelated federal agencies are spending funds to help implement and promote ObamaCare. ‘At a time federal agency budgets have been tightened by the sequester and the White House has warned of cuts to basic programs, I would like to know how 21 agencies, such as those overseeing agriculture and education, would have the taxpayer dollars to implement and promote the new health care law — an activity outside of their missions and an expense not authorized by Congress,’ Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) said Friday. “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree—“Obamacare is unraveling, and it should be dismantled.” http://bit.ly/17pa0Dz
Yesterday, Sen. Alexander introduced bipartisan legislation to establish an independent advisory panel to oversee claims for nuclear workers, who were unknowingly exposed to radioactive and toxic substances while employed at U.S. nuclear weapons facilities—including Oak Ridge—during the Cold War era.  Alexander said: "Many Americans labored behind the scenes working with little-understood hazardous materials to build our nation's nuclear deterrent, and Tennessee has had more people – more than 14,000 – file claims for compensation than any other state. This legislation would make the process easier for, and more accountable to, Tennesseans from places like Anderson and Roane counties who have made claims for compensation and deserve a voice in the process." http://1.usa.gov/13qmk8P
Throw-Back Thursday: Obamacare Past and Present  Past: At the health care summit in February 2010, Sen. Alexander delivered opening remarks on behalf of congressional Republicans, in which he disagreed with President Obama over the president’s assertion that Obamacare would not increase individual premiums. Alexander told the president: “It means that for millions of Americans, premiums will go up, because when people pay those new taxes, premiums will go up, and they will also go up because of the government mandates.”   Present: More than three years later, the White House has collected data on health insurance premiums in 34 states, but it has released a report highlighting premium information in just 11 states. A recent congressional report states that rates in the individual market are expected to increase as much as 30 to 40 percent on average in 2014. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Obamacare is a “historic mistake” that “should be dismantled.”
ICYMI: In today’s National Journal article -- “Do You Know What ‘On the Flagpole’ Means?”-- Catherine Hollander highlights a phrase Sen. Alexander has used since his time as governor to communicate the importance of accountability, most recently in Senate hearings about a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that affected many Tennesseans. Hollander writes: “A fatal fungal-meningitis outbreak last fall—the result of tainted steroid injections—has spurred proposed legislation to tighten restrictions on the type of pharmacies that mix custom drugs, a process known as compounding. Alexander, the ranking member on the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, wants to make sure someone is accountable for overseeing those facilities—or, as he says, to make clear who is ‘on the flagpole.’…Alexander has been using the phrase for more than 30 years. ‘My experience in life is that if it’s clear who’s on the flagpole, the job usually gets done.’” http://bit.ly/1ebzPe3
NA
NA
ICYMI: Check out Sen. Alexander’s op-ed in today’s Huffington Post with Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell, Sens. Rand Paul, Mike Lee and Tim Scott: “School Choice: Part of the Solution to Our Broken Education System.”  The senators write: “We have a system in which politicians and bureaucrats have too much control, parents have too little, and students' needs get lost in the shuffle. Big Government, even at its best, is inherently inefficient, and too easily distracted from core missions by special interests…Choice breeds competition -- which is the best way to improve schools.” http://1.usa.gov/1609YCM
Senators Alexander and Paul met with Tennessee Education Commissioner Kevin Huffman at a Kipp Academy charter school in Nashville today. They spoke with teachers, parents, and students about federal legislation to make it easier for states and communities to create charter schools. Alexander said, “Charter schools liberate teachers to use their own good judgment to help children and give parents more choices of good schools.”  The senators have introduced federal legislation to “fix No Child Left Behind by restoring to states and communities control over whether teachers and schools are succeeding or failing.”
Thursday, Sen. Alexander met with Korean War veteran Edmond Prater, of Clarksville, Tenn., and his family. Prater was in Washington for the 60th anniversary of the Korean War Armistice, which is celebrated today.
[From left]: Yesterday, Sen. Alexander met with participants of American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation and American Legion Boys Nation, Olivia Nodine of Smyrna, Tenn., Niman Mann of Franklin, Tenn., Josey Janow of Chattanooga, Tenn. and Nikhil Basutkar of Brentwood, Tenn., during their visit to Washington. Alexander, who participated in Tennessee American Legion Boys State in high school, congratulated the group on their selection for the program, which focuses on government and citizenship education.
Throw-Back Thursday: Sen. Alexander catches up with Kameron Myers of Franklin, Tenn., at this week’s Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast. In July of 2011, Myers and Susanna Johnson of Murfreesboro, Tenn., performed at Tennessee Tuesday, and Sen. Alexander congratulated them on their selection for the National Symphony Orchestra National Trustees’ Summer Music Institute, saying: “I hope their love of music – one of Tennessee’s great treasures that unifies our state like almost nothing else – continues and that they keep looking for ways to bless other lives with their great talent.” #TBT http://1.usa.gov/1aLyfzL
ICYMI: Check out Melissa Attias’ article in “CQ Roll Call” about the letter Sen. Alexander and other Senate and House Republicans wrote pressing the White House to release data it has collected on health insurance premiums in 34 states, after the administration released a report last week highlighting premium information under Obamacare’s federal exchanges in just 11 states.  Attias writes, “In a letter to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, seven GOP committee leaders expressed concern that individuals, families and small businesses will not have sufficient time to plan for premium increases that the Republicans say can be expected in 2014 because of the overhaul. ‘These negotiations have been conducted behind closed doors, without assurances that a fair process has been observed or that the negotiations will result in better insurance products for consumers,’ the leaders wrote. With open enrollment in the exchanges scheduled to begin Oct. 1, the Republicans maintained that delaying the availability of premium information until September ‘will only serve to limit the amount of time individuals and families have to budget for the substantially higher insurance costs many will face.’ They also expressed concern about how higher premiums could affect small businesses and pushed for releasing the rates to give them time to prepare.” http://bit.ly/13ElEwd
Sens. Alexander and Corker meet with Claire Schneider of Memphis, Tenn., at this week’s Tennessee Tuesday, a constituent breakfast held every week the Senate is in session.
Today the Senate passed a bill sponsored by Sen. Lamar Alexander that would lower student loan interest rates for 200,000 Tennesseans going to college this fall. Alexander said, "This permanent, market-based plan makes students’ loans cheaper, simpler and more certain. It ends the annual game of Congress playing politics with student loan interest rates at the expense of students planning their futures."  Follow this link to read more about The Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act: http://1.usa.gov/1363UtV
Today Sen. Alexander, along with senior Republicans on the U.S. Senate and House health policy committees and subcommittees, pressed the White House to release data it has collected on health insurance premiums in 34 states, after the administration released a report last week highlighting premium information in just 11 states. The members wrote a letter, saying, in part: “We believe it is essential that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) provide transparent pricing as soon as possible for the millions of Americans who will be impacted by this law…Delaying the release of premium information until September will only serve to limit the amount of time individuals and families have to budget for the substantially higher insurance costs many will face…We are equally concerned about the potential impact of premium increases on small businesses. A recent poll of small businesses found that 41 percent have frozen hiring because of the health care law while 19 percent said they had reduced their number of employees because of the law.” http://1.usa.gov/1bXGx9d
Sen. Alexander today introduced a bipartisan student loan deal that will lower interest rates for 100% of borrowers who have taken out, or will take out, a new federal student loan after July 1, 2013. Alexander said, “This long-term, market-based solution means that interest rates on all undergraduate loans—which are two-thirds of all student loans—will be 3.86 percent this year. Rates on all other student loans will also be reduced. This saves billions of dollars for the 11 million students who will borrow money to go to college this year.” Follow this link for more details on Alexander’s Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act: http://1.usa.gov/12YmksH
ICYMI: Today’s Washington Times op-ed by Sen. Alexander: “The power grab behind the crocodile tears: Democrats try to change the rules when they can’t get their way.” Alexander writes: “This week's ‘nuclear option’ debate about whether U.S. senators should be permitted to filibuster presidential nominations was not about filibusters. It was instead about whether a majority of senators should be able to change the rules of the Senate anytime for any purpose. Former Sen. Arthur Vandenberg of Michigan once offered the precise trouble with this idea: ‘If a majority of the Senate can change its rules at any time, there are no rules.’ In other words, this was a power grab.” http://1.usa.gov/18ljOBk
On the agreement reached for the White House to send two new nominees to the National Labor Relations Board – instead of two a court has ruled unconstitutional – Alexander said: “This is the suggestion I offered in the HELP committee in May, that the president send us two new members to replace those that he had unconstitutionally appointed when he used his recess authority while the Senate was not in recess. This agreement allows the Senate to make clear that this president, or any president, cannot thumb his nose at the Senate’s constitutional role in our system of checks and balances.” Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with the statement Alexander made during that May HELP Committee hearing: “By recess-appointing NLRB members at a time when the Senate was actually in session, the president has shown a troubling disrespect for the Constitution.” http://1.usa.gov/12HKwhV
NA
NA
Sen. Alexander said, “I grew up hiking the mountains of East Tennessee, and conserving these areas gives future generations of Tennesseans the same sort of opportunity.” In all, The Tennessee Wilderness Act of 2013 adds nearly 20,000 acres in six areas of the Cherokee National Forest— while having no effect on privately owned land. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you enjoy Tennessee’s great outdoors and want to see the state’s heritage preserved.
Sen. Alexander today introduced the Tennessee Wilderness Act of 2013, which would preserve nearly 20,000 acres in the Cherokee National Forest. Alexander said: “This legislation takes important steps toward protecting our natural heritage, and gives the millions of people who visit Tennessee each year an additional reason to come and enjoy our outdoors.” http://1.usa.gov/18h63DM
Today Sen. Alexander congratulated Volkswagen on the fifth anniversary of its announcement of plans to come to Chattanooga, saying: “The Chattanooga-Volkswagen relationship has proven to be the ideal marriage, bringing together a central location, a strong Chattanooga workforce – and all of this in a state driven by pro-growth policies that welcome rather than discourage business.” Photo: Then-six-year old Max Page—of 2011 Volkswagen Super Bowl commercial fame—talks with Sens. Corker and Alexander during the May 24, 2011 grand opening of the Chattanooga Volkswagen factory (VW Media Services).
In a Senate Appropriations Committee meeting yesterday, Sen. Alexander voted to end Obamacare’s individual and employee mandates. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander that Obamacare is a “historic mistake.” http://1.usa.gov/13UlTVy
Sen. Alexander said of his alternative proposal: “This agreement…will save billions of dollars in interest for all 11 million students taking out loans this year by dropping rates on all student loans.” Follow this link for more information on Alexander’s “Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act,” and “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you want a long-term fix for ALL student loans instead of a “short-term political fix”: http://1.usa.gov/12ovodd
Sen. Alexander today sent a letter with all of his Senate Republican colleagues to the president calling on him to permanently delay Obamacare. In the letter, the senators said, “Given the widely-held belief by the American people that the Affordable Care Act will not fulfill its promises and will result in higher costs for American families, we implore you to listen to the American people. This law is unworkable and harmful to the economy and to American families, and your actions to delay the employer mandate are an acknowledgement of this fact.”  Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you agree with Sen. Alexander: “Obamacare is unraveling, and it should be dismantled.” http://1.usa.gov/1djC6U6
This afternoon, Sen. Alexander met with Tennessee Farm Bureau President Lacy Upchurch to discuss agriculture issues important to Tennessee. "LIKE" or "SHARE" this post if the concerns of farmers in Tennessee matter to you.
NA
Sen. Alexander, senior Republican on the education committee, today called on Senate Democrats to support a proposal to lower student loan rates for all student borrowers, rather than the Democratic proposal scheduled for a vote tomorrow that will lower rates only on subsidized Stafford loans for a year. Of the Democrat’s proposal, Alexander said: “All it does is provide an opportunity to make a well-rehearsed political speech about student loans. We all want to encourage students to go to college. We're looking for a way to give them some predictability and some certainty so that a student doesn't have to worry when they graduate from high school in Tennessee, where I went, that Congress isn't going to get its job done and all they're going to do is stand up and make political speeches that have nothing to do with the issue.” Of the student loans solution he cosponsored, the “Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act,” Alexander said: “What our proposal would do is provide a long-term solution: if you are an undergraduate student at the University of Tennessee, instead of your rate being 6.8 percent, it would be 3.66 percent. The Democratic proposal, I repeat, does nothing for [more than 7] million middle-income students who are going to be paying 6.8 percent when they should be paying, if they're undergraduates, 3.66 percent under our proposal. That's half as much.” http://1.usa.gov/12WaZg4
At this morning’s Tennessee Tuesday, Sen. Alexander met with students from East Tennessee participating in the University of Tennessee-Knoxville Upward Bound program, which is dedicated to helping low-income students and  potential first-generation college students attend and succeed in college.
In case you missed it:  http://www.nooga.com/162345/sen-lamar-alexander-slams-health-care-delay/
NA
Sen. Alexander: Obamacare Unraveling   The senior Republican on the U.S. Senate health committee today released the following statement on the administration’s announcement that it would delay until 2015 the new health care law’s mandate that employers provide workers with health insurance:   U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) said: “This is Obamacare unraveling. This is the ‘train wreck’ that the Senator who wrote the health care law predicted was coming. Pushing the implementation of the employer mandate until after the 2014 election confirms the law was an historic mistake. It should be repealed and replaced with effective legislation that will reduce costs by involving patients in health care decision making. This delay will make a giant mess of the individual mandate because presumably individuals are still required to purchase insurance. ”http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=9da1b5b6-015b-46db-a8dc-1694defcb798&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
Sen. Alexander praised the announcement of 900 new jobs at Nissan, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary in Tennessee: “When Nissan came to Tennessee we had high hopes, and 30 years later it has meant more than 7,000 good-paying jobs and the growth of an auto sector that now accounts for one-third of the manufacturing jobs in the state.” [Photo Credit: Pavel L Photo and Video] http://1.usa.gov/10pXFzA
Sen. Alexander today released the following statement on the Senate’s passage of immigration reform, which included an amendment by Sen. Corker to strengthen border security before any newly registered immigrant can apply for legal permanent residency: “It is the constitutional responsibility of Congress and the president to fix our broken immigration system. Senator Corker’s amendment dramatically strengthens border security. The bill ends de facto amnesty and creates a system of legal immigration. Now it goes to the House of Representatives to improve the legislation and finish the job.” http://1.usa.gov/1239RCS
In the latest “Debate Club” feature on US News & World Report online, Sen. Alexander—among others—weighed in on the question: “Should student loan rates be allowed to double at the end of the month?” Follow this link to VOTE for Sen. Alexander’s response and “SHARE” or “LIKE” if you agree with his answer: “No: Congress must find a long-term solution, not a short-term fix” http://bit.ly/12SudER
NA
ICYMI: Op-ed by Sen. Alexander and Rep. Phil Roe on legislation they introduced to address Pres. Obama’s unconstitutional National Labor Relations Board nominations: “By making unconstitutional appointments to the NLRB, President Obama has invited legal challenges to each of the invalid board's decisions…The president should withdraw these two nominations and submit new names for the Senate to consider. Until then, our legislation should be passed into law to provide certainty to the businesses and workers who rely on a functioning NLRB and to protect against the unrestrained tyranny of the executive branch of government." READ MORE: http://1.usa.gov/1c0O9F6
NA
This morning, Sen. Alexander met with Allyssa de Jong, a patient at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital in Memphis, and her mother, Angela de Jong-Angelici, to hear about their experience at the hospital and Allyssa’s ongoing treatment for melanoma.
Sen. Alexander today said that the Army Corps of Engineers’ decision to remove buoys restricting access to fishing areas below dams on the Cumberland River—in compliance with legislation he sponsored that became law on June 3 –is “the right way to end the fishing controversy.” 
 Alexander said, “This preserves the freedom to fish for generations of Americans who enjoy fishing below the dams on the Cumberland River, and does so in a way that gives the appropriate state wildlife agencies authority for boating safety.” http://1.usa.gov/12Wf4n2
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander on Saturday delivered the Weekly Republican Address with a focus on education, specifically a long-term fix on student loans and a Republican plan for K-12 education that “puts Washington out of the business of deciding whether local schools are succeeding or failing.”  In his remarks, Alexander said Senate Republicans “will work hard with the President and the House” on a long-term student loans solution. He also described “a major disagreement” with Democrats on K-12 education, saying, “To put it simply, Democrats want a national school board; Republicans favor local control.” http://1.usa.gov/18RoHWj
Sen. Alexander today defended states’ rights on "common core" education standards when he voted against requiring states to obtain approval from the U.S. secretary of education on their education standards and tests: “If I go back to Tennessee and someone says to me, ‘Did you vote to deny the right of Tennessee to change its common core standards without the approval of the secretary of education in Washington?,’ I’m going to say, No: I voted to give Tennessee the freedom to write its own standards and tests without having to ask Washington for permission.”   Read more here:   http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8ffd6f94-44b5-4737-8e2e-96711e94ac7e
Check out Motoko Rich’s story on education reform in today’s "New York Times," where she writes: “The Alexander bill is described in its introduction as restoring ‘freedom to parents, teachers, principals, governors and local communities so that they can improve their local public schools.’”  Rich continues: “'What they are really saying is they don’t trust parents and they don’t trust classroom teachers and states to care about and help educate their children, and they want someone in Washington do it for them,' Mr. Alexander said of Democrats in a telephone interview. 'I just completely reject that.'”
Check out today’s New York Times op-ed, written by Sens. Alexander, Coburn and Burr: “Playing Politics with Student Loans.” The senators wrote, “We have introduced a proposal that would get rid of the confusing and arbitrary way interest rates are determined on federal student loans, and instead allow rates to be set by the market...On July 1, [student loan interest] rates will return to 6.8 percent — which is why it is important for the Senate to make the right fix, right now.”  There are more than 9 million undergraduates that will take out federal loans this summer to pay for college next year. Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” with students who deserve a plan that Alexander calls “simpler and smarter for the student” and visit Alexander’s Web site to read the op-ed with specifics of the proposal: http://1.usa.gov/15KlyTB
At a Senate press conference today on student loan reform, Sen. Alexander, Ranking Member of the Senate HELP Committee, said, “Republicans have a plan to make those student loans simpler and smarter for the student, so we can encourage them to go on to college. It’s very simple—the same rate for all of the loans. All new loans for next year would be at a rate of less than 5 percent. Students could count on that. And if they consolidate their loans there would be a cap on that at the end.” Please visit alexander.senate.gov to read more about Sen. Alexander’s support for “a permanent solution that will reduce interest rates for 100 percent of new student loans.” : http://1.usa.gov/12rxtrE
On Fox News's "Fox & Friends" this morning, Sen. Alexander, Ranking Member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, told host Steve Doocy,“Our founders didn't want a king, so they created Congress and they created limits on the executive, and this president--whether making recess appointments when we're not in recess, trying to avoid advice and consent in that way; or trying to avoid the appropriations process by appointing czars; or creating, in effect, a national school board by using the waiver authority--they've been pushing, really thumbing their nose at Congress." On reports of HHS Secretary Sebelius fundraising for a private entity to implement the health care law, Alexander said: "We have a Constitution that says only the Congress can spend money and we have federal laws that say if Congress says no, you can't make an end run."
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander appeared on CNBC’s Kudlow Report to discuss the investigation of Health and Human Services Secretary Sebelius fundraising for Obamacare. Alexander said, "If Congress says you can’t do it, the Obama administration can’t go out and raise private money and set up a private entity to do it anyway.” http://youtu.be/8IcwVgl72lU
Today, Sen. Alexander announced that the two-year ban stopping the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from restricting fishing below dams on the Cumberland River, passed first by the Senate and then by the House, has officially become law. Alexander said, “Now the Corps is required, by law, to stop wasting taxpayer dollars and ignoring elected officials who are standing up for fishermen.” Follow this link to read more: http://1.usa.gov/11A9xuI 
 Please LIKE or SHARE the “good news for Tennessee fishermen” if you plan on fishing in Tennessee this Summer.
Earlier today, Sen. Alexander spoke with “Varney and Co.’s” Charles Payne on FOX Business about his call, with Senators Hatch and Coburn, for the Health and Human Services Department Inspector General to investigate whether Secretary Sebelius is "raising money outside of the government to do what Congress has refused to do--that's illegal, the Constitution doesn't permit it." Alexander said, "Many administrations have chafed at the limits that a Congress, with the exclusive power to appropriate money, puts on an executive. But the Obama administration has been more flagrant than most…and now, Secretary Sebelius appears to be saying, ‘If Congress refuses to do it, we will to do it anyway.’”
Sen. Alexander released the following statement in commemoration of Memorial Day:  “As we celebrate Memorial Day, it’s important to remember that we are honoring the memories of those who sacrificed their lives to defend our freedoms and protect our safety. It is also a time to be mindful of the thousands of Tennesseans who continue to serve our country on active duty and in the reserves and National Guard, including those who are deployed overseas in Afghanistan and other dangerous parts of the world. We owe all the men and women who have worn the uniform of our Armed Services a debt of gratitude that we couldn’t possibly repay."
At 10 a.m. TODAY, the Senate HELP committee will mark up the legislation introduced by Sens. Harkin, Alexander, Roberts, and Franken to make clear the compounding oversight responsibilities of state and federal authorities. Ranking Member Alexander said: “My primary goal with this legislation is to erase the confusion over who regulates pharmacies and manufacturing facilities, and make it clear exactly who oversees each business. Putting one agency on the flagpole for each of these businesses will mean greater safety for American families, so they don’t have to question whether the drugs they take are safe.”
 LIVESTREAM of the hearing will be available here: http://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=96c56d5d-5056-a032-52c5-e7208991a71a
Sen. Alexander today announced that the U.S. House of Representatives passed his Senate legislation which includes an immediate two-year ban to stop the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from restricting fishing below dams on the Cumberland River. The president has 10 days from the day he receives the legislation to act upon it, before it becomes law. Read more: http://1.usa.gov/18fUoER
Alexander and 44 of his Senate Republican colleagues today sent a letter to President Obama demanding answers and saying, “The First Amendment protects the rights of the American people to organize and speak up and speak out, and the IRS has violated those rights by creating what sounds like an enemies list to keep people quiet.” To read the letter and more on Alexander’s response to the IRS’s admitted targeting of conservative groups and others, click here: http://1.usa.gov/16hfxRC
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander appeared on FOX News’ “On the Record” with Greta Van Susteren last night to discuss HHS Secretary Sebelius’s “end run on Congress” to fundraise and coordinate with private entities to implement the president’s health care law.  Alexander said, “It sounds like the way Iran-Contra started. Benghazi sounds like the way Watergate started. The excessive looking for leaks among up to 100 A.P. employees sounds like the way the ‘White House plumbers’ started. The IRS sounds like the ‘enemies list’ back in the Nixon administration. All of these are very unpleasant echoes, and an administration ought to not want that to happen. ”
On FOX News’ “On the Record” with Greta Van Susteren, Senator Alexander discussed HHS Secretary Sebelius’s fundraising to implement the president’s healthcare law as part of a “pattern we’ve been seeing” in the Obama administration and an “unpleasant echo” of the past. Alexander said, “This sounds like the way Iran-Contra started. Benghazi sounds like the way Watergate started. The excessive looking for leaks among up to 100 A.P. employees sounds like the way the ‘White House plumbers’ started. The IRS sounds like the ‘enemies list’ back in the Nixon administration. All of these are very unpleasant echoes, and an administration ought to not want that to happen.”
NA
Yesterday Sen. Alexander sent a letter to HHS Secretary Sebelius, asking for more information on her fundraising and coordinating with private entities to implement the president’s health care law. Follow this link for the full text of the letter: http://1.usa.gov/YTNgxj
ICYMI: On the Senate floor yesterday, Sen. Alexander called on the Government Accountability Office to investigate HHS Secretary Sebelius’s fundraising and coordinating with private entities to implement the president’s health care law, saying “the analogy with Iran-Contra is strong.” Follow this link to read more, including the letter Alexander sent yesterday to Sebelius asking for more information on her actions: http://1.usa.gov/12xU552
Alexander said today that U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius’s fundraising and coordinating with private entities to implement Obamacare “may be illegal.”  Alexander, the ranking Republican on the U.S. Senate committee overseeing health policy, compared Sebelius’s activities to the Iran-Contra incident when Reagan administration official Oliver North raised funds and directed their spending through private entities in support of Nicaraguan rebels even though Congress had refused to appropriate funds.  “If the secretary or others in her department are fundraising and coordinating the activities of Enroll America and soliciting donations to supplement appropriated funds, then those actions may be in violation of the Anti-Deficiency Act,” the senator said.  Read more at the senator's website: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=85edd9fa-2cb0-4f2c-937e-bf02c68075a3
Sen. Alexander made the following statement on the IRS’s admission today that it had a Tea Party “Enemies List” it targeted for additional reviews during the 2012 election:  “This is the United States of America, where the First Amendment protects our right to organize and speak up and speak out, and it’s shocking to learn that the IRS arbitrarily targeted any peaceful political organization for ideological reasons. I asked the IRS last year to explain its actions, and today we find out it was, in fact, targeting Tea Party groups. Congress needs to investigate this further and make sure those responsible for it are held accountable and that something like this never happens again.”   Follow this link to read more and see the letter Alexander sent to the IRS in March 2012 on this issue: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=4b353a81-025b-4e54-bf03-1a734a50f217&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658
LIVE NOW:  The Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee (HELP), where Sen. Alexander is the senior Republican, is holding a hearing on draft legislation that Alexander said “offers the best way to help ensure that last year’s meningitis outbreak never happens again—by making clear who is responsible for overseeing our nation’s compounding pharmacies and manufacturers.” Follow this link to stream LIVE: http://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=f9b68c5e-5056-a032-52b6-4e632afd726a
Sen. Alexander tells Army Corps of Engineers official, “We don't need Big Brother in Washington holding our hands while we’re fishing down in Tennessee or Kentucky or any other place. If you’re not going to pay attention to the elected representatives of the people of Tennessee and Kentucky...I’m not going to pay attention to your judgment.” WATCH HERE:
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=uZfRJH5KwNk
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Check out Saturday’s editorial in the Wall Street Journal: “A Jobs Fillip: Some hopeful hiring signs, except for ObamaCare's incentives to employ part-timers.” The editorial board writes: “Employers will soon have to offer health-insurance or pay a penalty for full-time workers, which the health law defines as anyone who works at least 30 hours a week. Many small businesses appear to be limiting their employees to fewer than 30 hours, perhaps with job-sharing or even by splitting employees with other employers. This is a hardship for workers who want to earn more and a needless complication for businesses that need the labor.” Read more: http://tinyurl.com/bs2wqp3
 
 Sen. Alexander made a similar argument at an April 24 hearing in the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education to HHS Secretary Sebelius. Please follow this link to read more from that hearing, where Alexander said Obamacare's definition of a full-time workweek as 30 hours or more was “providing a disincentive for full-time employment.”  http://tinyurl.com/c53qz5q
Today at Calderwood Dam near Maryville, Sen. Alexander praised an agreement to preserve nearly 4,000 acres of land connecting the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and Cherokee National Forest.  Alexander, who considers the Smokies an important source of Tennessee tourism jobs in addition to recreation, said: “Today’s announcement means tens of thousands of Tennesseans and visitors will be able to continue to enjoy more hiking, hunting, fishing and boating.”  Please “LIKE” or “SHARE” if you have visited these Tennessee mountains—or if you call them “home.” http://tinyurl.com/c4gysjf
Today at Onyx Medical Corp in Memphis, Sen. Alexander talked about his work to repeal Obamacare’s medical device tax. A cosponsor of legislation to repeal the tax, Alexander said:
 “This burdensome tax on medical devices is already costing Tennesseans jobs and hurting a crucial Memphis industry by increasing costs, stifling investment and ultimately driving up prices for patients in need of medical help. Memphis has become an important center for medical devices, and the industry ranks as Tennessee’s top export. Repealing the Obamacare tax on medical devices – devices that save lives – is one of the most important things we can do to create good jobs for Tennesseans." READ MORE: http://tinyurl.com/cwx9of3
Sen. Alexander today released the following statement on Alcoa’s expansion plans: “Alcoa’s announcement fits right into Tennessee’s growing status as the premier location for auto suppliers. Auto jobs now represent 30 percent of Tennessee’s manufacturing jobs, and announcements like this mean that number will continue to grow.”
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced today that it will proceed with its proposed fishing restrictions—through the use of buoys and signage—below dams on the Cumberland River. In response, Sen. Alexander said: “This is a waste of taxpayer dollars and an unreasonable interference with the right to fish below the dams the public owns. We will therefore move ahead in the U.S. Senate next week with legislation to ensure the freedom of Americans to fish in these waters at times that the state wildlife agencies believe is consistent with reasonable efforts to ensure public safety.” Read more:  http://tinyurl.com/cc6mek9
At yesterday's hearing in the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education with HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, Sen. Alexander said that Obamacare's definition of a full-time workweek at 30 hours or more was “providing a disincentive for full-time employment.”  Alexander asked Secretary Sebelius, “Where did the definition that a full-time worker is someone who works 30 hours or more a week come from? I can’t find it in the Fair Labor Standards Act—it sounds more like France than the United States. ...In the United States, normally we think of a full-time workweek as a 40-hour workweek."
BREAKING: ALEXANDER, SENATE G.O.P. WIN THE SECOND AMENDMENT DEBATE. Anti-Second Amendment Proposals All Fail.
TUNE IN: Watch this morning’s Senate HELP Committee hearing, beginning at 10 AM EST : The Challenge of College Affordability—The Student Lens. Before this morning’s hearing, Sen. Alexander met with Derrica Donelson, a student at Lipscomb University in Nashville, whom he invited to testify on the student perspective of college affordability today. Follow this link to watch LIVE: http://www.help.senate.gov//hearings/hearing/?id=58f4674b-5056-a032-5244-d855725503e9
[from left]: Sens. Alexander, Paul (R-Ky.) and McConnell (R-Ky.) talk with Dan Cayce, a fishing guide on the lakes and the First District Director for the League of Kentucky Sportsmen, at the ‘Freedom to Fish’ rally at Barkley Dam in Kentucky, held this past Saturday, April 13. The senators and Kentucky Congressman Ed Whitfield talked about their “Freedom to Fish Act,” which would prevent the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from prohibiting public access to fishing waters downstream of a dam.
Here are the facts about yesterday’s Senate vote to start debate on gun legislation.
  
 MYTH: Yesterday’s vote means gun-control legislation now could pass the Senate with a filibuster-proof 51 votes.
  
 FACT: Yesterday’s vote was only a procedural vote on whether to debate gun rights and Sen. Alexander has said he’s “always ready to defend and debate the Second Amendment constitutional rights of Tennesseans” on the Senate floor against those who seek to infringe on them. A second procedural vote, which will require 60 votes, will be required before final passage of any legislation – Sen. Alexander has said he “will oppose any legislation that infringes on our Second Amendment rights.”  
  
 MYTH: The NRA will consider yesterday’s Senate vote to begin debate on the bill when it grades senators’ records on Second Amendment rights.
  
 FACT: The NRA is not scoring yesterday’s vote by senators to start debate on the legislation. The NRA indicated that it might consider the final 60-vote cloture vote, but only if the debate and amendment process produces a bill the organization opposes: http://www.nraila.org/news-issues/news-from-nra-ila/2013/4/letter-from-nra-institute-for-legislative-action-executive-director-chris-cox-to-the-united-states-senate-on-background-checks.aspx
  
 Sen. Alexander has an “A” rating by the NRA. He said yesterday, “I’m always ready to defend and debate the Second Amendment constitutional rights of Tennesseans. In fact, I look forward to sponsoring and voting for amendments that strengthen those rights. To be unwilling to defend and debate Second Amendment rights on the Senate floor would be like joining the Grand Ole Opry and being unwilling to sing.”
  
 Alexander also announced that he will vote against the Toomey-Manchin bill, the first vote of the Senate gun debate, saying, “I’ll examine each amendment to determine whether it strengthens or infringes upon our Second Amendment rights. The Toomey-Manchin proposal to expand background checks in my opinion doesn’t meet that test and I will vote against it.”
  
 Finally, you might find this article by a Tennessee blogger on the Senate gun-control debate interesting: http://bluecollarmuse.com/2013/04/12/16-gop-senators-being-denounced-for-their-vote-did-what-exactly/
Sen. Alexander today made the following statement on his decision to oppose an amendment to expand background checks by Senators Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.). Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) has said the Toomey-Manchin amendment will be the first to come up when the Senate begins deliberation of gun legislation next week.   “I’ll examine each amendment to determine whether it strengthens or infringes upon our Second Amendment rights,” Alexander said. “The Toomey-Manchin proposal to expand background checks in my opinion doesn’t meet that test and I will vote against it.”   In its most recent ranking of the senator, the National Rifle Association gave Alexander an “A rating.”
Alexander made the following statement today on former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who passed away: “Margaret Thatcher was conservative, principled and charismatic. She also knew how to turn her principles into results that strengthened Great Britain. She was the British version of Ronald Reagan, or perhaps he was the American version of her.”
Please stay in touch, for the latest news from Sen. Alexander’s office.
ICYMI: Check out Sue Legg’s story in today’s "Johnson City Press" about volunteers in Washington Co., Tenn., helping to rebuild neighboring homes destroyed by the August flooding of Dry Creek.  Alexander praised the volunteers, telling the newspaper, “It’s a terrific story of Tennessee volunteers and Tennesseans helping themselves with not much government help,” Alexander said. “I’ve never seen a better example of people helping people than what’s happening right here in Washington County.” [Photo courtesy of "Johnson City Press"] http://tinyurl.com/c3aemyp
Sen. Alexander talks with Nashville Hall of Fame member, Roger Cook, and Nashville Songwriters Association Executive Director Bart Herbison in the U.S. Capitol. Cook is the composer of hit songs performed by country music legend, George Strait, and numerous other songs, including, “I’d Like to Teach the World to Sing.”
After taking questions from students from Franklin Road Academy in Nashville, Tenn., about the Senate and Washington, D.C., at this morning’s constituent breakfast, Senators Alexander and Corker listened as the students talked about what they were most excited about in their visit to Washington. If you know any Tennessee students that would like to join Senators Alexander and Corker for “Tennessee Tuesday,” held every Tuesday that the Senate is in session, please visit our Web site for more information. http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=TennesseeTuesdays
As Sen. Alexander greeted a group of more than 200 Tennesseans, including many students,  at this morning’s weekly constituent breakfast in Washington, D.C., he spoke about approaching budgetary decisions in the Senate. Alexander said, “One of the biggest reasons we have to get our fiscal house in order is here with us now. We don’t want younger Tennesseans to become the ‘debt-paying generation,’ so that’s why we’re trying to make these tough decisions. It will be difficult to do, but hopefully it will create a lot more opportunity for the future.”
Sen. Alexander wore a luckier version of his famous plaid shirt for a decidedly shorter walk on Saturday—marching in the 51st Annual Irish Day Celebration parade in downtown Erin, Tenn.
ICYMI: Sen. Alexander wore a luckier version of his famous plaid shirt for a decidedly shorter walk on Saturday—marching in the 51st Annual Irish Day Celebration parade in downtown Erin, Tenn.
Sen. Alexander yesterday spoke to members of the Nashville Health Care Council here at the U.S. Capitol Visitor’s Center about the “heavy mandates, heavy regulations [and] more taxes” contained in Obamacare, saying, “I voted yesterday to defund it, and I've voted several times to repeal it, [and] I’ll do it again.”
After this morning’s “Tennessee Tuesday,” a weekly constituent breakfast in Washington, D.C., Senator Alexander met with scholarship recipients from East Tennessee State University in  Johnson City, Tenn. The students were in Washington during their spring break to meet their representatives and learn about leadership in government. The students were among approximately 200 Tennesseans who joined the breakfast in Washington. If you’d like to learn more about “Tennessee Tuesday” or make a reservation for your visit, please visit our Web site. http://tinyurl.com/a65ke6a
Sen. Alexander listens as John Green of Memphis, Tenn., asks questions during a meeting with Christian Brothers High School in Memphis, Tenn., last week in Washington, D.C.
Last week, Sen. Alexander met with students from Christian Brothers High School in Memphis, Tenn., during their trip to Washington, D.C., to learn about the federal government through tours of historic sites and meetings with their representatives.
Sen. Alexander, former president of the University of Tennessee, shares a lighter moment with UT Chancellor Jimmy Cheek yesterday after discussing higher education policy in the U.S. Capitol.
Sen. Alexander on Fox News with Shannon Bream says, “The problem is the president has profited politically, so far, for blaming other people for problems he has caused. But I predict that won’t last forever. Colossal failures of presidential leadership will be a blot on his legacy.”
TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on "America's News HQ" with Shannon Bream on FOX News Network tomorrow, Sunday, March 3, at 11 CT/12 ET to discuss the sequester.
Sen. Alexander met today with Citizens for Fort Campbell, civilian advocates for our military men and women, to discuss the potential impact of sequestration on members of the military and their families.
Sen. Alexander today called on President Obama to lead, instead of “cynically campaigning around the country,” by producing a plan to replace the sequester.  Alexander continued: "This is a very simple problem to solve, and if it’s not solved it’s a complete failure of presidential leadership. If the president spent one-tenth of the time developing a plan that he has spent cynically campaigning around the country, engaging in scare tactics, the problem would be solved. If he’d send us a plan, we could consider it and solve this problem in a sensible way by the end of March.”  Alexander and fellow Tennessee Republican Senator Bob Corker have introduced legislation that would reduce the growth in entitlement spending by nearly $1 trillion. Alexander said, “Since the president hasn’t come up with a plan of his own, he’s welcome to borrow our plan to address the real problem when it comes to spending, which is out-of-control entitlement spending.”  The president has invited congressional leaders to the White House to discuss the sequester this Friday – the same day that $85 billion in automatic spending cuts, known as the sequester and authorized under the Budget Control Act of 2011, are set to take effect.  “The president proposed the sequester, Congress enacted it and he has had 18 months to suggest a different way to do it,” Alexander said. “Instead of campaigning and waiting to schedule his first meeting with congressional leaders about the sequester until the day it goes into effect, the president should have been working with Congress. There’s no excuse for the delay and the theatrics and the lack of presidential leadership.”
Sen. Alexander introduced legislation (cosponsored by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, Sen. Bob Corker, and Sen. Rand Paul) today on the Senate floor that would stop the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plan to restrict fishing below dams along the Cumberland River. Watch his speech here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNOJFHeicpo&feature=youtu.be
Sen. Alexander tonight voted against the confirmation of Jack Lew as Secretary of the U.S. Treasury and made the following statement about it:  “I’m voting against Mr. Lew solely because of his indifference and that of the Obama administration to our nation’s biggest challenge: out-of-control automatic spending increases that continue to create a massive federal debt.”
Today at “Tennessee Tuesday,” a weekly breakfast Senators Alexander and Corker host for Tennesseans visiting Washington, D.C., Sen. Alexander said, “I’m introducing a bill to delay the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to stop fishing below the dams on the Cumberland River. The Corps is saying for the first time that you can’t fish right below the dams in what’s called the ‘tailwaters,’ and if any of you are anglers, you know that’s where you catch the big fish."[Photo courtesy of Senate Photographic Services]
The Jackson Sun opposes Army Corps plan to restrict fishing below dams, supports Sen. Alexander's efforts: http://www.jacksonsun.com/article/DQ/20130224/OPINION/302240004/Our-View-No-need-Corps-ban-tailwater-fishing
Share this post if you agree with Sen. Alexander that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' proposal to restrict fishing below Cumberland River dams is “unreasonable and unnecessary" and will destroy remarkably good fishing and recreational opportunities, not to mention many jobs.   Watch Thursday's press conference at Old Hickory Dam (with Ed Carter, executive director of the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency, and Mike Butler, CEO of Tennessee Wildlife Federation) by clicking here: http://bit.ly/YjI4Qe
At a press conference today at Old Hickory Dam, Sen. Alexander  told anglers and other community members that he will introduce legislation next week to delay the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ “unreasonable plan to restrict fishing below Cumberland River dams that will destroy remarkably good recreational opportunities and many jobs.”
  
 Alexander said, “Water spills through the Cumberland River dams less than 20 percent of the time on average. To close off the tailwaters to fishing 100 percent of the time would be like keeping the gate down at the railroad crossing 100 percent of the time: The track isn't dangerous when the train isn’t coming, and the tailwaters aren’t dangerous when the water isn’t spilling through the dam.” http://tinyurl.com/bafhck6
NASHVILLE: Sen. Alexander will be on the Cumberland River at Old Hickory Dam TODAY at 11 a.m. CST—rain or shine—with Ed Carter of the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency and Mike Butler of the Tennessee Wildlife Federation, and other members of the community concerned about the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to limit fishing in tailwaters below dams along the Cumberland River.
At tonight's Blount County Boys & Girls Club dinner at Maryville College, Sen. Alexander recalls Alex Haley's words to live by: "Find the good and praise it."
At tonight's inaugural Blount County Hall of Fame Dinner for the Boys and Girls Club, Sen. Alexander thanks Alaedin Gibril, a member of Blount Co Boys & Girls Club, for his warm introduction
Alexander will be on "Outdoors with Doug Markham" live tomorrow morning at 6:30 a.m. Central on Nashville's SuperTalk 99.7 to discuss the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to limit fishing in tailwaters below dams on the Cumberland River -- and why Alexander opposes the Corps plan, and what he's doing to try to stop it and keep tailwater fishing alive along the Cumberland. In Nashville, tune in to FM 99.7, or listen online here: http://bit.ly/Ww6vZh
Sen. Alexander released the following statement on his opposition to President Obama’s nomination of former Sen. Chuck Hagel as Defense Secretary and the senator’s decision today to vote against cutting off debate on Hagel’s nomination:  “Chuck Hagel is a patriot, but by virtue of his views and his experience, he is not the right person to lead the world’s largest military organization in these dangerous times,” Alexander said of his intention to vote against Hagel’s confirmation. On today’s vote to end debate, Alexander said, “The majority leader’s motion to cut off debate only two days after an important nomination is reported to the Senate floor is premature, as several senators have asked the nominee questions that deserve more consideration.”
In a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing today, Sen. Alexander pressed the Obama administration’s Office of Management and Budget (OMB) controller Danny Werfel on out-of-control spending, asking why there is “no plan from the president” to deal with the mandatory entitlement spending that Alexander argued is the primary driver of the nation’s spending crisis.   Alexander said, “Senator Corker and I have put on the table a trillion dollar plan to reduce entitlement spending over the next year—why hasn’t the president done that?” http://tinyurl.com/b855pjz
Sen. Alexander today reintroduced the Balanced Budget Amendment to U.S. Constitution, saying “For eight years as governor I balanced Tennessee’s budget, and other states balance their budgets – I don’t see why Washington can’t do the same.”  Share this post if you want Washington to get serious about the debt and pass the Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. http://tinyurl.com/bthe2sm
“What I hope to hear the president say is that he’s going to lead on the biggest challenge facing our country: fixing the debt. The Medicare trustees have told us that in a dozen years, the Medicare program won’t have enough money to pay seniors’ medical bills. This absolutely requires presidential leadership to fix the problem. Senator Corker and I have introduced legislation that will reduce out-of-control entitlement spending by a trillion dollars over ten years to make the fund solvent enough so Medicare can pay medical bills. The president now needs to introduce his own plan, and then we can work together to fix the problem and fix the debt.”
Sen. Alexander today, in a meeting with Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in the Capitol hosted by Congressman Ed Whitfield (R-Ky.), said that he will explore writing legislation to change the law in order to stop the Corps’ current plan to restrict access to dam tailwaters along the Cumberland River. Alexander urged Maj. Gen. Walsh to consider alternatives that would keep people safe when dams are spilling while allowing full access to the tailwaters when the dams are not spilling.                                                                                      Alexander said, “The tailwaters are only dangerous when the water is spilling through the dam, and when it’s not, tailwaters provide some of the best fishing areas in the U.S., attracting thousands of fishermen and creating hundreds of jobs in Tennessee and Kentucky. For example, water spills through the Center Hill dam about 14 percent of the time. The most logical solution would be to make the area safe when the danger exists: To close the tailwaters to fishing 100 percent of the time would be like keeping the gate down at the railroad crossing 100 percent of the time – the track is not dangerous when the train is not coming, and the tailwaters are not dangerous when the water is not spilling through the dam.”   Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=88474b63-6efa-4e87-9cba-49e65a763ace
Check out Sen. Alexander’s op ed in today’s "Tennessean" with Executive Director Ed Carter of the Tennessean Wildlife Resources Agency: “Army Corps plans threaten Cumberland River dam tailwaters”   “…When you consider these three important principles: state and local control; using our taxpayers’ money wisely; and supporting the Tennessee economy, it’s clear the Corps needs to keep fishing for alternatives to its proposed policy. In fact, it all reinforces a point that Tennesseans already understand every time they pick up a rod and reel: The tailwaters are a valuable resource, and we should fight to keep them that way.” http://tinyurl.com/be8ronx
Sen. Alexander announced that he's cosponsor of a bill offered by Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, that would suspend certain military sales to Egypt, including the F-16, until the administration certifies that Egypt has met specific commitments.  “I am cosponsoring Sen. Inhofe’s proposal to delay the sale or transfer of these F-16s and tanks to Egypt while we secure key commitments from Egypt because it is absolutely necessary during this dangerous time of transition,” Alexander said. “If we don’t handle the crisis in Egypt correctly, we risk both our own security interests and the security of our allies, especially Israel.”  Read more here: http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=7b0f901a-37e9-45c7-9914-d17354091d96
Alexander: “Get the Government Out of the Economy’s Way”  Today, Sen. Alexander announced he is an original cosponsor of a bill in the U.S. Senate that he said would help reduce the negative impact excessive regulation has on the economy. “For too long, the federal government has been throwing a big, wet blanket over the economy with unrealistic regulations that burden businesses,” Alexander said. “The best thing we can do to create more jobs for Tennesseans is to get the government out of the economy’s way.” http://tinyurl.com/aqrysye
Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) yesterday appeared on FOX News' "On the Record with Greta Van Susteren" to discuss the  Federal Circuit Court of Appeals panel's ruling Friday that President Obama violated the Constitution when he appointed three individuals to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012.  Alexander said, "The president exceeded his constitutional authority, and it's an important one because we don't want a tyrannical executive. I don't know what his thinking was, but he has a bad habit of forgetting there is a United States Senate. The constitution says there are 1,100 positions—like Secretary of State and member of the National Labor Relations Board—that require advice and consent of the Senate. And if you send someone up here that senators don't want to confirm, then they can't be confirmed."
TUNE IN: Sen. Alexander will be on MSNBC's "Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd" this morning at about 9:10 a.m. ET to discuss Obama's unconstitutional NLRB appointments and other headlines.
Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) today spoke on the floor of the U.S. Senate about a Federal Circuit Court of Appeals panel's ruling Friday that President Obama violated the constitution when he appointed three individuals to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012.  Alexander said, "These two [unconstitutionally appointed] members of the NLRB should resign immediately and pack their bags and go home with our thanks for their hard work—despite the fact that the 219 cases they voted on ought to all be vacated—and probably will be when someone brings a challenge to those cases. A new sign needs to go up at the National Labor Relations Board. Take down that sign that says 'Open for Business.' Put up a sign that says 'Help Wanted, Nominations Accepted.'"   Alexander continued, "Let me give you an example that might affect the state of Tennessee. We were very concerned last year when a complaint began to make its way through the National Labor Relations Board affecting the Boeing Company and its decision to put a plant in South Carolina. In other words, Boeing, from a state that does not have a right-to-work law, wanted to put a new plant in a state that does have a right-to-work law...Well, that eventually got settled after a lot of expense, but let's say we have a small supplier in the state of Illinois, which is not a right-to-work state, who might want to move to Tennessee or Virginia, which are, and someone files a complaint. Do we want a board there that's unconstitutionally placed?"
Sen. Alexander today called on the two members of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) appointed by President Obama in January during a pro-forma session of the United States Senate to resign immediately after a Federal Circuit Court of Appeals panel ruled those appointments unconstitutional.  Alexander said: “The court has found that the president violated the Constitution when he made these appointments. These individuals should resign from the board immediately, because no decision in which they participate can be valid. This judgment is proof that the administration defied the Constitution’s separation of powers and its concept of checks and balances, which are the guard against an imperial presidency.”  In September of last year, Alexander joined 41 Republican senators in filing an amicus brief in the Noel Canning case against the President’s pro-forma session appointments to the National Labor Relations Board.  Alexander gave a floor speech last February, saying: “The president has shown disregard for possibly the best-known and most important role of the Senate – its power of advice and consent of executive and judicial nominations as outlined in Article 2, Section 2, of the Constitution.” Here is the full speech:  http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6fb67fd6-a9c7-43ac-85c3-8955d5b0fc26&ContentType_id=778be7e0-0d5a-42b2-9352-09ed63cc4d66&Group_id=80d87631-7c25-4340-a97a-72cccdd8a658&YearDisplay=2012
Sen. Alexander pays  “a Tennessean’s tribute” on the floor of the U.S. Senate to the late Patti Page,  who made popular Tennessee’s state song, “The Tennessee Waltz.” Watch this video to hear the story of how Tennessee’s state song was written on the way from Memphis to Nashville—and went on to sell about 5 million copies after it was recorded by Patti Page.
Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) today participated in a press conference on Capitol Hill to reintroduce the “No Budget, No Pay Act,” a bipartisan bill to cut off pay to Congress if it doesn’t pass a budget. Alexander joined the bill’s primary sponsors, Senators Dean Heller (R-Nev.) and Joe Manchin (D-W. Va.), as well as Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.), John Cornyn (R-Texas), John Boozman (R-Ark.), and Mike Enzi (R-Wyo.).   Alexander said, “In Nashville on Sunday morning, I was getting ready to head up to the inauguration and a woman recognized me and said politely , ‘Why don’t you get them to do something right in Washington—no work, no pay.’   Alexander said, “That’s  the idea here…You can’t balance a budget if you don’t have a budget, and we haven’t had one in four years…In Tennessee, people know if you joined the Grand Ole Opry and you refused to sing, you wouldn’t get paid. If you join the United States Senate and you refuse to pass a budget—which is required by law—you shouldn’t get paid.”
Alexander released the following statement on media reports that the Obama administration will give states more time to comply with the new health-care law's requirement to set up state-run health-insurance exchanges:  “The problem with the health-care law’s requirement that states set up health-care exchanges isn’t that states need more time –- it’s that the draft rules lack flexibility for states, and the health-care law itself is a poorly written, over-regulating law that never should have been passed in the first place. If we can’t repeal the law, we need to work together in Washington to fix it so states have flexibility and families have better access to affordable, high-quality care.”
Tune In: Sen. Alexander will be on Hallerin Hill's Knoxville radio show tomorrow at 8:05 a.m. ET to discuss what's going on in Congress. Listen live here: http://newstalk987.com/showdj.asp?DJID=40735
Tune In: Sen. Alexander will be on CNBC's "Squawk Box" tomorrow at 7:30 a.m. ET to discuss what's going on in Congress. http://www.cnbc.com/id/15838368
Alexander released the following statement on his vote tonight in favor of the agreement to avert the "fiscal cliff":  "This agreement rescues 99 percent of Americans from individual and estate tax increases in 2013, and then makes these lower rates permanent, providing certainty and creating jobs. But the Medicare fiscal cliff is still ahead of us, which is why Senator Corker and I have a proposal to deal with the out-of-control spending that will soon bankrupt the programs seniors rely on to pay their medical bills. If we don't deal with this during the debt ceiling debate, we are on the road to becoming Greece."
