It was an honor to spend this Christmas with our brave men and women stationed in Afghanistan. I also had the opportunity to travel to Baghdad, where I met with several Iraqi leaders and U.S. military personnel to discuss the fight against ISIS.
Landed in Baghdad today for meetings with Iraqi leaders and US military on fight vs ISIS
Honored to spend this Christmas Eve with our troops in Afghanistan - please keep them in your thoughts and prayers this holiday season. Merry Christmas!
I enjoyed a day touring major military installations - Luke Air Force Base, Fort Huachuca, Davis-Monthan Air Force Base and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma - with members of the Arizona Congressional delegation around our great state. Great preparation provided to our men and women in uniform at these bases in the defense and protection of our nation!
Great start to a day of tours and briefs at military installations around Arizona with members of the Arizona Congressional delegation. Here we are at Luke Air Force Base - proud of the pilots training to defend and protect our nation at this critical base!
Even Napoleon Bonaparte opposed torture: "The barbarous custom of having men beaten who are suspected of having important secrets to reveal must be abolished... Torture produces nothing worthwhile. The poor wretches say anything that comes into their mind that the interrogator wishes to hear." - From the new biography by Andrew Roberts, "Napoleon: A Life"
Sign at a protest of #Hungary's parliament: "Mr. McCain you are RIGHT" - agreeing with my recent remarks about the anti-democratic rule of its Prime Minister (via @Yair_Rosenberg).
For a good laugh, watch The Daily Show's take on my Senate floor speech last week: http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/jon-stewart-mccain-torture-report
Had a good conversation about the most pressing issues facing our world with Dr. Bob Kagan at Foreign Policy Initiative's #FPIForum today.
Enjoyed visiting The Colbert Report last night to talk about my new book Thirteen Soldiers, deep frying turkeys and more - watch:
Giving thanks for all American service members deployed in harm's way today, and for their families and friends who miss them so dearly #HappyThanksgiving
Glad to join PBS NewsHour last night to discuss Thirteen Soldiers:
Stars and Stripes on Thirteen Soldiers: "These are great and powerful stories that deserve to be retold ... Indeed, as we head into a new war in Iraq, it is good to know where our fighting men and women have already been and what they saw there."
Enjoyed a great conversation Monday with Bob Schieffer on my new book, Thirteen Soldiers:
My latest book, Thirteen Soldiers, published this #VeteransDay. It tells the remarkable stories of one U.S. solider from each of the 13 major military wars America has fought - a tribute to all those who have served and sacrificed for our nation. Learn more:
Happy #VeteransDay! Thank you to all the men and women who have served and sacrificed to protect the freedom and ensure the security of their fellow Americans. My statement commemorating this great day: http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=c9fe764b-bf7c-42b4-9fdb-f9142ed0c8d3
Landmark win for the ASU Sun Devils today in the annual "Salute to Service" game! It was an honor to participate in the coin toss and join the entire ASU community to recognize veterans and active members of our military.
My new book, Thirteen Soldiers, is being released next week on Veteran's Day, November 11th! The book tells the personal stories of 13 remarkable American soldiers who served in each of the major military conflicts in U.S. history. Learn more: http://books.simonandschuster.com/Thirteen-Soldiers/John-McCain/9781476759654#sthash.A5k0jvkB.dpuf
It was a privilege to recognize APS Corp. employees who have served or currently serve in our Armed Services at a Veterans Day event at the APS campus in Phoenix today. I am impressed and grateful for the company's efforts to hire and support Arizona veterans!
Just voted with Cindy McCain in Phoenix! Don't forget to go to the polls today and cast your ballot!
Drum roll please... here are the top 10 examples of outlandish government spending from Tom Coburn's 2014 #Wastebook:  10. $10K National Endowment for the Arts grant to produce “Zombie in Love,” a musical about a teenage zombie “dying to find true love." 9. $146M in tax-free subsidies - which would otherwise fund public infrastructure projects - to build lavish sports stadiums. 8. $171K to study what monkeys playing video games and gambling reveals about free will. 7. $331K to study how often spouses stab voodoo dolls when they are “hangry.” 6. $124.3M to contractor USIS that submited 665K fake security checks and gave Edward Snowden the all-clear. 5. $200K anti-terror grant to Ithaca, NY – named America’s “most secure” small town – to buy state-of-the-art SWAT equipment. 4. $856K for National Science Foundation (NSF) to teach three captive mountain lions how to use a treadmill. 3. $414K to build a free first-person shooter video game that the Intelligence Community fears could train terrorists. 2. $387K in National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding to give Swedish massages to rabbits. 1. $19M to put fed gov’t employees on paid “administrative leave” for disciplinary reasons - many for months or years at a time.  http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=f9478504-be7e-4b8f-9ef8-baa0895a9579
Among the 100 most outlandish government expenditures highlighted in Tom Coburn's 2014 #Wastebook is $387,000 in National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding to give Swedish Massages to rabbits. Learn about the other bizarre projects your taxpayer dollars are supporting in the book Washington doesn’t want you to read: http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord_id=f9478504-be7e-4b8f-9ef8-baa0895a9579
So great to join my daughter Meghan's TV show Take Part Live on pivot in Los Angeles tonight! Very proud of her!
NA
While campaigning in Atlanta earlier this week, I ran into the famous Mutt Cutts van promoting the Dumb and Dumber sequel - out Nov. 14!
I enjoyed a visit to the Gila River Indian Community this week, where I visited with Governor Gregory Mendoza, met with kids from the Community's Head Start program, toured the Hu Hu Kam Memorial Hospital, and honored Gila River native and World War II hero Ira Hayes.
1,500 feet underground this week at Resolution Copper mine in Superior, Arizona - which has potential to be the largest copper mine in North America, bringing thousands of jobs and billions in economic investment to our state.
Proud to pay tribute this week to WWII hero and Gila River Indian Community native Ira Hayes, who helped raise the American flag atop Mt. Suribachi during the Battle of Iwo Jima - the iconic image of the Second World War
Enjoyed a fun visit with kids from the Gila River Indian Community's Head Start Program today!
Very impressed by Amazon.com's efforts to recruit veterans of our armed forces during my visit to their massive Fulfillment Center in Phoenix today - learn more about their military vet recruiting: 
For Arizonans: Check for resources for all impacted by the record-breaking monsoon storms & flooding in the Valley:
Took the Ice Bucket Challenge to benefit The ALS Association last night with DBacks President Derrick Hall and employees - I nominate my old friend Joe Lieberman, Dbacks slugger Paul Goldschmidt and Jamie Foxx - payback for making me dance!
Stopped for lunch at the North Rim of the Grand Canyon today - one of the most beautiful places on earth! #Arizona
At Truc Bach Lake in #Hanoi today with Senator Whitehouse - where I landed after being shot down in 1967 - at the monument to my capture #Vietnam
I am gratified that an agreement has been reached to begin addressing the most pressing issues raised by the ongoing scandal in veterans’ health care. Even as there is much more to do to fulfill our solemn responsibilities to all who have served, today’s agreement represents a significant step forward toward addressing this crisis. My full statement: http://1.usa.gov/UGPI99
Celebrating 4th of July with the Arizona National Guard today in Afghanistan - thank you for your service!
One year ago today, 19 courageous wildland firefighters gave their lives battling the Yarnell Hill Fire in Yavapai County, Arizona. It was a staggering loss that still pains our state and nation today. The Yarnell tragedy is a grim reminder of the grave risks our firefighters take every day to protect our lives and property in Arizona and across the nation.  I hope all Americans will keep in their thoughts and prayers the Granite Mountain Hotshots and their families and loved ones who miss them so dearly. They are American heroes that Arizona can call her own, and their sacrifice will never be forgotten.
I was honored to speak at Sierra Vista's Memorial Day ceremony at the Southern Arizona Veterans Memorial Cemetery yesterday. We should be proud of and humbled by the service of our veterans.
The Arizona Vietnamese and Filipino communities protested Chinese aggression in the South China Sea at my office this past weekend. I stopped by to say a few words in support of their message.
Cattle crossing! Today the Dept of Agriculture finally resumed inspection of cattle exported from Mexico through the port of Douglas, Arizona, which had stopped for four months due to danger on the Mexican side of the border. For more, check out my statement: http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=9cf06bb5-b145-4369-8aac-321c3a07d5da
I obviously had a great time at the Arizona Diamondbacks game this weekend! 
Here's video of my remarks today on the VA allegations that began in Arizona last month - our veterans deserve answers, accountability and leadership from the Obama Administration 
Cindy and I are very happy for our son Jim and his new fiancée Holly Ross - engaged this weekend!
In honor of Jack Bauer's return, #TBT to my Emmy-worthy cameo on 24 in 2006: 
Fun to have my daughter Meghan in town this weekend for the White House Correspondents Dinner!
I had a great time on Late Night with Seth Meyers last night. Watch here: 
On being sanctioned by Russian President Vladimir Putin:  I guess this means my spring break in Siberia is off, my Gazprom stock is lost, and my secret bank account in Moscow is frozen. Nonetheless, I will never cease my efforts on behalf of the freedom, independence, and territorial integrity of Ukraine, including Crimea.
Here's my March Madness bracket - let's go Arizona Wildcats!
ICYMI: My thoughts on how America can best to address Russia's aggression in Ukraine in today's NYT:
Always fun to join Dave Letterman on The Late Show! You can watch the video from last night here: 
Tune in tonight!
Sitting down with the Late Show with David Letterman this evening - tune in!
Watch my comments on Putin and #Russia at the GOP primary debate in 2000 #TBT 
Glad to visit with Ben Affleck yesterday - Cindy and I admire his commitment and work with the Eastern Congo Initiative
Visiting with my dear and beloved mother Roberta today, her 102nd birthday!
Glad to see my friend Bernard "The Executioner" Hopkins today - he's one of the all-time great champions and warriors of boxing
Glad to see my friend Bernard Hopkins today - he is one of the all-time great boxing champions and warriors.
Cindy and I had a great time with our old friends Henry and Nancy Kissinger last night.
I will always appreciate the friendship and support of Sarah and Todd Palin
Meet our new puppy, a Chesapeake Bay Retriever named Gilley!
I had a great time last night on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno and my daughter, Meghan!
Happy new year! I wish you and your family a healthy and happy 2014!
NA
Senator McCain traveled to Kiev, Ukraine where he spoke to the mass protest at Independence Square and met with Ukrainian government officials and opposition leaders.
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. His courage and character inspired South Africa and the world. Read my full remarks here:
Good to visit the US Marines protecting U.S. Embassy Libya in Tripoli - thank you for your service!
Frying this year's turkey with my son Jim - Happy Thanksgiving!
Cooking the world's best ribs at our cabin in Cottonwood, Arizona.
Check out my op-ed in the Arizona Republic: "The Shutdown Succeeded - in Hurting Americans"
Talking to Kate Bolduan on CNN's New Day this morning about last night's budget deal.
Check out my op-ed "Russians Deserve Better than Putin" in the Pravda today:
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the Washington Navy Yard shooting and their families. RIP.
Headed to LA to join Jay Leno on The Tonight Show - tune in this evening!
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse and I traveled to northeast Asia this week to meet with leaders in the region.
Laid to rest today a genuine American hero, Colonel Bud Day. Rest in peace, my friend.
My remarks on Col. Bud Day on the floor this afternoon:
RIP Col. Bud Day - my friend, my leader, my inspiration. A genuine American hero.
Old McCain family photo - looking good in those sweaters! #ThrowBackThursday
Hiking and horseback riding at Weaver's Needle in Arizona's Superstition Mountains circa 1990 #ThrowBackThursday
Here is the video of my remarks honoring the Granite Mountain Hotshots today. I wasn’t lucky enough to know them personally, but I sure wish I had. These were not men merely worth knowing – they were men to admire. May they rest in peace.
Very proud to spend 4th of July with our troops in Afghanistan. I was humbled to take part in a re-enlistment and promotion ceremony at ISAF Headquarters in Kabul, and to spend time with the remarkable men and women of the American military. Let's keep them and their families in our thoughts and prayers as we celebrate this Independence Day.
Today, the families and loved ones of the 19 brave firefighters who lost their lives battling the Yarnell Hill Fire in Central Arizona – as well as those still fighting the fire – are in the thoughts and prayers of all Americans. This devastating loss is a reminder of the grave risks our firefighters take every day on our behalf in Arizona and in communities across this nation. Their sacrifice will never be forgotten.
Very proud that today we passed comprehensive immigration reform with 68 votes in the Senate. I thank my colleagues for their dedication and support of the bill and I look forward to working with my friends in the House on this vital issue.
Proud to receive an honorary degree from the Royal Military College of Canada presented by Defence Minister Peter MacKay today - we're lucky to have a neighbor like Canada.
Very proud day for our office - Victor Glover, our Navy Fellow, has been selected to be part of NASA’s astronaut candidate class for 2013. Congrats, Vic! Read more here:
As the Senate votes on the Farm Bill today, Americans should be aware of the fishy deal in it for catfish farmers. Check out my op-ed in Politico:
Great weekend celebrating the marriage of my son Jack and new daughter-in-law Renee.
This Memorial Day, let's take time to honor those who serve - and those who made the ultimate sacrifice on our behalf, while keeping in our thoughts and prayers the families who miss them so dearly. I was honored to visit with troops serving in southern Turkey today - thank you for your service!
I recently received this film of my father, Admiral John S. McCain Jr., wishing his troops in Vietnam a Merry Christmas in 1971, when he was serving as Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Pacific Command
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Oklahoma - please consider supporting Red Cross disaster relief efforts
Glad to join Prince Harry for tour of the HALO Trust exhibit at the U.S. Capitol - they do remarkable work clearing landmines all over the world. Learn more at www.halotrust.org
Good seeing Larry Fitzgerald today - he's among the most outstanding individuals and athletes I have ever known. Go Cards!
I was honored to visit today with the classmates and friends of Christina-Taylor Green, the remarkable 9-year old who was tragically murdered in the Tucson shootings two years ago, at her old school, Mesa Verde Elementary
Today I went to the Senate floor to speak in support of reasonable, Constitutional background checks for firearm purchases and reflect on the January 2011 tragedy in Tucson
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston and everyone involved with the marathon.
RIP Margaret Thatcher, one of the great leaders of the 20th century
NA
Great piece by my old friend and former Arizona Attorney General, Grant Woods:
I visited the southwest border with Senators Schumer, Flake and Bennet today.  We've made progress but more is needed to achieve our shared goal of securing our border.
Here's my bracket - I'm taking Louisville over Kansas, though over the years I've been consistently wrong on March Madness
Important op-ed by my wife Cindy McCain on the need for Arizona to address the issue of human trafficking:
Thank you to Lt. Gen. Kicklighter and the other great Americans leading the Commemoration of the Vietnam War's 50th Anniversary. Learn more about this important effort:
My op-ed in the Wall Street Journal today: "A Former POW on Vietnam, Four Decades Later" http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressOffice.OpEds&ContentRecord_id=69aed0d7-ba27-2825-e45d-fc24c9375d29&Region_id=&Issue_id=
Top 10 examples of wasteful spending in the CR - the $1 trillion bill before Senate right now:  1. $65 million for Pacific salmon for states including Nevada. Flashback: Even the President agreed this deal is fishy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFcWz9eyovA  2. Directs the Defense Department to overpay on contracts by 5% (totaling $15 million) to Native Hawaiian-owned contractors –  outrageous spending while we’re cutting vital defense programs.  3. $154 million for military ‘alternative energy research,’ which last year paid $26/gallon for 450,000 gallons of alternative fuel.  4. Adds $15 million to the civilian Air Patrol while we are cutting US Air Force pilots’ flight hours by 18%.  5. $10 million for National Guard “STARBASE” and “Youth Challenge” programs while Air Force doesn’t fly & Navy doesn’t sail.  6. Prohibits retirement of C-23 aircraft which the Army asked to retire and every US governor declined to accept when offered the aircraft for free.  7. $120 million for infrastructure in Guam, which House and Senate Armed Services Committees specifically prohibited in the National Defense Authorization Bill.  8. $14.7 million for USDA Watershed Rehab - which the Administration has recommended eliminating for years. 9. $993,000 in grants to dig private wells for private property owners. Digging a deeper hole for taxpayers!  10. $10 million for USDA energy grants subsidizing electricity bills in Alaska and Hawaii.
I joined Candy Crowley on CNN yesterday to discuss the dangerous looming cuts to the defense budget, immigration reform, the Hagel nomination and other issues
Having a little fun at the State of the Union last night with Senators Schumer and Graham. Photo credit: AP
Happy 101st birthday to my mother Roberta McCain - she is an inspiration to us all! Learn more about her remarkable life here: http://www.townandcountrymag.com/society/politics/roberta-mccain-interview
Looking forward to talking about immigration and more with Senator Chuck Schumer and Politico's Mike Allen at  tomorrow's Playbook Breakfast. More information here: http://www.politico.com/events/
In Case You Missed It: Check out my interview with Martha Raddatz on ABC's This Week. http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/video/sen-john-mccain-week-18328946
