Had a great time on my NDSU greenhouse tour with Dr. Acevedo earlier today. Thanks for your dedication and innovative work.
NDSU up 7-3 in the second quarter. Having a great time cheering on the Bison with NDSU president Dean Bresciani #gobison
I spoke on the senate floor to share stories from North Dakota farmers and small businesses about the importance of passing the Tax Extenders bill. This piece of legislation is critical to helping not only small businesses and farmers, but the entire economy. Of particular importance to our state, the legislation extends the Section 179 rule for the current tax year so that producers and small businesses can expense purchases made in 2014. Read more here: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/12/hoeven-pushes-on-senate-floor-to-pass-tax-increase-prevention-act-including-extension-of-section-179
Once again, the Bison demonstrated their resilience and talent in today’s quarterfinal. The Chanticleers played a lively game, leading right into the fourth quarter, but the Bison defense held them and our offense came back with a long, exciting touchdown run.   Congratulations and best wishes to Coach Chris Klieman and the Bison players, who once again performed with real skill and style. I wish I could have been there to cheer them on, but I’m going to do my best to get to next weekend’s game. Go Bison!
Had a great time participating in this year’s Senate Secret Santa. Thanks, Al Franken for the hand-drawn map of the U.S.
My Minot office has moved. We look forward to continuing to serve the people of the Minot region from our new location in the federal building (100 1st Street SW, Suite 107). Our regional offices provide a local contact for North Dakotans who need information or assistance with federal issues.
“Denny Walaker truly loved Fargo and the people of Fargo. As mayor, he presided over one of the greatest periods of growth in the city’s history, and his relentless fights against flooding have become a permanent part of his legacy.  “Mikey and I visited Denny in September following his treatment for kidney cancer. At that time, he had all of the fight and spirit we have all come to know in him. Ultimately, it appears cancer was too strong an adversary. It is with great sadness that Mikey and I express our deepest condolences to his family, his friends and the residents of Fargo who admired and appreciated him.”
Excited to be at Liberty Elementary School in Bismarck today to donate some books from the Library of Congress. We hope these books help fill the shelves of Liberty Elementary School’s library and instill a love for reading in these students. Good literacy skills are fundamental for our students and provide a strong foundation for success now and into the future.
Had a great time meeting with students at Manvel School yesterday. Congratulations to the entire school community on their designation as a National Blue Ribbon School.
The designation as a National Blue Ribbon School is a high honor that is only given to the nation’s best schools. The Manvel School community should be extremely proud of their work to receive this designation, which comes as a result of dedicated efforts from students, educators and families.
“Rod and Tracey Belzer exemplify the powerful and positive impact individuals can have on the lives of North Dakota foster children. During their 26-year marriage, the Belzer family has cared for 132 different children in addition to their five children, two of whom are adopted. It is an honor to nominate Rod and Tracey as Angels in Adoption, and I hope their work will inspire others and increase awareness about the importance of adoption and foster care.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=ddc30a94-dcf8-440b-832b-d6aba2f84653
“At this time of Thanksgiving, we are especially grateful for the freedoms we enjoy and the men and women who have sacrificed so much to preserve them. Today we present these military medals and honor these brave men, who served and fought on our behalf. We hope these medals serve as a tangible reminder of our tremendous gratitude.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/11/hoeven-presents-military-medals-to-north-dakota-wwii-gulf-war-veterans
“Conservation measures in the new farm bill will help to protect and preserve our soil and water, valuable resources for our state both agriculturally and recreationally. Programs like the Conservation Reserve Program and State Acres for Wildlife Enhancement work for our farmers, ranchers, hunters and anyone who enjoys the outdoors, and I welcome input from ASCD members and others who are out there on the land and know it well.”
“We are proud of the hard work of the entire Sweetwater Elementary community. The National Blue Ribbon designation is a result of dedicated teachers and administrators, hardworking students and supportive parents and families. This honor is only awarded to the top schools in our nation and Sweetwater Elementary has set itself apart as one of the best.”
Today is #RuralHealth Day. Thank you to our rural healthcare providers for their remarkable work to keep families & individuals healthy.
In case you missed it: I spoke with Stuart Varney about last night's vote on my legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline and plans to bring it up in the new Congress.
NA
Today, we did not gain the 60 votes necessary in the Senate to pass my bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. Even had it passed, however, President Obama has indicated that he intends to veto the bill. I believe we will have the votes to pass the bill in January when a number of new Senators who support my legislation take office and the new Congress begins.   At that time, I will reintroduce the bill, possibly as part of a broader energy package or appropriations bill that the president will not want to veto.  The Keystone XL pipeline is in the interest of the American people, who in poll after poll say they believe the project should be approved by a margin of 60 to 70 percent, and they have good reason. It will help us produce more energy, more jobs and more economic activity. It will strengthen our national security by increasing energy security, and it will help us reduce our dependence on the Middle East for oil because we can produce it at home with our closest ally Canada.  The Keystone XL pipeline will also greatly benefit North Dakota, which now produces more than 1.2 million barrels of oil a day and transports more than 700,000 barrels a day by rail. It will help relieve stress on our railroads and help them better keep up with our agriculture shipments.  Our nation needs a sound energy plan, and that means we need the infrastructure to move that energy to market, safely and efficiently. Approving the Keystone XL pipeline will take us a step in the right direction.
Joined the Architect of the Capitol to update media on progress on the Capitol dome restoration project.
“The Gigabit Frontier Initiative and others like it will bring the kind of Internet speeds to our state that will empower businesses in the Red River Valley and across North Dakota to thrive and grow in a highly competitive business environment. It’s a kind of infrastructure that is as important to a modern state as roads, bridges, telephones and other tools on which individuals and businesses rely to succeed. It’s a model of the dynamic impact our annual conference is having to strengthen North Dakota’s position as a tech leader.”
“Our nation’s nuclear deterrent has long been our most cost-effective means of defending our nation. I appreciate Secretaries Hagel and James for taking the time to meet with our servicemembers, whose dedicated work makes our nation safer, and for their commitment to provide the resources we need to address challenges impacting the base and support these important missions. I look forward to working with them in the new Congress to continue strengthening the missions in Minot, ensuring their vital role in our nation’s defense and nuclear deterrence strategy.”
"Our nation’s nuclear deterrent has long been our most cost-effective means of defending our nation. I appreciate Secretaries Hagel and James for taking the time to meet with our servicemembers, whose dedicated work makes our nation safer, and for their commitment to provide the resources we need to address challenges impacting the base and support these important missions. I look forward to working with them in the new Congress to continue strengthening the missions in Minot, ensuring their vital role in our nation’s defense and nuclear deterrence strategy.”
"I’m pleased the House has passed our bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. Representative Cassidy took the lead on our bill in the House. Now the Senate will vote on it Tuesday. Of course, we need to get sixty votes. If we don’t get 60 votes in the lame duck, then I will reintroduce the bill in the new Congress and I believe I have the votes to pass it then.  "Yesterday, President Obama made comments from Asia that directly contradict the findings of his own agencies. The State Department’s most recent environmental review found that the project will create approximately 42,000 direct and indirect jobs during the construction phase, which is why labor and business have made common cause in support of the Keystone XL project.  “Further, a report by the Obama Energy Department found that oil piped from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast refineries will stay in the United States, helping to reduce the price of fuel at the pump for American consumers and businesses.  “The Keystone XL pipeline is about energy, jobs, helping to grow our economy and increasing national security by increasing energy security. We do not want to depend on the Middle East for oil when we can produce it at home, along with our closest ally Canada. But to have a sound energy plan, we need the infrastructure to move that energy to market, safely and efficiently.”
“After months of effort, today we’re announcing very good news for Williston and western North Dakota, as well as eastern Montana. We’re going to have an FBI office in Williston, and that’s vital not only for addressing crime, but also for maintaining our quality of life.”
NA
"Senator Landrieu today asked that my bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline be brought up for a vote. On that bill we have all 45 Republicans, plus eleven Democrats, for a total of 56 cosponsors. Now, Senator Landrieu believes she can bring four more Democrats to get to the required 60 votes to pass and get Senator Reid to allow a vote.  “I have been working for years to pass this legislation, and now the Democratic caucus seems ready to move on it. Elections have consequences. All along, I have said – and I believe – we will pass Keystone because the American people support it. I thought we would have to wait until the new Congress is seated to have the 60 votes. But if 15 Democrats will join us, we can pass the bill now, and we should.  “The Keystone XL pipeline is about energy, jobs, helping to grow our economy and increasing national security by increasing energy security. We do not want to depend on the Middle East for oil when we can produce it at home, along with our closest ally Canada. But to have a sound energy plan, we need the infrastructure to move that energy to market, safely and efficiently.  “Pipelines like the Keystone XL are a vital part of that infrastructure – to move not only oil from Canada, but also from the Bakken oil fields in North Dakota and Montana."
Interested in an internship with my office? Applications for the spring session (Jan-May) are due Friday, Nov. 14. Learn more and apply at: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
On Veterans Day and every day, we recognize that our nation and the freedoms we enjoy have been protected and guaranteed by brave men and women who have selflessly donned the uniform of our military. These men and women have fought and many have died to preserve our liberties and ensure our way of life. We owe them not only our respect and tremendous gratitude, but also our commitment to honoring our nation’s promises to them.
Hosted a roundtable in Fargo today to update agriculture producers on BNSF effort to improve shipping and upgrade rail infrastructure in our state.
“We have been pushing BNSF to make the kinds of capital investments necessary to serve North Dakota’s growing and dynamic economy. That’s why we asked Chairman Rose to return to North Dakota to make sure our producers stay informed about what BNSF is doing to improve service in our market, not only now but into the future.”
“Overly burdensome regulations are hampering our economy and hurting our businesses. A prime example is the EPA’s proposed Waters of the U.S. rule, which would heavily burden farms, ranches, small businesses, energy production and commercial development across North Dakota. This rule would expand the EPA’s regulatory authority to everything from small wetlands to ditches and it needs to be stopped. We’re working to do it now and will make it a high priority in the new Congress.”
Good to be in Dickinson today for the formal blessing of the new St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Facility. St. Joseph’s new hospital and medical office building will provide the people of Dickinson and the surrounding communities with health care services they need in a state-of-the-art facility. This new medical facility is part of our efforts to maintain the high quality of life that the people of North Dakota expect.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=ffe9eeb4-ab91-4227-9997-60d35bc474f3
Had a great time speaking to 5th graders at Solheim Elementary School in Bismarck yesterday.
Marking the 125th anniversary of North Dakota’s statehood at the grand opening of the North Dakota Heritage Center and State Museum in Bismarck. It is fitting and timely that on the 125th anniversary of North Dakota’s statehood, we gather to mark the grand opening of our newly expanded Heritage Center. I'm pleased to have worked with the legislature and signed into law as governor, legislation which authorized and funded this expansion of the Heritage Center. It is a vision we had going back to 2001 and now it is a reality. As our state continues to grow and diversify, it is important that we continue to document our story – where we came from, how we arrived here and how we and our ancestors built the great state of North Dakota. By preserving our heritage, we can help our state’s residents, new and old, better remember the lessons of the past and build our future together.
Glad to visit Erik Ramstad Middle School today to host Online Safety Roadshow along with Google reps to teach students about safer Internet use.
“The Bureau of Reclamation’s most recent environmental review provides a number of alternatives, including the treatment of Missouri River water. One of those alternatives should be acceptable to the state of North Dakota, the EPA and the Bureau of Reclamation. The EPA must be more forthcoming in this process and timelier with its comments. The agency’s last minute attention to the environmental review is a disservice to our state, our local communities waiting for years to be served by NAWS, as well as other responsible federal agencies that have worked hard to issue the new Draft EIS. We need to clear the way for bringing safe and reliable drinking water to nearly a hundred thousand North Dakotans in a growing region of our state.”
Interested in interning?  Know someone interested in a Congressional internship experience?  I am currently accepting applications to intern in my Washington, Bismarck, and Fargo offices during spring 2015.  Applications due November 1 and available through my website.
"Today is a proud day for the people of North Dakota. This commissioning ceremony is the culmination of years of hard work by Bob Wefald, the USS North Dakota Committee and many other North Dakotans. The sub we are commissioning today was just a vision eight years ago when we approached the Secretary of the Navy to discuss the possibility of naming a ship in honor of our state. Today, the USS North Dakota joins the world’s largest and greatest naval fleet and serves as a lasting tribute to the people of North Dakota, especially those men and women who have served in our armed forces."
“The Senate once again passed a resolution designating October 26 as a day for our country to join together to honor and thank our servicemembers and their families. To show our appreciation, I encourage North Dakotans to honor our deployed troops on this day through their thoughts, prayers or acts of service. Our military men and women represent the very best of our country, and it is fitting and right that we should express our thanks to them.”
“This is yet another reason we’ve worked so hard to make the region a national hub for research, development, testing, operations and the commercialization of unmanned aerial technologies. The Arctic region is emerging as an important focus for the U.S. military. That means the Northern Command will need the right tools to secure America’s interests and national security in the region, including reconnaissance aircraft like the Global Hawks based at Grand Forks Air Force Base. I’m committed to working in the Senate to make sure the Air Force has those resources, and believe Grand Forks Air Force Base offers real advantages to serving in an Arctic mission.”
The Badlands NGL project illustrates clearly how we can create jobs, grow our economy and do so with good environmental stewardship. This facility will enable us to reduce flaring in North Dakota and also reduce emissions where the natural gas is used by industry, and at the same time, create good jobs and opportunities for North Dakotans.
“UND Aerospace is already the recognized national leader in manned aviation, and now we’re working to make it the undisputed leader in unmanned aviation. The Aerospace and UAS Research, Training and Education Building we broke ground for today represents a big step forward in doing that. That’s what will attract world-class companies like Northrop Grumman and others to cluster here in Grand Forks, churning out ideas, products and skillfully trained UAS operators for the nation.”
“Today’s decision is an important step forward in improving railroad transparency, which will help our shippers and agriculture producers make informed decisions as they work to get their products to market. However, there is still more to be done. We are going to continue our push to ensure railroads make the much-needed investments in rail infrastructure and personnel to resolve existing rail delays, especially during harvest, and prevent future delays.”
Thanks to all the Army Corps of Engineers officials and city and county leaders who participated in today's roundtable discussion in Devils Lake to review flood mitigation projects in the region.
Thanks to an invite from Dan Traynor, I'm looking forward to stopping by Devils Lake Rotary later today.
“One of our first tasks in the governor’s office more than a decade ago was the need to address an ever expanding Devils Lake, and that work has continued here in the Senate. Back then we launched an approach that included mitigation to protect homes, roads and other infrastructure, as well as the construction of outlets on the lake to carefully control releases of water in order to protect people and property. While we will always need to be vigilant, today the community of Devils Lake has a new lease on life and is growing again for the first time in more than 20 years.”
NA
“By bringing together a wide range of stakeholders, the 8th annual Great Plains & EmPower ND Energy Conference will help us to highlight our state’s all-of-the-above approach to energy development, meet the challenges of growth, remain at the cutting-edge of the efficient and responsible energy production and drive home the need to bring our state’s approach to the national level. A decade ago, we created Empower North Dakota, the state’s first comprehensive energy plan, and worked to build a strong business climate. Today, North Dakota has become the second largest oil and gas producing state in the country while developing other sources of renewable energy – a true model for the nation. We need to continue that tradition with farsighted conferences like this.”
Great meeting today with the employees at Dawson Insurance in Fargo.  October is Employee Ownership Month, and I'm glad to mark this occasion at this employee owned company.
“We’ve been working closely with the DOT, shippers, carriers, community leaders and colleagues in the Senate to improve rail safety for North Dakota and the whole nation. That has spurred investments, both public and private, in infrastructure, training and services to prevent derailments and to minimize the impacts when a derailment occurs. This week’s training is a part of that effort. At the same time, we continue to push DOT to finalize effective and practical rules for tanker car construction so tank car owners like GATX have the certainty they need to upgrade their fleets, which is a vital part of the effort to make rail transport safer.”
“North Dakota’s ranchers and farmers have a long and successful history of good stewardship of the land and water, as they provide Americans with the highest quality of beef in the world. The Waters of the U.S. rule is not only a violation of private property rights, but it subjects our farmers and ranchers to a burdensome and costly new regulation. To make matters worse, it will also impede our efforts to build the housing, hotels, retail stores, roads and bridges necessary to maintain our high quality of life and our dynamic economic growth.”
“The USDA grants made available through the farm bill for specialty crops reflect another way we worked to make sure the farm bill helps to advance the good work of North Dakota’s producers. North Dakota is a leading producer of several specialty crops, and these grants will help advance the research paramount to furthering the success of our state’s robust specialty crop industries.”
“We worked hard to ensure the farm bill included strong risk management tools that meet the unique needs of our producers, which is why I pushed to include the new Agriculture Risk and Price Loss Coverage programs in the farm bill to help farmers better manage their risk. Risk management tools like these are important, because they benefit not just producers, but also every single American who has access to the highest-quality and most affordable food, fuel and fiber in the world. These new programs offer two strong options for our farmers, and starting Monday they will have resources available to help them determine the program that best meets their needs.”
"We are working in a bipartisan way to build a true states-first, all-of-the-above energy development plan for the country that will empowers local authorities to oversee energy development and keep electricity affordable for families and businesses."
“The Blue Ribbon designation is a mark of excellence and celebrates the hard work of the educators and students at Sweetwater Elementary and Manvel Elementary School. We are proud of these schools and their communities for being recognized nationally for their academic excellence.”
“Minot Air Force Base plays an important role in our nation’s defense, and we want it to continue to play that role well into the future. This runway project is just one of the multiple projects that we worked to secure funding for that will help our men and women in uniform at Minot to fulfill their missions now and for years to come.”
“If we are going to keep high-caliber federal workers serving North Dakota, we will need to make it affordable for them and their families to live and work here. OPM has assured me it is working with the Interior Department to evaluate ways to help attract and retain workers in western North Dakota. I am asking Interior to advocate for a Bakken region locality adjustment that will help all agency staff when it submits its special salary request to OPM, and I believe they are moving in that direction.”
“Western North Dakota’s growth has brought tremendous benefits and tremendous needs for infrastructure, including at our airports. Dickinson Airport continues to serve more and more travelers each year. This growth requires not only improvements to existing infrastructure, but new developments as well. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I will continue working to ensure we have the federal support we need to construct a new runway and terminal for this growing airport and the community it serves."
“We will continue to press Canadian Pacific to devote the resources necessary to catch up on agriculture shipments until they are up to date. Last week, a review of their situation showed progress, though clearly they will need to do more in terms of resources and staff to meet the demands of North Dakota’s growing economy. With the harvest in full swing, we need to ensure the railroad is doing all it can to meet not only this year’s needs, but also next year’s.”
NA
“We met with Col. Koprowski to ensure the Corps is moving forward with flood protection projects for the Souris River Basin. The Minot area is coming back better than ever following historic flood in 2011. We need to ensure that we put in place a comprehensive flood protection plan to protect the community as efficiently and effectively as possible and the Corps plays a big role in that.”
Had press conference today to press for immediate approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
“After more than six years of study, five favorable environmental reviews, numerous polls showing the support of the American people, ISIS and the turmoil in the Middle East, it is way past time we take off the blinders and do what is in the best interest of the United States: approve the Keystone XL pipeline. With our closest friend and ally Canada, we can produce more energy than we use, and achieve true North American energy independence. That’s why every Republican member of the U.S. Senate has joined in our letter calling for the president to approve the project.”
“The Senate has once again passed a resolution designating October 26 as a day for our country to join together to honor and thank our servicemembers and their families. Our nation has long understood the intrinsic importance of setting aside special days of remembrance, and the Day of the Deployed serves as a fitting way for our country to pause to remember and recognize the American servicemembers currently deployed throughout the world.”
"This bill is important because it not only helps producers to get drilling permits in a timely manner, but also because it helps get approvals to site gas gathering systems and pipelines so that we can reduce flaring in the Bakken."
“My conversation with Director Comey went very well. He had an understanding of our needs and I hope an announcement will be forthcoming soon that the FBI is going to comply with our request for more staff and an office in Western North Dakota.”
“With our closest friend and ally Canada, we can produce more energy than we use, but we can’t get to the point of energy independence without the infrastructure necessary to achieve it. ISIS is reported to be making more than a million dollars a day selling oil from the land it occupies in the Middle East. Energy infrastructure projects are too important to our economy and our national security to be dragged out, virtually for years in the case of the Keystone XL pipeline. We need a process that is fact-based and transparent, a process that looks out for the interests of the American people now and into the future. Our bill achieves that goal.”
“This decision moves Basin’s transmission line project forward and helps our state’s ongoing work to create jobs, grow our economy and develop more energy for North Dakota and the nation. Transmission line projects like this help to build necessary critical infrastructure.”
“ESPN choosing NDSU for a GameDay broadcast again this year reflects well not only on the university and its players, but also on Fargo and North Dakota. We’re really looking forward to tomorrow’s celebration and game! Go Bison!”
“For four years in a row, North Dakota has had the fastest growing economy in the nation. That means we have an ever-increasing number of goods and people to move, and we need to have the infrastructure in place to meet this need. These funds are an investment in our airports and will help improve both our transportation capacity and safety.”
“North Dakota is the fastest growing state in the nation. One of the biggest challenges of that growth is a lack of housing across the state, but especially in our rural areas. We need USDA to work with us to ensure communities have quality, affordable housing options, especially single family homes, for our families.”
“Ultimately, what will resolve these delays is greater rail capacity to not only catch up with delayed shipments but also to manage this year’s harvest. Because of our growing economy and dynamic farm sector, railroads must commit to investing in more rail infrastructure, which means more locomotives, more railcars and more crews. BNSF has made substantial commitments to increasing infrastructure and personnel, and now Canadian Pacific needs to make the same kind of commitment. It is also imperative that CP implement transparent and fair way to reserve cars and track orders for our farmers and elevators. The investments and changes we are pushing for will benefit not just North Dakota shippers, but also the railroads themselves as they grow with our state.”
Congratulations to Joel Bickford and Dave Wheeler for being recognized as Principals of the Year for their excellent work at Bottineau Junior Senior High School and Larimore High School.
"Not only do our farmers, ranchers and agriculture workers provide our nation the highest quality, least expensive food supply in the world, but they are also a cornerstone of North Dakota’s economy. It has been an honor to work on their behalf, and I continue working to make sure they have access to the support and tools they need to continue their vital work.”
Enjoyed meeting today with the North Dakota Farmers Union.
“Domestic violence and sexual assault are serious crimes and it is important law enforcement officials have the resources to deal with these types of crimes. This grant will help Grand Forks handle sexual assault cases and will also help raise community support and awareness for victims.”
“North Dakota’s businesses and universities are at the cutting-edge of scientific and technological development. These funds will help Laserlith and UND continue to create solutions and research new alternatives for problems facing wireless and radio communication.”
“We can secure a healthier America through forward-thinking medical research. These funds will help provide practical and cutting-edge health services to our Native American communities in North Dakota, while also giving students a great opportunity to become involved in medical research.” 
“This is an innovative project that benefits our farmers, our environment and our economy. The plant will convert natural gas into anhydrous ammonia, providing our farmers with a low-cost, local source of fertilizer while reducing flaring and creating jobs and economic activity. The project has tremendous benefits for our state and the community of Spiritwood.”
“We need to move forward on the flood management project for the Souris River Basin as quickly and efficiently as possible to protect Minot and the communities along the Souris River from potential flooding. Completing the project in phases will help us to do just that. We encourage the Corps to move this project forward in phases, as opposed to waiting for permits on the entire project.”
“We got a firm commitment late yesterday from the USPS that it will maintain current hours at approximately 30 post offices in the growing Bakken region, as we requested and as was promised in April. At the same time, about 30 others are still scheduled to have their hours reduced, which we’ve asked the postal service to reevaluate in a timely manner because of the continuing growth of our state.”
“Responding to crime and protecting our communities is vital to maintaining our quality of life and ensuring that North Dakota continues to be a safe place to work, live and raise a family. These funds will help our law enforcement officials respond to crimes quickly and effectively.”
“The bottom line is that we need greater rail capacity to meet the growing needs of North Dakota’s expanding economy and dynamic businesses and farms. To make that happen, railroads must commit to investing in more rail infrastructure, including more locomotives, more railcars and more crews. BNSF has made substantial commitments to increasing infrastructure and personnel, but now Canadian Pacific needs to make the same kind of commitment. CP also needs to implement a more transparent way of reserving cars and tracking orders so that it is fair to our shippers. The investments and changes we are calling for are not only in the interest of North Dakota, but also in the interest of the railroads themselves.”
.
In Williston today, to continue our push for additional permanent FBI & DEA agents in western NorthDakota.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/9/hoeven-working-to-place-more-fbi-dea-agents-in-williston-on-a-permanent-basis
“The National Corn Growers’ decision reflects the growing respect and attention Fargo and the Red River Valley are getting nationally for the work they’re doing with new and innovative technologies. The collaboration between the USDA-ARS and the National Agricultural Genotyping Center comes as good news for the North Dakota Corn Growers, NDSU, Fargo and our entire state.”
“We are working hard to provide the assistance our local officials need to not only prevent crime in our state, but also to help them alleviate the impacts of crime. To that end, these funds will help provide the support and care victims of sexual assault most need in their time of crisis.”
“Fargo, Grand Forks and the Red River Valley are already emerging as a hub of technology and innovation, and this kind of research is vital to creating the new products and services our companies will bring to market. At the same time, it bolsters the world-class research our state’s two largest universities are doing for our state and our nation.”
“The University of North Dakota’s Indians into Psychology Program is making important strides in providing Native Americans with better access to mental health services. This new grant for UND’s program will help further the important work the school is doing to ensure native peoples have ready access to quality medical care, including mental health services.”
“Passing a strong, long-term farm bill has been a top priority to ensure that our producers have the confidence and tools needed to run their operations. Including enhanced crop insurance provisions in the farm bill was important for North Dakota’s farmers and ranchers who need a strong safety net to effectively manage the market and weather volatility. This announcement that Supplemental Coverage Option will be available for next year’s wheat and durum crops is an important first step; now it needs to be followed up with implementation of SCO in all counties for all commodities.”
Looking forward to holding an informational meeting about applying to one of our nation's service academies.    Meeting to take place Wednesday, September 3 at 6pm at the Raymond J. Bohn Armory in Bismarck.
“The rapid growth of western North Dakota’s economy and population has also brought challenges, including crimes against women. These grants are one of the law enforcement resources we’re working to provide for the Bakken, as well as a larger drug enforcement and FBI presence in the region.”
“We’re working to ensure that farm bill programs are implemented in an effective and efficient way and that it includes input from our farmers and ranchers. This roundtable provides Under Secretary Scuse with the opportunity to hear directly from North Dakota producers as USDA works to implement the farm bill. Our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job producing food, fuel and fiber for our nation, and we need to ensure that they have the information and support they need to run their operations. ”
"We have been working to provide permanent flexibility in the school lunch program to make it work for our students, school nutritionists and school districts as we know a one-size-fits-all standard for school lunches does not meet the needs of our students and schools. This USDA grant will help our state’s schools develop unique plans that will help bolster healthy eating habits for our students, and I will continue to work to provide our schools the flexibility they need to implement the program, particularly with regard to the sodium and whole grains standards.”
“I am pleased to encourage North Dakota high school students to apply to participate in the historic and prestigious United States Senate Youth Program that is held each year in Washington, D.C. This program offers two of North Dakota’s brightest students the unique opportunity to represent our state as they meet with their peers from across the country to gain a firsthand look at our democratic system of government, expand their knowledge and cultivate the skills that will serve them well in their future studies and professional endeavors.”
“We have worked hard for many years to provide comprehensive flood protection for our communities throughout the Red River Valley. We need to continue making investments in important flood mitigation infrastructure like the Mickelson Field levee and lift station. By combining that with our pursuit of permanent flood protection for Fargo-Moorhead, affordable flood insurance as well as water retention and other methods for addressing upstream concerns, we continue our efforts to finally put costly annual flood fights behind us.”
"The Red River Valley companies featured during today’s Tech Conference and others across North Dakota are blazing new trails and helping to drive North Dakota’s booming technology industry which is positively impacting all sectors of our state’s economy. This year, North Dakota is once again adding STEM jobs faster than any other state in the country, with approximately 200 – 400 good, high-tech job openings on any given day. We need to continue building on this success, and today’s Tech Conference serves an important role in bringing together tech leaders from across North Dakota to ensure cutting-edge innovations continue to advance North Dakota’s economy.”
“Minnkota’s new transmission line will help to provide efficient power for our growing communities and economy. This project is a good example of the energy infrastructure investments that we need to build a brighter energy future for our state and our nation.”
“Our transportation infrastructure needs to meet the demands North Dakota’s dynamic economy. Through programs like AIP, we are working to support our businesses and residents as they work to pursue new, diverse opportunities to continue our state’s recent economic growth across sectors, whether it is in aerospace, agriculture, energy or cutting-edge technology.”
Enjoyed visiting Devils Lake today to open new VA clinic.  This new clinic will provide our veterans in the Devils Lake region with access to high quality health care close to their homes.
“For about a decade now, we’ve been working to provide our veterans in the Devils Lake region with a VA medical facility in their community so they have access to health care services closer to home. We appreciate all those who have worked to make this clinic a reality so we can better show our gratitude to the men and women who have served our nation.” 
“We have been working hard to improve infrastructure across North Dakota, and these new DOT grants are helping us achieve our goal of updating our state’s airport so they can meet the demands of the increasing number of businesses and individuals who rely on them to accomplish the work that is driving our state’s economic growth."
"We have worked hard to promote economic growth across all industries in North Dakota, and as a result, our state has become a leader in high-tech industry. We enjoy this success both because of the pro-business climate we implemented that encourages innovation, entrepreneurship and investment and due to the investments we make in our infrastructure. This loan supports our efforts to provide North Dakotans with the fastest internet access in the country, empowering them to better access education, healthcare and commerce.”
“We need to build a healthy business climate, like we’ve done in North Dakota, to grow the economy, get Americans back to work and raise government revenues to reduce the deficit without tax increases. Across sectors, whether it is energy, agriculture, manufacturing or the service industry, our businesses need certainty from our government. That means we build a legal, tax, and regulatory environment where government policies enhance our businesses’ ability to operate both domestically and internationally by being simple, fair and cost-effective, not overly burdensome.”
“We’re working in a variety of ways to support our communities’ efforts to maintain their high quality of life. To that end, these funds will empower our law enforcement officials to better protect our communities from drug trafficking and violent crime through shared information and planning while also supporting substance abuse rehabilitation services.”
“Last August, we hosted the Postmaster General in Williston and showed him potential sites for a much-needed new postal facility for this growing community. Today, we celebrate the opening of this full-service facility. We appreciate all those, including our local postal officials, who worked so hard to make this post office a reality.”
“North Dakota is a dynamic, growing state and that means agriculture and other freight shipments have grown commensurately. We need to sit down like this to discuss what steps are and can be taken to eliminate backlogs and get agriculture shipments on schedule for producers, especially with the fall harvest fast approaching. We appreciate Canadian Pacific CEO and Director Hunter Harrison visiting North Dakota to meet directly with our producers regarding ongoing concerns about shipping agriculture products by rail.”
"Our veterans and their families have sacrificed much defending and protecting our nation. We need to do all we can to show our appreciation for their service. This federal grant will help provide much needed housing options for veterans and their families in need.”  
"Let’s use the QER process to set a goal for national energy security within five years. For the first time in decades this is a real possibility. America today has the resources and technology to actually produce more oil and gas than we use, but we need the federal government to work with us instead of impeding the effort."
“As governor, I worked for a decade to build a comprehensive energy plan for North Dakota called Empower North Dakota. It is a true all-of-the-above plan that did not pick winners and losers, but rather encouraged innovation and entrepreneurship in all energy sectors, both renewable and traditional. Our success with that plan in North Dakota is evident from east to west. We can do the same thing on a national scale, but we need the administration and Majority Leader Reid to work with us. I believe we have legislation drafted and ready to go right now that would help us realize the full potential of all of our energy sources.” 
“Today’s groundbreaking for Affinity Global Solutions’ new Levinson Technology and Business Center reflects both the ingenuity and hard work of Trish and Brent Levinson and their employees as well as our state’s ongoing commitment to fostering the innovative companies like Affinity that are developing cutting-edge technologies across business sectors."
“The summary objective of the Nuclear Force Improvement Program is to modernize and strengthen the nation’s nuclear forces. Minot Air Force Base, with both a bomber wing and a missile wing, is clearly a vital part of that mission, which this increase in personnel signifies.”
“We asked Chairman Rose to come to North Dakota to meet directly with producers, both to hear their concerns and explain what BNSF is doing to fix the delays,” Hoeven said. “The rail industry has made progress on clearing out the backlog, and we will continue to push them to resolve the delays in North Dakota in time for the fall harvest.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/8/hoeven-hosts-roundtable-with-bnsf-agricultural-producers-on-improving-rail-service-agriculture-shipments
“Our entire state is growing, in terms of both people and our economy. That’s especially true of Minot and the entire western region of North Dakota. Infrastructure like the terminal, runway and other construction at Minot Airport is designed to keep up with the growing demand for air travel that comes with general economic growth.”
“Israel is once again under attack by Hamas, an extremist Palestinian element that refuses to recognize Israel’s right to exist. Hamas is deliberately firing thousands of missiles into populated areas of Israel, seeking to do maximum injury to civilians and property. Thankfully, however, the Iron Dome system developed jointly by the United States and Israel is saving lives and strengthening Israel's strategic position in the region..  “Today, Congress passed a measure enabling the U.S. Department of Defense to replenish Israel’s Iron Dome missile defense system. As America’s closest ally in the Middle East and the region’s only stable democracy, the United States must make sure we help Israel defend itself from hostile efforts to destroy its nation.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=6b03a62e-163e-42d1-8b65-f38700f144d4
“The Minot region is growing at a tremendous rate, with more people traveling into and out of the city every year. This project, along with the new terminal we worked to fund, will provide the resources necessary for people to travel safely and efficiently, I’m looking forward to visiting Minot on Tuesday to see the progress on the new terminal building and other projects currently underway.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=e3733cc0-eaad-42c5-9dd3-6a6ad20baf0f
“Ensuring our veterans have access to health care services that meet their needs is a top priority. The compromise legislation that has now passed the Senate and House addresses many of the problems we’re seeing at the VA. It provides more access to servicers through the VA, but also access to local health care providers for our veterans and requires accountability for the VA. It’s an important step forward, but there’s more to do.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f1e26211-1a44-4e24-b78a-1eac4f81e010
“It’s critical that the DEA dedicate sufficient staff, both fulltime and on an as-needed basis, to help fight drug crimes. This includes assigning DEA agents to local narcotic taskforces in western North Dakota and providing more agency support. I urged Administrator Leonhart to work with local and state officials to get DEA agents into the field as soon as possible.”
“We’ve been working closely with DOT as well as industry and community leaders to improve the safety of transportation in our communities. These funds will support the work we’ve done by helping state and local leaders develop and improve their emergency plans, preparing our emergency responders to protect our residents and themselves when accidents occur.”
“North Dakota has come a long way since its beginning. We have built a rich heritage and a remarkable history that is itself an emblem of the nation’s growth over the past century and a quarter. North Dakotans are deeply proud of the contributions, both past and present, that our state has made to our country. We and our ancestors worked hard to make North Dakota the success story it is, so that today, we are a state of hard working people with the strongest economy in America, providing the energy, food and technological innovation our nation needs. As North Dakotans, we have much to be thankful for and plenty to celebrate on the 125th anniversary of our statehood.”
ONEOK Partners’ announcement that it will invest $605 to $785 million in the Williston Basin to construct a new Demicks Lake natural gas processing facility and related infrastructure in North Dakota that will help reduce natural gas flaring in the state.  This is good news for North Dakota because it will create jobs and capture more natural gas, but it is also good news for the nation at a time when our allies in Europe and Ukraine need natural gas to resist Russian aggression.
NA
“We continue to press railroads to eliminate backlogs and get agriculture shipments on schedule for our producers, especially with the harvest season fast approaching. I spoke with STB Chairman Dan Elliot, as well as BNSF Chairman Matt Rose today, and both indicated that BNSF is catching up.”
“Yesterday, the Senate passed a measure that will allow states to continue and complete construction projects already underway. The measure is especially important to North Dakota to keep up with our state’s steady economic and demographic growth."
Last week I met with Veterans Affairs Secretary nominee Robert McDonald to press for his support to allow veterans more options for health care and long term care (LTC) services in their home communities. I believe he is receptive to our ideas, and will work with us on these priorities to ensure our veterans receive the best care possible.  I look forward to working with Secretary McDonald to create more choice for our veterans in accessing health care services closer to home.
Today's Wall Street Journal includes an opinion piece Senator John McCain and I wrote about how we can strengthen our national security and help the U.S. economy by capitalizing on our natural-gas bonanza.  
Congratulations to Grand Forks Air Force Base on being named by the Air Force Times as the sixth best base for airmen in the country.  Congratulations, also, to Minot Air Force Base for ranking 17th on the paper's list.    Both bases do tremendous work for our state and country, and we're grateful to the outstanding men and women who serve at Grand Forks and Minot. 
Congratulations to Fargo on being named Best Small Places for Business and Careers.
“We made it clear to the Administrator that the EPA needs to abandon this proposed rule. Their proposal is causing uncertainty for our farmers and ranchers and making it more difficult and more expensive for our producers to do their jobs. The last thing they need is the burden of additional regulations and litigation.”
Check out this video featuring six North Dakota exporters. 
“Maintaining the safety and well-being of citizens is the most fundamental role of our government, and these FEMA grants will help ensure that our local, state and tribal law enforcement and government agencies have the funding needed to train their employees and implement the programs needed to prevent or handle any possible challenges our state might face.”
“North Dakotans are rightly concerned about the safety of our communities, and we’ve been working hard to bring together key figures, including BNSF, federal and state officials, to ensure the safe operation of our railroads. This upcoming training will be a valuable opportunity to provide first responders with information they can use to better protect our communities and themselves. We want to thank GATX and BNSF for partnering with us to make this training a possibility.”
Had great conversation today with Andie, Casondra, Reed, and Connor.  These bright North Dakota students are doing an outstanding job representing our state as they participate in the American Legion's Boys Nation and Girls Nation.
“We need to make the right kind of investments in our students and our workforce to ensure America can continue to compete in our global, digitally-connected economy. Our colleges and universities in North Dakota continue to make these investments, giving our students the skills they need in the workplace of the future, while also conducting world-class research that keeps our state on the cutting-edge of technology. These grants will help further the important work our schools are doing.”
Great speaking with FFA President Chance Lundberg & Secretary Seena Hagen, two outstanding students who are working hard to shape our state's and nation's ag industry.
“We need to provide our veterans with greater choice to receive care in their local communities when they live far from a VA medical center, hospital or nursing home. VA Secretary nominee McDonald seems receptive to our ideas, and I believe he will work with us on these priorities to ensure our veterans receive the best care possible close to their homes.”
“This is simple, straightforward legislation that provides a set timeline for the Energy Department to make decisions on LNG export permits. This is a compromise between proposals offered by senators on both sides of the aisle and should have enough support to pass through Congress. This legislation is a concrete solution to help us provide energy to our friends and allies. It will weaken Putin’s energy leverage over Europe and encourage the European Union to stand with us on sanctions against Russia.”
“Small businesses are the engine of our economic growth. We need to make the right kind of investments that create a pro-growth environment for our small business. Programs like the minority business center at UTTC provide our entrepreneurs with access to important services, like training and technical assistance, to establish, grow and sustain their businesses.”
“North Dakota’s volunteer firefighters play a vital role ensuring the safety and well-being of our communities. The grant awarded to the Park River Volunteer Fire Department will help ensure the community’s volunteer force is well-trained and equipped to complete their work efficiently and safely.”
“We all want our children to be healthy and to have nutritious meals. As we work to reauthorize our nutrition programs, we need to make sure we provide enough flexibility for our schools to meet the requirements. A one-size-fits-all approach to school nutrition rules ignores the challenges our schools face to acquire foods that not only meet these requirements, but that students will eat.”
“Our men and women at Minot Air Force Base do a tremendous job defending our nation, and I remain committed to working to ensure that the base’s servicemembers and civilian workforce have all the tools, equipment and support they need while the base is in this important growth mode. Today’s meeting with the base’s new leaders offered a good opportunity to address some of the challenges impacting Minot Air Force Base, and I am committed to working to make sure we secure the resources needed to support the base’s missions, both today and in the future, by modernizing missions and providing for the personnel needed to operate the base.”
“We’ve been working hard to ensure that North Dakotans and all Americans have access to adequate health care services, regardless of their background or zip code. An important part of that is developing our health care workforce and training service providers who share and understand our residents’ heritage, providing culturally competent service. The stipend and scholarships that will come from this grant will prove beneficial to a number of talented NDSU students, enabling them to advance their studies and, in turn, give back to our communities that benefit from well-educated, skilled healthcare professionals.”
Had productive meeting today with Minot Air Force Base leaders about ongoing priorities for base's missions.
“We appreciate that DOT has issued its proposal for rail tank cars today that appears to be comprehensive and deals with prevention, mitigation and response. We will continue to review these proposed standards to ensure they are workable and will keep our communities safe. For over two years we’ve been pressing DOT to update and expedite standards for rail cars and we will continue working to bring together all relevant stakeholders to ensure we have common sense and comprehensive rail safety standards.”
“We have been working hard to ensure that Fargo receives this DOT grant so the airport can undertake its taxiway construction and runway rehabilitation projects. Securing these DOT grants is an important way we are working to ensure that we continue to improve infrastructure at Hector Airport and airports across North Dakota. We are the fastest growing state in the nation, and this rapid growth means busy airports and new infrastructure needs. These DOT grants for Fargo, Williston and Hettinger are good news for our state, reflecting our ongoing efforts to invest and develop our airports and meet the new needs of our state.”
“This federal grant will help to create jobs in our rural communities and help small businesses that provide opportunities for Native Americans in our state. Developing opportunities in our rural areas is important to maintaining the high quality of life we value in North Dakota and keeping our economy growing.”
“We’ve been working hard to provide our communities with the tools they need to protect themselves, and that includes making important investments in our flood control infrastructure. These funds will help continue the important work of the Pembina County Water Resource District to update Renwick Dam, providing added protection for Cavalier and other nearby communities.”
“Our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job and we need to do all that we can to support their hard work. As USDA works to implement the farm bill, they need to hear directly from our producers to ensure that these programs work on the ground. USDA officials will be in Fargo later this month and I encourage our producers to make their voices heard.”
“The Defense Appropriations bill passed by the committee today strengthens our national security and supports defense priorities important to our state. The men and women serving our country at North Dakota’s bases do a tremendous job, and we’re working to support their missions.”
Kelcee Schadler of Bismarck has been doing a tremendous job representing North Dakota in the United States Senate Page Program.
“The agreement BNSF and RRVW have reached to provide train service to James Valley Grain is an important step in our ongoing efforts to improve rail service in North Dakota, especially for our state’s farmers who rely heavily on trains. New service to the proposed facility in Verona will improve the reliability of rail transportation in our state, ensuring that our producers are able to receive the supplies they need and ship the items they grow.”
Always grateful to the North Dakota students who intern in my offices, and Navy, Alexis, and Annie have been doing a tremendous job this summer interning in my Washington, D.C. office.
Please contact my Bismarck office by this Friday if you would like to nominate a North Dakotan as an Angel in Adoption.   I am accepting nominations for North Dakota residents and organizations who have distinguished themselves through their work on behalf of adopted children, foster children and their families.
“We’ve requested a meeting with DEA Administrator Leonhart, either in North Dakota or Washington, to ensure that she is working with state and local officials to combat drug crimes in our state. We have requested additional DEA agents to help prevent drug crimes and we’re working to ensure that we get additional agents on the ground to help as soon as possible.”
“Education is a key part of empowering our citizens to access better opportunities and build a better life for themselves and their children. These funds will support Sitting Bull College’s and its volunteers’ efforts to secure these opportunities for members of Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. Furthermore, our AmeriCorps members will expand opportunity for themselves, gaining skills and experience to jumpstart their careers as well as funds to help them pursue their own education.”
“We have been in contact with the North Dakota Attorney General, as well as local law enforcement officials, to determine how to best help them to keep our communities safe. They indicated that we need more DEA agents. That’s why we’re requesting that DEA station additional agents in North Dakota to help us investigate drug crimes and prevent drugs from coming into the state.”
“One of the most tangible ways we repay our tremendous debt to our veterans is by providing them with the quality health care they need when they leave the service. To meet this objective, it is imperative that veterans living in more rural parts of North Dakota have good access to health care providers. We have been working hard to improve this access, and the VA grant to North Dakota is an important step in ensuring that our veterans have the transportation needed to receive health care.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/hoeven-announces-grant-to-improve-health-care-access-for-north-dakota-veterans
We have the lowest cost, highest quality food supply in the world. Now the EPA, by its own volition is going to go out and make it harder, more expensive and more difficult for our farmers and ranchers to do what they do better than anyone in the world. Farmers and ranchers have to work through uncertain weather and markets to ensure we have food security, and they don’t need the burden of additional regulations and litigation. They certainly don’t need that burden under the auspices that EPA says, oh somehow this is going to help you. Well, that’s not the case.
NA
“The anniversary of our independence provides us all with an opportunity to reflect not only upon the liberties we enjoy, which have provided the solid foundation on which our great nation stands, but also on the blood and toil that has been spent in securing those liberties. Our members of the armed services from the time of our Founding Fathers through today have risked everything defending our lives and our founding principles. We must always remember the tremendous debt we owe to the living veterans of today, and we can best honor them by both fulfilling our promises to them and upholding those principles for which they have sacrificed so much.”
“While identifying cost savings are crucial to ensuring the long-term sustainability of the Postal Service, it makes no sense to close facilities in rapidly growing parts of the country, like Minot and western North Dakota. The Postal Service needs to consider North Dakota’s strong economic and population growth not only now but in the future when making a decision on the Minot facility.”
“In speaking with Secretary Vilsack, I made it clear that this rule could have far-reaching and detrimental effects on farmers and ranchers, as well as other businesses. Our farmers and ranchers are very concerned that the EPA is trying to step in and make land-use decision for them. We’re working to eliminate the proposed Waters of the U.S. regulation as it is clearly bureaucratic overreach."
“Secretary Vilsack’s visit today is important because he can see firsthand the flood challenges we face and the need for the USDA to help build upstream flood protection, which is an important element of comprehensive flood protection for the Valley. We worked to include in the new farm bill, RCPP, EQIP and other programs that can hold back water and help us to protect communities at risk. We’re grateful to Secretary Vilsack for being here today and we urge him to provide the necessary flexibility to make these programs workable for our farmers, water boards and the Red River Retention Authority.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/7/hoeven-farm-bill-tools-can-help-to-address-upstream-concerns 
Congratulations to Nicolette Bitz, Lexie Weber and RaeLyn Leier on being elected to represent North Dakota on the NFUDC National Youth Advisory Council.
“North Dakota has the most diverse crop mix of any state in the nation with 42 crops as well as diverse livestock and apiary industries. North Dakota State University is also home to 14 public crop breeding programs and hosts a new BIO Level Security 3 greenhouse that was the vision of farmers and legislative leaders in our region. This diversity would be a great benefit to your new center.  “We strongly support the proposed collaboration between the USDA-ARS and the National Agricultural Genotyping Center. This collaboration will serve you well in the development and operation of your new center,”
In Dickinson to host a roundtable with area veterans to ensure they have quality, timely health and long term care services closer to home. 
“The North Dakota American Legion plays an important role in our state as they work to improve our communities and advocate on behalf of North Dakota’s veterans and military families. We appreciate the tremendous work of the American Legion and its members to ensure that we uphold our commitment to care for our veterans and their families. We worked to pass legislation in the Senate that will ensure that the men and women who served our nation are receiving the quality, timely health care services they were promised. We’re also working to ensure that veterans in North Dakota can access health care services in their local communities, closer to their friends and families. Our actions should reflect the tremendous gratitude we feel for the service and sacrifices of our nation’s veterans.
“We’ve been working hard with the USPS for postal service improvements in North Dakota, especially in western North Dakota. At a meeting with Postmaster General Donahoe last year, our postmaster in Williston suggested creating a new postal facility in the community to improve services. Postmaster Donahoe and I then looked for possible areas for a new facility, and earlier this year he approved the lease. We’re grateful that Postmaster General Donahoe listened to our community’s concerns and turned a suggestion into a reality.”
“Minot and the region are coming back better than ever after the historic flooding of 2011, but we still have a ways to go. This new HUD program could provide the resources we need to take a big step forward by helping to remove abandoned homes to make way for green spaces with a double use - water retention and recreational areas.”
Yesterday I was glad to have the chance to speak with a terrific group of FFA students from Mohall.
Great seeing Ed & Kelly Christ today as they visit Washington, D.C. with their granddaughters.
Had good meeting today with sharp group of North Dakota students involved with North Dakota's chapter of SADD.  These students are committed to helping their peers, and we're grateful for the good work they're doing back home.
Met with OMB director nominee, Shaun Donovan, to press the case for construction of the Fargo-Moorhead flood protection project.  
Many congratulations to North Dakota students Siddharth Gupta and Haleigh Larson on being named U.S. Presidential Scholars by the U.S. Department of Education.  Earning this distinction is a tremendous achievement, and North Dakota is proud of to have such bright students representing our state.
“We believe this is a cost-effective solution for the Air Force because the E-11A and the Block 20 Global Hawk, which is already based in Grand Forks, work together on the battlefield communications mission. The undersecretary agreed that collocating missions offers efficiencies and cost savings, making Grand Forks a good contender. We think this would work well for the Air Force and for Grand Forks.”
“The Air Force recognizes that the nuclear mission is a vital part of the Air Force and critical to the security of the United States, and additionally, that the Minot Air Force Base is an important part of Global Strike Command. Global Strike Command is adding a thousand personnel to the nuclear mission, and I anticipate that several hundred of those will come to Minot Air Force Base because we have both a bomber wing and a missile wing.”
We are once again glad to welcome some of North Dakota’s finest young adults to work as congressional interns in my Washington, D.C. and state offices. These outstanding individuals represent North Dakota’s youth as well as our future leadership. As always, we are proud to provide them with the opportunity to experience firsthand the legislative process and the inner workings of our nation’s government as we serve the people of North Dakota. We hope this internship experience will establish lifelong connections and a deeper appreciation for the value of public service.
Visit USDA's new website designed specifically for beginning farmers and ranchers. 
In every generation, a group of young men and women take on the important responsibility of producing food, fiber and fuel for America and the world. For that reason we worked to include programs and policies in the new Farm Bill that would help beginning farmers and ranchers during those difficult early years. The policy changes and new tools now available to young farmers will help secure the future of U.S. agriculture, which supports 16 million jobs and provides Americans with the highest quality, least expensive food supply in the world.
The Air Force can make BACN permanent by using existing facilities at Grand Forks Air Force Base, minimizing costs while retaining a critical communications capability important to our national defense. In addition to the BACN mission and the Global Hawk Block 20, Grand Forks Air Force Base already hosts the Global Hawk Block 40 and is preparing to lease additional space at the base for contractor operations. That creates opportunity to locate BACN-related contractors to Grand Sky at minimal expense.
The Corps needs to account for a strong and reliable local effort – projects where funding is in place and the locals are doing more – as they select which projects to begin constructing. Our language makes sure they do just that. With our state and local funding in place for the permanent flood protection in Fargo-Moorhead, this project should be a strong candidate for the Corps’ new construction funding. Also, the permanent flood protection project in Fargo-Moorhead will be funded 55 percent by state and local sources in contrast with most projects that only have a 35 percent local share.
Through their honorable sacrifices and service to our nation, our veterans have earned the benefits they were promised, and accessible long-term care services near supportive family and friends are no exception. We need to do all we can to make sure that veterans can access the care they need without leaving their community, family and friends far behind. I am asking Secretary Gibson to ease the regulatory burdens our small, long-term care providers face when contracting with the VA, which will expand access and choice for veterans who need these services.
Congratulations to North Dakota native James Rosenquist whose work has been selected to appear in a nationwide outdoor art show featuring America’s top artists. 
Our state is now the fastest growing state in the nation, and while that growth brings tremendous opportunities, it also brings challenges. We need to invest in our roads, bridges, airports and other transportation infrastructure, so that our increasingly busy airports can safely and efficiently meet the travel needs of individuals coming to our state for business or pleasure.
North Dakota is the nation’s number one producer of honey. Honey bees also play a vitally important role in U.S. agriculture, pollinating over one hundred different types of crops. Through this new CRP pollinator initiative, farmers and ranchers can enhance current CRP land by providing better access to nutritious pollinator forage, which supports colony growth and honey production. 
There is broad agreement across a range of industries that these rules will impose unnecessary and burdensome new restrictions and requirements. The rules will add additional costs for farmers, ranchers, homeowners and businesses across North Dakota. The EPA needs to abandon this new layer of bureaucracy and provide clarity and certainty to those who rely on the land for their livelihoods and manage it with good stewardship.
SkyWest’s decision to add new flights in and out of Jamestown and Devils Lake stands as great news for these communities. Reliable jet service is important to the business community, the tourism industry and to the occasional traveler. Airports across North Dakota have seen increased demands and record boardings which is why we are glad to see expanded service at these airports to meet the needs of our people and growing economy.
Always enjoy seeing North Dakotans in Washington, D.C., and was glad to meet today with a great group of Medina High School students.
Enjoyed speaking with the North Dakota FFA students visiting Washington, D.C. to further their efforts to strengthen our state's ag industry.
Great meeting with the North Dakota students visiting Washington, D.C. for NRECA's Electric Cooperative Youth Tour
Today, the North Dakota Petroleum Council announced that our state has topped one million barrels of oil production a day. That is the collective achievement of many individuals and companies that have worked tirelessly for more than a decade to build this important industry in North Dakota. It is possible because we built a good business and regulatory environment to attract investment and innovation to the Bakken.
It’s only reasonable that the Corps give due weight to projects that have state and local funding in place and also cases where the locals are doing more. For example, in the case of the Fargo-Moorhead permanent flood protection project, the state and local share is 55 percent and the federal government pays for 45 percent. Contrast that with other projects where local funding is not in place and the federal government pays for 65 percent and the locals only pay for 35 percent.
Our airports are serving more and more travelers each year. We’re working to ensure that we invest in the infrastructure necessary to maintain the high quality of life we enjoy in North Dakota. This grant will help the Bismarck Airport to renovate its runway to meet our needs.
NA
“Our ranching families have worked their land as good stewards for generations, and their knowledge and input are vital to developing an appropriate management plan for our grasslands. I am urging Chief Tidwell to hold further meetings to respond to our ranchers’ objections, to find remedies to these disputes and to avoid a one-size-fits-all-approach when developing the grassland management plan.”
“We need to do all we can to ensure our veterans have access to health care services that meet their needs. This legislation will help to address problems at the VA that were recently brought to light and ensure that we’re providing our veterans with quality care in a timely manner. We still have to work with the House in conference to pass final legislation. That means there is still additional work to do to help ensure that veterans have access to care closer to home and on the underlying funding for the bill.”
Read more about North Dakota doubling its economic output in 11 years.
Enjoyed visiting today with high school students from Lisbon, Sawyer, and Enderlin.
North Dakota’s history is closely associated with the bison, largely because of the influence of President Teddy Roosevelt’s early visits to our state. His efforts to protect these majestic animals helped to retrieve them from the brink of extinction and established them as one of the most powerful and inspiring symbols of the American spirit, for Native Americans and settlers alike. I can think of no more noble an animal to name as the official mammal of the United States.
Had nice visit today with the Hopkins family following their tour of the U.s. Capitol.
The DOT grant to improve the runway at Bismarck Municipal Airport is another positive development in our ongoing work to address North Dakota’s infrastructure needs, especially our airports which have been growing at a rate that reflects our burgeoning economy and population.
“Developing infrastructure in western North Dakota remains a top priority as our communities continue growing at rapid rates. This USDA loan will help to build a much needed childcare facility to serve North Dakota families and will help us to maintain the high quality of life we expect in our state. This loan is an important example of how we are working to meet infrastructure needs and foster the services our residents’ need to support and raise their families.”
“We worked hard to pass a strong farm bill that provides our farmers and ranchers with good options for managing risk. I am asking Secretary Vilsack to use his authority to ensure that SCO is available to all of our eligible producers on time so they have the certainty they need to plan for the coming crop years.”
“We need to do all we can to ensure that growing communities across North Dakota, and especially in western North Dakota, have the support they need to maintain the high quality of life we expect. We’re working to ensure that we have affordable, quality housing for our families and that our law enforcement officials have the resources they need to keep our communities safe.”
“It is difficult to imagine now the horrific challenges our veterans of the Normandy invasion faced 70 years ago today. More than 160,000 allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy in the face of fierce German resistance, and more than 9,000 allied soldiers were killed or wounded during the course of the operation. Because of their courage and sacrifice, not only we in the United States, but our friends and allies in Europe are today a free and peaceful people.  "So on this special day, we thank and honor that greatest generation that gave so much to posterity, and especially those who landed on Normandy beach. They fought, they sacrificed and many of them died to ensure that we and our children could continue to live free."
“Both of these bills are about cutting red tape and making the federal permitting process more timely and efficient. With the pace of oil and gas development in North Dakota, we need field offices to help expedite the process and prevent delays that are costing us jobs and economic growth.”
Our state is now the fastest growing state in the nation, and while that growth brings tremendous opportunities, it also brings challenges. We’re working to ensure that we maintain the high quality of life North Dakotans expect. That includes investing in our roads, bridges, airports and other transportation infrastructure. This grant will help the Williston Airport to make necessary improvements to the taxiway to ensure that the many individuals flying in and out of Williston for business or pleasure are able to do so safely and efficiently.
Integrating UAS into our national airspace is a tremendous opportunity for our nation, and Grand Forks is leading the way. This legislation includes important funding and initiatives that will help to move forward work at test sites so we can safely integrate UAS into our national airspace and fly both manned and unmanned aircraft safely. We included provisions to help ensure we’re able to fly multiple UAS and manned aircraft at the same time, as well as a provision to accelerate FAA approvals for UAS to be used commercially.
“North Dakotans, whether they are farmers, sportsmen or conservationists, place a high value our land. These two programs help our farmers and ranchers protect our natural resources while also maintaining private ownership of the land, helping support the next generation of farmers and ranchers and providing more options as our producers plan the best use of their land. We worked hard to maintain these programs in the farm bill and to ensure that they have the flexibility our producers need.” 
“Rail safety begins with the rails, which means we need more inspectors, more inspections and more technology to monitor rail conditions and train movement. The measures we’re including in the T-HUD bill will help to prevent accidents in the first place, and to mitigate their impact when they do occur.”
Enjoyed chatting with some of the North Dakota 4-H members currently visiting Washington, D.C.
“While our briefing in Fargo last week indicated the VA medical center is keeping up with scheduling North Dakota vets for appointments, veterans in western North Dakota are still faced with long, time-consuming trips to Fargo for health care services that could be provided closer to home. The Veterans Choice Act will allow our veterans to access health care providers in their community when wait times are long or when access to a VA facility is difficult. The VA Management Accountability Act will ensure that VA senior officials have the authority to manage the system with the goal of delivering the very best care possible for our veterans.”
NA
NA
NA
NA
We have been working to develop a comprehensive approach to flood protection for the entire Red River Valley, including flood protection infrastructure. This new FEMA grant to improve Cass County’s Lake Shure Bridge is a part of that larger plan.
The Regional Conservation Partnership program is one part of a comprehensive plan to protect the Red River Valley. It gives us a tool to form effective partnerships between federal, local and private entities that will help us meet local conservation and flood protection objectives. These flood protection projects will address local flooding issues in our small and rural communities around the Red River Basin, and each one of these projects can provide additional flood protection benefits downstream all the way to Canada. Through this classification, we will now have more resources available to ensure that this important region of our state is properly protected.
We worked very hard to include these two important priorities for North Dakota in the new water resources development bill, addressing issues in both the east and the west of our state. Congress’s authorization this week for the Fargo-Moorhead diversion was critical because it enables us to now pursue federal construction funding to get the project started. The authorization can also trigger state and local funding for the project because that support was contingent on authorization and a federal appropriation. Now that we have authorization, we also need to make sure the Army Corps of Engineers takes a comprehensive approach to floods in the Red River Valley by addressing concerns regarding the upstream staging area.
Last week we were pleased to announce that the DOT had awarded grants totaling more than $17 million to improve five airports in key regions of North Dakota, and we are pleased to announce today that DOT is now awarding grants to improve airports in Watford City and Dunseith. We have been working hard to improve infrastructure across the states, and our airports have been especially impacted by increased demands of businesses and individuals who rely on these airports for travel and business. These grants are a positive step forward for North Dakotans.
We appreciate the hard work of Congressman Kevin Cramer and the House of Representatives in passing the WRRDA legislation today. This is another important step in approving this vital infrastructure legislation and we expect the Senate to take up the bill on Thursday. We worked very hard to include provisions important for our state in this bill, including authorization for permanent flood control for Fargo-Moorhead and our States’ Water Rights Act that blocks an unfair proposal by the Corps to charge a fee for access to water from Missouri River reservoirs.
We have worked hard on the committee to include strong water management and flood protection measures like the Water Bank program, as well as acre-for-acre mitigation, which will make conservation compliance much more farmer friendly. The measure also supports strong ag research, which is vital for our farmers and ranchers and a benefit to NDSU, which is a national leader.
We worked hard in the committee to address serious and ongoing concerns regarding health care for our veterans. That includes a provision to help veterans get quality care closer to home, which is more cost effective and convenient, as well as to address the chronic backlog in processing veterans’ health care claims.
We appreciate the tremendous investment Hess is making in North Dakota, which amounts to $1.5 billion not only for this expansion, but also for four new gas gathering projects the company expects to complete by the end of the year. This new expansion more than doubles the plant’s capacity to produce natural gas, more than triples the amount of propane available to North Dakota and the region, and at the same time significantly reduces flaring in the oil patch. That’s a huge win for our state and our country.
DOT’s decision to award more than $17 million to improve North Dakota’s airports reflects our ongoing efforts to improve infrastructure across North Dakota, especially in the rapidly growing western portion of our state that continues to see increased demand at airports. It remains imperative that we work to meet this increased demand with smart investments that will develop airports so they can meet the demands of the businesses and individuals who rely on these airports to further the work that is creating the tremendous economic growth we’re experiencing.
Grand Sky is a tremendous opportunity for the Grand Forks region and also for Northrop Grumman. The company continues to work closely with Grand Forks County, the Air Force and its other partners to build this one-of-a-kind facility that will establish the Grand Forks region as the premier northern hub for UAS operations and innovation.
Mikey and I are honored to join our fellow North Dakotans and Americans today in pausing to observe Peace Officers Memorial Day as a formal way of commemorating all of the fallen officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice while upholding justice and protecting our communities. Our nation’s peace officers serve with courage and dedication as they work each day to ensure we can continue to live in peaceful and safe communities. It is important that we recognize the sacrifice and service of all of our peace officers, and especially those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. Today our thoughts and prayers go out to the families, friends and colleagues of all of our nation’s fallen peace officers, and we hope today’s memorials serve as fitting tributes to the important legacies of all fallen peace officers.
We are all very proud, not only of our service men and women at MAFB, who serve skillfully and professionally, but also of the community that has been so supportive over the years. We are going to keep working in Washington to ensure that our airmen have the resources and support they need to carry out their missions, which are of vital importance to our national security and maintaining a credible nuclear deterrent.
Looking forward to hosting U.S. Forestry Chief Tom Tidwell to North Dakota to meet with our grazing associations and individual ranchers to discuss management practices for grazing and ranching on the Little Missouri National Grasslands, and specifically, using third party mediation when deciding management practices for grazing.
We’ve worked closely with United Airlines and Williston leaders to get expanded jet service to the region, and we appreciate the airline committing to expanding air service to western North Dakota. By providing access to Houston, another major United hub, these new flights will help meet the demand for expanded air service driven by a growing economy in western North Dakota.
We worked very hard to include these two important priorities for North Dakota in the new water resources development bill, and now the conferees appear to have reached an agreement. With authorization for permanent flood control in the Red River Valley we take a big step toward the construction phase of the project, and with inclusion of our States’ Water Rights Act, we block an unfair proposal by the Corps to charge a fee for access to water from Missouri River reservoirs.
Looking forward to participating in energy discussion starting around 11CT/12ET.  Stream live http://bit.ly/1sJ59K8
Looking forward to rooting for North Dakota native Kat Perkins tonight as she performs on The Voice.  Tune in to NBC tonight at 7CT. 
Central Power has received $29M loan guarantee from USDA to improve electric service in North Dakota.
It will take FEMA time to develop the new, lower rate tables required under the Flood Insurance Affordability Act, but in the meantime, the agency has taken a good step toward sparing homeowners and businesses the burden of the higher rates until they can complete implementation of the law.
NA
NA
In a Senate Ag Committee hearing today, I invited Secretary Vilsack to North Dakota. The secretary needs to hear firsthand from farmers and ranchers during the new farm bill’s implementation process to get their input. He also needs to hear their concerns about conservation compliance and the EPA’s proposed Waters of the United States rule, which could impose burdensome requirements on producers.
Good meeting today with North Dakotans Burt Pfiger and Burdell Johnson to discuss their ongoing work with American Sheep Industry.
Had good meeting today with the North Dakota Guaranty & Title Company.
Had productive meeting today with the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives.
Yesterday the Supreme Court agreed with our friend of the court brief in support of beginning public meetings with prayer.  This important decision upholds our Constitutional right to religious freedom.
Congratulations to Heidi Deplazes & Joanna Larson for being named North Dakota's Prudential Spirit of Community Award Honorees.  These two remarkable young women have completed wonderful acts of service, and we are proud they have received recognition for their accomplishments.
NA
Congratulations to  National Junior Firefighter of the Year Jennifer Schaefer!
Enjoyed speaking today with the talented actors and actresses with The Creative Coalition who stopped by office today to discuss the impact the arts have on our culture and economy.
The Keystone XL pipeline is a vital energy infrastructure project that the American people clearly favor. Congress needs to make a decision because the administration has delayed making its decision indefinitely. Our legislation acknowledges the vital national interest this project represents on many levels. It will create thousands of jobs, boost our economy, help to reduce our reliance on Middle Eastern oil and make our country more secure.
Enjoyed meeting today with some bright North Dakota high schoolers visiting Washington, D.C. to learn about our government.
Enjoyed visiting today with the great students, teachers, and staff at TGU Granville.  Many thanks to Kimi Ofsthun for inviting me to visit TGU.
“North Dakotans have a strong tradition of dedicated military service. These veterans and their families have made tremendous sacrifices serving our nation. Today we honor their service and present them with the medals they earned serving in the U.S Army.”
NA
NA
Had a productive meeting in Bismarck yesterday to discuss the impacts the new IRS repair expensing rules would have on North Dakotans.  Thanks to everyone who joined yesterday's discussion.
NA
NA
Many thanks to veterans Chris Adam, Tom Ryan, Dan Richmond, and everyone else who joined our VA roundtable today in Williston to continue our work to see that veterans living in western North Dakota have more access to health care services in their own communities.
NA
NA
NA
Read more about my Farm and Small Business Expensing Tax Relief Act that helps ease the burden of new IRS expensing regulations for farms and small businesses.   http://www.wdaz.com/event/article/id/23934/
Along with Sens. John McCain and John Barrasso, yesterday I observed a joint exercise with U.S., Latvian, and Estonian soldiers.
Starting today, North Dakota farmers and ranchers who suffered livestock losses can contact their local Farm Service Agency (FSA) office to sign up for the Livestock Indemnity Program (LIP).
Sen. John McCain and I have had productive meetings with the Norwegian Ministry of Petroleum and Energy.
“I am pleased to see that the Pentagon agrees with Congress, which made clear in legislation that it wants a robust ICBM force. ICBMs represent the cheapest form of nuclear deterrence while presenting any potential adversary with an overwhelming deterrent threat. For these reasons, it is clear that we need to retain all of our ICBM silos.”
NA
NA
NA
Great to see North Dakota natives & Olympic silver medalists Monique & Jocelyne Lamoureux.  You represent our state well!
Spirit Lake Tribal Chairman Leander R. McDonald testified at today’s Indian Affairs Committee in support of my Native American Children’s Safety Act.  This legislation would implement protections for Native American children placed by tribal courts into the tribal foster care system.   Read more about legislation: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/4/hoeven-indian-affairs-committee-holds-hearing-on-native-american-children-s-safety-act
Children, both on and off the reservation, deserve a safe home environment. The Native American Children’s Safety Act sets heightened standards for ensuring that homes are safe for Native American children in the foster care system. We appreciate Spirit Lake Chairman McDonald testifying in behalf of this important legislation that will help to protect children.
Enjoyed meeting today with three talented high schoolers from Wolford.
Our energy industry is creating good jobs to help get people back to work, and they can do even more. We can get our economy going and truly address our unemployment challenges with the right kind of pro-growth policies in place. The legislation we offered today will not only create good jobs for our people and grow our economy, but will help to boost energy production and make our nation more energy secure.
Always glad to meet with North Dakota high school students visiting Washington, D.C.
As we consider an extension of Unemployment Insurance benefits, we should also be considering measures that will actually address the problem by creating jobs for the long-term unemployed. Our energy legislation could help create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity. At the same time, expanding America’s energy supply with projects like the Keystone XL pipeline, combined with approval for increased LNG exports, will send a powerful signal to our friends and foes alike that America is both energy secure and that we stand firmly beside our allies in Ukraine and NATO.
Congratulations to UND men's hockey team on big win and advancement to Frozen Four!
“The safety of children on or off the reservation must be a priority for all of us. Our legislation puts in statute, without ambiguity and with respect to tribal customs and traditions, safeguards for vulnerable young people who through no fault of their own find themselves in need of care and compassion in foster care.”
More photos from today's meetings with North Dakota high school students studying in Washington.
I always enjoy meeting with students visiting Washington, D.C. to study our government, and today I was pleased to meet with several North Dakota high schoolers as they toured the Capitol.
 Seeing how Ukraine and the European Union are dependent on Russia for energy, our delegation saw firsthand the importance of energy security. Projects that boost North American energy production like the Keystone XL pipeline are a key not only to creating jobs and a dynamic economy, but also to keeping our nation and our people safe. The bottom line is – energy security is national security.
As we move into the spring season, I reminded Col. Leady of the utmost need to keep a close eye on the snowmelt in the Upper Missouri River Basin and to make sure he is doing all he can to prevent and prepare for potential flooding in the region. While the current forecast indicates we do not have a serious risk of spring flooding on the Missouri River because high levels of mountain snow are offset by very little snow on the plains, we know from past experiences that if we receive extensive rainfall on top of mountain snowmelt, flood risk can increase quickly. As such, it is imperative that Corps monitor the situation closely so we are well prepared for any potential flooding.
Congratulations to the North Dakota EMS Association 2014 Stars of Life!
Had good meeting today with Katie Vculek and Joshua Stustrud, two of our state's outstanding FAA leaders who are fine examples of why it's important to celebrate National Agriculture Day today. All of North Dakota's farmers and ranchers deserve our thanks, today and every day, for the important work they do.
North Dakota's economy continues to lead nation.  The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis has announced that North Dakota has the strongest personal income growth in country.  This is the sixth time in the past seven years that we have earned this distinction. 
Had good visit to Mandan this week where I toured the National Information Solutions Cooperative (NISC), a leading electrical industry software provider.
Enjoyed singing the school song yesterday while visiting Erik Ramstad Middle School!
This is another important step we’ve been pushing for to improve postal service in the Williston area. We brought Postmaster General Donahoe to North Dakota last year, and our postmaster in Williston suggested that a new facility in the northern part of town would greatly improve services for customers. During Donahoe’s visit, we looked at possible sites for a new facility. We’re grateful that Postmaster General Donahoe listened to our community’s concerns and is making this new facility a reality.
GO BISON! Congratulations to the NDSU men's basketball team on last night's exciting win in the NCAA Division I Tournament! 
“We’re rebuilding and making the Minot community even stronger than it was before the flood. Ramstad Middle School is a prime example of the progress we’re making. This new school stands as a symbol of the truly bright future that lies ahead for this community.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/3/hoeven-joins-minot-community-to-celebrate-opening-of-new-erik-ramstad-middle-school
We included language in the Defense bill to halt a Pentagon study designed to reduce the number of our ICBM missile silos. Today, the Pentagon officials put the study on hold. Updated Task Force 21 in Minot. Check it out. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/3/hoeven-updates-task-force-21-on-work-to-retain-missile-silos
Read my letter calling for cost of living adjustment for civilian federal employees working in Minot and western North Dakota. I am committed to fair pay for federal employees in Minot and throughout the western part of North Dakota. I have asked the Air Force to look for ways to increase compensation for its employees, and I understand that the Department of Defense is looking for ways to pay its civilians in the area on a competitive basis. I have also spoken to the head of the Office of Personnel Management on this issue. I hope the Federal Salary Council can make recommendations that will contribute to this effort.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/3/hoeven-calls-for-cost-of-living-adjustment-for-civilian-federal-workers-in-minot-and-western-north-dakota
Launching a bipartisan UAS Integration Working Group with Senator Warner to support the six unmanned aerial systems (UAS) test sites designated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to test UAS for integration into the National Air Space.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=6538a953-c634-43d7-aeac-e489989b22fd
We traveled to Ukraine not only to see what is happening on the ground, but also to ensure that we enact smart sanctions in a way that deters Russian aggression, but doesn’t hurt our economy or our allies. We need to use sanctions to deter Russia, but we want to make sure we help Ukraine and the European Union and that we don’t negatively affect North Dakota and other U.S. companies operating there. We have built an important trade relationship with Ukraine that not only benefits our economy, but provides much needed goods and services to the nation.
With Canadian #AmbDoer in Bismarck today to press for approval of the Keystone XL pipeline and strong trade partnership with Canada.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=a2cde8a4-5ace-4e9b-aaf4-abf27dcd3884
Innovative conservation programs like those being developed by NISC, use energy wisely, with multiple benefits, and are an important part of a comprehensive energy plan for the nation. They help rural electric cooperatives optimize their energy management and benefit the environment because they promote energy efficiency . That’s good for consumers and good for the country.
The Water Bank Program has proved to be a success in North Dakota, and these additional funds will help continue that success story for North Dakota farmers and ranchers who have been impacted by severe flooding. These resources will provide valuable assistance to help individual farmers and ranchers transform flooded lands into areas that will benefit wildlife in North Dakota. This, in turn, proves an effective flood control mechanism and will help local economies.
Happy to help North Dakota Association of Builders President Ken Callahan #gobald for the St. Baldricks fundraiser to help #ConquerKidsCancer
Congratulations to the UND Women's Basketball team on winning Big Sky Tournament and advancing to NCAA Basketball Tournament! 
Families and businesses have been especially hard hit throughout our state and region by this season’s long, cold winter. Passage of our bill will now give residents and businesses the certainty of knowing they will have enough propane to heat their homes and businesses till the end of this heating season, and the industry will be able to stock propane supplies for next year, as well.
Yesterday, Gen. James Jones told Senate Foreign Relations Committee that Keystone XL " litmus test of whether the U.S. is serious about national and global energy security. Approval of the pipeline would help ensure that North America becomes a global energy hub and a reliable energy source to the U.S and its allies." 
The bill we passed today achieves the important task of making sure flood insurance remains affordable and accessible to those who need it. Importantly, it also gives homeowners, businesses and communities the time they need to implement flood prevention measures that will help to keep their rates affordable in the future. With the inclusion of our amendment, the bill also makes sure people get credit for the work they’ve already done to protect their basements.
Accessing quality, affordable child care is a concern for many families across North Dakota and the nation. The Senate passed a strong, bipartisan bill today that will provide resources for working parents to find child care that works best for their children’s needs. 
Developing safe, affordable housing in Indian country is absolutely necessary to ensure the well-being of our tribes. These HUD funds will help build stronger communities as good housing options help foster success.
We are hopeful that lessons learned in 2011 will inform prudent decision-making on the part of the Corps. We believe that a greater level of engagement and information sharing by the Corps with states, tribes, local officials, and other federal agencies is critical to informing river management decisions, particularly under extreme conditions.
Congratulations to Danielle Finn, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, for being named one of five Champions for Change by the Center for Native American Youth.
“Our legislation is a good example of how we can produce more energy with better environmental stewardship by empowering states and tribes to develop their energy resources. It will create better environmental stewardship, and at the same time, move us closer to our long-sought goal of true energy independence.”
Congratulations to the NDSU Bison's men's basketball team on last night's big win, and best wishes as team prepares for the NCAA Tournament!
North Dakotans and I are rightly concerned about not only the safety of our communities, but also the reliability of rail transportation to carry people and goods in our rapidly growing economy. I again made the point that the company must work with producers and shippers to do all they can to keep our communities safe, our Amtrak trains running on schedule and our agricultural products moving to market.
We’ve been working for over a year to address issues related to the safe transport of crude oil, including tank car standards, appropriate speed limits, track inspections and improved communication technologies to avert collisions. We’ve made a great deal of progress, including new voluntary safety measures that the industry is implementing. However, our work is not yet done, and we will continue to engage all parties - federal regulators, railroads, shippers and communities along the tracks – to ensure we have the smartest, safest rail practices in place.
Watch part of my speech on Senate floor regarding the importance of creating a comprehensive national energy plan.
Instead of talking about energy policy here on the senate floor, let’s do it. Let’s start voting. Let's put solutions in place for the American people. We can produce more energy, create more jobs, grow our economy and grow our tax base so that we can reduce our debt and deficit without raising taxes. We can provide real energy security for our nation and do it with better environmental stewardship.
Had productive meeting today with Mayor Brown and Grand Forks City officials about a variety of timely issues impacting North Dakota, including rail safety.
Sexual assault is a heinous crime and needs to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, in the military as in civilian life. The legislation crafted by Senators McCaskill, Ayotte and Fischer gets to the heart of the problem, which is making it easier for victims to report sexual assault and harder for anyone to overturn a conviction. The McCaskill-Ayotte-Fischer legislation achieves both of these goals. 
Producing more oil and gas is creating jobs, helping to grow our economy and making our nation more secure, but there is a real need to build the infrastructure necessary to transport that energy safely. We need a comprehensive approach that both prevents derailments, and if a derailment occurs, that minimizes the risk of fire or explosion. Everybody has a role here – the railroads, the regulators and the shippers. We’ve got to work together to get this done.
Speaking now at rail safety hearing, stressing need to ensure safety of North Dakota communities along rail lines.  Watch hearing live here: http://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Home
Looking forward to our hearing today on rail transportation safety. You can watch beginning at 10am CT here: http://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=Home  
“This will bring total funding for the project to $40 million, which will enable the Corps to complete the project engineering and design phase. Also, we have included authorization for the project in the Water Resources and Development Act. Our challenge now is to secure funding for Fiscal Year 2015, which will be difficult because the president did not include it in his budget. However, I will work through the Appropriations Committee process to try and secure funding for the Corps to include in its work plan.”
Great visit with North Dakota school nutritionists- it was great to working together on our Sensible School Lunch Act to provide needed flexibility in school nutrition programs & now on sodium issue.
We want Administrator McCarthy to see the remarkable progress we’ve made with our true all-of-the-above approach to energy development by deploying new technologies that are producing more energy with better environmental stewardship. I have asked her before, and asked her again today, to work with us to do for America what we did for North Dakota. With sensible regulations and regulatory certainty, America’s energy industry can achieve the long-sought, long-elusive goal of true energy security for our nation – but we need the cooperation and willingness of the EPA to get there.
North Dakota’s growing economy and population make reliable rail service essential for both residents and businesses. We’re pleased that Amtrak service is returning to normal and continue to press BNSF to resolve the challenges still faced by agricultural shippers.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/2/hoeven-amtrak-to-begin-normal-operations-saturday
Enjoyed meeting today with the North Dakota families visiting Washington, D.C. along with the National Down Syndrome Society.
"Today’s Inspector General report makes clear that the Department of State did not violate its conflict of interest procedures in selecting ERM to conduct its environmental review of the Keystone XL pipeline project. The report affirms that the findings of the EIS, specifically its finding of no significant impact on the environment, are sound and impartial.  “With this development, the path should be clear for the State Department to issue an affirmative national interest determination based on the merit and importance of this much-needed energy infrastructure project for the nation.  “After more than five years, and five exhaustive environmental reviews, the Keystone XL pipeline project is perhaps the most thoroughly studied and long-delayed project of its kind in U.S. history. The Keystone XL pipeline will create thousands of jobs, boost revenues to help address our deficit and debt, and move the United States one step closer to North American energy independence. The President should approve the Keystone pipeline without further delay."
“This is great news for western North Dakota. We have been working to improve postal service in western North Dakota and this agreement will help do that by recruiting and retaining more carriers in Williston and beyond."
Compelling doctors to predict at the outset that a patient needs to stay in the hospital no longer than 96 hours could result in patients being release before they are fully treated, and then being readmitted because they didn’t get the care they needed in the first place. Doctors need to have the flexibility to do what is in the best interest of their patients.
We are proud to welcome Bethany Berntson and Tyler Toepke-Floyd to our nation’s capital as they participate in the prestigious United States Senate Youth Program. Bethany and Tyler represent two of North Dakota’s brightest and most accomplished high school students. We know they will represent our state well as they meet with peers from across the country to further their understanding of our  government while also cultivating the skills that will help propel their success as our state’s and country’s future leaders.
“In light of recent rail accidents around the country, we urged regulators, shippers and railroads to take these commonsense steps in short order to make the transportation of crude oil by rail safer for employees, customers and, importantly, for the communities through which they travel. This is a shared responsibility, and I commend both the industry and Secretary Foxx for responding to our concerns." 
The Internet has opened our access to the world in exciting and unprecedented ways. This is a good thing, enabling Americans – and especially our students – to become more informed and better educated. While increased access to the web is important and beneficial, we have a responsibility to make sure students have the knowledge needed to use the Internet in a safe way. Programs like Google’s Roadshow serve as valuable resources to help students get the most out of online resources while staying out of danger.
Having a productive meeting today in Grafton to help advance a flood protection plan for the city.
We’re meeting today to help provide peace of mind for the people of Grafton and reduce the costs and risks they currently face. It was clear that after meeting with Mayor West and city officials that we needed to bring together all the stakeholders to build a plan and bring it into action. The residents of this city have worked hard to protect their community, and they deserve a long-term solution.
Clean and abundant water for both residential and business uses is fundamental to any community, which is why the work you do across North Dakota to improve the quality of our rural water supply is so important. I remain committed to working on the Senate Appropriations Committee and with your organization to see that the federal government is pulling with you to ensure that that the water needs of rural North Dakota continue to be met. 
This morning I had a great visit with Fargo's Ben Franklin middle schoolers. I joined Google to put on a presentation about Internet safety.  Check out Google's five key tips for safe and secure web use.
The Internet has opened our access to the world in exciting and unprecedented ways. This is a good thing, enabling Americans – and especially our students – to become more informed and better educated. While increased access to the web is important and beneficial, we have a responsibility to make sure students have the knowledge needed to use the Internet in a safe way. Programs like Google’s Roadshow serve as valuable resources to help students get the most out of online resources while staying out of danger.
DC's experiencing a major snow storm today.  While the weather feels a bit like home, it's no challenge for my crew.  My office is open for business.
I am always happy to welcome young adults to intern in my Washington, D.C. and state offices.  Individuals interested in interning this summer should submit an application by this Saturday, February 15.  Find application details on my website. 
Today we passed a bill to ensure our retired military servicemembers receive the benefits that they have earned. This bill restores the full cost-of-living-adjustments for our military and will now go to the President's desk for his signature. Supporting the great men and women who wear the uniform and serve this nation remains a top priority.
I voted against the legislation to increase our debt ceiling today because it did not include savings or reforms to address the deficit and debt. The national debt has grown to $17.2 trillion, and we need to reduce it for the sake of our country today and for the well-being of future generations.
North Dakota remains an economic bright spot in the nation. A new Gallup study shows we lead in job creation for fifth straight year.
I opposed this provision in the budget, and I have co-sponsored legislation to fix it – meaning fully reinstating the COLA for our military retirees. The bill we are considering today – and will be voting on later today – fixes the COLA problem. That’s good. That’s what we want to do. That’s what I believe the vast majority of the members in this body want to do. We should pass this bill, and I believe we will.
BNSF has committed to large investments in resources and people to meet North Dakota’s growing needs. The challenge is to meet these needs as soon as possible, and they have committed to add 125 locomotives and more people right away, as well as providing weekly updates on the web as to their service progress. We also called on BNSF to make sure Amtrak customers have a reliable schedule and reasonable service. We will continue to work with BNSF and its North Dakota customers until the situation improves.
Go Team USA!  North Dakota's Monique and Jocelyne Lamoureux lead the Women's Hockey team to another win!  We're very proud to have Monique and Jocelyne represent our state, and we wish them, as them and the entire Team USA, good luck as they continue competing in Sochi.
This year’s flood risks in the Fargo-Moorhead area reflect the continued need for permanent flood protection, which is why I continue to press the Corps and the Administration for the funding necessary to ensure permanent flood protection. I believe we’ll get an amount similar to the fund the Corps allocated last year, which is good for the families and businesses in the Fargo-Moorhead area who have repeatedly mounted a flood fight during the past several years. It should be clear to everyone that we cannot afford to delay funding this important project.
The farm bill that was signed into law today is important not only for our farmers and ranchers, but for every American who benefits from the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world. We worked hard to get a long-term bill that provides our farmers with good options for managing risk with strengthened crop insurance, strong support for our livestock producers, while at the same time saving $23 billion dollars. Agriculture supports 16 million jobs across this country and our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job providing food, fuel and fiber for our nation. 
Homes, businesses, and farms desperately need propane, and the shortage threatens the safety of families and the financial stability of farms and businesses. We urge you to ensure the ongoing engagement of all relevant agencies, including the Department of Agriculture, Department of Health and Human Services, the Small Business Administration, and others. We look forward to working with you to advance solutions to alleviate this propane shortage. 
The farm bill is one of the most important bills Congress passes, with the need to balance the interests of America’s tremendous agricultural industry. Our bill will ensure that Americans continue to enjoy the most diverse, affordable and high quality food, fuel and fiber products in the world. It’s is a win for the nation’s agricultural producers, who now have the certainty to plan for the future, a win for the 16 million people working in the industry and a big win for American consumers.
Watch a portion of the press conference I led today urging the Administration to approve the Keystone XL pipeline today. 
The Administration has spent more than five years studying this project, and five environmental impact statements have each found that the Keystone XL pipeline poses no significant risk to the environment. It’s past time for the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. We need the jobs, the economic benefits and the energy security this pipeline will help provide. Keystone XL is in our national interest, and the President should approve it today. 
The U.S. State Department’s final EIS released today is a step forward in that it poses no reason for President Obama to deny approval of the Keystone XL pipeline project. Although not explicit, this finding is consistent with four previous findings that affirm the need to begin construction without delay. 
Had a good meeting with ag groups in Fargo this morning. We're discussing progress this week to pass a long-term farm bill that provides our farmers and ranchers with the tools they need to run their operations.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-holds-roundtable-with-north-dakota-ag-groups-to-discuss-farm-bill-progress
Yesterday I questioned Continental Resources CEO Harold Hamm during a Senate Energy Committee hearing on the best ways for the federal government to help industry produce the energy necessary for our nation to become energy independent.  Watch video of our conversation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxmVTSB7-I0&feature=youtu.be  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-hamm-talk-energy-independence-crude-transportation-safety-energy-infrastructure
Thanks to the National Association of Wheat Growers for award. Enjoyed speaking with you today about continued progress of Farm Bill and its positive provisions for North Dakota producers.
MDU’s Dakota Pipeline and energy infrastructure like it will help us capture more gas, reduce flaring, and provide North Dakotans with an additional margin of safety during very cold weather. Not only North Dakota, but the entire nation needs that kind of energy security and reliability.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-mdu-resources-new-pipeline-the-kind-of-energy-infrastructure-america-needs 
The decision to release more LIHEAP funding to North Dakota is a significant and positive development for many of our state’s residents, especially our reservations. This winter’s harsh weather conditions and propane shortages have created considerable financial burdens for many families trying to heat their homes, and the additional allocation of LIHEAP dollars will help ensure that North Dakotans can pay their energy bill and stay warm.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-welcomes-hhs-decision-to-provide-3-4-million-in-energy-assistance-to-north-dakotans-facing-cold-weather-propane-shortages
A home or a business is one of a person’s most valued possessions, which is why families and businesses need reliable and affordable flood insurance rates. It is very important that we have affordable flood insurance, not only for all North Dakotans, but for all Americans. The bill we’ve just passed works to maintain reasonable premium rates, and with the inclusion of our amendment, also makes sure people get credit for the work they’ve already done to protect their basements.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-senate-passes-legislation-preventing-flood-insurance-rate-increases
Had great discussion today with retired soldier Eric Marts.  Eric is a true American hero who is doing tremendous work on behalf of our nation's veterans.  Having the chance to speak with him is always an honor.
House passage of the federal five-year compromise farm bill today is good for our farmers and ranchers and good for American consumers. As a member of the farm bill conference committee, I worked with the conferees to come up with a compromise bill that could gain support in both the House and the Senate, as well as with Republicans and Democrats. The measure passed the House with a strong bipartisan majority of 251 to 166, with Republicans voting 162 in favor and 63 against and Democrats voting 89 in favor and 103 against. The measure now goes to the Senate for final passage.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-statement-on-house-passage-of-the-five-year-farm-bill
Had productive meeting today with NTSB to see axle from Casselton derailment and discuss ongoing investigation as we continue working to improve rail safety and prevent future accidents.
Enjoyed speaking this morning at The Atlantic and National Journal 12th annual State of the Union Congressional Debrief.  We discussed need to harness the potential of our energy's vast energy resources, as we're successfully doing in North Dakota, starting with the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
We need to do all we can to ensure that our communities have the propane supplies they need, especially with the extremely cold temperatures we’ve been experiencing. This emergency declaration will help alleviate some of the strains being placed on our propane supplies and help to ensure that during these cold winter months, we have the fuel to heat our homes and businesses.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-fmcsa-grants-waiver-from-hours-of-service-regulations-for-nd-to-help-address-propane-shortage
This legislation is about fairness and affordability. It prevents FEMA from unfairly increasing flood insurance rates on North Dakotans and Americans. The legislation includes our Flood Safe Basements Act to ensure that communities are able to continue using floodproofed basement credits. We need affordable and fair flood insurance premiums. We need to get this done.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-bill-preventing-flood-insurance-rate-hikes-moves-to-senate-floor-hoeven-continues-push-for-passage
Signed Farm Bill Conference Report this afternoon. This is an important step forward to passing long-term, comprehensive Farm Bill.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f6a74911-ae82-4549-985a-d1c13869402e
Tune in to CNN tonight at 5:30CT/6:30ET.  I'll be on Crossfire discussing tomorrow's State of the Union address.    Join the debate by using #Crossfire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Postponement of the Minot processing center’s closure will give us additional time to make our case, which is that the logistical and service problems resulting from closure will have a harmful impact on residents and businesses. The rapid growth of the entire region’s economy and population warrants retaining the postal processing center. Further, while progress has been made in general service to western North Dakota, significant challenges remain and need to be addressed. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=2626ed3b-ed01-4f31-b179-557e2fc912e6
Please join me in wishing the North Dakota National Guard a happy birthday!  The outstanding men and women who make up our Guard are second to none.
We need to do all we can to ensure that our communities have the propane supplies they need, especially with the extremely cold temperatures we’ve been experiencing. An emergency declaration would help alleviate some of the strains being placed on our propane supplies and help to ensure that during these cold winter months we have the oil to heat our homes and businesses. We’ll continue doing what we can to address propane shortages across our state.
Enjoyed speaking today with Mandan Middle School students about improvements to our school lunch programs.
“The Casselton derailment has highlighted the need for improved rail inspections as one part of a comprehensive plan to improve rail safety for our communities. We are working with all responsible agencies, as well as the industry, to make sure that we advance the effort. The FRA’s rule change is a good step forward as we continue to press for the smart, long-term measures that will improve rail safety, including the need to advance long-overdue standards for building new tank cars with greater safety features."  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-federal-railway-administration-strengthens-inspection-standards-procedures
In advance of President Obama’s State of the Union Address, I led a letter signed by all Republican Senators pressing President Obama to deliver an answer on the Keystone XL pipeline. 
Great to be with students and school officials at Century Elementary in Grand Forks today to talk about new, permanent flexibility in school lunch programs. Read more here: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=79598bc4-89b0-485e-be23-7ea68fb58e23
Briefed Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James about legislation we've introduced to fix the reduction in the military retiree cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA) that was included in the recent budget agreement. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-briefs-air-force-sec-james-on-his-legislation-to-fix-military-pension-cola-reductions
We wanted Air Force Secretary James to see the critical role that Minot Air Force base plays in our nation’s defense and how important it is that they have the infrastructure and resources they need to fulfill their missions for our country’s security. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-highlights-minot-air-base-s-critical-defense-role-in-minot-meeting-with-new-air-force-secretary-james
Go Bison!
 
 Read Senate resolution commending team's championship win: http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/z?c113:S.RES.332.ATS:/
At Fargodome this afternoon to present Senate resolution to championship Bison.  Honored to join the many fans and alumni who comprise Bison Nation in extending my congratulations to everyone who has lent to this team’s success.  Go Bison!  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-presents-ndsu-football-team-with-senate-resolution-to-honor-championship-season
“We have worked hard in North Dakota to diversify and grow our economy, and it shows. The eastern part of our state is leading in technology, just as the west leads in energy development, with agriculture as our solid, ever-growing foundation. By making the right investments, forging partnerships between our research institutions and private industry and creating a legal, tax and regulatory environment that supports innovation and entrepreneurship, we have helped make our state a dynamic competitor in the high-tech sector. Through this new addition, NDSU and its partners will be able to continue that growth through products such as next generation printable and flexible electronics, coatings for solar cells, energy storage and battery products and production of chemical feedstocks from renewable crop oils.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=01c74c00-2aa6-4e61-8f40-c9285760d5a7
A resolution passed in the U.S. Senate makes our support for the championship winning Bison a matter of historical record.  Go Bison!  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=01c65d92-bb61-4a86-ae04-638c313546a7
“Today, we met with regulators, railroad industry and oil industry leaders to address moving crude oil by rail as safely as possible. The goal is to minimize the risk of derailments and prevent fires or explosions if a derailment occurs. The approach needs to be comprehensive and collaborative, and all three groups need to be part of the solution.”  
“We have substantially reduced federal discretionary spending to address our deficit and debt, and at the same time, set priorities for North Dakota and the American people. This bill makes our nation’s military stronger, our communities safer and our farmers and ranchers more productive, while reducing our spending to pre-2008 levels.”
“Our bill is a sensible measure that not only fixes the COLA reduction for military retirees that was in the budget, but also fully pays for it,” Senator Hoeven said. “In addition, it also pays for the extension in Unemployment Insurance benefits to ensure that we don't increase the nation’s deficit or debt.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hoeven-heller-colleagues-introduce-bill-to-fix-military-pension-cola-reductions
Canada is one of our greatest friends and allies. Working together, we can build a brighter energy future for both our nations, but we need to act. We need the President to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. We’re going on six years now that the American and Canadian people have been waiting for an answer on whether the U.S. government will allow the Keystone XL pipeline to be built. The time for review is over. It is well past time for a ‘yes’ on this important project.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=82244f30-a306-4901-aa25-41c8a5085173
Spoke at a press conference yesterday with Senator Ayotte and others about our plan to restore veterans COLAs. Disappointed that Sen. Reid wouldn’t allow a vote on our plan.
Introduced the Driver Privacy Act to ensure data stored in your car belongs to you. As governor, I signed this into North Dakota law, now we need to ensure these common sense protections nationwide.
“North Dakota’s two air bases have long served an important role defending our nation’s security, and maintaining the strength of these bases remains a top priority. The bipartisan omnibus bill includes important provisions that will help maintain the important work taking place in Grand Forks and Minot.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=74683f09-1203-4b96-b42f-cc95d18ddef2
Thanks to the North Dakota National Guard's 188th for showing me their mission this morning. The skies over our nation’s capital are in good hands with the 188th. They’re doing a tremendous job, working around the clock to ensure that Washington, DC is safe. North Dakota is well represented by these men and women and we are extremely grateful for their service.
Had great evening spending time with the outstanding members of the North Dakota National Guard's 188th who are currently serving in Washington, D.C.  Many thanks to each of these soldiers and their families for the important work they do.
Looking forward to honoring the North Dakota National Guard's 188th at a reception tonight. These men and women are doing a tremendous job serving in our nation's capital.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c4b008cb-07e9-44ad-bb50-b45a594f4b39
The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act has gained real momentum, so we’re pushing to get it to the floor, where I believe it has more than the 60 votes necessary to pass. North Dakotans and those in similar circumstances across the country need fair and affordable flood insurance rates. This bipartisan legislation requires FEMA to complete an affordability study to ensure premiums are affordable for hard working families and businesses. Importantly, a key provision in the legislation is our legislation that makes sure communities in North Dakota and across the country are able to continue using floodproofed basement credits to determine their premiums.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f6ef1097-2a23-4023-9c64-9394476df338
For the third year in a row, the NDSU Bison have shown their mettle with another great season and championship win. The Tigers played a spirited game, but the Bison offense and defense were unstoppable. Congratulations and best wishes to Coach Bohl, who coached his last game with Bison today, as well as Athletics Director Gene Taylor and NDSU President Dean Bresciani for their leadership at NDSU. And a special thank you to the Bison players, who once again performed with consummate skill and style. We also want to thank Coach Rob Ambrose and the Towson players for playing with their hearts to the very last play of the game. Mikey and I celebrating with Bison fans after the game in Frisco. The mood is electric..... Go Bison!
Mikey and I had a great time in Frisco, seeing old friends & cheering on the #GoBison #NDSUFrisco
While it’s a blessing that no one was hurt in this accident, we must now work with the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), industry and leaders on all levels to get to the root cause of this week’s derailment. We also need to rigorously review ways that shipping petroleum products by rail can be improved for safety. For instance, it will be important to identify which products can be shipped in which railcars for maximum safety until newer cars come online. At the same time, we must advance long-overdue rules for building new tankers with enhanced safety features as soon as possible.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=0dd31e19-e442-4380-94fa-9c62ae29c51f
"USDA made the permanent changes we have been seeking to the School Lunch Program. A one-size-fits-all approach to school lunch left students hungry and school districts frustrated with the additional expense, paperwork and nutritional research necessary to meet federal requirements. These are exactly the changes included in our Sensible School Lunch Act.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=4d259652-5be8-4e16-92a3-8e84365f739b
Congrats to ND! We have a record high of 723,393 people this year, up every year since 2004 - 78,000 total! We're a dynamic, growing state!
Great to be in Grand Forks, the premier hub for UAS, to celebrate its selection by FAA as one of six national test sites!
"We’ve said all along that Grand Forks is an ideal location to test UAS integration, and now the FAA has agreed with us. This test site designation, combined with Grand Sky, the Grand Forks region’s new aerospace technology and business complex on Grand Forks Air Force Base, is tremendously important and enables the entire region to advance the work it has been doing to become the premier northern hub for unmanned aerial systems. As a test site, Grand Forks will be integral in developing the future commercial use of UAS for our nation and the world.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=e775431b-bf47-4ba9-9363-e4912b854e56
“This legislation is about helping to cut red tape and making the federal permitting process more timely and efficient. Right now, it takes about 180 to 270 days to permit an oil well on BLM land in North Dakota, compared to about ten days on private lands. There are currently about 525 permits awaiting approval. This will help us to alleviate the backlog and other delays that are costing us jobs and economic growth. The BLM Streamlining Act will help us to achieve our goal of true energy independence.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=af5ad287-a6be-4e1c-b57e-b1ca724b964f
“Today, I joined a bipartisan majority in the U.S. Senate to pass the National Defense Authorization Act. This legislation includes important provisions for our troops, including increased pay, and measures to address sexual assault in the military. It also contains measures important to our bases including the authorization of three new military construction projects at Minot Air Force Base, language that protects and upgrades the B-52 fleet at Minot, and a provision that prevents the retirement of the Global Hawk Block 30 unmanned aircraft.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=344ba724-2b97-46da-90ab-d6b5a0a36d59
“Today, almost 70 years after Anton Tuhy answered the call to serve, we pay tribute to him for his service in the U.S. Army during World War II. Anton is part of America’s greatest generation, a group of men and women who sacrificed so much to defend our way of life and our values. It is an honor to present Private First Class Tuhy with the medals he so valiantly earned.” 
 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=6727910f-a449-4f29-830e-3b9a09c1c860
Presented Sharon Maier with her Angel in Adoption award today. Sharon has devoted her life to advocating on behalf of North Dakota’s adoptive children and families, and her efforts have left an indelible impact on hundreds of families who have benefited directly from her dedication, knowledge and loving heart. Sharon’s good work reflects the core values of our state, and she is truly an Angel in Adoption. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=7c405959-452b-40f2-af6c-b7fe4eacca16
“North Dakota’s telecoms have helped to bring our state into the 21st Century. Education, economic development, modern entertainment – all depend on the robust broadband and other service that our telecoms provide. That’s important because the information-based global economy is breaking down barriers of distance, enabling rural states like North Dakota to compete in the global marketplace like never before. That’s why what you do for our state is so vital, and why it’s critical to make sure the rules in Washington work for you and your members.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=896f0882-c78c-4f75-960f-26551c03f182
Was honored to join the Jamestown community today at a ceremony to congratulate Gussner Elementary on being named a Blue Ribbon School. Congratulations also to ND's two other 2013 Blue Ribbon Schools: Edgeley Public School and Wyndmere Elementary School.
 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c5f2a478-2d40-455b-b628-43d0fa0f2ccb
“Philip left his home in North Dakota to serve our country during a time of war. These medals, while belated in their presentation, are a token of our nation’s appreciation and our sincere gratitude for his service. We are proud of our veterans and the enormous contributions they made in defending our nation and our way of life.”    http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=ce3a778a-641d-436a-8165-c4f4dc49afe9
In 1789, President George Washington issued a proclamation declaring November 26 a day of “sincere and humble thanks.” In 1863, with the Civil War raging, President Abraham Lincoln issued a presidential proclamation setting aside the last Thursday of November “as a day of Thanksgiving,” making the celebration a national holiday. Since her founding, our nation has known the importance of gratitude.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=e2cb259f-5a88-41dd-a30d-176a3dec9fb8
I am pleased to have Drew Aliperto meet with Williston area community leaders to provide an update about the ongoing steps USPS is taking to meet the changing postal needs in western North Dakota. The region’s unprecedented growth has created a variety of challenges for local post offices and customers, and we appreciate USPS’ continued efforts to work directly with our state through forums like today’s roundtable so we can enact effective plans to improve service in the oil patch.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=2751e014-6d6c-4246-bf7c-04e33727e4da
Gussner Elementary in Jamestown is one of the three North Dakota schools to be named a Blue Ribbon School this year. This afternoon I was glad to extend my congratulations to two of the school's teachers as well as the school district's superintendent.
Congratulations to the three North Dakota schools that have earned the prestigious Blue Ribbon School distinction from the Department of Education.  
 
 Today I was honored to congratulate several Edgeley Public School teachers as they traveled to Washington, D.C. to receive formal recognition for their school’s achievement.
Many men grow mustaches each November in honor of Movember, a movement designed to increase awareness about men’s health issues.  In recognition of Movember, I recently sat down with the Washington Post to talk about this worthy cause.   Check out the video, and see if you can answer the trivia question posed during the interview: http://www.washingtonpost.com/posttv/video/inplay/pk-trivia-movember-edition/2013/11/12/06668f50-4be7-11e3-9890-a1e0997fb0c0_video.html
Yesterday North Dakotans marked Veterans Day at ceremonies held across the state, and I feel privileged to have joined the Fargo community at the Civic Center to celebrate, remember, and honor the sacrifices of our veterans and their families.
The North Dakota Stockmen’s Association and the North Dakota Stockmen’s Foundation announced they have allocated $10,000 to begin the Stockmen’s Aid for Atlas Disaster Relief Fund to provide assistance to the ND rancher who suffered catastrophic losses during last month’s blizzard.  Call (701) 223-2522 or visit www.ndstockmen.org to learn more about this initiative.
Many thanks to everyone who helped christen the USS North Dakota on Saturday.  The ceremony was a fitting way to mark our state's 124th birthday and honor all of the fine North Dakotans who have served our state and country.
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=9c7bea10-fc20-402c-86ed-b04d23c8ddf8
Happy birthday North Dakota!
Tomorrow we celebrate North Dakota's 124th birthday.  I am looking forward to marking this important milestone at a ceremony to christen the USS North Dakota, a new submarine named for our great state.  We have much to be proud of as we honor our rich history and bright future. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=0b63857b-5324-4c3d-9dc6-035d7449514d
My grandson, Crew, inadvertently found me on C-Span while pushing buttons on the remote. This was his reaction when my daughter told him they should watch grandpa instead of Sesame Street.
“FEMA’s disaster declaration will provide much-needed assistance to the seven counties that have suffered significant damages during the severe winter storm that occurred earlier this month,” the delegation said in a joint statement. “These funds will prove especially impactful for our state’s rural cooperatives that incurred considerable costs trying to restore power and repair infrastructure damage caused by the storm.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=268ef870-eea6-4572-bc2a-350eb454a33a
Grateful to welcome another talented group of interns to my Washington, D.C. office this fall. They're bringing a lot of energy and skill to the work they are doing.
 
 We are always looking to welcome talented individuals to intern in my DC and state offices. Applications and informatoin available through my website. 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/internships
“We need to make a strong, long-term farm bill our number-one priority this fall so that by the end of year our producers will have the confidence and tools they need to plan for next year’s growing season. They need to know they have a market-based safety net to deal with volatile markets and weather, and the American people need to know that the nation’s farmers and ranchers can continue to provide them with the highest quality, most affordable food supply in the world.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=01e55a49-5a8d-492b-ac82-81af4ca0c328
Congratulations to MSU freshman and Minot native Chloe Ondracek who was chosen by the Council on Undergraduate Research to give a presentation at a conference held in Arlington, VA.  Chloe is a very talented student, and I enjoyed meeting with her and her mother, Dr. Pam Ondracek, today.
Spoke at a press conference today about bipartisan legislation we're introducing to prevent flood insurance rate hikes. North Dakotans need fair and affordable flood insurance rates. This bipartisan legislation ensures that FEMA completes an affordability study to ensure flood insurance premiums are affordable. It also includes an important provision that ensures communities in North Dakota and across the country are able to continue using floodproofed basement credits to determine their premiums. We need to make certain that we have affordable flood insurance that works for our communities.
  
 Click the following link to learn more: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c0467e7b-f943-4198-9516-0910460a22f2
On this Day of the Deployed, we honor our deployed service members and their families. We are grateful for these brave Americans and their families and thank them for the many sacrifices they make to keep our country free.
North Dakota ranchers seeking assistance can visit my website, or contact my office, to obtain some useful information about available resources.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/help-for-north-dakota-ranchers
“Our service members deployed on missions around the world are making tremendous sacrifices defending our freedoms and our way of life,” said Hoeven. “The Day of the Deployed is a national effort to show our support for our deployed service members and their families and to honor their service. We hope that Americans will join with us to honor these brave American families and pay tribute to them on October 26.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=1fd15b5e-91c1-44a8-bbf6-4503d3d86ad4
“In an increasingly data driven world, we need to be sure that whatever government does it respects the privacy of every individual. EDRs can serve a useful function by helping to make cars and streets safer, but access to the data should be treated as personal except under very specific circumstances. Our bill makes clear what those circumstances are.”
“Earlier this year, I voted to repeal Obamacare, and today in an effort to stop its implementation, I voted to retain a provision in the continuing resolution before the U.S. Senate that defunds it. Despite Obamacare’s broad unpopularity with the American people, Harry Reid and a Democrat majority were able to strip out the defunding measure because not a single Democrat stood with Republicans to retain the defunding provision.   “The continuing resolution now goes to the House, where we will continue the effort to defund or delay Obamacare while passing a measure that prevents a shutdown and continues to fund government at the Budget Control Act level to address our deficit. In the House, there will be additional opportunities to add amendments that could strike onerous parts of the law, such as the medical device tax.   “Democrats need to join with us, in a bipartisan way, and the American people to repeal Obamacare and replace it with health care reform that empowers people to choose their own doctor and health insurance plan. We want measures like tort reform, health care savings accounts and more competition across state lines in the health insurance marketplace that will bring down the cost of health care and make it affordable for all.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=dae8e1fb-0c0d-4ebc-a9be-6bb465147476
Congratulations and thanks to Ned Clooten and Kevin Hoherz, North Dakota’s principals of the year.
The Keystone XL pipeline project will create tens of thousands of jobs, boost our economy, help reduce our dependence on Middle Eastern oil and raise billions of dollars in revenues to address our nation’s deficit and debt. North American oil and gas production is burgeoning, driven by a revolution in new technologies that are producing more energy with better environmental stewardship than ever before and it’s happening right here at home. Every concern has been reasonably answered, and it’s time for economic reality, common sense and the will of the people to prevail. It’s time to approve the Keystone XL pipeline project. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=0a50cb24-c80c-4766-b6e9-29940d78538c
Had good conversation this morning with UND student Hannah Bahnmiller who is visiting Washington, D.C. to highlight a service project she is working on to promote educational opportunities and combat illiteracy.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Navy Yard shooting victims and their loved ones. Thanks to the brave law enforcement and first responders on scene.
“This measure is structured as a joint resolution, putting both the House and the Senate on record that the Keystone XL pipeline project is in the national interest. If Congress can find it in the national interest using the abundance of favorable information that has accumulated over five years on the project, then surely the president can too. Add recent events in Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East to Congress’ support, and it is clear that the United States should seize the opportunity to band with its closest neighbor and ally, Canada, to ensure true North American energy independence. What could be more in the national interest?”
On Sept. 11, we hosted the North Dakota National Guard 1st Battalion, 188th Air Defense Artillery Regimen at a reception in the Russell Senate Office Building. In April, the 188th deployed to the nation’s capital in support of Operation Noble Eagle and serves as part of the integrated air defense system designed to protect the airspace around the National Capitol Region. The NDNG is the best in the nation and we are grateful for their service.
NA
"This marks the fourth delay of the Keystone XL project since 2011, when the State Department issued its final EIS finding no significant environmental impact and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton informed me that the agency expected to make a decision by December of that year. This tactic of delay and deferral must stop. It is depriving America of jobs, hurting the American economy and hurting the American people.”
“We welcome Administrator Willis back to North Dakota today to hear from our state’s agriculture leaders. We’ve been working to get the RMA to make changes so our producers have clear and workable rules to qualify for the prevented planting program. North Dakota producers faced unnecessary hurdles and ambiguity in the program this year. We’ve been working to provide the necessary clarifications and modifications to ensure that prevented planting provides the necessary coverage for our producers.”
We encourage eligible North Dakota high school students to apply to participate in the historic and prestigious United States Senate Youth Program that is held each year in Washington, D.C. This program offers two of North Dakota’s brightest students the unique opportunity to represent our state as they meet with their peers from across the country to gain a firsthand look at our democratic system of government, expand their knowledge and cultivate the skills that will serve them well in their future studies and professional endeavors.
“Technology is a key to our success. From the advanced equipment and methods that are driving economic growth in western North Dakota, to the cutting-edge innovations that are driving growth in agriculture, information, biotech, health care and aviation businesses in the Red River Valley, technology is fueling our state’s economic vitality. It is technology that is driving our 13.4 percent economic growth rate – five times the national average – and it is technology that is raising average incomes statewide. Whether you live and work in Williston or Fargo, Grand Forks or Dickinson, this conference is important for all of us statewide.”
"As we close in on producing one million barrels per day of oil, it is clear that North Dakota is a powerhouse for our nation. Additional pipeline and rail capacity will help move our product to market efficiently, take trucks off our roads and improve public safety. But it is also a key component to building our nation’s energy future. Enbridge’s pipeline and rail projects are prime examples of the kinds of infrastructure we need to invest in to make our nation energy secure in the next five to seven years.”
"The completion of the 55th Street Northeast Bridge and Bypass project provides a needed, important piece of infrastructure for the city to help accommodate increased traffic and facilitate intermodal shipping. This project was made possible through the collaboration of local, state, federal and private partners, including $20 million in federal Department of Transportation funding we secured in Congress.”
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/home
“Gen. Jones was an accomplished man who dedicated his life to serving our country and rose to the highest ranks in the military. Raised in Minot, N.D., where a local airfield sparked his desire to become a pilot, he later attended the University of North Dakota and Minot State College before enlisting in the Army Air Corps during World War II. He subsequently began a distinguished career of service to the United States, becoming a pilot, military leader and eventually serving two terms as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under two presidents. He was a great American general who made North Dakotans proud. Mikey and I are saddened by his loss and extend our deepest sympathies to his family and friends.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=a01a13ba-af6c-41cc-bd13-0afd386865a7
“Think about a smartphone app that can drive down the cost of health care. Think about a smartphone app that can drive down the cost of health care and saved employees over $2 billion in 2012 through lower annual healthcare costs, reductions and tax savings: Evolution1 developed an app to address that need.   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=c6a892d6-5da8-4791-8d05-610cae23371a
“We are working to pass a strong farm bill for producers and consumers, as well as pro-growth legislation for the energy industry that will grow our economy, provide jobs for American workers and generate revenue. Along with a sustained effort to control spending, that will help us to reduce our debt and deficit. At the same time, we need to encourage investments in housing, transportation and other infrastructure necessary to support a growing economy. By making pro-growth legal, tax and regulatory reforms, we can unleash the imagination and innovation of the American people.”
“Today we are honored to recognize Spc. Benjamin, Sgt. Eklund Jr. and Sgt. Nord for their commendable service to our country. These Army veterans have each served our country with courage and honor. It is fitting and right that we should present them with the medals they earned as an outward sign of our country’s continued appreciation for the important work they have done protecting our nation and defending our freedoms.”
“Last summer, we broke ground to begin the first phase of the Washington Townhomes project and today these units are affordable, quality homes for over 30 families in our community. These homes are being constructed as part of a public, private partnership and are a good example of how we can meet the challenges our state faces when we work together.”
The Dakota Prairie Diesel Refinery is a prime example of the kind of infrastructure investments we need to build a strong energy future for North Dakota and our nation. This refinery will not only create jobs and the diesel we need in this region, but it will help to grow our domestic energy production. It’s a prime example of how we can leverage American energy resources to help make our nation more energy secure and independent.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=8873c316-492f-43ec-9d03-c1142f830f7f
North Dakota’s states-first approach to energy development under Empower North Dakota has made us the fastest growing state in America. Under the oversight and guidance of competent and experienced state authorities, an all of-the-above strategy to develop both our traditional and renewable resources has helped to produce the lowest unemployment rate and the fastest growing income in the nation. We wanted Secretary Jewell to see the progress we’ve made by deploying new technologies that are producing more energy with better environmental stewardship, and have asked her to partner with us to do the same for America, which will help us to attain the long-sought goal of true North American energy independence for our nation.
Looking forward to hosting US Interior Secretary Sally Jewell in North Dakota this week. The comprehensive, states first approach to energy development we’ve pursued with Empower North Dakota over the past decade has helped to produce the lowest unemployment rate and the fastest growing income in America, as well as record surpluses to meet the priorities of the people of North Dakota. We’re bringing Secretary Jewell to the state to show her that the nation can do the same to create jobs, economic opportunity and energy security and independence for the American people.
“Our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job of providing food, fuel and fiber to meet our needs. As a member of the conference committee, I look forward to working with the House conferees to find agreement on a long-term farm bill that meets the needs of our producers. Agriculture supports 16 million jobs and contributes billions of dollars to our economy. We need a strong, bipartisan farm bill because every American benefits from good farm policy.”
Had a nice visit today with Tim, Allison, Tyler, and Ethan Vallely of Minot.
Enjoyed speaking with the Nathe family today before they toured the U.S. Capitol as part of their summer family trip to Washington, D.C.
“America’s abundance of energy resources combined with the technological know-how and entrepreneurial talent of Americans to develop them can lift our country up. The Domestic Energy and Jobs Act takes a comprehensive, step-by-step approach to developing our nation’s vast energy resources in order to create jobs, improve our economy and make our nation safer and more secure.”
Setting the record straight on the benefits of the Keystone XL Pipeline. It will create jobs and lower gas prices. Click the link for more information.
Had a great meeting today with Oxbow native Erin Sidwell.  Erin has been representing North Dakota well this summer while working with the Library of Congress Junior Fellows Summer Intern program.
Mikey and I had a great time at the North Dakota State Fair this weekend. Congratulations to Stan Hausauer from Dickinson, the lucky winner of the pickup from the North Dakota Cowboy Hall of Fame fundraiser.
Enjoyed speaking this afternoon with Raymond Salata, Christian Anheluk, Haley Lund, and Harshita Gaba.  These talented high school students are representing North Dakota during this year’s Boys and Girls State.
Had a good conversation today with North Dakota’s FFA state officers Mikayla Young and Charles Steinberger who are visiting Washington, D.C. this week to participate the 85th National FFA Convention.
“This bipartisan legislation is a long-term fix that will give virtually all students a lower rate. Just as important, we now have a bill that I believe the House will pass and the president will sign by August, giving students the certainty of knowing they will have access to affordable rates for the coming school year.”
Patrick Lin of Fargo is visiting Washington, D.C. to participate in the National Symphony Orchestra's Summer Music Institute. This program offers students from across the country a great chance to advance their musical skills. http://www.kennedy-center.org/nso/nsoed/smi/
“We’re pleased Postmaster Donahoe has agreed to visit North Dakota to see firsthand the impact of economic and population growth in the western part of our state. Those growing communities are in need of reliable and timely postal services now more than ever.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=a537216a-556e-4a19-a726-089606cd7567
“This compromise represents a big step forward for students and families. Speaker Boehner has indicated that the House plans to take up the bill soon after the Senate passes it, meaning the legislation could become law before August, giving students the certainty of knowing they will have affordable rates for the coming school year.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=7661d1a0-e193-45c3-9d1b-2f1c39676d96
“This is a big step forward for the farm bill. The Senate has agreed to go to conference; now we just need the House to join us to get it done.” http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=58ee30ab-c797-40e4-bbae-f877bbf57651
Today I enjoyed speaking with Austen Larson, Megan Perius, and Garrick Voight.  These talented high school students were nominated by their teachers to represent North Dakota at the  National Young Leaders Conference held each year in Washington, D.C.  Learn more about this program: http://www.cylc.org/nylc/
“The Vantage Pipeline is another major piece of infrastructure that will help us build our North American energy security partnership with our closest friend and ally Canada. The project illustrates clearly how modern pipelines can create jobs, make us more energy secure, and do so with good environmental stewardship. It will enable us to reduce flaring in North Dakota and also reduce emissions where the natural gas is used by industry.”
“By getting RMA to acknowledge that 2012 cannot be disqualified for the one in four rule due to weather conditions statewide, we’ve brought common sense to the determination of who is eligible for prevented plant this year. It’s important now that we get some clarity on the rule going forward.”
NA
In case you missed it: Good story from KFYR TV about the Student Loan Certainty Act- a permanent solution for students to access quality education at affordable rates.
Glad to meet today with the Olson family of Bismarck who shared information about their efforts to raise awareness about juvenile diabetes.
Great meeting with leaders at Minot Air Force Base to inspect military construction projects underway on the base. http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=65d619e9-58cd-4de4-bbad-bf2b70a532a9
“The American people want a comprehensive immigration reform plan with tough border enforcement. They want to know that ten years from now, we won’t find ourselves in this same position, having to address the same problem.”
Glad to meet Ayca Cinar, an exchange student from Turkey who has been living with the Kostrzewski family of Grafton and attending the local high school.
“We are again excited and grateful to welcome some of North Dakota’s best and brightest young men and women to work as interns in my Washington, D.C. and state offices. These interns represent North Dakota’s future leaders, and we hope their congressional internship will cultivate their knowledge and skills as they gain an invaluable firsthand look at the legislative process, learn about the issues facing our nation and have the chance to serve the people of North Dakota.”
“We are grateful that the community has come together and found a way to keep the Painted Canyon Overlook open through the end of October. We appreciate the Theodore Roosevelt Medora Foundation for securing the additional funding to ensure that the public can enjoy the beauty of our badlands for an additional month. The Painted Canyon Overlook is truly one of our state’s greatest tourist attractions and a wonderful asset for local communities.”
We need to secure the border first. Read the facts on the Hoeven/Corker Border Surge amendment here: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=5ab61a63-79bc-4994-8a9c-4dabbd19c793
“Canada is one of the United States greatest friends and allies. We need to secure a long-term energy relationship with our northern neighbors and approve the Keystone XL pipeline. After reviewing this project for close to five years, it’s past time for the Administration to approve it. The Keystone XL pipeline project will not only create good jobs, help our nation become more energy secure and provide us with much needed energy infrastructure. We need the jobs. We need the energy. We need the Keystone XL pipeline.”
Senator Bob Corker and I just held a news conference outlining an amendment we have introduced to secure the southern border.
 
 The American people want a strong, comprehensive immigration reform plan, but we need to get it right. That means first and foremost securing the southern border before we address other meaningful reforms to our immigration policy. They want to know that ten years from now, we won’t find ourselves in this same position, having to address the same problem.
 
 http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=94ea0551-a26c-4ef8-9d22-c6e1a047e2f1
It is an honor and privilege to nominate North Dakota’s best and brightest students to represent our great state at one of our nation’s military service academies.  I encourage interested individuals to apply through my office.    Application deadline is October 11, and application materials are available through my website.  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/academy-nominations
Glad to meet the North Dakota National Rural Electric Cooperative Association students participating in this year's Youth Tour to Washington, D.C. Learn more about the group's tour at http://www.youthtour.coop/Pages/default.aspx
Congratulations to Fargo Davies High School students Anjali Lall and Maneesh Apte, North Dakota's two U.S. Presidential Scholars. It was great to meet them today in my office.
“In passing the National PTSD Awareness Month resolution this year, the Senate will be showing that we stand committed to finding the best ways to treat PTSD and assist the servicemembers, veterans and family members who are suffering from its impact. We hope that this public month of recognition will also signal to our servicemembers and veterans that our country, including Congress and our military leaders, recognizes the toll this injury takes and our continued commitment to finding the best ways to prevent and treat it.”
“For the second year in a row, the Senate has voted by a large, bipartisan majority to pass a strong farm bill for American producers and consumers. It’s strong because we worked hard to make sure it includes enhanced crop insurance, continues the sugar program, provides additional funding for rural flood protection and saves $24 billion dollars to help with the deficit and debt. We also made changes this year that got southern growers onboard, which improves the bill’s chances of passing in the House. Most importantly, it enables our farmers and ranchers to continue to provide American consumers with the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world.”
“It is a great honor to have this new Navy vessel named for North Dakota’s capital city. This name pays tribute to all North Dakotans and serves as an especially fitting recognition of all of our state’s veterans who have so honorably served our nation. We are grateful to these military men and women for their service, and we are thankful also for the Navy’s decision to recognize these fine individuals in one of the most tangible ways possible: by naming the newest member of the world’s largest and most powerful fleet after our wonderful capital city.”   http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=cd4e2250-a3a6-4c69-985c-d6cec3b3fb0f
Had a good conversation with a great group of Fargo students who are visiting Washington, D.C. this week.  They have been touring many historical landmarks, and I was glad to welcome them to the U.S. Capitol.
“Today, the Senate voted to move a strong farm bill to the floor for a final vote. This bill supports our farmers and ranchers by providing them with the risk management tools they need to deal with volatile markets and weather, while ensuring that Americans continue to enjoy the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world. Now we look forward to final passage and working with our colleagues in the House to pass farm legislation that will give our producers the certainty and confidence they need to plan for the future.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=87df5a1e-d5e7-4bb4-b391-b33f7df8ec63
This afternoon I was glad to welcome several North Dakota 4-H students from Standing Rock to my office following their tour of the U.S. Capitol.
Had a great visit in my office today with these North Dakota students from Trinity High School in Dickinson. They're in Washington, DC to learn about the government as part of the Close Up Program.
“This strategic alliance agreement and enhanced use lease will create a one-of-a-kind technology park, Grand Sky, at the Grand Forks Air Force Base. It will actually provide a revenue stream to the Air Force and bolster our chances of getting one of six planned UAS test sites and stimulate private investment and job creation across the entire Grand Forks region. Northrop Grumman will provide top-notch expertise in the unmanned aircraft systems field, and Grand Forks Air Force Base will provide the perfect location to put the company’s vast knowledge and innovation to good use. The agreement and lease will help us to make Grand Forks the premier UAS base in the northern tier, which will pay big dividends in terms of jobs and economic activity to the community for years to come.”
“More than a year ago, we began to imagine what a new and vibrant downtown Minot would look like and how we would secure the funding to make that vision a reality. Now, this grant, which we worked hard to secure over the last 12 months, will help provide the infrastructure on which a modern downtown Minot of the future will rise. It will help to ensure that the city comes back better than ever following the worst disaster in its history.”
“This Memorial Day, we set aside time to remember and pay tribute to our military, the men and women who risk life and limb in the service of our nation with courage, devotion and dignity. We gather at ceremonies in small towns and big cities all across the nation to express the admiration and gratitude we share for the members of our armed services.   “This year, we recall in particular Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard, who made the ultimate sacrifice this past December serving in Afghanistan, and we also remember Spc. Ian Placek, who was injured in the same incident. We thank you and we continue to keep you and all of our wounded veterans in our thoughts and we pray for your recovery.”
Introduced legislation with Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn) to help reduce the impacts of simultaneous refinery shutdowns on gas prices.
“I really believe that a states-first approach will help us do more, not just in energy production, but also innovation. That will help us produce more energy from more sources with better environmental stewardship.”
NA
“North Dakota is a leader in energy production for our nation because more than a decade ago we took an all-of-the-above approach to energy development that partners traditional and renewable energy sources in new and inventive ways,” said Hoeven. “I’ve pressed Secretary Moniz to work with us to take a truly comprehensive approach to energy development for the nation as we have in North Dakota – an approach that fully embraces fossil fuels as well as alternative energy sources. With the right energy policies in place, our nation can be energy secure in five to seven years.”  http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=4aaddd6d-3394-491c-a047-433bde361df8
“Today, I wish to join the many Americans from across our country who are pausing to observe Peace Officers Memorial Day and remember the fallen officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice while upholding justice and protecting our communities. These brave men and women represent the very best of our nation, and it is fitting and right that we should set aside a day to remember their courage, dedication and willingness to put themselves in harm’s way for the rest of us. In doing this, we help honor the enduring legacy these individuals have left to their families, communities and our nation.”
“The WRDA bill successfully addresses two important priorities for North Dakota, one in the east and one in the west. With authorization for permanent flood control in the Red River Valley we take a big step toward the construction phase of the project, and with inclusion of our States’ Water Rights Act, we block a misguided and unfair proposal by the Corps to charge a fee for access to Missouri River reservoirs.”
“North Dakota has fought long and hard to preserve the integrity of the Missouri River and the rights of our people to use it to support their homes and their livelihoods. We cannot allow the federal government to charge us for water that historically, legally and ethically belongs to the citizens and tribes of North Dakota or any other Missouri River state that sacrificed valuable land and resources to the Pick–Sloan Missouri Basin Program.”
NA
“This new facility would provide farmers throughout the region with supplies of nitrogen fertilizer, and at the same time, help to reduce flaring and increase recovery of natural gas. This is the kind of synergy we worked to develop through our comprehensive plans for economic development and energy. This is a great concept that brings together energy and value-added agriculture, building on North Dakota’s leadership role in both industries.”
Great meeting today with Tioga High School students prior to their tour of the U.S. Capitol.
“This is a partnership that will protect and benefit hundreds of thousands of people in both North Dakota and Minnesota. It’s a federal-state-local partnership for both states, and we need to move it ahead. We need to put the cost and hardship of annual flood fights behind us.”
Students Nicolette Cariveau of Grand Forks and Lyndsey Scheurer of Bismarck are representing North Dakota very well at the 18th Annual Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. They were selected to represent our state because of their extensive community service. Congratulations to both of these remarkable young women.
“These Army veterans played courageous roles in our state’s long, proud history of service in America’s armed forces, and we thank them for their sacrifices. We are honored to award Former Sergeant Tofteland with a long overdue Purple Heart and the other military honors he earned while serving in Vietnam. We are grateful that Former Private First Class Swital will again have the military awards he earned during his eight years of service to our nation. These awards are just one token of our gratitude for the many sacrifices these veterans made defending our freedoms.”
“Marjorie Johnson embodies what this federal support is all about. We have worked over the past two years to bring the resources needed to help Marjorie and others recover their homes and renew their city following the worst natural disaster in Minot’s history. Together, we are building a stronger city and a brighter future for everyone.” More info at: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=554c0302-a97a-491b-b583-8bcb619d8f9e
“The people of Fargo-Moorhead have been vigilant in their flood preparations again this year. In four of the last five years, we’ve battled flood waters in this region, making it clear that we need to move forward with permanent flood protections. We’ve worked hard to get authorization for permanent flood protection through the committee process and to get Senate leadership to bring it to the Senate floor. Next week the full Senate will take up authorization for the diversion project.”
More than two years ago I persuaded former Interior Secretary Ken Salazar to initiate a new USGS study of the Williston Basin to stimulate more private-sector investment in infrastructure like housing, hotels, retail stores and other services to meet the needs of a rapidly growing western North Dakota. This new USGS study further confirms and reinforces the fact that the Williston Basin is a sustainable, long-term play warranting strong private-sector investment for decades into the future.
NA
While the State of North Dakota and our local governments, with the assistance of FEMA, have invested in flood mitigation efforts, repetitive flooding in the Devils Lake, Red River of the North, and Souris River Basins have reduced financial reserves at the city, county and tribal government level. To ensure that we are able to meet the challenges of protecting our people and preventing a larger disaster, we ask for your prompt attention to this request.
“Clearly, there is room in the DOT discretionary accounts to mitigate some of the $206 million reduction to air traffic controllers. America’s economy runs on transportation, including air travel, and delays like we’re seeing this week are disrupting commerce and causing real inconvenience for travelers. Our bill addresses the issue directly and in a bipartisan way by giving the secretary of transportation the flexibility he needs to prioritize his budget and put air traffic controllers back on the job for America’s traveling public.”
Met today with Braden Burckhard & Dr. Mikhail Bobylev of Minot State University.  Congratulations to Braden on being selected as one of 60 students to travel to Capitol Hill to present research he conducted as part of 2013 Posters on the Hill.  http://www.minotstateu.edu/news/000663.shtml
“I believe the administration’s request for funds to study how to eliminate nuclear missile silos is misguided. The fact is we can achieve the force levels required under the New START agreement without reducing silos and hurting our nuclear deterrent capabilities. I will therefore oppose such funding as the Appropriations Committee considers the Fiscal Year 2014 budget for the Department of Defense.”
The thoughts and prayers of America go to victims of today's terrible events at the Boston Marathon.
“North Dakotans right now are focused on digging out, getting back to work or school and making sure they have basic supplies after being housebound all weekend. We requested this extension due to the severity and broad extent of the storm we’ve experienced over the last few days.”
“The Global Hawk is the mission of the future, combining leading-edge technology with consummate pilot skill, but it also keeps us in strong contention for a second round of KC-46 tanker missions. Whatever the Air Force decides in this first round, we will be well positioned down the road.”
Glad to meet today with Alexander Burch who is visiting Washington, D.C. with his mom to receive national recognition as the Navy’s Military Child of the Year. Alexander is a tremendous young man who is an honors student and senior at Thompson High School.  He has also volunteered more the 400 hours during the past year.
We want to be clear on the vote we just took on the motion to proceed.  It was only to move forward to debate and discuss the issue of violence. Senator Hoeven does not support the Reid bill or the Manchin/Toomey bill because they restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens, and he does not intend to vote for them. –Hoeven staff
North Dakota is well-represented at this year’s National 4-H Conference by students (LtoR) Taylor Zimprich, Andrew Ternquist, Tyrza Hoines, and Casondra Rutschke, as well as their chaperone LuAnn Stromme.  I was glad to welcome this talented group to my office today to learn more about the conference and their good work back home.
“We congratulate these students and West Fargo’s STEM Center for their innovative app design and for winning this competition. They represent our state well and are a good example of how our schools are educating and preparing students for the careers of the future. We appreciate Verizon’s investment in the STEM Center and thank them for recognizing our students."
FARGO, N.D. – Senator John Hoeven is joined by students and school officials at Davies High School to show support for the Sensible School Lunch Act, legislation he introduced to provide school districts with greater flexibility to meet the nutritional needs of all students. Hoeven met during the lunch hour to highlight the importance of his legislation, which would ensure that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) permanently modifies strict rules for serving grains, starches and proteins in school meals. More info here: http://hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=5e2218b9-8948-40e6-8748-653f7f9757ff
MINOT, N.D. – Senator John Hoeven is joined by students and school officials at Magic City Campus on March 27, to show support for the Sensible School Lunch Act, legislation he introduced to provide school districts with greater flexibility to meet the nutritional needs of all students. Hoeven met during the lunch hour to highlight the importance of his legislation, which would ensure that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) permanently modifies strict rules for serving grains, starches and proteins in school meals. More info here: http://hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=cb09eb88-21a6-41ff-aa0e-5a50e019326c
“Tourism today is one of our state’s largest industries, and we appreciate Director Jarvis’s understanding of that and his willingness to work with us. Working with him and the affected communities, we will try to find a way to keep this remarkable sight open so that North Dakotans and visitors from across the nation and around the world can enjoy the beauty of our Badlands.”
Proud to present Watford City resident Donald Diederich with the medals he earned while serving in World War II. These long-overdue honors mark in tangible form Diederich's courage and our admiration, respect and gratitude for his service. When you learn the story of Donald Diederich's experiences more than 60 years ago in a dangerous world and fierce war, you understand why he and his contemporaries have come to be known as the "greatest generation."
“We need more diesel in North Dakota. The Dakota Prairie Refinery will provide much needed energy infrastructure in western North Dakota and will help produce the diesel we need to meet growing demands in our state. This refinery will create good jobs for our people and help to fuel our economy. We are grateful that MDU and Calumet chose to build a refinery here. This is one more example of the tremendous contribution our state is making to power our nation.”
“Passing this Keystone XL amendment demonstrates with the clarity and firmness of a formal vote that the U.S. Senate supports the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline and finds it in the national interest of the American people. The amendment recognizes that the country will benefit from the pipeline by adding tens of thousands of jobs for Americans, billions of dollars to our economy and new tax revenue for our local, state and federal governments.”
“General Peabody made clear that the sequester will not impact flood preparation and prevention in the Red River Valley or on the Souris. He said the Corps will not take any risk on life, health or safety issues.”
It was a pleasure to meet canola farmers Brian and Kelly Aalund visiting our nation's capital from North Dakota. They stopped by my office prior to their tour of the U.S. Capitol building.
Always glad to welcome North Dakotans to my office, and my staff and I are also happy to arrange for tours of the Capitol.  Today I was happy to have the chance to chat with the Thomas family of Velva before their Capitol tour began.
Met today with Troy and Bobbie Jo Uglem of Northwood, N.D. who are in town for National Ag Week.  Last year the National Outstanding Young Farmers of America named them Outstanding Young Farmers for 2012.
Welcomed a bright group of North Dakota high school students to Washington, DC. The students toured the Capitol building and met with Senator Heitkamp, Representative Cramer and me on the Senate steps today.
Glad to meet with a great group of high school students from the Bismarck-Mandan area prior to their tour of the Capitol.
Celebrating National Ag Day with NDSU 4-H student Rachael Lagein. A big thank you to all those who work in our agriculture sector. You do a great job providing food, fuel and fiber for our nation.
FEMA’s decision to award additional grants to assist with Minot’s continued flood recovery efforts reflects an ongoing commitment to ensuring that we’re meeting the needs of this community following the historic 2011 flooding. This grant will play an important role in helping Minot’s ongoing work to recover from this severe flooding, and I remain focused on working on a federal level for disaster aid that will lend to ongoing efforts like this.
In case you missed it: Sen Baucus and I spoke with Jon Scott on Fox's Happening Now to discuss our new bipartisan legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline.
Happy to hear the talented Jamestown College Choir sing today from the steps of Russell Senate Building. They sounded great.
“The Keystone XL pipeline project is perhaps the most thoroughly studied and long-delayed project of its kind in U.S. history. The State Department’s favorable finding in its most recent report makes clear both the good environmental stewardship of the project and the need to begin construction without further delay. It will create tens of thousands of jobs, boost the American economy and raise hundreds of millions of dollars in revenues to help the federal and state governments address their debt and deficit problems without raising taxes. Further, it will help to put us within striking range of the long-sought goal of true energy security.”
Had the pleasure of welcoming these bright NDSU students to our nation's capital this morning.
Proud to meet with Wishek-native Aaron Weber (left) and Bismarck-native Daniel Wassim (right) who are visiting our Nation’s Capital to participate as delegates in the prestigious U.S. Senate Youth Program (USSYP).  They’re both talented students who are serving as excellent representatives of ND.
“Today I join North Dakotans and Americans everywhere in welcoming the members of the 818th Engineer Company back home to the United States following the unit’s commendable service in Afghanistan. These soldiers served with tremendous courage and skill, and we are grateful to them – as well as their families – for the important work they have accomplished as well as their continued commitment to defending our nation.   “Today we also pause to remember the lives and service of Sgt. 1st Class Darren Linde and Spc. Tyler Orgaard who made the ultimate sacrifice while serving alongside their comrades during this deployment to Afghanistan. These brave men represent the very best of our state and our nation. We will remain forever grateful for their service and pledge never to forget them or their loved ones.”
"As a leader in the aerospace industry, it is fitting that Northrop Grumman is joining with UND, the leading school of aerospace in the nation, and our other partners to create, in essence, a technology park on the Grand Forks Air Force Base. The Grand Forks area is growing its economy with a special focus on UAS and aeronautics; Northrop Grumman is benefiting from the unique assets available at Grand Forks Air Force Base; and the Air Force is gaining valuable support for operations and activities at the base. Northrop Grumman will provide top-notch expertise in the unmanned aerial systems field, and Grand Forks Air Force Base will provide the perfect location to put the company’s vast knowledge and innovation to good use. This is the kind of innovative partnership that will help us continue to develop the Grand Forks region as the premier hub for unmanned aerial systems technology.”
Met with Col. Price to push the Corps to move forward with a three-part strategy to improve Minot area flood protections.
Thanks to University of North Dakota MBA and MPA graduate students for visiting today. It was great to meet some of our nation's future leaders.
NA
Pleased to have the endorsement of the School Nutrition Association for our Sensible School Lunch Act.  http://goo.gl/FTh0z
NA
Organized a bipartisan group of 20 Senators to call on newly confirmed Secretary of State John Kerry to approve the Keystone XL pipeline.
A wonderful ceremony was held today at the State Capitol in honor of Army Staff Sgt. Clinton Romesha who was awarded the Medal of Honor earlier this month. ND is proud of Clint, and we extend our deepest thanks to him.
Glad to have had the opportunity to participate in some good discussions about the farm bill today in Fargo and yesterday in Wahpeton. http://www.wday.com/event/article/id/75610/publisher_ID/29/
NA
Congratulations to our nation's newest Medal of Honor recipient and Minot resident Clint Romesha. He is a true American hero.
"This is the kind of legislation that will not only help to create jobs in North Dakota and Eastern Montana, but will also help us to achieve our long-sought goal of energy security. Currently, it takes about 180 to 270 days to permit an oil well on BLM land in North Dakota, compared to only about ten days on private lands. This is a no-cost solution that will help to make the federal permitting process more efficient.”
Great to meet with these students from United Tribes Technical College, Fort Berthold Community College, Turtle Mountain Community College, Sitting Bull College and Cankdeska Cikana Community College today.
“The Library of Congress Junior Fellows Summer Intern program offers North Dakota students an incredible opportunity to gain unique access to the world’s largest, all-inclusive library and the talented individuals who run it. This fellowship is a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I encourage North Dakota college and graduate students to apply for this summer internship. Click the link for more information. The application deadline is Monday, Feb. 11."
“This decision is a real gain for North Dakota ranchers. More broadly, it is an important step forward in our ongoing efforts to foster a stronger trade relationship between the U.S. and Japan. By changing its age-based import limits, Japan now has access to a much larger amount of high quality, safe U.S. beef, and in turn our producers will have more opportunities to expand their exports and grow their businesses.”
“As North Dakota, the number two oil-producing state in the nation, helps to provide fuel and electricity for our nation, impacts on the aviation infrastructure of this region must be addressed."
"Senator Cornyn delivered some Texas beef steaks to the office this week to settle our friendly wager on the Bison, Bearkat Football game earlier this month. We appreciate Senator Cornyn for being such a good sport and for bringing us the choicest beef steaks from his home state. We’re very proud of NDSU’s accomplishments and congratulate the coaches, players, administration and fans for capping a tremendous season with a second national championship.”
Led a bipartisan news conference today, calling for the President to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. http://hoeven.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ID=f3565e53-1d23-48a8-9eb9-67d78d62eb8b
“Chester Reiten was a great North Dakotan and a great American. He especially loved Minot. I feel privileged to have known Chet all my life, and I am thankful to have called him a friend. He has left an indelible impact on our state and country, first serving our nation during World War II and returning home to become a pioneer North Dakota broadcaster, mayor of Minot, state legislator and the heart and soul of Høstfest, which today remains the largest Scandinavian festival in North America. These many accomplishments, and more, made Chet an easy choice for the Theodore Roosevelt Rough Rider Award, which I was proud to present to him in 2002. Chet truly was an all-around great guy who will be deeply missed. Mikey and I extend our thoughts and prayers to his wife of more than 65 years, Joy, and his family and friends.”
“The president has long-cited Nebraska’s concerns as a reason not to approve the project, but now that those concerns have been addressed, there is no reason to further delay a project that will create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity for the United States. After more than four-and-a half-years and an exhaustive review process, it’s time to come together, Republicans and Democrats, and do what is clearly in our national interest.”
Had the opportunity to thank and honor the 1-112th Aviation Regiment for a job well done during their yearlong deployment to Kosovo. They served our state and nation well, and we thank these soldiers and their families for all of their sacrifices.
We are and we have been working hard to do all we can to push for Grand Forks’ selection as one of the active duty base locations, as well as a center for Unmanned Aerial Systems. Today’s list of finalists moves us a step closer, and we will continue that effort.
Enjoying the NDSU Bison's NCAA Division I Football Championship Game
