In 2014, my casework team worked on over 2,900 new cases for Ohioans who came to our office in need of aid. I am proud of our team, and wanted to share a few examples of the work we were able to do just this year:
Over the past months, Americans have made clear they are tired of partisan bickering and not getting anything done. I couldn't agree more, which is why I've worked to break the gridlock and deliver results for Ohioans.
I'll always put the needs of the men and women of Ohio first. My latest column: Getting Things Done for Ohio in 2014:
From our family to yours, Merry Christmas.
Inspired by the Toys For Tots campaign and our Ohio Marine reservists with the 3rd Battalion, 25th Marines. Learn how to help: http://bit.ly/1d8BcKR
More photos from the Habitat for Humanity project today.
Always glad to join Habitat for Humanity volunteers on my birthday to help build dreams in Ohio.
Toured and held an employee town hall at Molded Fiber Glass in Ashtabula this morning. Good discussion on manufacturing in Northeast Ohio.
Enjoyed spending my day in Cleveland yesterday and capping off the night seeing LeBron, Kyrie and the Cavs.
I'm calling on the Administration to take action to protect Christians and other religious minorities in Iraq and Syria. http://bit.ly/1GsO8uC
Jane and I loved volunteering again this year at the InterParish Ministry Christmas turkey, ham and toy distribution.
Met with Ambassador Geoff Pyatt yesterday to discuss latest developments in Ukraine & the state of current U.S. assistance efforts. We’re fortunate to have his leadership in Kyiv.
Visited the National Center for Water Quality Research at Heidelberg University today to discuss ways we can improve water quality for Ohioans.
I am proud that my legislation to honor Jack Nicklaus, a son of Ohio,  with a Congressional Gold Medal for his extraordinary life and achievements has passed the Senate. Jack Nicklaus is a legend, and without a doubt the greatest golfer of all time. Yet in addition to the Golden Bear’s career in golf, he is a dedicated philanthropist who has made a difference in communities across America. Together with his wife Barbara, Jack has positively impacted the lives of thousands of children and their families through the Nicklaus Children’s Health Care Foundation, and other initiatives.
Got our Christmas tree from the Boy Scouts yesterday- Duke and Chuck approved.
Thankful to be with family this Thanksgiving and thinking of our brave men and women in uniform who can't be home. We all give thanks for their service.
Continuing my work to strengthen Ohio’s military installations: http://ohne.ws/11sPlm9
Joined a few of colleagues in telling Meet the Press what we’re thankful for this year. Hint: mine has to do with two feathered Ohioans.
Gave the Cincinnati Enquirer a look into my "hideaway" in the U.S. Capitol this week. A good place for me to meet with constituents and get work done.
By acting alone on immigration, the President is going around the American people. If the President wants to fix our broken immigration system, he should work with the newly-elected Congress on real reform that includes improved internal enforcement measures and securing our border.
Disappointed Senate Democrats continue to block Keystone pipeline. Looking forward to passing it for jobs & energy security in the new Congress.
The recent elections showed that Washington must work together to get things done for the American people. I discussed how Congress now has an opportunity to take on big issues on Fox News today.
Exciting news out of Coshocton with Kraft's announcement of a $40 million investment & 300 job expansion.
The message from the American people on Election Day was clear: End Washington gridlock. Read my Fox News op-ed here.
Honored to pay tribute to our nation's veterans at the 22nd Annual Blue Ash Veterans Day Ceremony today.
Thank you to all who have served our country & protected the freedoms we enjoy as Americans every day.
So great that Leah Still can come to the game tonight - way to go Bengals for sending jersey money to Cincinnati Children's Hospital. #whodey
Held a town hall meeting in Pickerington today. Good discussion on jobs, how to get our economy moving, and fighting drug addiction in our communities.
Ahead of this weekend's Ukrainian parliamentary elections, I joined Senator Ben Cardin to renew our call for the U.S. to provide support.
The energy sector in Ohio is an American success story, and it's a story we want to continue.
Twenty-eight years ago, President Reagan signed into law comprehensive tax reform. Now, almost thirty years later, our onerous and outdated tax code continues to force businesses to leave the U.S., taking American jobs with them. We can and must reform our tax code again so that we keep businesses and jobs here at home and provide relief to all Americans.
Enjoyed being at The Shoe to see a big Ohio State win today. Go Bucks!
Stopping Ebola will require a comprehensive and proactive response. Read my cleveland.com op-ed for more on my proposals.
I believe continuing to issue U.S. visas to nationals from Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone is reckless given the scope of the Ebola epidemic and potentially puts American lives at risk. Until we get this problem under control, the State Department should immediately stop issuing new visas to nationals of these affected countries.
Laid out in POLITICO  a comprehensive, five-step strategy to address the Ebola epidemic. It requires proactive leadership and focused execution.
Interesting tour of PolyOne in Lorain County this morning. Good talk on energy, taxes, and worker training.
Inspired by Nobel Prize winners Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi for brave activism and their fight for the rights of women and children.
Joined CNN this morning to discuss the need to be more proactive to prevent the spread of Ebola and to defeat ISIS.
The Administration must take proactive steps to prevent Ebola from spreading in the U.S. My op-ed here: http://cnn.it/1vH2Msi
Visited Harris Products in Mason for a townhall meeting to mark National Manufacturing Day yesterday.
I joined CNN this morning to discuss the need for elevated screening levels at U.S. ports of entry. At a minimum, we should be conducting active screenings to prevent the spread of Ebola. 
Proud of the 179th Airlift Wing and 910th Airlift Wing -- our C-130 units at Mansfield Air National Guard Base and Youngstown Air Reserve Station. The Air Force must modernize this critical fleet. 
Today’s CDC announcement shows the need for active screening for Ebola at U.S. points of entry. The CDC should act to implement this immediately. 
Took part in the Cleveland Clinic cancer expansion groundbreaking earlier today and met Brendan, who is being treated by impressive Clinic team.
Enjoyed speaking about the importance of prayer and community at historic St. John AME Church in Cleveland today.
Hosting an Energy Jobs Fair today in St. Clairsville. Runs until 2pm at Belmont College. All are welcome!
To preview my Energy Jobs Fair on Friday, I wrote an op-ed on ways we can connect Ohioans with good jobs. Check out the op-ed and hope to see many of you at Belmont College on Friday. 
U.S. targeted airstrikes are an important step toward our ultimate goal of degrading and defeating the terrorist group known as ISIS. I've been calling on the President to take action and now that the U.S. is moving forward with a military plan, it’s crucial that we have the resolve to see it through to the end. Our brave servicemen and women are in our thoughts and prayers as they carry out the U.S. mission to defeat ISIS.
Fun to join Team River Runner on the water today for paddling with our brave wounded warriors - including friends Al and Ryan.
I'm hosting an Energy Jobs Fair in St. Clairsville next week. It's a good opportunity for job seekers to meet with employers and I'm looking forward to seeing many Ohioans there. More details can be found here: 
We observe National POW/MIA Recognition Day today and pray for all those who have sacrificed so much for our nation. You are not forgotten.
When I voted to extend emergency unemployment benefits, I emphasized the need to better connect the program with job training. Today I introduced bipartisan legislation to do that, the On-the-Job Training Act. Learn more here: 
I had the opportunity to meet with Ukrainian President Poroshenko this morning and reaffirmed the need for the U.S. to stand with Ukraine. I hope that after meeting with President Poroshenko, the Administration finally provides the support Ukraine has requested to defend itself against Russia.
I wrote in the Cleveland Plain Dealer today about the heroin crisis in Ohio and the need for a comprehensive plan to prevent drug abuse and curb drug addiction. Along with Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), today I introduced legislation that could help turn the tide in the struggle against this epidemic by providing a series of incentives and resources designed to encourage states and local communities to pursue a full array of proven strategies to combat addiction.
As we mark Constitution Day 2014, let us reflect on the unfinished business of forming a ‘more perfect union.’
It's past time the President developed a comprehensive plan to stop the Ebola outbreak before it takes more lives. I wrote an op-ed about the need for U.S. leadership on this issue of public health and national security: 
Joined Fox News earlier today to discuss the need to defeat ISIS and stand up and be counted in this fight. Watch below: 
The deadline for Service Academy nomination applications is September 26th. Call 1-800-205-OHIO with questions or visit my website here. 
JFK once wrote that America is the "watchman on the walls of world freedom." As we reflect on this somber day, it's important to remember America's leadership role in the world and thank the brave men and women who protect our freedoms every day.
Today as Americans, we remember those who died on September 11th and express gratitude to those protecting us at home and abroad. We'll never forget those lost and will always remember acts of bravery on that fateful day that made us all proud to be Americans.
The strengthening of ISIS demonstrates the serious consequences of a disengaged and passive foreign policy. When America retreats from its global leadership role, terrorist groups like ISIS are quick to fill the void.  It is time for the President to lead so America can lead. We need a plan that addresses the military, intelligence, political, and economic components necessary to defeat this latest threat to the region and our national security. 
Touching Fox News segment on how the city of Eastlake, Ohio commemorates 9/11 in a solemn ceremony every year. Watch below: 
Cheering on my Cincinnati Bengals today as they kick off their season against Baltimore #WhoDey
Joined Squawk Box this morning to discuss the need for corporate tax reform to keep jobs here at home. Watch here: 
As we mark Labor Day, many fellow Ohioans are having to take two or three jobs to make ends meet. Washington can and should do more to help. Here are some of my proposals for getting America back to work. My latest weekly column:
Had a good visit with members of the Gallia County Farm Bureau yesterday. Proud to receive the Friend of Agriculture Award.
Visited South Point Industrial Park this afternoon. Impressed by their new cargo river port which is expected to bring 1,200 jobs to the region.
Proud of Youngstown’s 910th Airlift Wing for their work delivering humanitarian assistance to Christians and other religious minorities being persecuted in Iraq. We must do more to protect Christians and aggressively target ISIL. 
If the GAO can say that the Administration's failure to notify Congress before the release of dangerous terrorists was a violation of the law, why can’t the Senate? 
Over the last few weeks, I've had the opportunity to travel all across our state. Check out some of the highlights. 
Went out on the Ohio River with the U.S. Coast Guard for an update on next steps for the continued cleanup efforts after Monday's diesel fuel spill.
In Clermont County today to visit East Fork Lake and discuss my efforts to combat harmful algal blooms that threaten it.
The U.S. and Israel must continue to stand shoulder to shoulder in the face of religious persecution. I've introduced a resolution saying we will not tolerate targeted violence against Christians and that those persecuting Christians and other religious minorities must be stopped. 
I visited Wright-Patterson AFB earlier this week and recommend checking out the National Museum of the USAF if you are in the area.  
Sometimes it can be difficult to navigate the maze of the federal government. My office can help you obtain reliable information, order forms, and inquire on your behalf with a federal agency. Although my staff cannot guarantee a particular outcome, they will do their best to help you receive a fair and timely response to your concern.
Be sure to sign up for my monthly e-newsletter to learn about my travels around the Buckeye state. More info here: 
Saw Honda's assembly plant in East Liberty this afternoon. It's always inspiring to meet with workers and see Ohio's manufacturing strength.
Hosted an employee townhall at Assurex in Mason this morning. Impressed by their work to help treat veterans experiencing Post-Tramatic Stress.
Heard moving stories from local Iraqi-American Christians about family members in Iraq fleeing persecution. Heartbreaking stories of Iraqi Christians and other religious minorities being attacked, robbed and sometimes killed makes me all the more committed to getting my resolution passed: http://1.usa.gov/1nI2KPw
Held a veterans townhall meeting in North Canton today at the MAPS Air Museum. I continued to hear specific ideas on how to improve the VA.
Toured Akron Children's Hospital this morning to talk about my bill that just passed the U.S. Senate that broadens federal support for trauma care. One highlight from the visit was meeting Lysander from Salem, Ohio who was born premature but is now doing great thanks to the impressive team there.
In Shelby to see the world-class ArcelorMittal welded tube factory & discuss better policies needed out of Washington to help with expansion.
Visited Navistar International's Springfield Assembly Plant today for a tour and townhall meeting with the impressive workforce.
Moving ceremony to honor 15 previously unknown veterans at Dayton National Cemetery. Their remains were identified through the Missing in America Project. Honored to thank those who helped pass the MIA bill which is now law & for their efforts on my new bill to obtain headstones for veterans.
Delivered cases of water to Waite High School in Toledo today. Monitoring situation closely with federal, state, and local officials.
Dropped by the historic Weldon's Ice Cream Factory with Jane after a great visit to Millersport today.
Held a roundtable at Buckeye Lake Marina in Millersport to discuss my bill that was just signed into law to combat harmful algal blooms.
There is a skills gap that separates people from open jobs and holds back growth. I spoke to the Ohio Association for Career and Technical Education Annual Conference in Columbus today on a better way.
Great time this morning at the Ohio State Fair.  Big thanks to our state’s tens of thousands of farmers. Agriculture is Ohio’s number one business, contributing $107 billion to Ohio’s economy.
Proud to introduce the Honor Those Who Served Act of 2014, legislation that expands the definition of persons eligible to request headstones or markers furnished by the Department of Veterans Affairs of unmarked graves for our nation’s veterans. This bipartisan bill is a commonsense way to honor the men and women who have worn the uniform throughout our nation’s history with the official recognition they have earned and deserve. http://1.usa.gov/1rHsGtL
Today I introduced a resolution urging the President to take action to protect Christians who are being persecuted in Iraq. I discussed with Fox News:  
Our tax code is hurting American workers and it's long overdue that we reform it. I discussed this and how to keep jobs in the U.S. on CNBC this morning:  
If American families are reining in spending then the federal government should be forced to do the same. I discussed solutions to rein in our growing debt on Fox News today. 
Check out my op-ed in The Wall Street Journal on the need to rein in the soaring debt and reform Social Security. Just recently, the non-partisan CBO said the national debt will soar by a staggering $40 trillion over the next two decades. That would bring the debt to nearly $250,000 per household. 
Celebrating our 28th wedding anniversary together in the back of the pickup at The Starlite Drive-In in Amelia, Ohio.
Inspired by the work of the men & women at the GM Lordstown plant and proud to support them as a chair of the Senate Auto Caucus. The team there is producing a world-class car in a world-class production facility.
Today I introduced a resolution to help Ohio families affected by stalled Congolese adoptions. Many of these children require medical care and all have loving families waiting for them to come home. 
Yesterday I had the opportunity to see the innovative work being done at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus.
Great to see OSU students and Brutus the Buckeye this afternoon.
Just spoke on the Senate floor about my bill that will help Ohio workers connect with open jobs. 
Career & Technical Education prepares students for good jobs. I held a roundtable at Live Oaks in Clermont County this morning to discuss ways to improve it.
Inspired by the sermon today at the Christ Temple Baptist Church service with my friend, Rev. Peterson Mingo.
Go Reds! Good to be at the ballpark with Jane tonight rooting on my team.
Today we celebrate the founding of our nation and take a moment to thank those who protect the freedoms we enjoy every day.
Last night, the President signed into law my algae bill that will help protect Lake Erie and Ohio's fishing and tourism industries. http://1.usa.gov/TMczzS
Enjoyed meeting Madelyne from Kent, Ohio who visited last week with Akron Children’s Hospital. Ohio’s children’s hospitals provide unmatched medical care to kids like Madelyne, and I’ll continue to support them in my work in the U.S. Senate.
Pleased the Court ruled in favor of religious liberties in today's Hobby Lobby case. 
Hosted a roundtable discussion at the Meinke Marina near Toledo yesterday to discuss efforts to protect Lake Erie.
Visited with Sandusky-area veterans this morning. My office stands ready to help with any VA issues.
Read my op-ed in the Daily Caller on the need for a special counsel to investigate the IRS.  
Glad to be named a Great Lakes Task Force Vice-Chair. The Great Lakes are an invaluable economic and environmental resource to Ohio, and it’s crucial we’re actively working to protect them.
I urged for the overhaul of our corporate tax code on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning. We must ensure that America is the best place to do business. Watch the interview here. 
For too many Americans, the only jobs that are available are those they don’t have the skills or qualifications to fill. This has created a skills gap that is hurting unemployed workers and businesses, and is holding back the economy. For the past three years, I have worked in a bipartisan fashion to help these workers get back on a career path by bringing critical reforms to the federal government’s inefficient and outdated workforce development system. I am pleased that today the Senate passed my reforms along with the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, bringing the federal government’s primary workforce development programs into the 21st Century.
Talked to CBN News about the importance of my D-Day Prayer bill and how it will commemorate and honor those who served in World War II. Check the video out here. 
Read my op-ed in the WSJ today highlighting the need to reform our corporate tax code so that we end businesses leaving the U.S. and make America a magnet for investment again.  
Met with Ohio families affected by the Congolese government stalling adoptions. I'll continue my work to help these families bring their children home.
Pleased to announce my D-Day prayer bill is headed to the President for signature. At no cost to taxpayers, my bill will immortalize President Roosevelt's extraordinary D-Day prayer on the World War II Memorial so it becomes a permanent reminder of the sacrifice of not just those who fought in World War II, but also of the men and women who fight for us today.
Fun to do the 11.5 mile kayak race for the 13th Annual Paddlefest this morning to raise awareness for the Ohio River.
Touring City Gospel Mission's expansion this afternoon. I was pleased to be able to help them clear Washington red tape and continue with their planned expansion. They provide up to 130,000 meals per year to Cincinnati's poor and homeless.
Pleased that my algae bill passed the Senate and now heads to the President for signature. This legislation takes critical steps toward protecting Lake Erie and Grand Lake St. Marys from harmful algae that has become a tremendous problem for fresh water bodies in our state. For the first time, we will prioritize the protection of Ohio’s fresh bodies of water, which is critical for our tourism and fishing industries. I will continue my work to ensure our bodies of fresh water are protected. 
Today I called for action on my Taliban detainee transfer resolution which demands an investigation into the national security impact of releasing five high-level detainees.  
On this Father’s Day, I honor my dad and his character: his integrity, his decency, and his work ethic. Although we lost him almost 4 years ago, he continues to be a presence in my life. Whenever I have a tough decision to make, I think of what he would do, and how he would do it.
Congress must demand answers on the Taliban prison swap. Check out my Fox News opinion piece. 
Happy birthday to a true American hero and the most decent and honorable public servant in my lifetime, President George H.W. Bush. 
Here’s my latest column in USA Today on how the disastrous implementation of Obamacare and VA scandal have undermined the Administration’s credibility and ability to lead.   http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/06/10/obama-irs-obamacare-hhs-health-care-column/10247575/
I've called for an investigation into the Administration's decision to release five high-level Taliban detainees from Guantanamo Bay. It's crucial that we know the national security impact and take steps to ensure these terrorists don't return to the battlefield to threaten American soldiers.   http://1.usa.gov/1u2uYUt
Had a chance to catch up with some Miami University students yesterday. Enjoyed hearing about their summer internships.
I joined CNBC's Squawk Box this morning to discuss the need for tax reform to keep jobs here at home.   http://youtu.be/xFoFpW8AtHw 
Read my latest weekly column to commemorate yesterday’s D-Day Anniversary: A Prayer for Freedom 
Visited the Chalmers P. Wylie VA Ambulatory Care Center this morning for a townhall meeting with Columbus-area veterans to hear about the problems they are facing and what we need to do to fix them.
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day, I'm pleased that my D-Day prayer bill passed the Senate last evening. My bill would install a plaque on the WWII Memorial, at no cost to taxpayers, honoring the words that President Franklin D. Roosevelt prayed with the nation on June 6, 1944.
Just spoke with CNN about the national security concerns over the Administration's decision to release 5 high-level Gitmo detainees.
Last night I held a teletownhall with thousands of Ohioans and heard a lot of concern about the VA. If you'd like to share your VA experience with me, feel free to visit my website. My office stands ready to help. http://1.usa.gov/Sf3bnC
For the past several years, I have been a volunteer for a group called Team River Runner that helps wounded warriors by getting them engaged in whitewater kayaking. I have seen the positive impact on self-esteem and confidence for some of our men and women who sustained injuries serving all of us. It is also a great support group and a fun activity for many veterans who are not able to engage in other kinds of sports because of their injuries.  Yesterday, I had another great day kayaking on the Potomac River with Team River Runner. One of my jobs yesterday was to help guide a blind veteran through whitewater rapids on the river. I've done this before with him. It is both a lot of responsibility and an uplifting experience. Like last time, I came away amazed by his courage and positive attitude.  Yesterday, at the suggestion of one of the veterans, I did something different: I blindfolded myself for about 20 minutes and experienced firsthand what it's like to paddle on a river relying on someone else to tell me what to expect.  My guide was a double amputee who was hit by a roadside bomb in Iraq. I have paddled with him before and have seen his character when he went over in a white water rapid and could not roll back up and had to be rescued. I was the first one to get to him that day and was less worried when I saw the smile on his face. He likes adventure. He now wants to become a guide for blind veterans, so he practiced on me.  Paddling with these guys, watching how they are coping with the visible and sometimes invisible injuries of war, and hearing their stories, is inspiring.  We all owe them a debt of gratitude. Team River Runners (www.teamriverrunner.org) is one way to help pay back a special group of veterans.
New leadership and a fresh set of eyes can often be helpful in solving problems like the ones plaguing the VA. That said, I think it’s important we remember that this is a systemic problem throughout the VA and that simply replacing the Secretary—while necessary—is in no way sufficient to begin to eliminate the problems that have plagued veterans’ healthcare.
Congrats to Cooper Tires in Findlay on their 100th anniversary!  We must work to ensure Washington is helping, not hurting, Ohio businesses.
Spent the morning with veterans in Dayton to hear about their experiences with the VA. Yesterday's report makes it clear there's a failure of leadership and demonstrates systemic problems throughout the VA. If I were President Obama, I would immediately remove VA leadership, hold those responsible accountable, and fire Secretary Shinseki.
Recent VA reports are appalling and this pattern of negligence must end. Share your experience with the VA with me here, and my team and I will work to ensure you are receiving the care you have earned. http://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tell-me-your-va-experience
My Memorial Day weekend highlight was to share some time with US Airmen deployed to Poland - including a few Ohioans!
On this Memorial Day, as Americans celebrate the freedoms that come with being a citizen of this great country, we must remember the price that so many have paid to keep us safe and secure in our liberty.
In Ukraine observing their presidential elections. An important day for a free and democratic Ukraine.
Over 100 Ukrainians gave their lives fighting for a free and democratic Ukraine.  Their spirit lives on through today's election.
It was a privilege today to walk the Maidan and see firsthand the scenes of sacrifice and dedication for a better Ukraine.
Spoke with MSNBC live from Ukraine about the importance of the Ukrainian presidential elections tomorrow. http://youtu.be/clc8NSdT9-I   
An honor to meet with Prime Minister Yatsenyuk to discuss the importance of tomorrow's election.
We need accountability and transparency in the VA. Our veterans deserve to be the first in line for the best care possible.
Had a fun time running in the ACLI Capital Challenge this morning. The race benefits the Fidelco Guide Dog Association which places guide dogs with wounded warriors. Here's a picture of Team Portman post-race.
Fraudulent management of appointment records at the VA is unacceptable, and today I urged Secretary Shinseki to increase transparency and fix the problem as soon as possible. http://1.usa.gov/SfoxBv
The Administration spent billions in Obamacare subsidies, but doesn’t know if the recipients even qualify. The American people deserve to know how the Administration is planning to ensure precious taxpayer funds are provided to only those who are eligible.  
Congrats to my son Will as he graduates from college tomorrow - great family gathering today.
Big congrats to 90-year-old World War II veteran Walter Bunker on his graduation from Xavier University yesterday. What a great story. 
Exciting weekend at the Youngstown Air Reserve Station with the return of the Thunder Over the Valley Air Show. #910th 
Today is the 4th Annual Kids to Parks Day. Ohio’s national parks are a cherished resource. Discover one below. 
With Sen. Rand Paul and Rep. Brad Wenstrup at Carpe Diem-Aiken in Cincinnati to talk about the importance of school choice.
Calling for a Senate Select Committee to investigate Benghazi. The American people, and especially the families of the fallen, deserve to know more.
The DATA Act was the result of a bipartisan, bicameral effort to upgrade fiscal transparency. Read about the successful legislation here: 
Huge round of applause for Keith Maupin at my constituent coffee this morning. Keith is the father of Sgt. Matt Maupin who was tragically killed in Iraq in 2004. To honor Matt's life, his family started the Yellow Ribbon Support Center which sends packages to soldiers overseas.
In honor of National Police Week, I've introduced a bill that will ensure the families of fallen officers receive the benefits they've earned. http://1.usa.gov/1st1kqq
I believe we must apply constructive conservatism to the persistent problem of poverty. We must take a bottom-up approach that gives Americans the tools they need to lift themselves up.
Wishing every mom a very Happy Mother's Day. This photograph was taken on Capitol Hill on the day of my first swearing in to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1993. My sweet mom had just said the prayer at my swearing-in. We lost her to cancer the next year.
4 am wake up call for turkey hunt in Noble County. No bird, but hiked through some beautiful woods.
Spoke at ceremony for new veterans memorial and business park in Washington County. New site will boost economy and add jobs.
Stopped for a moment of reflection at the Healing Church in Athens County, said to be Ohio's smallest sanctuary.
Today I met with Olivia Burns from the Lucas County Human Trafficking Coalition in Toledo. Whether it occurs in Ohio or Nigeria, human trafficking is a horrific crime and we must work together to #BringBackOurGirls
Had the chance to meet Ohio Northern students at my Buckeye Coffee this morning. If you're in DC this summer, I hope you'll stop by our weekly coffee.
It’s time to pass my bipartisan energy efficiency bill to create jobs, save taxpayer money, make the environment cleaner & ensure America has a secure energy future, which is important to our national security. 
Great BuzzFeed list of “The Best Damn Food in the Land” from Columbus. What’s your favorite? http://bzfd.it/1jiZffz 
Another example of why we can and should cut government waste:  the National Science Foundation spent $700,000 supporting a musical about climate change. Read more from my Waste of the Month series here: http://1.usa.gov/JTBYTX
Think we need to rein in spending? Want to know how our record debt impacts you directly? Check out the debt calculator on my website here: http://1.usa.gov/1u1bD8O
Had a productive discussion with Wright Patterson's Lt. Gen. C.D. Moore and Colonel Cassie Barlow today on the vital role Wright Patt plays in Ohio and to our Air Force.
The United States and its allies must stand with the Ukrainian people during this time of Russian aggression, and I've co-authored a bill that will allow us to engage in a strong, comprehensive approach to the deteriorating situation in eastern Ukraine. 
My bipartisan op-ed on how to best prevent drug addiction before it starts and provide treatment to those who want to turn their lives around was featured in Roll Call today.  
Appeared on Fox News Channel to discuss need to repeal Obamacare and replace it with patient-centered reform. 
Great to be with the Eastern Ohio Development Alliance today. Productive discussion on how Washington regulations impede business and how to increase economic opportunities in the region.
Congrats to the Cincinnati Enquirer Women of the Year honorees for recognition of their outstanding leadership and community service. I’m especially proud of my wife, Jane, for being among this year’s recipients. She is an amazing mom, wife, and devoted community leader.
Just saw where our recycling goes: Rumpke in Cincinnati is impressive; one of the largest, fastest & most technologically advanced recycling facilities in USA.
At a townhall meeting in Jackson County tonight to discuss the need to tackle drug abuse that plagues our communities.
Visited Bellisio Foods today - one of the largest food processing centers in the country, right here in Jackson, Ohio.
The Administration's 5-year delay of the Keystone XL pipeline decision is unacceptable. We should move forward with building the pipeline that will create tens of thousands of jobs and would be a welcome boost to Ohio’s manufacturing sector.
As families across Ohio and around America join together to celebrate this special holiday and the promise it holds for a better and more peaceful world, I want to wish everyone a Happy Easter.
Looking to enjoy the spring weather? Visit Cuyahoga Valley National Park during National Park Week, starting today.
Today I teamed up with the Drug Free Action Alliance in Columbus to host a roundtable discussion on heroin prevention and treatment in our communities.
American families and businesses deserve a fair shot. Good discussion at Byer Steel in Cincinnati on the need for comprehensive tax reform.
Check out my BuzzFeed list: "8 Things That Make Americans Cringe On Tax Day" and why it’s time for comprehensive tax reform: 
Once again the time has come for the Jewish community to come together in a spirit of remembrance and hope at the Seder table to celebrate the start of the Passover holiday. At this time of fellowship, Jane and I want to wish all a Chag Sameach.
Discussing my Jobs for America plan with workers at CMT in Youngstown which includes workforce development reform.
Proud of Jane for being a 2013 Cincinnati Enquirer Woman of the Year for all she does in the community. An amazing mom, wife, and devoted community leader. 
Last week, we were able to win a small, but important victory for the 20,000 families of Delphi salaried retirees who lost up to 70 percent of their pensions because of the actions of the Obama Administration. 
Visited ArcelorMittal yesterday to see the most productive steelmaker in the world right here in Cleveland.
Productive discussion on workforce training and manufacturing issues with Steel Warehouse employees in Cleveland yesterday.
The United States and its allies must stand with the Ukrainian people during this time of Russian aggression, and I appreciated the opportunity to meet with local leaders of the Cleveland-Ukrainian community today.
I am pleased that my bipartisan DATA Act, legislation to empower taxpayers to see how their money is spent and improve federal financial transparency, has passed the Senate. By enabling us to better track federal spending, this bill will help identify and eliminate waste, which is crucial as we struggle to reduce our record $17 trillion debt.
While the Department of Defense has made great strides in the way it treats invisible wounds of war, the steady persistence of this problem demonstrates the need for more action. That's why I've introduced legislation, the Medical Evaluation Parity for Servicemembers Act, to improve the way we identify and treat behavioral health issues as well as improve the way we take care of our servicemembers throughout the duration of their service and during their transition to civilian life. http://1.usa.gov/1qjiZ4F
I'm pleased that the bipartisan unemployment insurance agreement has passed the Senate. Now we must work for additional significant reforms to a broken program that's failing to connect Americans with jobs.
I joined Fox & Friends this morning to discuss the latest Obamacare news and the GOP alternative to Obamacare.  
Glad that 82 Ohio veterans could travel to D.C. this weekend to visit their World War II Memorial. #HonorFlight
Had the chance to meet with OSU students visiting DC this week. OH-IO!
Proud to be an original cosponsor of the Hire More Heroes Act, a bill that incentivizes employers to hire more veterans by providing ObamaCare relief. When our troops come home, we should do everything we can to help them find a job.
With Tax Day around the corner, Americans need more jobs, not higher taxes. Read my op-ed featured in The Daily Caller:
It's Opening Day at Great American Ball Park. Let's go Reds!
Excited to see Marietta in the Top 10 of Smithsonian Magazine’s 20 Best Small Towns to Visit in 2014! Was in the area yesterday. #DiscoverOhio
Touring B&N Coal Co. today in Noble County. Coal is responsible for 71% of the electricity generated in Ohio.
Yesterday, I spoke with ABC in Cleveland on the bipartisan unemployment insurance agreement and the need to make significant reforms to this broken program.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbkiQNn-2lg&feature=youtu.be
Yesterday,  Senator Levin and I officially launched the Senate Auto Caucus. Ohio is proud to be the 2nd largest auto-producing state.
Enjoyed meeting with members of the Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber during their annual visit to Washington today. We discussed economic development initiatives as well as transportation and infrastructure issues, including the Brent Spence Bridge Project.
Interested in applying to a U.S. Service Academy? My office is hosting informational sessions throughout Ohio. Dates and locations can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/1gtyXYg
On the four-year anniversary of Obamacare, we see higher premiums & fewer choices. Share your Obamacare story with me. 
Good luck to the Dayton Flyers tonight! Ohio is rooting for you. #MarchMadness #FlyerNation
When I talk to Ohioans about their concerns, one issue is always at the top of the list—jobs. Read my weekly column: 
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I had a great time marching in the Cleveland St. Patrick's Day Parade.
Selection Sunday tonight - I predict a strong showing of 4 Ohio teams: your predictions?  #MarchMadness
With Josh Klofta of Logan County Ducks Unlimited after speaking at annual dinner on importance of land conservation.
Critical that we close the skills gap in Ohio. Visited RAMTEC & Tri-Rivers Career Center in Marion today to discuss job-training.
In Kenton today to visit International Paper. Excited about their expansion that will create 120 new jobs here.
Good discussion on 21st century manufacturing jobs during my tour of GM Powertrain in Toledo.
Glad to reach a bipartisan agreement on extending & paying for unemployment insurance. The President called for a ‘year of action’ and I hope that in the months to come, as we look for a long-term solution, he joins us in proposing significant reforms to this program.
This morning, I announced the Jobs for America proposal which will bring back opportunity, spark an economic recovery and make it possible again for every citizen to have a shot at the American Dream.   President Obama and congressional Democrats have tried to tax, spend and regulate American prosperity, but those ideas haven't worked. We know we can do better, and it starts by putting our trust back in the American people.
Ohio students interested in learning more about the U.S. Senate: my office has extended the internship application deadline to Friday, March 14th. You can apply here: http://1.usa.gov/1cuMgo3
Delivered the Weekly Republican Address to lay out my Jobs for America Plan, seven commonsense proposals to help create jobs.
Some great news for Ohio workers today: Ford is moving production of their all-new truck from Mexico to Avon Lake, Ohio.
Had a valuable discussion with Ohio leaders of Ukrainian-American communities this afternoon. It is important that we stand with Ukraine.
Honored to meet with Ohio Delegates of Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW today to discuss productive ways to help our veterans. 
President Obama’s budget shows he still hasn't learned that we can’t tax, spend, and borrow our way to prosperity. 
Welcome home to the Ohio National Guard's 371st Sustainment Brigade who returned yesterday. Thank you for your service.
On Fox News Sunday, “We need economic growth, not new taxes.” Watch here: 
Will be on Fox News Sunday tomorrow to talk about the need to deal with the deficit & enact pro-growth policies. Hope you can tune in.
WASTE: The federal government holds 77,700 buildings that it classifies as not fully utilized. Many of these buildings are totally vacant, while others are partially used with additional space that could be rented out. Still others are in conditions better suited for demolition.
Toured Hamilton Caster & Manufacturing Co. today and discussed ways Washington can better help encourage job creation.
The National Museum of the Marine Corps is hosting the Lima Company Memorial “Eyes of Freedom” this week, paying tribute to our Ohio Marines. 
Excited to renew my effort to pass my bipartisan energy efficiency bill. The legislation will save energy, protect the environment, save consumers money, and create jobs. 
So proud of Jane for receiving the Tutor of the Year award from the English Language Learning Foundation for her work at Cincinnati Public Schools.
Appeared on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning to talk about the need for pro-growth policies ahead of the release of the President’s budget proposal. 
Will be on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning at 8am to talk about what I hope for in the President’s budget. Hope you can tune in.
Led a large bipartisan effort calling on the Obama Administration to push for the release of Pastor Saeed from Iranian prison. 
"The United States should never default on its debts, but we also shouldn’t mortgage our nation’s future by continuing to recklessly spend money we don’t have." 
To honor Black History Month, I celebrate the important achievements of some of Ohio’s African American leaders. 
Ohio students interested in learning about the Senate? Deadline for summer internship program is March 7th. More info here: 
Fun final weekend watching the incredible Team USA Olympic athletes. Now bring on March Madness!
Check out my weekly column on my bill that passed the U.S. Senate and takes needed action to protect Ohio's freshwater resources. 
Clevelanders rally at City Hall today to support Ukraine protesters.  I stand with all Ukrainians who seek a more open, transparent, and democratic future.
Good luck to Ohio’s own Kelli Stack and Brianne McLaughlin on their quest to bring home the gold for USA Women’s Hockey today against Canada!
“Let’s stimulate the economy through pro-growth policies.” 
Visited Bluegrass Farms in Fayette County yesterday. Will continue my efforts in the Senate to support Ohio's #1 industry.
Just finished a great townhall meeting with employees at Alkermes in Wilmington to talk about their efforts to treat drug addiction.
5 years & many broken promises later, the failed stimulus shows we need more pro-growth policies to bring back jobs, not more government spending.
Proud the Senate passed my legislation to restore programs for fighting harmful algal blooms last week.  It will prioritize protection of the Great Lakes for the first time ever.  
Welcome home to the soldiers from the 437th Military Police Battalion of the Ohio National Guard. Thank you for your dedication and service.
The tradition continues: took my Valentine Jane to Skyline Chili tonight -- her favorite restaurant!
Hosted a forum with community leaders at the University of Dayton today on ways to end human trafficking. We must continue this fight.
Read my latest weekly column: Obamacare's Unintended Consequences 
I’m pleased that the Senate took action today to repeal the unfair cuts to current military retirees’ payments that were included in the recent budget agreement. Singling out current retirees and servicemembers is not the right approach to dealing with our nation’s deficit.
Thanks to the Ohio FOP for visiting today. Appreciate your good input and dedicated service to our Ohio communities.
Discussed the troubling CBO report and negative impact of Obamacare "On the Record w/ Greta Van Susteren" last night. Watch here the interview below.  
Packed house yesterday for a meeting with Ohio's community college leaders for a discussion on education policy and closing the skills gap.
Talked about the deficit, need for pro-growth policies, and impact of Obamacare at today's Budget hearing. Watch here: 
Jane and I visited the 3rd grade class at Alliance Academy in Cincinnati today to promote Teach For America.
Latest news is yet another sign Obamacare is a jobs killer. We must delay for individuals, then repeal and replace. 
We've got a 35-year low Labor Force Participation Rate and Obamacare makes it worse. Watch my interview this morning on Meet the Press here: 
Talking with Wood County Sheriff Marc Wasylyshyn at the human trafficking roundtable in Toledo today.
Held a roundtable at the University of Toledo to hear from community leaders and discuss my efforts in the Senate to stop human trafficking.
Joined the NW Ohio Regional Economic Development Association forum in Perrysburg to talk about manufacturing opportunities for Ohio workers.
Visited the Innovation Center at Owens Illinois in Toledo this morning to talk about energy efficiency and opportunities to encourage job growth.
I introduced bipartisan legislation today to improve foster care services for America's most vulnerable youth. Read more about it here: 
Appreciated the update on Ohio National Guard readiness and work from Major General Ashenhurst and her team today. Thank you for your service.
Was inspired by the National Prayer Breakfast this morning, joining my friend Rev. Henry Curtis from Cleveland's St. John AME Church.
Important reminder of why we all must join the fight against human trafficking. I'm working in the Senate to address this growing problem. 
Today’s troubling CBO report confirms what we already know – Obamacare is bad for jobs and hurts middle-class Ohio families, costing the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs in the next decade. 
Pressed for answers on IRS scandal on Fox News with Bill Hemmer. The President should not prejudge the outcome of ongoing investigations. Watch here: 
Pulling for the Broncos tonight. Looking forward to a close game. Which team are you rooting for? #SuperBowlXLVIII
2nd State Department study on the impact of the KeystoneXL pipeline project clearly shows this makes sense! Approval needed because we need JOBS now.
Hosted lunch for Republican Senators today featuring Ohio favorites Skyline & Graeters. Check out the takeaway gifts and follow me on Instagram: http://instagram.com/senrobportman 
Proud to join U.S. Senator Tim Kaine to lead the Career & Tech Ed Caucus. We must narrow the skills gap to get Americans back to work. 
Talked with CNBC's Squawk Box this morning about the President’s State of the Union address. “Words are one thing, action is another.” Watch my interview here: 
Appeared on CNN earlier to talk about what I want to hear from the President tonight. We need to build on common ground between Republicans and Democrats to break through the gridlock and create more opportunity. 
Doing some preview interviews w/ Ohio TV for tonight's #SOTU. What do you want to hear from the President tonight? instagram.com/p/juUkxNEiKH/ 
Jane's and my thoughts & prayers are with the families of the brave firefighters who lost their lives in Toledo yesterday. True heroes.
We need to encourage energy efficiency technologies in all sectors of our economy, while also fostering job creation. 
Federal job training programs are failing to equip people with the skills they need to acquire jobs. We can fix this. Read more here: 
I am pushing Senate to take up bill to reverse cuts to military retiree pay, as was promised during budget debate. See my bill to do it here: 
Glad to receive assurance from the Air Force to keep SAM 26000, which formerly served as Air Force One for multiple presidents, at the National Museum of the United States Air Force in Dayton as part of the Presidential Aircraft Gallery.
A stronger America begins with protecting the unborn. 40 years and still marching for life. #prolife #whywemarch
Appeared on Fox News to talk about Obamacare hurdles and the need for economic growth. Watch here:
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. helped America realize its own dream of equality under the law. And yet, there is still much work to do.
Honored to speak at the 29th Annual MLK Day Breakfast in Columbus to celebrate the life and example of a great leader.
Joe Hallett from The Columbus Dispatch is one of the best in the business. Quite a history in his final column. 
Congratulated the Class of 2014 Service Academy Nominees in Columbus today. Among the best and the brightest from Ohio.
Joined Rep. Joyce Beatty and State Rep. Teresa Fedor in Columbus today to talk about child sex trafficking and my new legislation to help find missing kids.
With the 121st Air Refueling Wing at Rickenbacker Air National Guard Base in Columbus today. Great to see Ohio Air Guardsmen doing such critical work.
Introduced a bipartisan bill today to better coordinate law enforcement efforts to bring missing children home. Read more about my legislation here:
Joined Your World with Neil Cavuto today to talk about the need to rein in the two-thirds of federal spending on autopilot. Watch here: 
Senate Democrats' refusal to come to table on Unemployment Insurance debate shows what's wrong with Washington. We need solutions, not politics. Watch more below:
Insightful Wall Street Journal op-ed on the Administration's 'nonenforcement' approach to law and how it undermines our constitutional order.
Fun to visit with Miami University students this morning. Enjoyed the opportunity to get important insight from future leaders.
Welcome home to the Ohio National Guard's 220th Engineering and Installation Squadron after deployment in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Thank you for your service.
Visited with small high tech businesses at Ohio University's Innovation Center yesterday. Good input on what Washington can do for job growth.
Fun to visit Hocking College and meet with culinary students there. Great example of new training for jobs in Southeast Ohio.
Team at Ohio University's Institute for Corrosion & Multiphase Technology is working to solve corrosion issues impacting Ohio's growing energy industry.
At Ohio University Innovation Center seeing how 3D printing helps manufacturers innovate and prototype, creating jobs in Ohio.
Trying out Google Glass at Ohio University's Innovation Center with a grad student.
Spoke on floor urging Senate Democrats to allow a vote on my amendment that contains a proposal based on the President’s own budget. Watch here:
I spoke on the Senate floor earlier about my amendment that would help pay for a three month extension of Unemployment Insurance and urged Senate Democrats to allow votes.
Introduced an amendment today to prevent duplicative spending by ending double-dipping between unemployment and disability benefits. My amendment would also implement the President’s own plan to reduce improper payments and speed reemployment, saving money in the long run.
My Cincinnati office is closed today due to a power outage. Please call the Columbus office if you need immediate assistance. 614-469-6774
Spoke on the Senate floor about the need to pay for any Unemployment Insurance extension and, most importantly, how to get people back to work.
As Congress considers extending emergency unemployment insurance benefits again, my focus will continue to be on how to get Ohioans back to work by improving the economy and creating the opportunity for more people to find a job.  I voted to proceed with the debate over how to address unemployment insurance with the hope that during the debate the Senate will agree to pay for the extension and work to improve the unemployment insurance program so it works better to connect those unemployed with available jobs.  Not paying for the extension adds to the nation's historic debt, causing more uncertainty for the economy and making it harder to create jobs.  We must also include reforms that help equip the unemployed with the skills they need to access jobs currently available, through worker retraining reforms like those in the bipartisan CAREER Act I have introduced with Senator Michael Bennet.
Seeing first-hand the value of reentry programs at Grafton Correctional today. I recently introduced a bipartisan prison reform bill to encourage this model.
Visited Oriana House's North Star Reentry Resource Center in Cleveland. Great example of programs that reduce recidivism.
Joined Councilman Jack Schron and African American leaders in Cuyahoga County this AM to discuss reentry and job training issues.
In snowy NE Ohio today to visit Cleveland's Oriana House and Grafton prison to get input on my Second Chance legislation for returning prisoners that saves taxpayer money.
Excited for the Buckeyes game tonight. Let’s finish a great season with a win -- Go Bucks!
Happy new year! May 2014 be a great year for you and your family, and for our great country.
As 2013 comes to close, I think of the blessings of family & friends but the missed opportunities in Washington to address our nation's problems.
Happy 225th Birthday to the Queen City #Cincinnati
In 2013, my casework team worked on over 2,300 new cases for Ohioans in need of aid. Here's some of what we've done:
Even with partisan gridlock in Washington, my efforts have focused on helping Ohio. Check out 2013 Accomplishments below:
May you and your family be surrounded by the warmth of the holiday season. Merry Christmas from my family to yours.
Let’s remember all the brave men and women serving overseas in our Armed Forces who can’t be home for the holidays.
Visited with residents and Red Cross volunteers at Glenwood Middle School as we work to mitigate the flood damage.
Saw firsthand today how flooding in the Findlay and Ottawa region continues to plague local residents and businesses.
Fun to watch the Bengals clinch a playoff spot today -- here with Jane and two BenGals #WhoDey
Honored to join Anthony Muñoz last night to celebrate cadets and midshipmen at the All Academies Ball. Thanks for your service.
Discussed the budget agreement and debt ceiling on Bloomberg Television's Political Capital this morning. Watch here:
Proud to host the Central State University Chorus at the U.S. Capitol today for an inspirational performance.
I enjoyed my birthday tradition today of working on a Habitat for Humanity house.
Took to the Senate floor tonight to explain why the budget deal, while necessary, is far from perfect. Watch my remarks here:
I support the bipartisan budget agreement because it takes modest steps to reduce the deficit without raising taxes, relieves the sequester’s impact on our national security, and prevents another government shutdown.  This budget agreement is far from perfect. It does not take the needed steps to reform our nation’s ballooning mandatory spending on autopilot and does not address the need for pro-growth tax reform to create jobs. We cannot continue to kick the can down the road, and I am disappointed that Washington once again missed the opportunity to fix the debt problem and get the economy moving.
I teamed up with Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) and Reps. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) and Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) to write an Op-Ed in The Hill to highlight the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act (DATA), legislation that would expand transparency and accountability for federal spending by requiring standardized reporting of federal spending to be posted to a single website.
Glad the EPA has decided to reconsider the onerous, nonsensical fire hydrant regulation that will hurt communities across Ohio.
Jane and I enjoyed volunteering with the Inter Parish Ministry again this year distributing Christmas gifts and turkey to families in need.
Happy 377th Birthday to the National Guard. Always Ready. Always There. Thanks to the Ohio National Guard and all those who serve.
Secured important commitment from key Senate leader to work toward extending health tax credit for Delphi salaried retirees.
Working to fix nonsensical EPA regulation that promotes rampant government waste, forcing communities to trash over $1 million of equipment.
Jane and I were deeply saddened to learn about the passing of William L. Mallory, Sr. He was a man of humble beginnings who led by example and dedicated his life to public service, most of which was spent in the State House where he was the first African American Majority Floor Leader. He worked to ensure that others in our community could share in the same success he achieved. As patriarch of the Mallory family, William leaves behind that legacy of service and civility from which we can all learn. I always valued his friendship, and our thoughts and prayers are with Fannie and the entire Mallory family as they mourn his loss.
Check out my Cincinnati Enquirer op-ed on my plan to end future government shutdowns and still ensure spending is reduced:
On This Week with George Stephanopoulos: "If you want to deal with income inequality, the number one way to do it is to get people to work."
I'll be on This Week with George Stephanopoulos this morning to talk about the looming budget deadline & need for economic growth. Hope you can tune in.
On Lake Erie this morning near Port Clinton hunting with friends. Cold day - lots of ducks; some going home with me.
We pause today to remember "a date which will live in infamy." We honor those who served and the price so many paid at Pearl Harbor.
Visiting with high school students at University School in Cleveland.  Responsibility, Loyalty, Consideration
Asked Ohioans to contact me to share their experiences with Obamacare and explain how this law is impacting their lives:
Just got the Christmas tree up in my DC office, and this year it's a beauty from Dirr Nurseries in Goshen, OH.
ICYMI - Eureka Ranch has launched #Invention BluePrints, a patent system for innovators in manufacturing. Was proud to work with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to unlock these patents, to create jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare’s “main achievement is turning out to be diminishing affordable care.” - The Wall Street Journal
Happy to be hunting in Southern Ohio with my two sons - hunted Pheasant, Chukar and Quail.
Happy Thanksgiving! I hope you have the chance to spend time with your family today.
As Jews in Ohio and around the world prepare to celebrate the Festival of Lights, Jane and I extend our wishes for a very Happy Hanukkah.
Great to speak with the Kiwanis & Rotary Clubs of Lebanon at the Golden Lamb about creating an environment for job growth.
Thousands of Delphi families and former employees face repercussions of Obamacare on their healthcare choices, adding even more uncertainty.
Fun to be with a die hard fan at OSU's historic 23rd straight win at the Horseshoe in Columbus. #GoBucks
Touring Chrysler in Toledo to learn about their World Class Manufacturing program and investments at the Toledo Assembly Complex.
Today we remember President Kennedy's death, but we must also remember his life and the rich legacy he left behind.
Held hearing today with Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.) on the important role of inspectors general in protecting taxpayer dollars.
Today we honor the Gettysburg Address. We still hear Lincoln’s call. Liberty is our goal, freedom our watchword.
Great to visit Humana RightSource outside Cincinnati. Held a townhall meeting with employees - lot of concern about Obamacare.
Had a good dialogue with Gov. Bob Taft's class at University of Dayton today talking politics & policy.
Jane at Red Cross signing holiday cards to service members overseas. She met with Sgt. Travis Burton and his dogs Buckeye & Breezy, who returned with him from his tour of duty in Afghanistan.
Met w/ Howard Berry from Cincinnati today. His son, Army Staff Sgt. Joshua Berry, was injured during the horrible Fort Hood attack in 2009 and took his own life this past February after suffering from severe PTSD and depression. America’s veterans must receive the mental and physical healthcare they deserve, and I am proud to stand with Howard Berry and other Ohioans as we work towards that goal.
More evidence that Obamacare cannot be fixed - it must be repealed. Enrollment numbers far below Administration's expectations.
Proud to introduce the Second Chance Reauthorization Act - a successful program that supports state and local reentry programs to reduce recidivism.
Obamacare is fundamentally flawed. It’s clear that it isn't ready for prime time and should be delayed and repealed.
Among the veterans I remember today are my father and grandfather, both of whom served as Infantry Lieutenants in the US Army - one a veteran of WWI, and the other a veteran of WWII. They helped teach me early on that in order to preserve values we hold dear, like freedom, equality, and opportunity, sometimes Americans have to put on the uniform and put their lives on the line.   On this Veterans Day, let us recommit ourselves to continue to work to ensure that America's veterans have the health care they need, the economic opportunities they deserve, and the respect they have earned.
The few. The Proud. Happy 238th birthday to the United States Marine Corps.
Special weekend for WWII heroes at the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force in Dayton last night, a final salute to Doolittle Raiders.
Proud to support the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I am committed to protecting innocent life.
Appeared on Your World with Neil Cavuto to talk about today's Senate Finance Committee hearing with Sec. Sebelius. There are fundamental problems with this healthcare system that go beyond a website, and there is more trouble ahead.
The roll-out of the Federal Obamacare Exchange has been a disaster.  I have heard from multiple constituents that they were unable to connect at all and those that were able to connect found that their rates have gone up significantly. Please share your story with me here:
Demanded answers from Sec. Sebelius on the troubling roll-out of Obamacare at the Senate Finance Committee hearing earlier today.
Supreme Court heard arguments today about prayer before government meetings. Hope the Court listens to Amicus brief I signed and upholds right to pray.
I went "On The Record with Greta Van Susteren" last night to talk about Obamacare’s failed implementation and the problems ahead for the legislation.
Saddened by reports that Pastor Saeed has been moved to a more dangerous prison. Sign the petition for his release:
We can #expandopportunity and narrow the skills gap through job training reform. Keep up the great work Opportunity Nation.
Great visit with the team at the Coalition for a Drug-Free Greater Cincinnati today. They are doing terrific work throughout our community to help combat drug abuse.
We should delay Obamacare and then replace it with real health-care reform that lowers costs and improves quality. Check out my op-ed on National Review, and let me know if you agree.
Fun to visit w/ @PrezOno today to talk about great projects going on at #UC #CCM #HottestCollegeInAmerica
We can grow our economy and save vital programs like Social Security & Medicare, but we need adult leadership.
The Ohio State University Marching Band has been on fire this season -- another great halftime show this weekend:
Today is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. Find a Take-Back Initiative Collection Site near you.
Ohio students interested in learning more about the Senate & internship opportunities with my office should apply here:
Continued push for Second Chance Act reauthorization at Freestore Food Bank's Cincinnati COOKS! Great reentry training partner.
Learning about job training programs at the Alvis House Community Reentry Center. Had great roundtable on the Second Chance Act there today.
Visited Lutheran Metropolitan Ministry in Cleveland this morning. Great example of Second Chance Act funds being used in NE Ohio to help in community reentry.
Touring Camp Ravenna Joint Training Center to get look at the great capabilities for training our nation's finest.
Government is spending more money than it brings in. My weekly column: Preventing the Coming Debt Crisis
Joined CNBC's Squawk Box this morning to talk about the path forward on the underlying problem facing the American economy – spending.
After weeks of Washington dysfunction, I am glad to see the government reopen and Congress working together to make sure we don't default on our debts.  I am also happy that my push for income verification to prevent fraud and abuse in the implementation of Obamacare and minimize the negative impact on Ohio families was part of the final agreement.  This is a win for the American people.  Lurching from crisis to crisis is no way to rejuvenate America's economy, and unfortunately, we do not have a long-term fix that will prevent another shutdown in January.  In order to provide more certainty for our economy and government agencies and the families across the nation who rely on them, I will continue to fight for passage of my End Government Shutdowns Act, bipartisan legislation to ensure that Americans do not have the threat of a government shutdown hanging over their heads.  Now that Congress has temporarily avoided this economic crisis, I am hopeful that President Obama will stick to his promise and come to the table.  We've done our part, and now he must do his to negotiate on a path forward to deal with Washington's underlying problem of overpromising and overspending that brought our nation to this boiling point in the first place.  My colleagues and I are here, ready and willing to negotiate on how to rein in Washington's out-of-control spending on autopilot so that we not only prevent a future debt limit crisis in February, but also avoid putting a debt crisis on the backs of our children and grandchildren.
We salute YOU, Army Ranger Josh Hargis, for your service & heroism. We are so thankful for you & all those who serve.
“I think this morning if we can leave with anything it is that this is an opportunity...to deal with the underlying problem. And that is the fact that we have these historic levels of debt and deficit that are hurting the economy today. It's like a wet blanket on the economy today. That's why we’re not, in my view, getting the kind of robust recovery we all hoped for, but it is immoral to do to future generations. We keep building up this debt and deficit...we’ve got to deal with the part of the budget that’s not being talked about, which is two-thirds of the budget and the fastest growing part, and if we don't do that, we will have failed. If we do that, we’ll surprise the American people and do the right thing.”
Voted NO on raising debt ceiling without addressing spending problem. Need to both prevent a debt limit crisis today & debt crisis tomorrow.
Answered some phone calls at the office this afternoon to hear directly from Ohioans. Thanks for the input - keep it coming.
Highlighted the lack of preparedness in the implementation of OH Obamacare exchange months ago. Still need answers from Administration.
Glad some of Northwest Ohio’s heroes could visit their World War II memorial today. #GreatestGeneration
Joined Larry Kudlow on CNBC last night to talk about the need for President Obama to come to the table and negotiate with Republican members of Congress on a way forward to reopen the government and end the debt limit standoff with a proposal to address the underlying problem--mandatory spending.
Met with the 6th grade class from Lincolnview Elementary in Van Wert at the Capitol today.
The Wall Street Journal highlights the rough start to Obamacare last week. Worried that this is just the beginning.
Glad Sec. Hagel is using his authority as I suggested to get Department of Defense civilians back to work to support our men and women in uniform.
I call upon the White House to stop the political posturing and come to the table so we can find common ground, end this government shutdown, and negotiate something sensible on the debt limit.
While the government is shutdown, I’m donating to two causes close to my heart. I’ve been involved with wounded warriors for many years, including kayaking with Team River Runner. I also support Ride to Recovery, another great group that supports wounded warriors. The Wounded Warrior Project is a great organization dedicated to helping our brave injured veterans. Another issue I’ve been working on in the U.S. Senate is to end the horrible practice of human trafficking. I founded the Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking along with Senator Blumenthal (D-Conn.), and have passed the End Trafficking in Government Contracting Act and introduced the Child Sex Trafficking Data and Response Act of 2013. I’m proud to support central Ohio through the Salvation Army’s efforts toward the cause.  Learn more about where I am giving my salary during the shutdown here:
Heard the gunshots and very grateful for the Capitol Police who I saw running to the danger and putting themselves in harm's way. Praying for the victims and their families.
Welcomed OH constituents to office this morning for my weekly Buckeye Coffee. Short staffed with the shutdown, but I still want to hear from Ohioans.
Today's Wall Street Journal editorial on the CR’s almost $36 billion over the budget caps. We need real spending cuts.
At Cincinnati Children's Hospital Walk for Kids with Jane. Lots of grateful families who appreciate our great hospital.
This Dayton small business owner gets it right: "the Affordable Care Act...is certainly NOT affordable."
Talked with Shannon Bream on Fox about my NO vote on cloture.
Voted NO on cloture on CR. Bill busts budget caps by $19 billion & doesn’t defund Obamacare. Must address out of control spending now.
As of today, Pastor Saeed has spent one year in Iranian prison. I continue to call for his release. We must stand for religious freedom.
Spoke on Senate floor about need to replace Obamacare with healthcare reform that works for Ohio families.
Introduced an amendment ensuring budget caps continue despite Washington's dysfunction. If passed, it helps avoid bad last minute deals.
Your Tax Dollars…Down The Drain: $1.3 billion in overpayments from already near bankrupt SS Disability Insurance
Application deadline for Service Academy nominations is Friday, 9/27. Students who are still interested should call 800-205-6446.
The skills gap is a huge jobs issue we must address through workforce development reform. I talked about it during a visit to Plastic Technologies outside of Toledo on Friday.
My weekend project these past few weeks finally completed: a canoe/kayak rack I built under our deck.
Visited Plastic Technologies Inc. outside Toledo to talk about manufacturing, entrepreneurship & worker retraining.
On this National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we renew our commitment that "you are not forgotten."
Cleveland Clinic cutting budget due to increased costs under Obamacare train wreck.
Enjoyed talking with Ohio Aerospace Institute about continuing Ohio's leadership in aviation and space this morning.
Today we celebrate the 226th anniversary of the Constitution. Let’s honor it by returning to the limited government our Founders established.
Social Security going bankrupt yet overpays $1.3 billion in benefits per GAO.
My weekly column on the next step in the all-of-the-above strategy we need to achieve energy independence.
Had a great roundtable with the UAW at Ford's Sharonville Transmission Plant about issues impacting competitiveness of the American auto industry.
After 3 years, overwhelming support from the Energy Committee and over 260 endorsements, I am proud to have my bipartisan energy efficiency bill make it to the Senate floor.
It’s been twelve years since terrorists launched attacks against our nation. I don’t think any of us will ever forget where we were on that day, what our country went through, or the friends and neighbors that we lost. We also won’t forget the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform, who even now are fighting against our enemies abroad. I remain committed to making sure that our military has all the resources it needs to defend our nation from those who would do us harm, and to ensure, to the extent possible, the safety of our soldiers in combat. I hope that you will keep all of those military personnel who are in harm’s way in your thoughts and prayers.
The situation we face in Syria today is partly the result of a failed foreign policy. It’s time for a change of course. Strike first, strategy later, is a recipe for disaster.
Headed to the Senate floor to announce my position on the Obama Administration's request for authorization for the use of military force against the Assad Regime. Video here:
Proud to have support of Ohio Manufacturers' Association & Ohio Advanced Energy Economy for "cost-effective energy efficiency" bill.
May the year 5774 be marked by joy, health, prosperity, freedom and peace. Jane joins me in wishing all of those observing this Holiday, a Shanah Tova.
Spent the afternoon visiting with farmers in Dayton – great roundtable & tour at Mike Farm Enterprise. Agriculture is the #1 industry in Ohio.
Wouldn't be a trip to Wayne County without a stop at the Smuckers store for some great products.
Toured and visited with workers at the new Smuckers manufacturing plant in Orville. A great Ohio company.
Spoke to The Legal Aid Society of Cleveland today. Very proud of the good volunteer work done and services provided to the underprivileged in need of legal help.
In the Mahoning Valley last night to tour the famous Canfield Fair & get some good input from constituents.
Just wrapped up a tour of Valley Asphalt plant. Talked with workers about the facility and the good work they do.
Had a great roundtable at Colas Solutions in Cincinnati this morning to talk about Ohio's asphalt industry's efforts to be more energy efficient and create jobs.
In the 50 years since Dr. King’s “I Have a Dream” speech inspired a nation much progress has been made, yet there is more to do, together. Let us continue to build on his legacy and his advocacy of equality and opportunity.
Jane visited Flying Horse Farms in Mt. Gilead today. Impressive camp that has amazing impact on kids with illnesses & disabilities.
Toured the Lake Shore Cryotronic facility in Westerville today to discuss how my energy efficiency bill will help create jobs.
Jane and I were saddened to hear of Governor Gilligan's passing.  So many in my hometown of Cincinnati and the state of Ohio have benefited from his public service to our community, state and nation. His rich legacy of public service has been passed along to his  children, of whom he was very proud.  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends.
Great memories listening to 40 years of Reds games with Hall of Famer Marty Brennaman behind the mic.
Helped open new GrafTech facility in Medina County. High tech manufacturing jobs coming to NE Ohio.
Great to visit Ford CLE Engine plant and learn more about innovative work there. Good tour and roundtable discussion with plant and UAW leadership.
Just wrapped up a great townhall with BASF employees.  Talked about energy efficiency, Obamacare and other issues.
In Beachwood visiting BASF to see research that's being done in Ohio and being put to use around the world.
With Mayor Franklin and Matt Martin from TNP touring Warren and discussing legislation which would clean up blighted neighborhoods that need help.
Starting today meeting with constituents in the Mahoning Valley at a community coffee in Warren. Glad to hear their feedback & ideas.
I was in Cambridge yesterday learning how Quanex Building Products helps save energy in Ohio and around the globe.
At the MarkWest processing plant in Cadiz. Investment means jobs in Ohio and less dependence on foreign sources of energy.
Speaking to economic development officials at the OMEGA meeting in Cadiz today about how we can create a better environment for job growth in eastern Ohio.
Thanks to all the volunteers helping with the Yellow Ribbon Center relocation project. Had a great turnout today and got a lot done.
Excited to celebrate the new Yellow Ribbon Support Center & the dedication of folks who provide support for our troops.
In Chillicothe today visiting Kenworth Truck Company. Workers here are talking to me about the assembly process.
Stopped by Ohio Northern this afternoon to visit with the Polar Bears & wish them luck this season.
Visiting Wilson Football Company in Ada today. Talking about the NFL's breast cancer awareness footballs here. #MadeinOhio
Held a round table at Channel Grove Marina to talk Lake Erie issues. Working to protect our Great Lakes.
Had a nice morning with a great crew on Lake Erie today.
Grabbed a steak burger at the Huron County fair tonight. Headed up to fish on Lake Erie tomorrow.
Wouldn't be a complete trip to Toledo without a stop at Tony Packo's. Check out those fried pickles!
My Neighborhood Safety Act helps mayors like Toledo's Mike Bell remove abandoned homes that slow economic growth.
Glad to tour the great facility at Northstar BlueScope Steel Plant in Delta, Ohio today.
Great discussion with the Dayton Development Coalition today. Exciting job creation opportunities for the region.
Learning how C-STARS works. The program helps save countless lives of wounded military personnel. Proud to have at UC Health.
Jane & I had the chance to visit UC Medical Center staff partnering with the U.S. Air Force on a critical training program today.
Great to talk to the National FOP Conference in Cincinnati this morning. Thank for all their service. Excited to have them in Ohio this year.
Speaking at Ohio University Lancaster to the Chamber of Commerce the meeting about economic development and how we can better train workers.
Toured OU Lancaster to hear about all the great edu resources and programs they offer to students.
Celebrating 250 new jobs at ArmorSource in Hebron today. Proud that these Ohio made helmets will protect all those selflessly serving our country.
The controversy engulfing the IRS seems to grow bigger every day -- check out my Cleveland Plain Dealer op-ed here:
Trainwreck.  That's how the Senate author of President Obama's big government health care law described what's heading for us as we get closer to ObamaCare.  You can't get a more accurate description than that - Trainwreck.  I've been fighting to repeal and replace ObamaCare since I came to the Senate, and I will keep up the fight.  Along with some other Republicans, I'm supporting the Defund Obamacare Act of 2013, sponsored by Senator Cruz in an effort to save Ohio from President Obama's trainwreck. I  am also promoting targeted efforts to strip away parts of the law, including legislation to stop ObamaCare tax increases, like the Medical Device Tax, which hits Ohio workers hard. I am also trying to force a vote on giving all of us a one year extension on ObamaCare like the Obama Administration did for businesses.  After all, President Obama has given corporations a one year reprieve from Obamacare, why is he still forcing it on you?
Great to see my friend Keith Maupin & his Yellow Ribbon Support Center honored. He's tireless in support of our troops.
Joined Senate colleagues in urging President Obama to not back down on opposition to Iranian nuclear program.
Check out my Op-Ed in CBN News on our efforts to honor President Roosevelt’s D-Day Prayer.
Had a great townhall meeting with employees at Woolpert in Dayton today. Continue to hear a lot frustration with Washington.
President Obama’s big government health care bill was supposed to bend the cost curve down.  Instead, the average individual premium payer is out nearly an extra $100 a month.
Good piece at Field & Stream about Hope Taft and community cleanup efforts on the Little Miami. Keep up the good work.
Secured important step forward for pay for performance in WIA job training today. Next step: full Senate.
George Brown from our Cleveland office was in the Valley today as they announced more flights into and out of Youngstown-Warren Regional Airport!
Check out my POLITICO op-ed with Sen. Jeanne Shaheen on the need for energy efficiency. It makes good energy & economic sense.
This FBI raid uncovers more proof of trafficking happening in our own backyards all across America. While we focus on getting these 105 young victims the treatment and care they need to be able to begin to recover from this horrible trauma, we must all do more to put an end to sex trafficking. We can no longer close our eyes to this type of abuse and exploitation. I am committed to doing everything in my power to pass legislation like the Child Sex Trafficking Data and Response Act to help ensure that sex trafficking of children is a thing of the past.
Thanks to all the fellow riders at the Pan Ohio Hope Ride today. 75 miles in the rain in support of cancer research.
A heart-warming story about a class act and a hero.
I'm pleased to see the Senate approve my Brent Spence Amendment. We need to ensure that endangered bridges like Brent Spence get the adequate funding they need to keep our communities safe.
President Obama doesn't get it - Washington cannot encourage job creation by punishing job creators. Read my National Review Op-ed here:
Per The Washington Post, Senate Democrats are "slowing" student loan vote. We have a bipartisan bill that can be voted on NOW.
Just introduced an amendment to ensure bridge funding in the Appropriations bill goes to “functionally obsolete” bridges like Brent Spence in Cincinnati.
Instead of giving speeches about jobs, there is plenty President Obama can do to spur job growth now -- start with repealing ObamaCare.
Important Wall Street Journal column from Peggy Noonan on bombshell revelation in IRS scandal. We now know top DC officials were involved.
Your Tax Dollars...Down the Drain: New audit by State Department Inspector General discovered that the Department spent $630,000 persuading 2 million people to “like” its Facebook.
Obamacare is a burden on business and hurts job creation. Let’s also delay the law for individuals and families. #TrainWreck
Not just "low level" officials - turns out the IRS scandal goes to one of the top political appointees of agency.
Abandoned and blighted structures are public safety issue in many Ohio cities, and we’re taking steps to solve this. Check out my Lima News op-ed here:
Congrats to "Tiz" Guagenti of Lima on receiving the Catherine McAuley Lifetime Achievement Award for volunteerism. Your example inspires us all.
After the IRS scandal, who could oppose an Inspector General at an agency with little accountability like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?
Visited the Husky Lima Plant earlier today. Great to learn more about Husky's recent investments in Ohio.
Talking with Lima Mayor Berger about my legislation to demolish vacant, blighted structures that threaten our communities.
Meeting w Rep. Bob Latta & Findlay community leaders regarding our Blanchard River Flood Mitigation efforts.
NA
President Obama’s “Stimulus” and ObamaCare are proving by any measure to be failures…but this article raises an important point about how measurement can ensure tax dollars are spent effectively.
Fun visitors at this morning's Buckeye Coffee in Washington.
Check out my op-ed in the Akron Beacon Journal today on the need for a balanced approach on vacant properties:
Aboard the Lynx at the Tall Ships Festival
Checking out the vessels with project YESS students at the Tall Ships Fest on Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland.
President Obama’s decision to delay the employer mandate of the health care law because it will be a burden on businesses and job creators is proof the plan is more onerous and complex than he claimed. Rather than delaying its implementation for businesses, this law should be repealed for everyone. Americans deserve access to affordable and quality health care that best suits their individual needs, and government has no business forcing individuals, families, and employers to enter into costly health care exchanges.
Read my op-ed in today's Tiffin Advertiser-Tribune - Ohio families, Russian children: International heartbreak
Have an OpEd in the Cincinnati Enquirer on why E-Verify is critical for successful immigration reform -- hope you can take a look.
Senate Democrats have failed to act on a bipartisan bill to keep student loan interest rates from doubling today. Our students & grads deserve better.
Good to see so many friends at the Ohio GOP state dinner with Gov. Susana Martinez in Columbus last night.
Supporting the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act -- Senate Democrats should put what’s best for students ahead of scoring political points.
On the anniversary of the Supreme Court's ObamaCare decision, the implementation is looking like a train wreck. There is a better way.
Our immigration system is broken and in need of reform.  It can neither keep up with the demand for legal immigration nor stem the flow of illegal immigration.  Unfortunately, the legislation the Senate voted on today is not a real fix because it does not include the new enforcement measures needed as part of a comprehensive package. Without addressing the magnet that draws people here illegally, I believe any immigration reform effort will unfortunately fail.
Introduced bill today to strengthen Medicare by keeping seniors healthy. Better Health Rewards info here:
Congrats to the City of Columbus on being awarded the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve's SecDef National Freedom Award for its support of members of the U.S. military this year.
Jane joined the Ohio Federation of Republican Women Tribute to Women luncheon over the weekend - strong women leading the way for the Party.
Just introduced bill to strengthen E-Verify and prevent future illegal immigration.
Sally and I receiving our 2nd place medals with Mike Fremont at the Paddlefest Awards Ceremony!
Beautiful morning on the Ohio River for 12th Annual Paddlefest with 2000 paddlers! Great race with Sally.
Continuing to push Obama Administration to provide answers to Delphi Salaried Retirees stripped of pensions. Op-Ed here:
Thank you to the greatest generation for your service. Special morning at WWII Memorial with Honor Flight.
Honored to visit the World War II Memorial to welcome Honor Flight veterans, including Thomas Malaney, 4th Marine Division, from Cleveland.
Met with Justin Binik-Thomas today, the Cincinnati Tea Party member singled out in question 26 of an IRS questionnaire to unrelated organizations. Still no answers.
I urge President Obama to address the Russian adoption ban at the G-8 Summit. Heartbreaking for Ohio families.
Today, we take time to honor America's fathers and the important role that they play in our families.   Jane and I have been so blessed with three wonderful children, and there is no greater honor in life than helping to raise them. Building strong families is how we pass on the beliefs and traditions that have made this country great, the values that will continue to make us strong.  To all my fellow dads out there, enjoy today, and thank you for the role you play in shaping so many lives.
Happy Flag Day! Great story about Findlay, Ohio, Flag City, USA -- patriotic community with a proud tradition.
Happy 238th birthday to The U.S. Army. Thanks for all you do, and let’s remember those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to keep us safe and free. We cannot forget the generations of Army moms, dads, spouses, sons and daughters who too have sacrificed while loved ones have served near and far.
A new audit by the Treasury Department’s Inspector General discovered that the IRS spent nearly $50 million to hold at least 220 employee conferences between 2010 and 2012.
Launching a new monthly series highlighting government waste: Your Tax Dollars…Down the Drain.
Congrats to the Mahoning Valley on the dedication of the new billion dollar Vallourec seamless pipe mill. Fueling America's energy future and providing jobs in Ohio.
Our immigration system is broken, and in need of reform.  But passing the right reform is more important than simply getting something passed, and I am not able to support the legislation without stronger enforcement in place to ensure it will be a lasting, workable solution.  We need to be sure that we're not moving ahead with legal status for people who are here without putting enforcement in place, and that's something I'll be working towards on the floor of the Senate.  I look forward to a vigorous debate and to efforts to strengthen the legislation.
Canton, Ohio is the birthplace of professional football. Values like teamwork, integrity, and determination are distinctly Ohioan and are promoted by the Hall of Fame. The bipartisan Pro Football Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act highlights this important work and will help set the Hall of Fame on course for the next 50 years and does so with no cost to taxpayers.
Had a good Finance Committee hearing this morning to discuss the vulnerabilities of kids in child welfare & how to protect them from sex trafficking.
Just introduced the Neighborhood Safety Act, legislation that would allow municipalities and land banks to tap into additional funds to demolish vacant structures, which pose a growing threat to the public safety and economic well-being of our communities.
Jane & I are soon to be empty-nesters. So proud of my daughter Sally on her high school graduation tonight!
Very concerning report - The Ohio Dept. of Insurance estimates that the cost to cover health care expenses for consumers will  increase an average of 88% due to Obamacare.
Although it is good to see some net new jobs being added, today's job's report shows a slowing of job growth and a slight increase in the unemployment rate. Washington must encourage pro-growth policies that open up opportunities for all Americans.
I am working on legislation that would direct Interior Secretary Jewel, who I spoke with at a hearing today, to install a plaque or inscription at the National World War II Memorial with the words that President Franklin D. Roosevelt prayed with the nation on June 6, 1944. His words brought strength and comfort to many during one of the most challenging times for our nation and will forever be etched in our history.
69 years ago today the greatest naval invasion in history was underway as 73,000 Americans stormed the beaches of Normandy. The testament to their sacrifice is written in French fields of white crosses and stars of David.
Be sure to check out my op-ed highlighting legislation that will be introduced tomorrow to require child welfare agencies to report a missing child immediately in order to better keep track of missing kids and to prevent child victims of sex trafficking from falling through the cracks.
Like and Share if you think the VA employees should be helping our nation’s vets, not their union bosses.
Just stopped by Habitat for Humanity's site on the National Mall. Building homes for veterans - great initiative.
Your tax dollars wasted: $17k to teach IRS agents how to paint like this:
Got a few swings in with the team tonight after votes. My staff joins together with Sen. Marco Rubio's to form #SwingStateSluggers
Good visit to Newark VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic earlier today. Enjoyed talking with our vets about their care & need for accessible treatment.
Visited with Mental Health & Recovery for Licking & Knox Counties about drug abuse fight & mental healthcare for veterans.
Good paddle on Little Miami River this evening with my trusty companion, Chuck. Training for canoe race on Ohio River June 22nd.
Visiting Tech Columbus today -- checking out Nanofiber Solution's fiber trachea here. Bio tech industry growth is great for Ohio.
The Administration says it’s the "most transparent in history." Hope they meet the 5PM deadline to turn over IRS docs in the investigation.
Got out on the Little Miami River last night with my daughter Sally - used our 97 year old shuttle.
Congrats to Youngstown State University on announcement of $440 million in-kind grant from Siemens. Focused on closing skills gap in Ohio.
be sure to follow my Instagram account http://instagram.com/senrobportman for updates from my travels across Ohio.
Commerce Department must defend Ohio-based companies from illegal Chinese trade practices.
It was fun to meet & congratulate some of the newest Junior Rangers at Cuyahoga Valley National Park yesterday. More info about the program here:
Jane and I headed out for a ride on the towpath in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park.
Honored to be at the Cuyahoga Falls Memorial Day ceremony to honor all those who lay down their lives for the cause of liberty.
Kicking off Memorial Day at the Cuyahoga Falls Parade. Remember those who sacrificed for our freedom.
On this Memorial Day we remember those who have fallen, and we recommit ourselves to ensuring that those selfless heroes who die for this country are never forgotten.
Jane & I stopped by the Annunciation Greek Fest in Tremont in Cleveland. Great tradition with lots of good food & music.
Honored to visit w/ Lt. George Morton, Pearl Harbor survivor. Make sure to thank our Armed Forces for their service.
Remembering our fallen heroes at the Ohio Western Reserve National Cemetery in Medina County
In Columbus at First Church of God. Then if you are in NE Ohio - maybe see you at the Western Reserve Cemetery Memorial Day ceremony, Tremont Greek Festival or Vino Veritas opening later today.
After a few cancelled flights last night, I just landed in Ohio. Headed home to wish my wife Jane a Happy Birthday!
Reports say Lois Lerner on admin leave. But what’s happening at Cincinnati office regarding IRS?
Headed to Senate floor to talk about the need for answers in the IRS scandal. Watch below at 4:30pm:
Joined CNBC's Squawkbox gang this morning to talk about overhaul of antiquated and complex tax code & growing IRS scandal.
Visited with some Redhawks from Miami University in my office this morning -- future leaders with lots of opinions.
Former Acting IRS Director Miller admits today he responded to our inquiry re Tea Party targeting BEFORE talking to the team investigating.
71 American heroes from Ohio are visiting Washington, D.C. today with the Honor Flight Network. Thank you for your service.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those in the Midwest tonight. Please do what you can to help during this time of need.
Check out this story from ABC Toledo on my fight for Ohio families. I sat down with four great families last week to listen to their heartbreaking stories after being separated from children they had come to know as their sons and daughters.
Proud to be with brave men and women currently serving in our Armed Forces in Springfield this afternoon.
Honored to speak at the Springfield Rotary/Kiwanis Armed Forces Day Lunch. Our veterans deserve our thanks & support.
Looking forward to joining ABC's This Week tomorrow to discuss the serious IRS reports and other troubling news from the last few weeks.
At Stepping Stones' 50th Anniversary Picnic Celebration in Cincinnati talking about the important role the organization has had in the community and in my family.
Reminder: We have a hearing next week as part of an investigation into improper IRS treatment of 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) organizations. If you feel that you or your organization have been wrongly treated, please email us your story to Constituent_Feedback@portman.senate.gov.
Need your input for Senate investigation into IRS targeting of nonprofit organizations.
Troubling report: IRS asked pro-life group about content of public prayers. Unconscionable. We need answers immediately.
Alright, Ohio, let's go vote for Cincinnati-Style Chili in America's Best Food contest.
Sent a letter to President Obama demanding full and accurate answers as to whether or not the White House or Treasury Department privately pressured the IRS to target conservative groups.
Talking with Marco Rubio  & Southwest Ohio Tea Party leader George Brunemann about the IRS scandal.
Read my USA TODAY op-ed this morning on how recent scandals have further weakened our trust & confidence in government.
Joined colleagues today in a letter to the President demanding Obama Administration comply with investigation into how the IRS targeted conservative groups.
Great race this morning for an even greater cause benefiting Wounded Warrior Project.
Met with an impressive group of women from The Jo Ann Davidson Ohio Leadership Institute this morning.
Saw the ruling in Gosnell case – a tragic case that needs further investigation to be sure it never happens again.
On this Mother's Day, let us take extra time to celebrate those women in our lives who have given us not only hope and faith and love but life itself.
Finished productive roundtable at C-TEC in Licking County with business and education leaders to talk about training.
Visited the Boeing facility in Heath earlier today to see firsthand the importance of our defense industry and skilled manufacturing.
Headed into economic roundtable in Newark after visit to Boeing facility in Heath. Spent time at OSU's Glenn School this morning.
Although I am happy that it has finally admitted to placing politics over policy, the IRS owes conservative groups far more than a mere apology for their unfair treatment.
Congrats to the city of Akron & Goodyear on the grand opening of their new global HQ. Ohio is proud to have them here.
Supported amendment tonight to stop Asian Carp. Glad it passed.  We are one step closer to protecting Ohio waterways.
Nice to visit with Deputy Fire Chief Billy Goldfeder from Loveland, and his friends from the International Association of Fire Chiefs.
Just a few short weeks after its introduction, the energy efficiency and job creation strategy I proposed with Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) passed the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources with strong bipartisan support today. With energy efficiency, we have the cleanest, fastest, and most cost-efficient way to strengthen our economy and create American jobs, while also addressing our nation’s energy challenges.
Overflow crowd at this morning's Buckeye Coffee
Ohio is the most-improved state in the nation according to a survey of CEOs regarding best states with which to do business. Credit balanced budgets, eliminating deficits, tax cuts and aggressive economic development efforts. Washington should look to Ohio as an example.
Headed over to the Peter G. Peterson Foundation Fiscal Summit to talk debt/deficit with Chuck Todd  - tune in here: www.fiscalsummit.com.
A lot of answered prayers in Cleveland for the safe return of Amanda, Gina and Michelle. More prayers needed as healing process begins.
Washington’s soaring taxing, spending and borrowing have contributed to the weakest economic recovery since the 1940s. Be sure to read my column in the Cincinnati Enquirer here:
Will continue the conversation at the Peter G. Peterson Foundation Fiscal Summit tomorrow. Two very different venues/events but one focus: we must address this crisis.
Looking forward to talking with BuzzFeed tonight about our nation's debt/spending problem. Watch the conversation here:
I hope you and your families can enjoy Ohio's Free Fishing Days on May 4th & 5th. Here are a couple of my favorite Ohio fishing photos – my brother and me with Dad when we were young and me fishing with my kids.
NA
Today’s jobs numbers remind us that our labor force participation rate remained at the lowest level since 1979, meaning millions still have yet to see a real recovery and have given up hope of new opportunity.
Joining BuzzFeed Brews on Monday. Looking forward to a good conversation. I hope you can make it. RSVP below:
Praying for our country today on National Day of Prayer and a special prayer for Pastor Saeed.
I sent a letter today to the VA Secretary expressing my concerns on the backlog claims standing in the way of veterans care & problems with the program to address it.
Jane had the opportunity to visit UH Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital today in Cleveland. Here she is with Dr. Jonathan Fanaroff in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit talking about their innovative care.
Seeing Sherwin-Williams Breen Technology Center in Cleveland firsthand after a manufacturing roundtable talking about jobs, the need for workforce development, tax reform and other policies to create an environment for job creation.
Sat down with Rear Admiral Mike Parks to discuss the future of operations of the Coast Guard's 9th District & our Great Lakes. It was a great opportunity to thank USCG men and women keeping us safe on Lake Erie this summer.
Nice for Jane and I to reconnect with our friends Bishop Larry Macon and First Lady Marilyn on the lake for lunch today.
Met with the leadership of Ohio Right to Life today in Columbus. I'm proud to stand with Ohioans on the frontlines to preserve life of the unborn.
At Jackson County Drug Task Force roundtable. It is critical for communities to work together to address Rx drug addiction.
Just spoke about how Washington should combat prescription drug abuse at the Opiate Conference in Columbus.
Over 1000 job seekers  met with employers, educators and training providers at the Youngstown Energy Jobs Fair yesterday. Check out the video here:
I sat down with job creators in Tuscarawas County who are concerned about barriers from DC that are hurting job growth & slowing down the economy.
This afternoon, I toured Zimmer Surgical in Dover. It is time to repeal the medical device tax on young companies and hardworking engineers and scientists.
Toured Cryogenic Construction in Mingo Junction to see firsthand the technical welding working being done there.
Great day on the road. Started the day off at the Energy Jobs Fair in Youngstown-- connecting Ohioans with good energy jobs.
I reintroduced the CAREER Act today, renewing a push to make federal job training programs more responsive to the needs of the 21st-century job market. These measures will help connect the unemployed with good jobs and more effectively leverage taxpayer dollars.
Looking for work in the Mahoning Valley?  Energy sector growing quickly in Eastern Ohio. I'm hosting a jobs fair on Monday. Learn more here:
Check out the Toledo ABC 13 piece on the bipartisan energy efficiency bill I reintroduced last week:
Hearing more stories about FAA travel delays. I want to make sure the Administration hears from you on this. What has your experience been? #ObamaFlightDelays
Dayton Business Journal highlights how my energy bill starts  "transition to a more energy efficient economy while driving economic growth and encouraging private sector job creation."
In the woods by 6am for first day of OH turkey season; beautiful morning but no luck; back for votes this afternoon. Teletownhall tonight.
The Business Journal highlights the Energy Jobs Fair I'm hosting in Youngstown next week and the opportunities for returning veterans.
As we celebrate Earth Day today, here’s one thing Tom Udall and I are working on to help on conservation.
Thank God. Looks like law enforcement in Boston have suspect in custody - let's get info needed to avoid future attacks.
After a long & trying week for our country, this clip from last night of Teddy, the Cincinnati Reds honorary bat boy, brings a needed smile.
Joined President Ono for his investiture this morning. Very excited for the University of Cincinnati.
NA
Proud to reintroduce my bipartisan Energy Efficiency bill that will create jobs & drive national strategy.
Know there has been a lot of interest, so I wanted to make sure you knew why I opposed Manchin-Toomey...I do not believe it would be effective in preventing the kind of heartbreaking loss of life seen in Newtown or in other recent tragic incidents.  It does, however, contain several provisions that would make it more difficult for law-abiding Ohioans to exercise their Constitutionally-guaranteed rights.  Read more on our website below.
Jackie Robinson broke the MLB color barrier 66 years ago today.  He left a lasting impact on the game & more importantly our nation. #42
On Tax Day, here's a good reminder of why tax reform is needed. Complexity does trump common sense: 6 billion hours filling out forms!
Jane and I are saddened by the loss of Rep. Charlie Wilson. He was a friend and dedicated public servant. He will be sorely missed.
Tax Freedom Day arrives today in Ohio – Americans worked five days more this year than in 2012 to pay their taxes. #WrongDirection
Because media not covering, many are just hearing about the Gosnell case. Such a tragic story, & inexcusable lack of attn paid being paid to it.
Exciting work going on with health care partnerships in Northeast Ohio. Glad to hear from University Hospitals CEO, Tom Zenty.
Great update in Central OH break-out session about Honda teaming up with Tri-Rivers in Marion to train folks in autonomous robots.
Talked jobs and workforce training at panel discussion at my Ohio Jobs & Workforce Development Summit in Columbus.
Met with some great OSU students from the Glenn School at the Capitol today -- OH!
Look forward to hosting the Ohio Jobs and Workforce Development Summit tomorrow in Columbus. Panelists participating represent over 200,000 employees in Ohio.  It should be a good discussion.
In middle of sequestration, this is a head-scratcher.  Is this worth forcing 45-50 workers to take a furlough this year?
The President is learning that the policies of Jimmy Carter -- more taxes, more spending, more regulations -- will lead to the economy of Jimmy Carter, less opportunity, less hope, more people giving up, and ever more debt.
The President's budget proposes deficits of $5.3 trillion and $8.1 trillion in new debt over the next decade. Where's the Balanced Budget?
Great group of Ohioans turned out for this morning's Buckeye Coffee - I host one every Wednesday in session.
Today, we mourn the loss of a great friend of the United States and a true leader, Margaret Thatcher.  She was a model to me in the way she put conservative ideals into action.  She never backed down from confronting the false promises of communism and socialism head on, and she understood that free markets and limited government were the surest path to opportunity for all.  She will be sorely missed, but her legacy lives on. May God bless Lady Thatcher and her family.
Youngstown State University signed a research agreemnt with a Korean school with help from the Youngstown/Warren Regional Chamber. It's a win-win for the Valley.
In Dublin visiting Smiths Medical to see firsthand how the new medical device tax is costing jobs in Ohio.
Toured the new Eaton Corp Headquarters in Northeast Ohio with CEO Sandy Cutler.
Great visit to Cleveland today. I toured the state-of-the-art University Hospitals Ahuja Medical Center and talked about health care innovation.
With one of my heroes growing up, Reds great and Hall of Fame 2nd baseman, Joe Morgan.
As Jane and I take time today to celebrate Easter with our family and friends, I want to wish you and your family the very best. We should all be grateful for God’s blessing.
Today, Ohio commemorates Vietnam Veterans Day. To all vets, thank you for your service.
OSU’s 4th straight year in the Sweet 16 - looking for another win against University of Arizona Wildcats. Go Bucks!
Politico Pro today highlighted passage of my amendment to the Senate Democrats’ budget that would empower the Congressional Budget Office to release alternative dynamic scores of tax bills to reflect how tax policy alters people and markets’ behavior.
New study shows Obamacare could raise claim costs in Ohio by 80.9% per person in the individual market by 2017.
Glad to see State Department call for Iran to immediately release American Pastor Saeed Abedini. Religious freedom is one of the most basic human rights.
Good news for American energy, American jobs.
Unfortunately, the Senate Democrats’ budget continues the failed pattern of excessive taxing, spending, and borrowing.  Rather than continuing to expand the size and scope of government with more spending and more borrowing, it’s time to expand the private sector and add jobs.
Our tax rate, which in 1986 was purposely put in place to be just below the average of all the developed economies in the world, is now the highest rate in the world. We should cap or eliminate inefficient tax preferences and loopholes, and should use that revenue to reduce both the corporate and the individual rate without adding to the deficit
Sadly, March Madness is an appropriate name for the Democrats' attempt at a budget. Trying to tax, spend, and borrow our way to prosperity does not work.
I joined my colleagues in calling on President Obama to reaffirm commitment to working closely with new government of Israel.
The pattern of reckless spending is driving our long-term debt & deficits. This CR spending bill was a missed opportunity to really cut spending so I voted no.
I visited with NASA astronauts at this morning’s Buckeye Coffee. Very interesting to talk with them.
Excited that NCAA March Madness kicks off tonight in Dayton! Hoping to see deep runs by the Zips, Bearcats, and Buckeyes.
Spoke at INSIGHT America's briefing with JC Watts earlier about re-entry initiatives to help strengthen communities & save taxpayer money.
I have come to believe that if two people are prepared to make a lifetime commitment to love and care for each other in good times and in bad, the government shouldn’t deny them the opportunity to get married.
Just cosponsored bipartisan legislation to approve the long-delayed Keystone XL pipeline. After nearly 5 years of study, it is time to move this project forward.
This choice before us is really pretty simple: Are we going to implement gradual and pro-growth reforms now, or are we going to have to do drastic reforms later?
Met w/ Mayor Mallory this morning to discuss some topics important  to Cincinnati – not the least of which was the Red's April 1 home opener!
My heart goes out to the victims of this terrible tragedy and to their families. Please keep Warren in your prayers.
I was on CBS News Face The Nation yesterday talking about the need for the President to give Democrats political cover to enact real reforms to entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare. Reform is necessary to keep these vital programs sustainable. Check out the link below...
Headed over to go on Face the Nation on CBS. Hope you'll tune in this morning.
Be sure to check out today's Dallas Morning News Editorial about the need for comprehensive spending and tax reform to create greater economic growth.
I’m hosting an Energy Jobs Fair in Youngstown - April 29th with the Ohio Oil and Gas Association and Youngstown/Warren Regional Chamber. Visit my website for details.
Visited with friends at the 2013 Ohio Farm Bureau’s Presidents Trip this afternoon. Always good to get their input.
My office is accepting applications for internship opportunities for Ohio students in my Washington, D.C. and state offices. Today is the deadline for applications. Learn more here:
Congrats to Aja Brooks for her hard work in fighting drug abuse in Ohio. Good luck at HHS! The Cincinnati Enquirer highlights the important work.
Good Cleveland Plain Dealer story highlighting turnaround in Youngstown. Youngstown Warren Regional Chamber & others are doing great things in the Mahoning Valley.
Congrats to Kalmbach Feeds on 50 years of business. I toured their plant earlier today and bought some feed for our chickens that I'm putting in my pickup.
Happy birthday, Ohio! 210 years old today. The Ohio General Assembly met for the first time on this day in 1803.
It has been 1,400 days since the Democrat-controlled Senate has passed a budget. We need to get our fiscal house in order and it starts with a budget.
Just wrapped up another teletownhall. I talked about getting Washington's budget under control through smart spending cuts, tax reform and modernizing entitlements.
President Obama's last budget detailed $520 billion over the next 10 years in cuts, consolidations, and savings. Flexibility would let sequestration start there. Too bad we still haven't seen the President’s budget for this year. We could have had updated cuts, consolidations and savings to look at.
Hearing from Airmen at the Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine at Wright-Patt. Just finished up a great visit.
Read today's Lancaster Eagle Gazette Editorial about the need for tax reform now and my plan to lower the overall tax structure to spur economic growth.
Wrote my weekly column on how Ohio is leading the way on bioscience innovation. Check it out here:
This list of Cincinnati’s finest foods has me craving Skyline Chili. What’s your favorite?
Jane and I had a great time watching the Buckeyes tonight with President Gordon Gee, some students and Brutus!
I talked with Fox Business Network this morning on why Congress must overhaul our broken tax system in order to spur job creation and economic growth. Check out the video:
In Dayton at the Montgomery County Ex-Offender Reentry press conference speaking about how we can improve lives and save taxpayer money.
Checking out the P&G Mason Business Center firsthand after my Fox Business interview there this morning.
Discussed worker retraining in Harrison this morning with small business leaders, Mayor Joel McGuire and Cincinnati State President O'dell Owens prior to Cincinnati State’s dedication of new airport hangars.
Touching story in the Plain Dealer: University of Toledo Rocket DL Ben Pike quits football to help fiancée, a 2nd grade teacher, fight leukemia.
I went on CNN's Starting Point this morning to talk about the President's State of the Union Address. Watch it here:
Reports say the President plans to refocus on job creation and economic growth tonight.  While I wonder why he’d lose focus on these issues to begin with, it is worthy of debate.  What do you think is the best way to grow our economy and create jobs?  
2 big wins for the Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking -- passing our amendment to VAWA & reauthorization of TVPA
Rare 100-0 vote on Senate Floor. Great to see the strong support for my amendment to VAWA in effort to stop human trafficking.
Here's more from the Toledo Blade on our VAWA amendment that aids child victims of sex trafficking.
Hoping to have 2 big votes on Monday on human trafficking, including a vote on my amendment to the Violence Against Women Act and a vote to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, of which I'm a cosponsor.  You can learn more about our Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking here goo.gl/bKcZj
Only in Washington would they spend so much time trying to undo $100 billion in already agreed upon spending reductions for one year, instead of investing the time to figure out why we run deficits of nearly the same amount every month: http://1.usa.gov/11HMvHX
Last night, I went on FOX's On the Record with Greta Van Susteren to talk about President Obama's failure to comply with budget law.  In case you missed it, watch it here: http://bit.ly/14PbQiM
Today, I joined Senator Kirsten Gillibrand’s bipartisan Resolution Celebrating Black History Month 2013.  As we celebrate Black History Month, we should all take a moment to reflect on the great strides we have made toward equality.  Just a few weeks ago, our nation’s first African-American President was sworn into his second term while overlooking the National Mall, which is now home to a memorial commemorating the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who courageously reminded us that people should "not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character."  While our nation has come a long way on the path to racial equality and tolerance, more work remains, and I urge all Americans to come together to ensure that we leave behind a strong and united America for future generations.  You can read the full text of the resolution here: http://1.usa.gov/XcanxA
I was sorry to learn that Director Mark Sullivan has decided to retire following a 30 year career as a Special Agent of the United States Secret Service. I have known Mark for many years, and have always been impressed by his quiet competence and integrity. He was the right leader at a challenging time for that outstanding organization. He will be missed as Director.
I talked to Bengal Hall of Famer Anthony Muñoz yesterday. He says his heart is with the Ravens, but his head tells him it'll be the 49ers this Sunday. What do you think?
America must pay its bills - no one is arguing against that point.  What we are debating is how to shrink those bills moving forward so the federal government doesn't continue maxing out its credit card and selling out future generations.  The bills are too high, and it would be irresponsible to merely pay our past obligations without having a real debate about Washington's reckless spending habits and how to avoid this situation in the future.    I'm disappointed that the Senate did not adopt two bipartisan principles debated on the floor of the Senate today to provide a pathway forward to real spending reform, and I cannot in good conscience vote to move forward without a pathway to making the tough decisions necessary to stabilize the nation's out of control debt and end the era of trillion dollar deficits.  These two commonsense principles would ensure one dollar in savings for every dollar in new debt, which returns Washington's spending back to the historically-average levels, and end the threat of a government shutdown and artificial cliffs.  I am pleased, however, that Senate Democrats have finally promised to move forward with a budget, something they have failed to do for three whole years.  I hope it is a more serious document than what President Obama has put forward, which has failed to receive a single vote from either party, in either house of Congress, for two years in a row.  With the nation's fiscal situation in such a perilous place, however, just passing a budget is not enough; we must force a real debate on how best to rein in our spending and reduce our deficits in the short-term, which Dollar for Dollar would do.
First vote on my amendment requiring a dollar in cuts for every dollar Washington increases the debt limit is at 12:15p.  In advance of that, take a look at the National Review's article talking about our fight to cut spending
I’ll be speaking about my plan to provide a pathway forward to real spending reform on the Senate floor at 10am.  My Dollar-for-Dollar Deficit Reduction Act & End Government Shutdowns Act are 2 of 4 GOP amendments to reform DC's spending.  Read more about the bills here: http://1.usa.gov/Wkl14a;  http://1.usa.gov/VULasO
About 70 mins worth of back and forth with Ohioans on our teletownhall, most of them from NE Ohio.  Lots of questions, lots of feedback.  Appreciated it all, had over 20k Ohioans on at one point or another.  As always, great feedback, great questions.
About to dial into our teletownhall, will be talking to a few thousand Ohioans tonight about the issues impacting their lives.  Important way to keep in touch with Ohio families, get feedback and ensure their voices are heard.
Check out Toledo Blade editorial today re our Second Chance Act & how addressing prisoner reentry can save taxpayers money
Congrats to Cincinnati’s St. Xavier’s Coach Steve Specht on being named Don Shula NFL High School Coach of the Year: http://cin.ci/11fTI1J
Today I cosponsored the Justice and Mental Health Collaboration Act, bipartisan legislation that will make communities safer by improving access to mental health services for people in the criminal justice system who need treatment. By helping the nation’s criminal justice system work with its mental health system, this bill will help reduce the rates of repeat offenders and improve safety for law enforcement officials.  As a Congressman in the House of Representatives, I co-authored the Second Chance Act to help former inmates turn their lives around, become productive members of society, and strengthen communities.  In order to enhance those efforts, we need to make sure that those who need access to mental health treatment do not go unnoticed so that they receive the proper care they deserve. This bill encourages safer communities not only by increasing access to mental health care treatment, but also by ensuring that our law enforcement officers are properly trained to handle mental health crises.  You can read more about it here: http://1.usa.gov/WtnUmg
Crain's takes a look at our bill repealing part of President Obama's big government health care law
On tonight with Greta Van Susteren at 10p talking about our legislation making Dollar for Dollar principle permanent, which will force DC to make tough choices necessary to address nation's out of control debt, hope you tune in.
I'll be on Fox News with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10pm EST to discuss the debt limit and my dollar-for-dollar plan to cut spending. Be sure to tune in!
Mark it down: All Star game in Cincinnati in 2015, finally everyone will see what we’ve always known, no better baseball city than Cincinnati
Senator Jon Tester and I just introduced legislation that will keep the government running & prevent haphazard, last-minute budget deals.  Despite repeated signs that Washington’s out-of-control spending threatens to bankrupt the country, Washington continues to be deadlocked about the budget debate.  Although Congress continually fails to pass appropriations bills by the October 1st deadline, Americans should not have the threat of a government shutdown hanging over their heads.  Our legislation ensures the federal government continues to provide the necessary services to its citizens while protecting against the panic and pressure of last-minute budget deals, allowing Congress to make the decisions necessary to get Washington’s fiscal house back in order.
Today, I introduced the Dollar-for-Dollar Deficit Reduction Act, a bill that will promote spending reform by preventing Congress from raising the debt limit unless that legislation also cuts commensurate spending over the next decade.   As we begin the latest in a string of battles over raising the debt limit, it’s time to address the underlying problem - unsustainable spending. Our economy has not exhibited the robust growth we all hope for, and continuing this pattern of soaring spending will only worsen matters by piling onto our record-high debt and dumping an unconscionable burden on future generations.  Washington cannot continue to raise the debt limit while kicking the can down the road on deficit reduction.  In order to spur job creation and get our economy back on the right track, we must restore fiscal responsibility, and this starts by stopping Washington’s reckless pattern of spending money we don’t have.  You can read more about my bill here: http://1.usa.gov/Wkl14a
Last minute, we were able to get 50 unclaimed Mall & Union Sq tickets to students from North Bend, OH's Taylor HS in DC for the inaugural.  Stay warm guys!
Joining Larry Kudlow's radio show to talk debt limit & spending debate at 1030 today, listen live here
Joining Larry Kudlow's radio show to talk debt limit & spending debate at 1030 today, listen live here
Checking out the 50,000 ton @alcoa press with employees at their Cleveland Works plant.
Also got a chance to talk w/ Boy Scouts from Troop 501 in Medina about community service & the values which make this country great.
Joined Judge Polster for naturalization ceremony in Cleveland. Congrats to new citizens who became Americans today
Caught up with Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson at the Cleveland Clinic MLK breakfast this morning.
My op-ed on tax reform is on Politico this morning:  Politico Don't give up on tax reform By Sen. Rob Portman, January 17, 2013  Some observers were quick to conclude that the New Year’s Eve fiscal cliff agreement “killed” tax reform for 2013. It’s certainly true that President Obama’s insistence on a tax rate hike as the price for preventing trillions of dollars in tax increases on all Americans was a huge missed opportunity. But reports of the death of tax reform are greatly exaggerated. As a new member of the Senate Finance Committee, I am confident that an overhaul of our broken tax system remains not only doable but essential for job creation and economic growth.  For all its defects, the fiscal cliff agreement actually made tax reform easier to achieve by making tax rates permanent. Since 2001, taxes on everything from salaries and small business income to investment earnings and gifts have been temporary — a source of economic uncertainty and perennial fiscal fights. New permanent rates create a clear starting point for tax reform and end disputes over the baseline that have vexed past reform attempts.  Nor did the agreement in any way blunt the momentum for tax reform. There is a broad and growing consensus that our tax system is plagued by excessively high rates on business and labor income, a complex maze of tax preferences, and an outdated approach to American businesses competing for customers abroad. The cliff deal did nothing to solve those problems and in some areas worsened them. The pressure for tax reform is strong as ever.  But far more important than why tax reform can happen this year is why it should happen: our tax code has become an obstacle to growth, and only a robust, growing economy can create the new jobs (and future tax revenues) that we need.  ...  Read more of my op-ed here: http://politi.co/13GHD3W
When the U.S. Senate resumes business next week, I will introduce  the Dollar-for-Dollar Deficit Reduction Act to prevent Senate Democrats from using debt limit increases to kick the can down the road on spending reduction.  I was able to speak about my plan on CNBC's Squawk Box this morning.  In case you missed it, watch it on my YouTube page: http://bit.ly/10wPe7y
I also had a chance to talk about spending & the debt limit with Gretchen Carlson on FOX & Friends this morning. You can watch it here: http://bit.ly/VYpi03
Last night I had the chance to sit down with FOX's Sean Hannity to discuss why Washington must address its out-of-control spending.  In case you missed it, be sure to check it out here: http://bit.ly/VHVkxS
I'll be on FOX tonight talking with Sean Hannity about what we can do to reduce spending in the upcoming debt limit debates.  Be sure to tune in tonight at 9pm!
Jane took part in a naturalization ceremony today in Delhi Township, enjoyed meeting these new citizens
Meeting w workers at Dearing Compressor in Youngstown. Company growing because of Ohio energy production.
Catching up with grassroots GOP volunteers in the Mahoning Valley to talk about the issues we must address in Washington DC.
Yet another reminder of unsustainable budgets:  The Hill:  “At this pace, the deficit would be on pace to top $1 trillion for the fifth-straight year in 2013. All the trillion-dollar deficits have taken place under President Obama.” http://bit.ly/11cBsG0
In the 113th Congress, I will be joining the Senate Finance Committee as well as continuing to serve on the Senate Budget, Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and Energy and Natural Resources Committees.  In addition, Senator John Cornyn (R-TX), the incoming Senate Minority Whip, has asked me to continue serving on the Whip team as a Deputy Whip.  The Finance Committee is the place where I think I can help Ohio and my constituents most.  The big issues that must be addressed to avoid a fiscal crisis all run through the Committee, and I look forward to being in the middle of efforts to both grow the economy and address the out of control spending.  This means we must reform and preserve our vital yet unsustainable entitlement programs, modernize and simplify an out of date tax code, and substantially increase our exports by opening new markets for American workers, farmers, and service providers. The Senate Finance Committee will be at the center of each of these debates, and I'm looking forward to using the experience gained on the House Ways & Means Committee, and as the U.S. Trade Representative and Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to ensure we do what is needed to truly turn the economy around and avoid a fiscal crisis.  I’m also pleased to continue as a Deputy Whip and plan to use this important role to get our economy back on track and encourage job creation.  http://1.usa.gov/VleBSK
One of America's most highly respected economic reporters tells it like it is. Robert Samuelson says it's time for the President to lead on spending: http://wapo.st/ZQxQdr
