The 113th session of Congress officially ended late last night. In the last few days of session, I’m pleased Congress passed three important bills that will benefit Wyoming and our economy. Soon, the President will sign the BLM Permit Processing Improvement Act of 2014, the Grazing Improvement Act and the Bureau of Reclamation Conduit Hydropower Development Equity and Jobs Act. Each of these bills will cut Washington red tape, streamline oil and gas permitting on federal lands, deliver much needed certainty and stability to Wyoming’s ranching families, and increase hydropower development. In the new year, I’ll continue to introduce legislation that will transfer power and control from Washington Bureaucrats back to the people of Wyoming.
Wyoming has about 100 Air National Guard airmen deployed in Qatar right now and they are doing an outstanding job. They are members of the 187th Airlift Squadron and support airlift operations in the Middle East. I was honored to share Thanksgiving with them today and have the opportunity to speak with them about home. We talked about Cowboy football, their families and the weather back home. I made sure they knew how much folks back in Wyoming miss them and how thankful and proud we are of their service.
President Obama’s announcement on executive amnesty flies in the face of his promises to follow the law, deliver ‘fairness’ and help unemployed Americans find good jobs. Instead of reaching across the aisle after the election, President Obama has shut down the opportunity for common ground. His action will make it even harder for Washington to pass responsible immigration reform. In the aftermath of the President’s decision to ignore Americans, Congress will act. We are listening to Americans and we will stand up for them.
Today we honor the heroes who have sacrificed so much to keep our country safe and free. Thank you for your service.
Mike Enzi, Cynthia Lummis and I responded this weekend in the CST about the EPA’s plan to take over state and local waters.This blatant power grab will hurt property owners and small businesses in Wyoming and across the country. The EPA wants Americans to believe that the rule is harmless – and we aren't falling for it. Click here to get the facts about the EPA’s proposal:
Enjoyed visiting with everyone who came out last night for the opening ceremony of Special Olympics Wyoming’s Fall Tournament. These are folks who live every day with courage.  
Enjoyed my recent visit with 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th grade students at St. Anthony Tri-Parish Catholic School in Casper
On Fox News Sunday this morning, I called on the President to ask Congress for war authority and not rush the Attorney General nomination through during a lame-duck session of Congress. 
The U.S. Forest Service recently proposed red tape that requires reporters to obtain permits to shoot photos or videos, even on an iPhone, in federally designated wilderness areas. If reporters don’t get the permit, they have to pay a fine. This rule makes it clear that the Forest Service believes wilderness is government land – not public land. Please let the Forest Service know what you think about this proposal by commenting here before November 3rd: http://1.usa.gov/1tYjzIK
On this day in 1950, War Memorial Stadium opened in Laramie. The Cowboys had an undefeated season that year. #WyoHistory Photo credit: Wyoming Athletics
We must never forget the nearly 3,000 innocent people killed in the September 11th attacks 13 years ago today. Our thoughts and prayers remain with their families.
On this day in 1886, construction began on the Wyoming State Capitol in Cheyenne. The first cornerstone was laid the following year on May 18, 1887, with completion of the east and west wings in 1890. With the growth of the state, crowded conditions prompted the 13th State Legislature to approve construction of the House and Senate Chambers in 1915, which were completed in 1917. Credit: Wyoming State Capitol and Wyoming Public Media.
Throughout August, I’ve enjoyed listening to the thoughts, ideas and concerns of folks across Wyoming. Here are a few photos from my recent travels:
It was great meeting 104-year-old Genevieve Tollman and her family this weekend at the Centennial Farm and Ranch Awards in Douglas.  Genevieve and her family celebrated the centennial of their family ranch in Lusk, the Tollman Ranch.
If you are a Wyoming high school junior or senior, please consider applying for the United States Senate Youth Program (USSYP). USSYP will award students a $5,000 scholarship and send them to Washington March 7th through the 14th for the program’s 53rd annual Washington Week. The statewide selection process has officially begun and the deadline to apply is September 26th. This program is a great opportunity for two students from Wyoming to earn money for college while also learning about the Senate.
On this day in 1878, Robert D. Carey, the 11th Governor of Wyoming, was born in Cheyenne. He also represented Wyoming in the United States Senate until 1937. Photo: Wyoming State Archive
Thanks to KCWY News 13's Lydia Defranchi for having me on the show last night to discuss my recent visit to the Border and my bill with Senator McCain to let people in Wyoming opt-out of Obamacare.
This week, John McCain and I introduced a bill to allow Americans to opt out of Obamacare without being penalized. After four years of Obamacare, there’s solid proof that the law is raising costs and putting Washington in control of Americans’ healthcare with their one-size-fits-all mandate. People in Wyoming should be able to make their own decisions about what healthcare is best for them and their families. 
On this day in 1878, Thomas Edison and numerous scientists and astronomers on Henry Draper’s Expedition witnessed a total solar eclipse in Rawlins. Below is a picture of the Draper eclipse party with telescopes during the summer of 1878. Photo credit: Carbon County Museum.
On this day in 1868, Congress created the Wyoming Territory. Below is a 1865 map of area to become Wyoming Territory from David Rumsey Maps:
At 7:10 am MT (9:10 am ET) I’ll be on Fox News “America’s Newsroom” with Bill Hemmer to discuss yesterday’s Obamacare court rulings.
Today I joined Senator David Vitter and Mike Enzi to introduce a bill that would block the EPA from using secret data to justify its new rules and regulations. Since the American people bear the expensive costs of Washington red tape, they deserve to have access to the science behind these regulations. If the Obama Administration wants to live up to its claim of being the “most transparent administration” in history – they will immediately support our bill.
124 years ago on this day in history, Wyoming was admitted to the union as the 44th state. Here is a picture of the Wyoming flag proudly hanging in the hallway of the United States Senate:
I'm looking forward to joining Senator Bob Casey tomorrow on Fox News Sunday at 8 am MT on your local FOX station. It will be re-broadcast on FOX News Channel at 12 pm MT and 4 pm MT.
Mike Enzi, Cynthia Lummis and I had the opportunity to meet with Wyoming’s 2014 Presidential Scholars: Kirsi Anselmi-Stith of Rock Springs and Jacob Colman of Casper. The U.S. Presidential Scholars Program was established in 1964 to recognize some of the nation’s most distinguished high school seniors. Each year, up to 141 students are honored based on their academic success, artistic excellence, essays, school evaluations and transcripts as well as evidence of community service, leadership and demonstrated commitment to high ideals.
Yesterday, the Senate and House Western Caucuses sent a letter to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack calling on the U.S. Forest Service to withdraw their recent “Directive” to seize state waters. This sweeping proposal would impose extreme water restrictions across the West and deny agricultural, recreational and economic activity throughout our communities. These restrictions will hurt jobs and limit Americans’ access to our public lands - with little or no environmental benefit. Once again, it’s another attempt by the Obama Administration to transfer power from states and landowners to Washington. I’m going to continue to do everything possible to stop this proposal. 
The Environmental Protection Agency is trying every possible scheme to take over private and state waters in our country. Today, 29 Senators joined me in introducing a bill to stop the EPA’s extreme rule that will severely restrict homeowners and individual landowners in Wyoming and across America from making local land and water decisions. Congress already rejected the EPA’s first attempt to enact this rule – and we’ll continue do everything possible to make sure it’s never final.  
Good news for Wyoming today. The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee passed two important water bills that will help ensure Wyoming and the entire inter-mountain West have a clean, abundant supply of water and electricity. Today’s vote puts us one step closer to having the information we need to improve aging water delivery systems and Bureau of Reclamation facilities across the country. I’ll work for the full Senate to pass both of these important bills soon. 
I’m pleased that President Obama signed the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA) into law today. As a member of the conference committee for WRRDA, I worked to make sure this bill included several provisions that will specifically help Wyoming. This new law will save lives and property from flood and drought, cut wasteful spending and protect Wyoming’s water rights. It also guarantees rural communities have better access to water project financing and more help in complying with confusing Washington regulations. I’ll continue to look for more opportunities to improve our aging water infrastructure and keep folks in Wyoming safe. 
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day we remember the thousands of brave Americans who “came to liberate—not to conquer—to restore freedom and to end tyranny.”
I support policies that balance a healthy environment with a healthy economy.  The President’s extreme anti-coal regulations will force many hardworking Americans to lose their jobs and cause energy bills to skyrocket. At a time when Americans are already struggling to pay their bills, these costly regulations are the last thing we need.
Today, we remember and honor our heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live safe and free.
Thanks to KFBC Radio in Cheyenne for having me on their show this morning to discuss the VA scandal, Obamacare and EPA regulations.
The President’s health care law has forced taxpayers to pay hundreds of millions of dollars for a failed website, and now the Obama Administration expects Americans to pay hundreds of millions of dollars for failed state exchanges. States that scrap their state-run Obamacare exchanges are admitting they have wasted millions of dollars in federal grants, so it’s only fair that they pay the American taxpayers and the federal government back for their total incompetence. Today, I spoke on the floor of the Senate about a bill I introduced with Senator Orrin Hatch that would force states to pay back the American taxpayers all of the funding they wasted on the failed exchange: 
In today’s USA Today, I wrote about how instead of making the environment better, the President’s extreme regulations will make the climate for unemployed Americans worse. In Wyoming, we’ve figured out how to balance a healthy environment with a healthy economy. It’s time for the Obama Administration to follow our lead. 
Today, I joined Members of the Western Caucus, including Cynthia Lummis and Mike Enzi, in sending a letter to Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy calling on the EPA to halt the “Waters of the US” rule. This rule would give Washington the power to regulate even the smallest bodies of water on private land in Wyoming and across America. It will hurt farms, small businesses, commercial and energy development and interfere with private property rights. I’ll continue to look for every opportunity to stop this rule. 
Today I released a new report along with Western Caucus Co-Chairs Congressman Steve Pearce and Cynthia Lummis. Our report confirms how Wyoming and other western states are leading the way when it comes to protecting our environment without hurting jobs. Instead of supporting state solutions, the Obama Administration continues to push overreaching and harmful regulations. It’s time for Washington to step aside and realize that the Americans who live and work on these lands should be managing them for the people in their states.    Click here to read the report: http://www.barrasso.senate.gov/public/_files/WesternCaucus_StateSolutionsReport_2014.pdf
I’ll be on MSNBC’s “Jansing & Co.” at 8:30 AM MT (10:30 AM ET) to talk about Ukraine.
This morning, I sat down with CNN’s Candy Crowley on “State of the Union” to discuss President Obama’s foreign policy agenda, the situation in Ukraine and sanctions against Russia.  
Congratulations to our staff member, Allison Connell, who is representing Wyoming as this year’s Cherry Blossom Princess. Allison was born and raised in the Cowboy State on her family’s ranch outside of Sheridan. After graduating from the University of Montana, Allison joined my office in 2013 as our staff assistant. Allison will represent Wyoming well at the 2014 Cherry Blossom Festival.
Tax Day is coming next week on April 15th.  According to the Tax Foundation, Americans will spend more on taxes this year than they spend on food, clothing, and housing combined. Instead of cutting spending, President Obama has a budget that asks for over $1.7 trillion in tax increases. Today, I spoke on the floor of the Senate about how people in Wyoming are tired of sending their hard earned money to Washington – and getting little in return. 
Today I introduced the Energy Security Act along with Senator John Hoeven and Lisa Murkowski, as an amendment to the Unemployment Insurance Extension Bill. Our amendment would help create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity by approving the Keystone XL Pipeline and expediting LNG Exports to Ukraine, NATO and Japan. 
Looking forward to joining Senator Angus King (I-ME) tomorrow on FOX News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 8:00 am MT on your local FOX station to talk about Obamacare.
This week, Sheridan’s Michael and Stacy Sweeney and their 10 wonderful children visited us in Washington.  I enjoyed meeting the entire family and learning about how we can help cut Washington red tape associated with adoptions. Last year, I was an original co-sponsor to the Accuracy for Adoptees Act and it was signed into law in January.  The bill helped the Sweeney family resolve inaccuracies with four of the kids’ birth certificates.
Four years ago, Democrats in Congress were confident that Obamacare would be extremely popular. Today, the law has broken almost every single promise that President Obama made about it.  Millions of Americans have lost their coverage, lost their doctors, can’t afford their premiums, and can’t work as many hours because of Obamacare. Instead of continuing to implement a poorly written law, Washington needs to focus on common sense reforms that will improve access to quality, affordable health care for all Americans.
Today, along with Mike Enzi and Senator John Hoeven I introduced the Natural Gas Gathering Enhancement Act, a bill that would reduce natural gas flaring and expedite the permitting of natural gas gathering lines located on Federal and Indian Land. This will allow energy companies to capture and sell more natural gas—a win for State and Federal budgets and our environment. States like Wyoming are making strides in reducing the flaring of natural gas during oil production – and it’s time for Congress to do the same. 
I’ll join Bill Hemmer on FOX News at 8:28 am MT (10:28 am ET) to discuss how President Obama’s budget proposal grows Washington and shrinks the middle class.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said this morning on the floor of the U.S. Senate that in regards to Obamacare, “there’s plenty of horror stories being told. All of them are untrue, but they’re being told all over America.” First off, there are plenty of real people in Wyoming and across the country who are being hurt by Obamacare. If this wasn't true, why has the President unilaterally delayed so many parts of his own law?
I’ll join Jon Scott on FOX News at 10:20 a.m. MT (12:20 p.m. ET) to discuss Medicare Advantage and how some seniors on Medicare Advantage can expect cancellation notices because of the Obama Administration’s plan to gut the program.
Happy to hear that the members of the Wyoming National Guard’s 133rd Engineering Company made it back safely to Wyoming this morning. Everyone in Wyoming is proud of you and incredibly grateful for everything you do to keep us safe and free.
The Obama Administration announced today that it is delaying the Obamacare employer mandate for medium sized employers. While this may be a temporary break for employers, middle class families will still be forced to prove they have expensive, government mandated insurance. After all the waivers and delays, Americans continue to ask - "what about me?" It’s time to eliminate the individual mandate. 
Instead of threatening to go around Congress, President Obama should embrace bipartisan solutions tonight in his State of the Union address. He can do that by announcing his support for the Keystone XL pipeline, eliminating reckless red tape and repealing the destructive medical device tax. 
One of Wyoming’s and Cheyenne’s best, KGAB Radio's Dave Chaffin, is retiring and hosting his final “Morning Zone” show today. Dave is a great broadcaster and I’m proud to have called him a friend throughout the years. I’ll join Dave LIVE in the studio this morning at about 9:30 am MT. You can listen to his entire last show LIVE by clicking on the link below. 
At today’s Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hearing with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, I highlighted how excessive EPA regulations are wiping out coal jobs, driving up electricity prices and creating poverty. 
I will be on FOX News "America's Newsroom" with Bill Hemmer at 9:25 am ET (7:25 am MT) to discuss Iran sanctions.
The Department of Interior’s announcement today that they are canceling the controversial “National Blueways” program is welcome news to private landowners and communities in Wyoming and across the country. The Blueways program, which was created by the Obama Administration in 2012, gave Washington the power to takeover State and local water rights without Congressional approval or public input.  As Chairman of the Senate Western Caucus, I’ll continue to fight against any attempt by Washington to takeover Wyoming’s water.
Bobbi and I wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas.
Senator Lamar Alexander, Senator Enzi and I intro bill to open #Obamacare enrollment before election and disclose premium increase to Americans beforehand. Americans deserve to know what their premiums will be before they go to the polls. Instead of trying to hide skyrocketing costs, the Administration needs to come clean about the terrible impacts of this law.
I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News at 11:10 am (ET) 9:10 am (MT) to preview Secretary Kerry’s meeting about Iran.
I wrote in IBDeditorials.com today on how #Obamacare disrupts the delicate relationship and bond between a patient their doctor.  The President knew of this special relationship. That's why he promised Americans they could keep their doctors. Now, the same law that’s caused millions of Americans to lose their health insurance is causing them to lose their doctors.
This afternoon, I spoke about how under #Obamacare, Americans struggle with higher costs, more confusion and less confidence in the Obama Administration. These Obamacare flaws and failures have led to a dramatic loss of confidence by the American people in their government.
I'm looking forward to joining Bill Hemmer on Fox News at 9:35 am (ET) 7:35 am (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
The more the President tries to explain away the problems of his health care law, the worse it gets for Americans. The President took no action to help people who will lose their coverage and their doctor, pay higher premiums and become victims of identify theft because of Obamacare. Americans don’t need another press conference—they need to be able to see their doctor and get affordable care.
Governor Mead and I had the privilege of sharing Thanksgiving dinner with Wyoming National Guard troops serving in Bahrain. We were honored to visit with over 160 members of the 133rd Engineering Company—a unit based out of Laramie that is stationed at Isa Air Base in Bahrain. The soldiers, who are over halfway through their deployment, gave us a tour of the base and updated us on operations in the Middle East. We made sure that these troops knew that everyone in Wyoming is proud of their service and the work they’re doing to keep us safe and free.
I'll join Greta Van Susteren tonight on Fox News at about 7:45 pm (ET) 5:45 pm (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
The Senate Energy Committee passed my bill today that would help Wyoming livestock producers by streamlining the grazing permitting process. Now, I will urge the Senate to pass “The Grazing Improvement Act” immediately to provide hard working ranching families the certainty and stability they need.
Please join me for a live tele-town hall TONIGHT. I want to hear your thoughts and questions on issues that concern you.  WHEN: Wednesday, November 20th at 6:30 p.m. (MT)  TO JOIN THE CONVERSATION DIAL: (855) 756-7520 PASS CODE: #23201
I highlighted stories from WY families today who are losing their healthcare coverage and facing skyrocketing premiums.
I'll be on CNN's "State of the Union" Sunday morning at 7 am MT with Candy Crowley to talk about Obamacare.
I'll be on Fox News with Greg Jarrett at 9:25 am (ET) 7:25 am (MT) to talk about the President’s fake Obamacare “fix”.
I'm looking forward to joining Gretchen Carlson on Fox News at 2:00 pm (ET) 12:00 noon (MT)  to talk about how the President's “fix” won’t work and how his entire law is broken.
President Obama’s administrative “fix” is merely a political band-aid and is not a permanent cure for Americans.
New info-graphic from Senate RPC: For every one person who selected an Obamacare plan—40 people received cancellation notices.
I called on the Department of Energy yesterday to support west coast liquefied natural gas (LNG) export facilities and to allow Rocky Mountain natural gas to reach Asian markets. Opening access to Asian LNG markets gives western states the opportunity to enjoy the economic benefits of LNG exports.
Americans across the country are being hurt by the President’s health care law due to dropped coverage, higher prices and the loss of their doctor. In Wyoming alone over 2,600 people have received cancellation notices—even though the President promised you could keep your health plan if you liked it. I would like to hear from folks in Wyoming about how the health care law is specifically affecting you, your family or your small business. Please share your story with me by clicking on the link below.
I'll join Kristen Welker on MSNBC at 1:10 pm (ET) 11:10 am (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
Rather than apologizing to Americans for the harm done by the failed health care law, the President and Democrats have doubled down on the dishonesty. Last night with the President, MA Governor Deval Patrick shockingly called citizens who've lost health care coverage “free-riders.” It’s time for Obama officials and surrogates to stop blaming Americans who’ve been damaged and harmed by this failed healthcare law.
Millions of Americans are being hurt by #Obamacare due to increased costs, dropped coverage and the news that they can no longer keep their family doctor.
The EPA’s “listening tour” on carbon cap regulations conveniently bypasses 16 of the top 20 coal producing states including Wyoming. Today, I sent a letter with 10 other Senators calling on Administrator McCarthy to actually visit with and listen to the opinions of the people most impacted by EPA’s anti-coal policies.
I wrote in Fox News Opinion today about a month full of HealthCare.gov horrors and how nearly every promise the President made has been broken. #Obamacare was based on the idea that government is capable of running America’s health care system competently. It turns out that the government can’t even set up a website competently – and they knew it.
I just introduced a bill that will help folks in Wyoming by stopping the Administration from holding public land-use permits hostage in an attempt to acquire private water rights.  We won’t sit back and let Washington attempt to bully our farmers, ranchers and other multiple use permit holders. Congress needs to pass our bill immediately and prevent Washington from extorting Americans’ private water rights.
NA
I'll join Greta Van Susteren tonight on Fox News at 7 pm (ET) 5 pm (MT) to talk about how the Obamacare train-wreck is more than a website.
I'll be joining Bill Hemmer on FOX News at 1:05 pm (ET) 11:05 am (MT) to discuss the failed Obamacare roll out and how more and more Democrats are calling for the individual mandate to be delayed.
Please join me for a live tele-town hall TONIGHT at 8:30 pm (ET) 6:30 pm (MT). I want to hear your thoughts and questions on issues that concern you.   To join the conversation dial: (855) 756-7520 Pass Code: 22744#
After this tech disaster, the President must delay his individual mandate. By the time they fix it, many Americans will already be taxed for insurance they couldn't even sign up for online. The President focused on employing ‘best & brightest’ tech experts on his campaign instead of on his governing team. While he won election, many Americans lost any chance of accessing affordable care from unworkable site and law.
Tomorrow, I will join Senate Republicans in a meeting with President Obama at the White House on reopening the government and dealing with the debt limit. This meeting needs to be a real discussion and negotiation about how we can reopen the government, reduce our debt and help our economy grow—not just another useless photo op.
I'll join Jenna Lee on Fox News today at 12 noon (ET) 10:00 am (MT).
Looking forward to joining Gretchen Carlson today at 12:05 pm MT (2:05 pm ET) on her new FOX News show The Real Story.
I wrote in USA TODAY about how under the Obamacare exchanges, there are several reasons for the buyer to beware. Under Obamacare, Americans will see higher costs, fraud and identity theft, customer service failures and could lose their doctor.
I'll join Sean Hannity and Senator Graham on Fox News tonight at 9:00 pm (ET) 7:00 pm (MT) to discuss Obamacare.
The Helium Bill is headed to President’s desk—This is great news for Wyoming and is a significant step in the fight to restore our AML funding.
At the exact same time the President promises Americans that the  Obamacare exchanges are ready—the White House is announcing another delay. This is the latest example of how President Obama’s rhetoric about the law is not matching reality.
I'll join Jenna Lee on Fox News' "Happening Now" at 11:30 am (ET) 9:30 am (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
I'm looking forward to joining Greta Van Susteren on Fox News tonight at 10:00 pm (ET) 8:00 pm (MT) to talk about Obamacare.
The President has failed to change public opinion—so today he’ll be President Clinton’s warm-up act in last-ditch Obamacare sales job. Obamacare was supposed to be the signature achievement of the Obama presidency so why does he need to call for backup to explain it? They need to speak to workers, spouses, young people and more who've been ignored and deserve a permanent Obamacare delay.
In Wyoming, we know how valuable coal is to our communities and recognize that it’s our most affordable, reliable and secure source of energy. The EPA’s new red tape will shut down coal plants and devastate communities across the country. Sacrificing more and more coal jobs as an offering to environmental extremists, for what they admit will have no impact on the climate, is politics at its worst. It’s time for the President to stop focusing on bankrupting Wyoming and America’s coal industry.
NA
I spoke yesterday about my amendment to stop the President from going around Congress to impose job-crushing carbon regulations. EPA regulations will increase energy costs for those who can least afford it—seniors, low-income families and small businesses.
I'll be on Fox News with Bill Hemmer at 10:30 am (ET) 8:30 am (MT) to talk about Syria.
I wrote in the Wall Street Journal today about why the Russians can’t be trusted in Syria. Moscow isn't even complying with a commitment to destroy its own chemical weapons—why would we expect them to enforce Syria restrictions?
Under Obamacare, people aren’t just losing their insurance—it's affecting their jobs and it's affecting their paychecks.
Over the past nine months, we've welcomed four new members to our team.
We will never forget the nearly 3,000 brave and innocent people killed in the September 11th attacks 12 years ago today.
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on FOX News tonight at 10:20 pm (ET) 8:20 pm (MT) to respond to President Obama's remarks on Syria.
This morning, I delivered the GOP's Weekly Address on how Americans will have real sticker shock when the Obamacare exchanges go into effect.
I'm honored to be chosen to give the GOP response to the President's weekly national address. You can watch my Weekly Address on my website Saturday. http://tinyurl.com/lgsbrvz
Over the last two years, the Assad regime has committed terrible atrocities against thousands of innocent men, women and children in Syria. I join the rest of America in strongly condemning these awful acts of violence.   This past week, I've participated in both open and closed hearings with the Administration about the President’s call for military strikes in Syria. Like most folks back home, I am concerned about the Administration’s willingness to commit to military action without providing an ultimate objective and an overall strategic plan in Syria. That’s why at today’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, I voted against a resolution authorizing U.S. military force in Syria.  There is nothing of more consequence to me as a U.S. Senator than a vote on whether or not to involve American military forces, and so far I believe the Administration has failed to present a strategy that justifies this action.
This morning at 11:15 am (ET) 9:15 am (MT) I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News to talk about Syria.
It was fun running into the Meeteetse football team at the airport this morning.
The White House is trying to put Obamacare together with chicken wire and duct tape just to make it fly on October 1st.
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on FOX News tonight at 10:30 pm (ET) 8:30 pm (MT) to talk about the latest Obamacare delay.
It's good news for Wyoming that the Administration answered our call to return mineral revenue that is owed to our state.
Casper Star-Tribune: Wyoming to finally get $40 million in mineral lease fees from federal government.
NA
Please join me for a live tele-town hall TODAY. I want to hear your thoughts and questions on issues that concern you.    WHEN: Today, Wednesday, August 14th at 12:15 p.m. (MT)  TO JOIN THE CONVERSATION DIAL: (855) 756-7520   PASS CODE: 22370#
Today, Americans  learned of another major Obamacare delay that will impact patients and their access to affordable care. Instead of capping patient costs, the Administration changed the rules and hid it on an obscure bureaucratic government website. The reason Obamacare keeps getting delayed is because it doesn't work like the President promised it would.
Bobbi and I will be in Cheyenne tomorrow morning for the Wyoming "Komen Race for the Cure." Hope to see you there.
I’ll be on Fox News with Sean Hannity tonight to talk about Obamacare. You can watch the interview at 9:00 pm (ET) 7:00 pm (MT).
Last night, the Senate passed Senator Jim Risch and my bill to increase hydro-power development and rural jobs across the West. Wyoming and other states with many Bureau of Reclamation sites will now be able to fully embrace hydro-power’s potential. The President should sign this hydro-power bill into law now and work with Congress to remove red tape and clear the way for more American energy development.
The White House thinks if they deliver more sales pitches, Americans will finally like Obamacare—it’s not going to happen. The President needs to stop lecturing and start listening to the American people about their concerns with his health care law.
President Obama promised to care about middle class Americans, but his policies are making their lives much more difficult.
I introduced a bill today to block the President from going around Congress to implement his national energy tax. Under my bill, the Obama Administration has to have Congressional approval before moving forward with their job-crushing tax. Thanks to Mike Enzi, Senator Lamar Alexander, Senator Rand Paul, and Senator Marco Rubio for cosponsoring the “National Energy Tax Repeal Act.”
I'll be on Foxnews' Happening Now with Jenna Lee at 12:20 pm (ET) 10:20 am (MT) to respond to the President's #Obamacare speech.
I wrote in Investor's Business Daily today about how President Obama’s Energy Tax will increase energy costs and crush jobs across the country. No President should be able to take such extreme steps on their own. It should be debated in Congress.
I'll join Chuck Todd on MSNBC’s "Daily Rundown" at 9:10 am (ET) 7:10 am (MT) to talk about the "Nuclear Option."
NA
I wrote in National Review Online today about how the Obamacare employer mandate delay makes it clear how bad the law is for those trying to make a living.
This morning, I talked to Trevor Trujillo on Laramie's KOWB radio about my recent trip to visit over 160 Wyoming National Guard soldiers deployed in Bahrain.
I'm looking forward to joining Gregg Jarrett on Foxnews' America's Newsroom at 10:20 am (ET) 8:20 am (MT) to talk about the #Obamacare mandate delay.
It’s an honor and a privilege to visit with and thank Wyoming troops serving overseas. We can all be proud of the remarkable work the 133rd is doing to defend our freedom. All of the soldiers I talked to wanted me to let folks at home know they’re well, they’re getting everything they need, and look forward to getting home to Wyoming
 
 During our visit, I reminded the troops that the people of Wyoming are extremely grateful for the sacrifices they make to keep us safe and free. In Wyoming, we can continue to show our support by including the families of those deployed in our family and community events.
Throughout the past month, I've traveled Wyoming and listened to a wide range of opinions about our immigration system. Like most people in Wyoming, I agree that we need to fix our broken immigration system – and that this bill isn't the right answer. In its current form, the bill fails to secure our border and also provides very expensive benefits to people here illegally. I voted no today because I know that we don’t need another massive, flawed law that won’t fix the problem.
NA
Wyoming’s Sweetwater County School District may cut the hours of more than 500 part-time workers thanks to #Obamacare.
I spoke on the Senate Floor earlier about how Americans cannot afford President Obama's national energy tax that will discourage hiring and increase energy costs.
I joined Mike Enzi and Cynthia Lummis this week to congratulate these outstanding young people from Wyoming on their commitments to their communities and to themselves.
I will speak at the National Journal Back in Business Forum at 1:30pm (ET) 11:30 am (MT) about health care solutions Washington can learn from. Watch it LIVE by clicking the link below:
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on Fox News tonight at 10:30 pm (ET) 8:30 pm (MT) to talk about Obamacare and the IRS.
I wrote in The Washington Post today about how this week's G8 meeting should spotlight differences between the U.S. and Russia's natural gas exports. Russia’s control of the natural gas market and prices results in some of our allies paying exorbitant rates. If the President is serious about strengthening U.S. foreign policy and creating good jobs—he’ll approve more U.S. LNG exports.
NA
Bobbi and I are deeply saddened by the passing of Thyra Thomson. She was a dear friend, and we will miss her greatly.   In Washington, I have a picture in my Senate office of Thyra and President Ronald Reagan for all to see. It was taken in Cheyenne when she was Secretary of State. It is a constant reminder of Thyra’s leadership, her legacy and her commitment to our state and our nation.   Our heartfelt condolences go to all of Thyra's family. We are so fortunate that she chose to live her life in service to Wyoming.
I spoke this morning about the Senate Democrats' latest attempt to limit minority rights and end extended debate on important issues. If Democrats break the rules to change the rules, political minorities- and all Americans- will lose.
The President delivered an Obamacare speech in San Jose today. Read the facts about his health care law in my San Jose Mercury News Op-Ed.
Senator Mike Enzi and I had the opportunity to spend some time with students from Casper's St. Anthony's Tri-Parish School as well as some of their families today on the steps of the U.S. Capitol.
Under Obamacare, young Americans are forced to pay more for health insurance, so someone else might pay less.
I'm looking forward to joining Carl Quintanilla and Kelly Evans on CNBC’s "Squawk on the Street" at 11:10 am (ET) 9:10 am (MT) to talk about the IRS and Obamacare.
I'm Looking forward to joining Bill Hemmer this morning on Fox News at 10:30 am (ET) 8:30 am (MT).
Today, I joined Senator John Hoeven and others in calling on the President to approve the Keystone XL pipeline on its own merits and how it should not be linked to new regulations and higher taxes.
I wrote in the Washington Times today about how over next several months, the IRS will take over as chief enforcer of much of Obamacare. The President needs to work with Congress to stop IRS overreach and take away the agency’s authority over Americans' health insurance.
The DOE’s approval of only one LNG export project in the last two years casts doubt on the Administration’s commitment to increasing exports and jobs.
I will join Jenna Lee on FOX News' "Happening Now" at 12:10 pm (ET) 10:10 am (MT) to talk about the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Republicans request for a Benghazi hearing to address new revelations.
In the article below, the Washington Post highlights Orrin Hatch and my bill to repeal the health insurance tax that's included in Obamacare.
I had the pleasure of meeting Rachel Ehlers (left) from Newcastle and Darlee Hyatt (right) from Riverton today. Rachel and Darlee are the Wyoming recipients of The Prudential Spirit of Community Award which is given to students for outstanding volunteer service. These two volunteered their time and helped raise money for cancer research and veterans. They have set great examples for all of us.
Talked to FOX News’ Bill Hemmer this morning on “America’s Newsroom” about how today’s jobs report would be better without Obamacare regulations weighing down job creators.
I wrote in Investors Business Daily today about how Obamacare is blocking job creation and economic growth. Whatever the numbers are in tomorrow's job report, we know that Obamacare is weighing down our economy..
I'm looking forward to joining Greta Van Susteren tonight on Foxnews at 10:20 pm (ET) 8:20 pm (MT) to respond to the President's Obamacare remarks at today's press conference.
I spoke on the Senate floor earlier today about how Obamacare will be a “train wreck” for American taxpayers and their families.
April 22-26th is National Park Week - Check out the National Parks in your area and plan your visit.
I introduced an amendment today that protects gun owners from having their private gun ownership information publicly released.
The Salvation Army is helping Boston survivors and their families. Here’s how you can help:
I'll be on FOX News' “Happening Now” at 12:20 pm (ET) 10:20 am (MT).
Shortly, I’m going to ask EPA nominee McCarthy how she plans to change the agency’s dismal record on jobs and growth.  You can watch the hearing by using the link below.
Today, I wrote in The Wall Street Journal how the Obama Administration has to act quickly to prevent more Americans from dropping out of the workforce – and should start by changing EPA policies. You can read my op-ed by clicking below:
The Obama budget is a bad afterthought instead of a good answer to America’s challenges.
NA
I will join Chris Cillizza on MSNBC at 1:05 pm (ET) 11:05 am (MT). Tune in.
I wrote in Fox News Opinion today on how we need to stop ObamaCare's massive "HIT" tax before it puts more Americans out of work.
NA
NA
Wyoming’s small businesses employ more than 220,000 people. If we don’t take steps to repeal taxes that adversely affect their growth, business owners and employees will suffer. That’s why today I joined Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT) in introducing legislation to repeal the health insurance tax included in the President’s health care law.  Eliminating this tax will save thousands of jobs and save families approximately $5,000 in higher health premiums over a decade.
I previewed today’s Senate RPC policy lunch with Paul Ryan on MSNBC's Morning Joe with Joe Scarborough earlier this moring. Watch the interview below:
I'm about to join Martha Maccallum on FOX News' America Newsroom at 10:40 am (ET) 8:40 am (MT) to talk about CPAC.
I will be taking the stage at CPAC at 10:45 am (ET) 8:45 am (MT) to talk about the negative impacts of Obamacare on young Americans. You can watch the speech online using the link below:
AP reports today that applying for Obamacare benefits could be as daunting as doing your taxes.
I'm looking forward to sitting down with Greta Van Susteren on Foxnews tonight at 10:15 pm (ET) 8:15 pm (MT) to talk about the President's decision to cancel White House tours.
In this week’s National Cattlemen's Beef Association newsletter, I wrote about how the Grazing Improvement Act gives our ranching communities the certainty they need to stay on the land and in business.
I questioned Department of Interior Secretary nominee Jewell today on issues that are important to Wyoming. In case you missed it, you can watch video below:
The Wyoming County Commissioners delivered some straight talk to Jon Karl yesterday on ABC World News about the White House canceling tours.
Today, I Joined Senator Mike Lee in outlining areas of wasteful Washington spending that the President can cut instead of targeting vital programs. I also invited all of the groups who had their White House tours cancelled to take a tour of the Capitol, Senate, and House buildings instead.
Yesterday, I spoke on the Senate Floor about how under Obamacare, Americans are in for a serious case of premium sticker shock.
On MSNBC's "Morning Joe" earlier today, Joe Scarborough highlighted a Senate Republican Policy Committee chart that shows the REAL impact of the sequester. Look closely!
I just voted against Chuck Hagel for Defense Secretary. I'm concerned by his views on policies related to Iran, Iraq, Israel and America's nuclear defense.
I'm about to join Thomas Roberts on MSNBC at 11:30 am (ET) 9:30 am (MT) to talk about why I don’t think Chuck Hagel is the right choice for Secretary of Defense.
I'm looking forward to joining Greta Van Susteren on FOX News tonight at about 10:05 pm (ET) 8:05 pm (MT) to talk about sequestration.
I wrote in National Review Online today on how sequester scare tactics won't solve the problem. The President should work to replace it with responsible spending cuts.
I’ll be on the second half of Sean Hannity’s radio show today talking about how Obamacare is negatively impacting Americans and business owners who provide health care to their employees.  To see when and where Hannity’s radio program airs in Wyoming, click below.
Sublette county folks: Please join me at a town hall meeting at the Pinedale library tonight from 6-7 pm (MT). I look forward to hearing your ideas and talking about issues that are most important to you.
I discussed sequestration and the Hagel, Brennan, and Lew nominations this morning with Candy Crowley on CNN's "State of the Union."
Senator Jim Risch and I introduced a bill today to increase hydro-power development, create rural jobs, and lower electricity prices.
I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News at about 12:10 pm (ET) 10:10 am (MT) to talk about my Washington Times Op-Ed previewing tonight’s SOTU speech.
I wrote in the Washington Times today about how the President’s SOTU speech tonight should focus on jobs and putting Americans back to work. He should also use it as an opportunity to lay out a plan for a responsible budget, tax reform, cutting red tape and approving the Keystone XL pipeline.
I re-introduced the “Grazing Improvement Act” today. My bill will give our ranching communities the certainty and stability they need by extending permits and preserving grazing rights. It will keep Wyoming’s livestock producers on the land and in business.
Today, I joined Senator Orrin Hatch and 29 other Senators in calling on the President to not give unions special treatment under Obamacare.
NA
I also wrote in Investors Business Daily today that for most Americans, the Tax Code's 100th Birthday is a cause of headaches—not celebration. We need to finally take this opportunity to make our tax code fairer, flatter, and simpler.
I expressed my opposition to Chuck Hagel’s nomination for Secretary of Defense in USA Today. I'm concerned about his judgment and the national security advice he’d give to the President.
Today, I Joined Mike Enzi and a bipartisan ICBM coalition in asking Chuck Hagel to clarify his position on the future of our ICBM force.
I spoke on the Senate Floor today about how the Debt Limit debate is an appropriate time to talk about reforming Washington’s spending problem.
I wrote in the Wall Street Journal today about my concerns with Chuck Hagel’s judgment regarding a number of issues.
Senator Mike Enzi and I joined 51 other Senators in a bipartisan letter to President Obama urging the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
I'm about to join Jon Scott on FOX News at 11:45 am (ET) 9:45 am (MT) to talk about this morning’s Senate hearing on Benghazi with Sec. Clinton.
I'll be joining Sean Hannity tonight on FOX News at about 9:20 pm (ET) 7:20 pm (MT) to preview tomorrow’s Senate hearing on Libya with Secretary of State Clinton.
I'm looking forward to joining Candy Crowley on CNN's "State of the Union" on the National Mall tomorrow at 9:00 am (ET) 7:00 am (MT) to preview President Obama’s inaugural address.
I'll be joining Bill Hemmer on FOX news at about 9:10 am (ET) 7:10 am (MT) to talk about the Debt Ceiling.
I recently had the honor of meeting Wyoming soldier Sgt. Nicolas Wohlers, who is currently stationed at Kandahar Airfield, Afghanistan.
NA
I'll join Jon Scott on FOX News at 12:10 pm (ET) 10:10 am (MT) to talk about Jack Lew's nomination to be Treasury Secretary.
Congratulations and good luck to the Wyoming Men's Basketball team who was just ranked 25th in today's USA Today Coaches Poll.
The 113th Congress was sworn in today. It's an honor to represent the people of Wyoming in US Senate for 6 more years.
